And couldn’t leave without perfecting the pancake flip. 
I promised to be here when the voters in New Hampshire were making up their minds — and today I'm fulfilling that promise (and visiting about a billion polling places).  
Granite Staters are still making their way to the polls! We’re in Hopkinton with NH Rep. ; Tom Burak meeting voters committed to this democracy.  
Had to stop one final time at the for some pie. It was a family affair: Coconut chocolate, chocolate cream, raspberry lemon, blueberry lemon, and cherry  
Great seeing for lunch today at Bridge Cafe, where we also met several Granite Staters who are committed to heading to the polls and casting their votes.  
Glad to have Majority Floor Leader and State Representative on our team!As a lifelong educator, Mary knows we need to fight for the next generation. And that's exactly what I'll do.   
 Thank you, for campaigning the  NH way -  going to the voters in every part of this state!  I’m gla…
I often say that if preschoolers voted, we’d be much more focused on policies that benefit the next generation.  Glad to see my message is resonating with its target demographic.  
I’ve learned so much from Granite Staters, and it’s been an honor to share my story with you and have you share your stories with me. From Susan, Caroline, Halina, Anne, and me, thank you for the kindness you have shown each of us. We're glad to be in this fight with you. 
If you're looking for a candidate who is experienced enough to know how to get the job done and the right generation to do it, New Hampshire, I’m asking for your vote.
If you think we need an agenda that Democrats up and down the ballot can run on, so we don’t just take the White House, but also win the Senate and hold the House so we can actually make progress, New Hampshire, I’m asking for your vote.
Going live with from a polling location in Bedford 
If you think we can't afford four more years of sleepless nights because Donald Trump is still our president, New Hampshire, I'm asking for your vote.
If you want a president who's focused on the next generation and not just the next tweet, New Hampshire, I'm asking for your vote.
We completed 50 town halls in the final 10 weeks, not to mention the dozens we did before that, answering every last question. Because honest conversations about our future are how we move this country forward. 
We shared a vision for the future ; what drives this fight for the next generation. From my family story as the son of a Holocaust survivor and a Mayflower descendant, to my time as superintendent of Denver schools, these experiences have shaped my agenda: 
Thanks to so many Granite Staters, letters to the editor supporting our campaign ran in newspapers across the state. And in between, the Real Deal Agenda and the support it garnered made headlines like these. Read more at  → 
Over the past year, I’ve held upward of 80 town halls in New Hampshire. From Nashua to the North Country, and from Keene to Portsmouth — thank you to all the Granite Staters who welcomed our family into their homes, businesses, and communities. 
New Hampshire, the day has finally arrived. It's been a great privilege to travel throughout this state—one that reminds me so much of home—and meet all of you. We've covered a lot of ground here, so let's take a walk down memory lane →
 Lunch stop: Bennet eats with old hands for Gary Hart’s 1984 campaign and other politicos at Bridge Cafe in Manchester. A gro…
“As long as we do what’s right, we can never lose.”Tremendously proud to be Caroline’s father and see her op-ed in the today. Read it here:  
When I was deciding to run for president, Caroline said to me, "Dad, if you tell the truth, nobody can fault you." Throughout this campaign I've worked to stay true to that principle, and so has she.Hear more about her experience on the trail here:
 thanks volunteers and talks to 2 primary voters that cast a ballot for him. This is the first time Scott ; C…
 It’s catchy. Also, the guy who says “Gimme the donuts!”    
 Latest stop: at another Manchester poll site. This one was less of a zoo. On hand in the cold rain was state…
  greets his supporters outside a polling place 
 Candidates keep talking to voters until every poll is closed-  speaks to Boston public radio 
Thank you to Fran from Nashua for fighting for your community, for engaging your friends and neighbors in our democracy, and for your support and hard work.   
I’m so glad the girls pay attention during my interviews.  
Going live with on this  day! Tune in to learn more about my campaign and why you should vote for our vision — especially if you’re still undecided in this primary race. 
Next stop: Nashua! Thank you to every person who has taken time to wave a sign, make calls, knock doors, and stand up for our democracy. This is how we build a coalition for change.   
We’re taking over Dad’s Insta. Look out, New Hampshire. - Caroline, Halina ; Anne Follow along on stories:  
Couldn’t be more grateful to have and our girls on this journey. We’ve spent more time in New Hampshire than anyone else and we’re ready for this  
When we wake up after Election Day in November, and we’re talking to our kids about qualities like honesty, integrity, and fair dealing, I’d like to be able to point to a picture of the president elect. That’s why I’m running, and that’s what this is all about.  
I have the experience winning in a swing state and the agenda to help us win races up and down the ballot—that’s what it’s going to take to beat Donald Trump.  
 HAPPENING NOW: Presidential Candidate joins on Morning Edition.Listen here: 
 Another candidate for president joins   on  89-7WGBH  
Live now — tune in! 
Scarfed down a breakfast sandwich and ran to the set so I wouldn’t miss this interview with We’re live now on talking about health care, the economy, and  
  joins  for Morning Edition on    
Kicking off the morning with more energy than ever. We’re knocking doors, making calls, and turning out the vote!  
As we walked up, Scott and Calley were leaving their polling place having just cast their ballots for our campaign! I could not be more grateful for our supporters around New Hampshire. I’m running for them and families like theirs across the country.  
Walking up to our first polling location in Manchester’s Ward 1. It’s  
Live now with Dan Mitchell on talking on this great  primary day! 
We win with an agenda focused on what people really care about: addressing the fact that they are working incredibly hard but can't afford a decent middle-class life. That's what I'm offering.It's not empty promises of free stuff. It's The Real Deal. 
 Caroline Bennet shares what it's like to campaign for "the ultimate long-shot candidate" — who just so happens to be her da…
The best moments I've had on the trail in New Hampshire have been having my family with me to meet voters where they are — in living rooms, at businesses, and in places of worship.Read my daughter Caroline’s perspective on her  experience here:
I know what it takes to win in tough places and make real progress for America’s families because I’ve done it.That’s how we beat Trump and move our country forward.New Hampshire, I’m asking for your vote.
As a former chair of Ambassador knows what it takes to elect Democrats in purple swing states. Honored to have your support! 
Honored to have State Rep. on Team Bennet! As a lifelong educator, Mary knows our current school system is failing too many kids across this country. I'll lead from the White House to ensure that your zip code doesn't determine the quality of your education.
 Bennet speaks to NH college students 
  has long been a practitioner of political performance art, but his visit to NH this weekend for c…
I don't think you can be progressive without actually making progress for Americans like the kids I used to work for in the Denver Public Schools. My American Family Act would cut childhood poverty by 40% in just one year. Now that’s progress. 
We won in 2018 on offense.And we can win again in 2020 if we stay on offense.That means protecting and building on the Affordable Care Act with a public option, not taking away choice with Medicare for All. 
To win in a swing state like Colorado, it's essential to build a broad coalition. If we want to take back the White House and win the Senate, we'll need to do the same nationwide. 
Granite Staters: If you're looking for a candidate who can actually beat Trump, give me a look.I’ve won two hard races in Colorado, a state a lot like New Hampshire.I’m experienced enough to know how to get the job done, and I’m the right generation to do it. 
New Hampshire, I’m asking for your vote.Together, we can beat Donald Trump, make lasting progress for all Americans, and begin to govern this country again. 
 I followed a canvasser in New Hampshire on a 21 degree day this weekend. Here’s a taste of what it was lik…
 "This country does not want to re-elect Donald Trump. We should not make it easy for this country to re-elect Donald Trum…
 “I’m the only candidate in this race to win two national elections in a swing state." In his final pitch to New Hampshire voters…
50 town halls in 10 weeks.Hundreds of unscripted questions, asked and answered.All 10 New Hampshire counties.One shot to make Donald Trump a one-term president.Let’s bring it home, New Hampshire. 
It would be easy to look at 20 years of wars ; broken politics and turn away. But the next generation is the one that’s going to save us—and it starts with voting. That’s how we will save this democracy.    
Thank you Laurie and Mike for opening up your Blue Loon Bakery and hosting our town hall today. I’m deeply grateful for your support and am ready to get out the vote tomorrow for the  primary. If you missed it, you can watch the full event here:  
Toured Sugar River Valley Technical Center, where high school students get a head start toward earning their degree ; a living wage. Thanks to the carpentry teacher, Michael Bennett (I’ll forgive the two Ts!), plumbing teacher Arnold ; student Craig for showing us your crafts. 
Live now with from Manchester 
If you’re in your car or near a radio, tune into with now! Talking about the  primary and what’s to come in the next day. 
My Medicare-X public option healthcare plan gives everyone a choice, drives down cost, and achieves universal healthcare.We don’t have time to waste. This is how we get it done. 
Campaigning in style. All thanks to Roland.   
The Real Deal isn't empty promises of free stuff, which have dominated this primary.The Real Deal is a progressive, paid for, and popular agenda to make lasting progress for you and your family.That's how we beat Trump.
I couldn't agree with more—politics is all about building coalitions and listening to people. That's what I've done my entire career as a public servant and what I'll do as president to make lasting progress for all Americans. 
Our country can't afford another four years of We need to run on an agenda like the Real Deal that will not only galvanize the Democratic base, but also help us win back some of the nine million people who voted for Obama then Trump. 
 "We have to win NC, Georgia, Texas—and states like that across the country. The reason I’m for Michael Bennet—given his background ; story—is he’s able to connect with people. He would pick up 55 Senate seats. I want a big win here. Let’s see what happens in NH." 
I’ve bet it all in on New Hampshire—a state that’s a lot like Colorado, and not just for the mountains!I’ve spent more time here than any other candidate, and I think we’ll surprise some people tomorrow.   
We have to win elections.To do that, we need to win purple states—like I've done twice in Colorado. That's the only way we will beat Donald Trump, flip the Senate, and hold the House. 
There are two primaries going on: One with families concerned about their housing ; healthcare. Another with people engaging in politics on social media ; cable TV. We have to focus on the economic issues confronting families to beat Trump ; start governing this country again. 
  picks up 2 NH endorsements, State Rep. Mary Heath and ex-Dem. Party Chairman/Ambassador George Bruno. 
 Presidential candidate "What we're dealing with now is the ideological end state, of the freedom caucus and Mi…
Officially on the ballot in New York!Together, we can build more opportunity for the next generation and make Trump a one-term president. 
Our democracy was broken before Trump got here, but he’s certainly made matters worse.We need a president who can unify us and overcome the dysfunction in Washington, not exacerbate it. 
 Just in: receives primary eve endorsements from former Ambassador/former Chair George Bruno ;
 Just in: receives primary eve endorsements from former Ambassador/former Chair George Bruno ;
“I think we’re going to surprise people on Tuesday night.” - Hampshire, we can do this. 
The Real Deal is an agenda Democrats up and down the ballot—in blue, purple, and red states—can run on. It would profoundly improve the lives of millions of Americans, and it's achievable and fiscally responsible. 
 We’re in Dixville Notch, home of the  primary where residents cast votes at midnight. My family ; I are deeply grat…
 Sen. stops by to say hello to our students ahead of his appearance on 
New Hampshire voters would back me up on this: They are less decided today than they were 6 weeks or 6 months ago. They’re still looking for the candidate who can beat I believe I’m that candidate ; we have a chance to surprise people tomorrow.
What am I hearing from the people in New Hampshire? It’s simple:1. Who can beat Trump?2. How are you going to get anything done? 3. Our schools, infrastructure, health care, and resources aren’t as good as they used to be, and we need to start investing in America again. 
Good morning Manchester! About to join — tune into MSNBC to hear what we’re doing in these final 24 hours before the  primary 
Thank you to Stefan from Concord for your support. Durable and lasting change. That’s how we overcome a broken Washington.  
I’m experienced enough to know how to get the job done, and I’m the right generation to do it. 
We don’t have 10 years to waste on a losing battle for Medicare for All. We can cut costs and cover everyone in three years with my Medicare-X plan to offer people a government healthcare option. 
Captain Flint and Pepper made their debut! 
“We will get a turnout like you’ve never believed before... He can lead us to victory and more importantly almost guarantee that we pick up the United States Senate.”Thank you, That's what we're here to do because winning the White House is just step one. 
We won in 2018 on offense.And we can win in 2020 if we stay on offense.That means protecting and building on the Affordable Care Act with a public option, not taking away choice with Medicare for All.
Team Bennet could think of no better way to celebrate  in New Hampshire than by having a pizza party to go with tonight's  phone banking. Thanks to everyone who joined and the team!  
 “The old school district I ran had a budget of 3x the size of mayor Pete's hometown of South Bend, IA…. I think it's really im…
 ; I’m still laughing 
Thank you for the late-night town hall and engaging questions, You have the chance to make a difference Tuesday. Let’s get out there and surprise some people.   
A snowy Sunday night in Littleton.  
Only two days until the New Hampshire primary. One of the best parts of the over 80 events we’ve done here has been driving all over this state. Today’s North Country didn’t disappoint.  
Thanks, That's what this is all about. Fighting to leave Caroline, Halina ; Anne Bennet, Nelson ; Kathryn Swalwell, and kids across this country a future we are proud of. 
Update: We made it to the convenience store 
 It’s not an exaggeration to says Sen. Bennet is New Hampshire’s hardest worker. Four (of five) Dixville Notch voters jo…
When Anne doesn’t want to wear shoes.  
We’re in Dixville Notch, home of the  primary where residents cast votes at midnight. My family ; I are deeply grateful to them for sitting down with us today. New Hampshire is central to my campaign because of traditions like this—where face-to-face conversations matter. 
Tune in at 7 p.m. ET to for my conversation with last night in Manchester about how we beat Donald Trump and make real progress for America's families.(And yes, Kasie was smart to wear gloves. I, however, was not.) 
 Saw at packed event Sat.  I’m more impressed that he headed back to Coos County today (Berlin, Littleton…
 In a last-minute pitch to New Hampshire voters, Democratic presidential candidate talks about his Medicare-X plan…
 Michael Bennet delivers remarks at the 61st Annual McIntyre-Shaheen 100 Club Dinner in Manchester, NH. 
Don't miss the interview with that ended with head on her desk and my arms up in the air. It's a sight to see.
Next stop: 
“We’re a little bit of something in the middle of nothing,” a Berlin resident told me. It’s a similar story in rural communities in Colorado ; across the country. People are trying to hold onto their schools ; hospitals—and we must do more to invest in them. 
I’m the only candidate in this election who has won two tough races in a swing state, evenly split between Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. I know how to take on Trump and win. 
Our kids don't have time to improve their own schools or fix our broken immigration system or make work pay in this country.That's our job. And together, we can do it. 
The history of Berlin is visible in our conversation today: families of farmers and foresters that go back generations. Grateful to everyone who came out to share their stories.  
Sliding into our first North Country town hall like... 
From Trump to McConnell, we have to save our democracy in 2020. 
Trump is the expert at being born on third base and claiming to hit a triple. He touts massive economic success, but if he were creating jobs at the rate Obama did, there would be 1M more jobs today—not to mention how much he's cost farmers ; driven up the debt. 
Thank you to Christine from Penacook for your support. So if you want a president who’s focused on the next generation, and not just the next tweet, join us. 
Packed in and heading up to the North Country on our  Looks a little different than our Rockies, but the mountains still feel like home.   
Bennet girls are on the trail today. Look out for some social media takeovers that I definitely did not approve of...  
Together, we can win the White House.We can keep the House.And we can take back the Senate.Thanks for joining us yesterday, New Hampshire. Let’s turn some heads on Tuesday. 
 Here's James Carville making the case for Michael Bennet. 
 After the chaos in Iowa, New Hampshire takes center stage in the race for president. Make sure you tune in tomorrow for a pack…
 Few presidential candidates have spent more time than in New Hampshire with nearly 100 events. Sunday he join…
 James Carville with  Carville says “We have a much better chance of winning the Senate with Bennet as the…
LIVE NOW: On air with on talking about the final 40 hours leading up to the  primary 
We shouldn’t feel burdened by the weight of this moment in history.We should feel privileged to live in a time and place where we can make a difference.New Hampshire, let’s do that together this Tuesday. 
Thank you, New Hampshire! You’ve bucked conventional wisdom before ; this is your chance to reset the race with a candidate who can beat Trump ; govern the country again. I hope to be that candidate.On Tuesday, let’s surprise some people ; turn some heads.   
 Thanks to Senator for his inspiring words and spirited speech at tonight’s McIntyre-Shaheen 100 Club Event!
How do we get things done for the American people? We win.How do we win? With an agenda that unites a broad coalition for change.How do I know that? I’ve done it — twice — in a swing state. 
Our kids don't have time to improve their own schools or fix our broken immigration system.That's our job. And we're failing them right now.But together, we can change that — starting Tuesday, New Hampshire.  
I committed to spend more time in New Hampshire than any other candidate, and today we held our 50th town hall in the last 10 weeks. I’ll answer every last question and always tell the truth. That’s how we beat Trump. 
 Now: - "I've spent more time in NH than any other candidate for president ... today I had my 50th town hall. I've…
On stage now with the for  here: 
I couldn’t agree more with The Senate cannot be an afterthought. We need a nominee who has the experience ; agenda to campaign around the country—especially in swing states—and help down-ballot candidates win.  
I’ll tell you this, New Hampshire:If you defy conventional wisdom, and you surprise some people, there’s no end to what we can achieve together.
Listen to what envisions can happen on Tuesday, if we all do what we have to do to turn out the vote: 
“55% of the people in this country don’t want to be president. It is up to the Democratic Party to provide that nominee that fills in that 55%. It is without a doubt Michael Bennet.” - 
“There is no doubt in my mind that Senator Bennet would be the best President ... He would be by far the strongest general election candidate we have.” - 
This election should be about economic issues—giving people the right to a middle-class life ; restoring opportunity for everyone—not about the latest trend on twitter.   
You go out, you tell the truth, and you try. That’s what we’re going to do.   
Not a bad way to kick things off. Straight from New Orleans: 
Just wrapped up a rally with the self-proclaimed Ragin Cajun He also happens to be the last Democratic strategist to defeat an incumbent Republican president. He came to NH with one message: Give our campaign a shot on Tuesday, and we will go on to beat Trump. 
 After holding a press conference together, and are holding a rally to a large crowd 
 ; I’m still laughing...
 Iconic democratic strategist has thrown his support behind in the 2020 race. I sat down with both…
 There are currently more people at an event for in Manchester than there were for a few hours ago…
Kicking off town hall  with This is how we build a coalition for change, New Hampshire.  IN HERE: 
Here we go.   
Backstage with Anne. About to head into a rally with the Ragin Cajun   
This just happened. 
 Live from Manchester: sits down with ; on 
What’s happening in New Hampshire this weekend? Turn on MSNBC to find out... 
Backstage in Manchester, about to go on MSNBC with ; Tune in! 
The courts touch every aspect of our lives, and that's why we’ve got to organize, mobilize, and get out to vote to ensure we have a Democratic president and Senate. Our democracy depends on it.  
Proud to support the Women’s Health Protection Act alongside Nancy Northup. Great to see you today at  
 "We now have judges who are getting lifetime appointments who will not say whether Brown vs. Board of Educa…
TUNE IN: I'm live now at  &gt;&gt;
Russia engaged in a divisive social media disinformation campaign during 2016 — and it's clear the danger remains for 2020.Chip in $10 for shipping ; we’ll send you a free copy of my book, "Dividing America: How Russia Hacked Social Media and Democracy":  
 Had the pleasure of sharing eggs ; rye toast in Manchester with our  contest winner Nancy and her friend Margy. Can’t beat a diner stop, new friends ; a conversation about saving our democracy.  
This National Gun Violence Survivors Week, I'm joining people across the nation to lift up the voices of survivors. Together, we can build a movement for change. 
A presidential debate finally asks how we tackle child poverty. I’m the only candidate with a plan to do it—my  cuts child poverty in half in a year.Add my plans for housing, jobs, skills ; higher incomes ; we can end child poverty in a generation. 
If we run on an agenda that Democrats up and down the ballot in swing states can run on, we’ll beat Trump and build the coalition we need to make real progress for America’s families. 
Trump is the expert at being born on third base and claiming to hit a triple. He touts massive economic success, but if he were creating jobs at the rate Obama did, there would be 1M more jobs today—not to mention how much he's cost farmers ; driven up the debt. 
We need an agenda that will actually make progress for America’s families. That’s what I’ve got. And tomorrow, joins me in Manchester to make clear why it’s the agenda to win. 
From Donald Trump's disregard for the rule of law to Mitch McConnell's obstruction, our democracy is at risk. We are the ones who have to save it. 
If we're on offense on health care with my public option plan, we'll beat Donald Trump. There's no reason to defend stripping families of choice with Medicare for All when Trump is first president to take health care away from millions. 
I speak the truth. That's how you beat Trump.Here are the facts:❌One million fewer jobs created under Trump than under Obama❌Farm bankruptcies up ❌Farm income down  
Up next: with 
Live now on from Manchester ahead of Tuesday’s  primary 
 "We've got to take Donald Trump on with the facts. on 
 Senator is staking his campaign on a strong showing in Tuesday's primary here in New Hampshire. Tonight, he…
Asked about education today at our 49th town hall. I often say I wish preschool kids voted, because maybe we would be more focused on policies that actually make a difference for the students I used to work for in the Denver Public Schools.  
It’s finally snowing in New Hampshire! Walking up to a meet ; greet in Laconia. As the son of a librarian, I love a good library.  
 HAPPENING RIGHT NOW:In a Manchester NH barber shop, C-SPAN crew captures  getting his hair cut... 
  interviewing mid haircut  
 A truly serendipitous interview with fro and
Visits with Roland have been one of the highlights of spending so much time in the Granite State. Glad to get one last cut in before primary day.  
Four days until the  primary, so need to look fresh.Thank you to Roland for the cut AND the endorsement.And - yours isn't so bad either... 
 BREAKING: Roland the barber endorses  live in  live shot — “his vocabulary is better tha…
  arrives for a haircut at Abdul’s International Cuts here downtown Manchester  
Thank you to everyone who joined our town hall in Manchester this afternoon!If any employee at this firm tweeted the way did, you’d be called in to HR. We shouldn’t have a different standard for our president.   
“Young people are bringing life and hope into this city.”  Jess dePontbriandThe work Jess ; others are doing to create opportunities for young people to participate in a thriving community is critical to our country’s future.   
Companies that are purpose-driven and that treat their employees well are retaining young people ; engaging them differently. “If the government is a reflection of business, hopefully we will start to see a similar shift.” - Nashua entrepreneur Amber Logue 
“You’re supposed to look up to [elected leaders]. just made a mockery of it. He shouldn’t be able to shame people. That creates a divide, and we’re supposed to come together as a country and build people up. ” - Nashua entrepreneur Danielle Godfrey 
“This has been more about how do we cut taxes instead of how do we invest in our future. We need a vision for where America is going.”  Michael Reinke That's what the  is all about. It's time we invest in the middle class ; lift kids out of poverty. 
Sitting down with Nashua business leaders, including president, Executive Director, yoga studio owner, digital entrepreneur ; more. Thank you to Jess for convening such a thoughtful group committed to revitalizing your city.   
 What’s a road trip without an excellent playlist? Kicking off today’s leg of the  with some Baby Huey ; the Babysitters. 
Glad to have former Commissioner Tom Burack and State Rep. Gary Woods on our team! 
“Our education system is actually reinforcing the income inequality we have as a country because the vast predictor of the quality of a kid’s education, and how far they go with their education, is their parents’ income." More from the  
Thank you to Stephen from Laconia for your support. We can’t tackle our challenges with plans that get ripped out at the end of the next election cycle. We need a broad coalition for change so we can advance durable solutions to last generations.  
Grateful to have longtime  activist ; small business owner Will Kanteres on our team! With an agenda that can unite a broad coalition, we can win the White House and down-ballot races across the country, so we can make real and lasting change. 
 Thank you to Robert ; Crystal for hosting us tonight in Brentwood. It's evenings like this in communities across New Hampshire—where we engage with friends ; neighbors in the fight for our democracy ; kids' future—that will get our country back on track.  
 We can’t win in November with empty promises and free stuff.We need The Real Deal — an agenda that’s progressive, paid for, and popular.That’s how we’ll make Donald Trump a one-term president and send Mitch McConnell packing.  
 Day  Stop  on the  An employee town hall at in Stratham."Nature Needs Heroes" and each one of us must be part of the fight.Thank you for the opportunity to meet with a purpose-driven company so dedicated to sustainability and service. 
 In the last 20 years, we spent $10 trillion on tax cuts for the rich ; wars in the Middle East. We could’ve fixed every road. We could have created free preschool. But we did nothing.The Real Deal is about investing in our kids ; country once again.  
First stop on our  is the need to restore a government that reflects the Rotarians’ four-way test for what we say and do: truth, fairness, goodwill ; benefit for all.That would be leadership our kids can be proud of. 
Instead of thinking about the next generation, members of Congress are thinking like politicians. That’s why they’ve racked up the national debt without investing in our schools, roads ; bridges, mental health resources ; more. We can do better for our kids ; grandkids.
And we're off! I’m criss-crossing New Hampshire on our  in the final days ahead of the  primary, sharing my progressive, paid-for, and popular agenda with Granite Staters.Read more about it at  
22% of kids live in poverty in this country, ; if you don’t have food ; housing, you can’t show up to school ready to learn. My plan to massively increase the child tax credit would give families at least $3000 a year per kid, cutting childhood poverty by 40% in just one year.
We are treating America’s kids like they are someone else’s kids, and it’s unacceptable.  We have to address preschool through higher education as a coherent arc—including the transitions where students too often fall through the cracks.  
There is nothing more at war with who we are as Americans than the fact that if you’re born poor in this country, your chances of going to college are 9 in 100.  
The issue we don’t talk about enough is that college costs too much. We must solve the student loan crisis, but we also have to solve the root of the problem. As president, I would convene governors ; university presidents to find the right incentives to lower higher ed costs.
WATCH NOW: I'm live at the College Costs ; Debt in the 2020 Elections forum at the talking about  and other ways we must invest in the next generation. 
Thank you to Samuel for asking about disability rights at our town hall in Concord this past weekend. From fully funding IDEA, to ensuring inclusivity in K-12 education and filling gaps in coverage after high school, here's what I had to say: 
Thank you for your support, Tracey!Together, we can move the country forward. And we do it by building a coalition for change with an agenda that unites, not divides.   
New Hampshire — I'm here to earn your support by going town hall to town hall ; talking to every voter across the state as part of our  in the final days before the  primary. Watch tonight at 5PM for my sit down with to hear more! 
 A question on a lot of minds at this moment: Can American democracy survive? answer is worth watching: 
Grateful to have the endorsement of frontline House member who knows what it takes to win in an Obama-Trump district. 
 INBOX: Maine Rep. endorses for PresidentThis is Bennet's first congressional endorsement…
  lands ex-DES Comm. Tom Burack of Hopkinton and State  Rep/former NH Med Soc. Prez Gary Woods. Burack cite…
 Now on - NH Primary Source: picks up endorsements from state Rep.  Gary Woods, former environmental com…
 Now on - NH Primary Source: picks up endorsements from state Rep.  Gary Woods, former environmental commis…
As the only person in this race to win two tough elections in a swing state, I know what it takes to build a broad coalition for change. That’s how we make progress for America’s families. 
While the Senate may have failed a test to save our democracy, my prayer for the country is that the American people won't do the same.  I'm optimistic that we won't—we have never failed it before. And I don't think we'll fail it in our time.  
The idea that we would turn our back and close our eyes to evidence pounding on the outside of the doors of this Capitol is pitiful. It is disgraceful. And it will be a stain on this body for all time. 
We're the only body on the planet charged with the responsibility of determining guilt or innocence. And we can't even bring ourselves to have witnesses ; evidence in a fair trial. Today, we failed in our duty to the American people. 
Glad to have Caroline from Andover on our team!  
 Senators are delivering floor speeches in the Trump impeachment trial. Here's a Democrat running for president.…
Our diversity and our pluralism is our strength. It’s why my mom and her parents could come to this country to rebuild their shattered lives after the Holocaust, and it's what makes us a beacon still today. 
As I said at our town hall in Dover on Sunday, the  is an existential threat. And so is having a climate denier in the White House. 
Officially on the ballot in Oregon!Together, we can build more opportunity for the next generation and make Donald Trump a one-term president. 
This campaign is for our kids. We’ve got a lot of work to do to ensure the next generation is better off than we are, and with the help of supporters like Kamal, we can and will do it.   
Thank you to Bow Selectman Harry Judd for your support. Together, we can build a broad coalition for change and make progress for America's families.   
 
 at  : “Economy is the best it’s ever been.”Truth: 
Grateful for this endorsement from a Dem who knows what it takes to win in the middle of the country on issues like healthcare, jobs ; infrastructure. Beating Trump is not enough—we must win a majority in Congress. New Hampshire, ; I are coming for you Saturday. 
 James Carville, 75, most high profile backer, echoing this point on right now -- and…
We are so grateful to our supporters ; donors who have shown remarkable character, persistence, and commitment since we launched this campaign last May. Help us run through the tape in New Hampshire at 
We are exactly one week from the  primary. Our goal is to exceed expectations and surge on February 11th, by:- Continuing to build momentum across the state- Getting our message in front of more voters with TV ads- Capitalizing on the chaos coming out of Iowa
The number of undecided voters at this time in the race is unprecedented, and voters are not convinced the leading candidates have what it takes to beat Trump. In short, the race is unsettled—even more so after the events of last night.
 “While chaos emerged in Iowa last night, Michael was in New Hampshire holding a town hall and talking to voters,”
NEW: Strategic Memo from Bennet for AmericaWhile chaos emerged in Iowa last night, we were in New Hampshire holding a town hall and talking to voters. It goes without saying, the events of last night validated our New Hampshire-first approach. 
 “It goes without saying, the events of last night validated our New Hampshire-first approach,” Daniel Barash, Bennet’s campaign…
While chaos emerged in Iowa last night, I was in New Hampshire holding a town hall ; talking to voters.I’ve made it clear that my flag is planted in the Granite State ; I intend to exceed expectations in the primary to have the momentum ; money to catapult us forward.  
Everlasting gratitude to Jeff Harris. Join us at  
 I'm running for president to save our democracy. So we can pass this nation down to our kids and grandkids. And so we can set an example for the rest of the world.
You can’t escape history—none of us can. This is a reminder of how important America is to the rest of the world. We’ve been imperfect, but we've always fought to make our country more fair, democratic ; free. doesn’t comprehend this, much less agree with it.
I was asked at a town hall tonight about my family's history. My mom was a Polish Jew who survived the Holocaust ; rebuilt her shattered life in the United States. My dad’s family fled religious persecution ; arrived on the Mayflower. This story is only possible in America.
  has arrived and is ready for questions. Lots of volunteers and staff are in attendance to hear his p…
LIVE NOW: We’re at our 47th town hall in New Hampshire. Voters are just making up their minds, and I’m going to be in the Granite State when they do. Watch on Facebook Live here:  
We’re live at our 47th town hall in Manchester. Every voter is still trying to decide who can beat Trump, and I’m best positioned to do that. Tune in: 
Yesterday in Dublin, a woman said to me, “Everybody talks about how climate change is a crisis. I haven’t heard anybody talk about what they would do about it. What would you DO?”Here’s part of what I had to say: 
The Real Deal will not only galvanize the Democratic base, but it will also help us win back some of the nine million people who voted twice for Barack Obama and then for Donald Trump.That's how we move the country forward.
My Real Deal agenda is one that can bring people together to actually made progress. It isn't empty promises or free stuff. It's how we beat Trump, win back the Senate, and actually govern. 
 SPEAKER ANNOUNCEMENT:Excited to announce that will be speaking at the NHCD Celebration!! Join us on the…
Voters are less decided today than they were 6 months ago, and they’re rightly asking: Who can beat Trump? As a senator from a swing state with an agenda that can unify people, I’m the right candidate to take on Trump and help Democrats win up ; down the ballot in November. 
 To beat Donald Trump, we need the opposite of Donald Trump. That’s who I am.  Join us at  
 Remember when I said if you elect me president, you won't have to think about me for two weeks at a time so you can raise your kids and live your lives? We can’t afford four more years of sleepless nights because of Trump.  
 The ACA has always been unfinished business because some people remain uncovered. Americans need better health care now. We have no time to waste.  We can achieve universal health care and cut costs in three years with a public option.  
 I wrote the damn bill for a public option plan to give families choice ; lower costs. I've led this effort for 10 years—unlike others who have flip-flopped or put Democrats on defense—because it's the fastest ; best way to cover everyone. 
 If we're on offense on health care with my public option plan, we'll beat Donald Trump. There's no reason to defend stripping families of choice with Medicare for All when Trump is first president to take health care away from millions.  
 In 2009, I voted for the Affordable Care Act even when I was told I’d lose my election over it. Then I went to the reddest parts of my state to defend it, because I knew it was a fight worth fighting. 
Tune in: Joining now on MSNBC
 My family wants to make the choice about what’s right for us, and I believe that’s true for all families. Under my Medicare-X healthcare plan, everyone who hates their private insurance is now going to have the choice of a public option. 
 You can't be progressive without actually making progress. Instead of empty promises of free stuff, we need to transform the lives of millions of Americans with an agenda that is progressive, paid for, and popular. That's The Real Deal. 
 Walking door to door as Denver superintendent—a district with 95,000 students, mostly kids of color ; living in poverty—I saw what it's like when families struggle to afford a decent middle-class life. That's what The Real Deal is about. 
 People who come to my town halls say what keeps them up at night is that they're working really hard, but can't afford a decent middle-class life. We can change that with The Real Deal. 
 We have an historic opportunity to make lasting progress for families and workers across the country and restore opportunity with an agenda that is progressive, fully paid for, and popular. It's The Real Deal. 
 When I went from the private sector to the public sector and eventually became superintendent of Denver schools, I knew assembling a team of people who were better at their jobs than I could ever be was how we'd do the most good. 
 ; I met on the East Coast but we wanted to build our life out West. She got her dream job as an environmental lawyer, and I followed her to Colorado, where we bought our home, renovated it ourselves, and started our family. 
As a kid who experienced dyslexia, I know how important it is to have teachers who care and help you persevere. 
My mom and her parents were Polish Jews who survived the Holocaust. My father's family came over on the Mayflower. My family's story has shaped who I am and why I'm running for president. 
The  digital series shares a firsthand look at my background, experiences, and why I’m running for president. As you decide who you think can beat Donald Trump and make real progress for you and your family, check it out here ↓
Everyone at our town hall in Dublin tonight asked tough questions, followed up with more questions, ; demanded better of our democracy. Our conversation on climate, guns, debt—and how to be strategic so we create solutions that last—is what we need to move this country forward. 
Town hall 45 of 50 is in the books! Thank you to everyone who came out in Concord today to join in our democracy and our fight for the next generation.Find our next town hall near you at   
The Real Deal is an agenda that Democrats in blue, red, and purple places can run on and win with. It's not empty promises or free stuff. It's how we actually make progress for America's families. 
 Did you know that people of color are more burdened by student loans than white borrowers? joined us to…
 "Our education system is actually reinforcing the economic inequality we have in this country." - Senator 
  says this event in  is town hall  of 50 in  ahead of  Primary. “I decided to run for p…
 New on - NH Primary Source: Longtime strategist to campaign for ahead of  primary;…
 New on - NH Primary Source: Longtime strategist to campaign for ahead of  primary; "Ra…
 Join us on Saturday, February 8th at 3:30 p.m. at the Sweeney Post in Manchester. Get your ticket here: 
Excited to announce that is joining us for a rally in Manchester on Saturday!I agree with James: We need to beat and end Trumpism with Democratic wins up and down the ballot — and I’ve got the agenda and experience to do it. 
Good morning from Dover! We’re just over a week out from the  primary, kicking off a full day in the Granite State. 
To me, they are Founders, just as much as those who wrote the Constitution.They made our union more perfect and moved us closer to the promise we wrote down more than 200 years ago.
As we start  we remember the many Americans—from Frederick Douglass to Zora Neale Hurston to Dr. King—who fought to make this country more democratic, more fair, and more free.
While I was in Washington for impeachment, was criss-crossing New Hampshire on my behalf! From Peterborough, to Salem, to Hooksett, Granite Staters are looking for an agenda that will beat Donald Trump and move our country forward.   
We have to create a new set of politics—to build a constituency for change out in the country to overcome a broken Washington. That’s what The Real Deal is all about, my economic agenda that will unify, not divide, Americans.  
In Merrimack tonight for a conversation with New Hampshire voters, who are just starting to make up their minds about who can beat and I’m going to be here when they do. We have to make Trump a one-term president and start governing the country again.  
For some context: This is FOUR TIMES the cost of the House investigation keeps complaining about. 
As a candidate, said "I'm going to be working for you. I'm not going to have time to go play golf."As president, he's golfed 114 times at a taxpayer cost of $125 million.To recap: he lied, he slacked off, and then he charged us for it. 
Thank you to New Hampshire Democratic activist for your support in the today!The number one thing voters are worried about is who can beat Donald Trump, and I know I have the agenda and experience to do it.  
The most existential question I’ve been asked on the trail was from a woman in Des Moines: “Can western democracy solve climate change?” The answer has everything to do with why I’m running for president.
Thank you for your support, Brad!I’ve said this from the beginning: This campaign is about telling the truth, even when it’s tough. That's how we move the country forward. 
Fran is right. The number one goal is to beat Trump, and I have the agenda and experience to do it. It’s not empty promises of free stuff — it’s a plan to unite us and move the country forward.   
Making progress. That’s what this campaign is all about. If that’s what you’re looking for, join us at  
New Hampshire State Rep. Marjorie Smith knows what it takes to win and to lead. I'm honored to have her support as we build a stronger future for the next generation. 
 NOW on - Sen. draws electability contrast with Warren, Sanders in final pitch TV ad; Colorado senator s…
 NOW on - Sen. draws electability contrast with Warren, Sanders in final pitch TV ad; Colorado senator stre…
I’m the candidate who can actually beat Trump.I’ve won two hard races in Colorado, a state a lot like New Hampshire — not much like Massachusetts or Vermont.I’m experienced enough to know how to get the job done, and I’m the right generation to do it. 
Anti-poverty leader knows what it takes to win in New Hampshire and to transform the lives of millions. I’m grateful and humbled to have him on our team.   
Thank you to Paul LeBlanc, president of Southern New Hampshire University, and his wife, attorney and professor Patricia Findlen, for your support in this race. As the first school superintendent to ever run for president, I'll fight for the next generation every single day. 
My friend is a committed public servant who has fought—; will keep fighting—for the future of our country. His voice will continue to be important as we build an innovative economy that meets the challenges of our time. I'll miss seeing him ; his family on the trail.
Bringing people together into a broad coalition for change is how we’ll make real progress for America’s families. Glad to have you on our team, Ellen! 
Thank you to for welcoming us to your farm and for your support in today's 
 As president, I'll always tell you the truth—which I've done for 10 years representing Colorado, a state a lot like Iowa—; I’ll put the interests of you ; your family first.
  presidency has been a load of broken promises. That's the opposite of how I work.
 Citing decreased demand as farmers struggle to find stability, has laid off more than 100 workers at its eastern Iowa plants—another consequence of this president’s harmful decisions.
 Instead of standing with Iowa’s farmers and growers, stood with his wealthy donors and corporate interests, granting small refinery waivers to companies like Exxon — clearly not a small, local business.
 Farm bankruptcies rose 24% last year compared to 2018 and total farm debt hit a record high. Nearly 40% of farm income came from the federal government. In Iowa, chapter 12 bankruptcy filings were above 10-year highs.
 U.S. agricultural exports are down $4.5 billion, due in large part to reduced soybean and corn exports — crops Iowa’s farmers and growers rely on to stay in business.
 President Trump’s reckless trade war has cost U.S. GDP $134 billion to date, exposed farmers and ranchers to retaliation, and sacrificed overseas markets in Asia to foreign competitors. estimates that Trump’s tariffs will cost the average family over $1,200 this year.
Donald Trump is coming to Iowa tonight, but he's not going to tell Iowans the truth about the economy, his trade war, or their futures. Just as ; agriculture leaders did in Iowa today, I’m going to lay out some truth. THREAD →
I wrote the comprehensive immigration reform bill that passed the Senate with 68 bipartisan votes in 2013.A small group of tyrants called the Freedom Caucus blocked the House vote.We have to build a broad coalition for change to overcome their obstruction and make progress. 
On December 6th, I committed to hold 50 New Hampshire town halls in the final 10 weeks before the primary. This weekend, we’ll hit  and I know we’re just getting started.Find a town hall near you at    
Harry Judd has been serving his community for nearly two decades, and he knows what we need to move the country forward. I'm honored to have his support.  
  on "[He] is a serious candidate for president. For one thing, he's the only candidate in t…
Throwback to when tweets looked like this in 2009. Happy 19th birthday, Halina. Hope you’re scoring some cake today.  
 “We’re the only industrialized country in the world that doesn’t have paid family leave” — Senator
I’ve got the experience and the agenda to take on As the only candidate in the race to win two elections in a swing state — I know what it takes to win and actually make progress. 
 Democratic 2020 candidate says his top issues in the campaign are making sure work pays in this country and endin…
 Michael Bennet tells reporters of the Senate right now: "I'm legitimately worried that this place is being run by
If you can lift kids out of poverty, good things happen to their education. But it has to be a priority. Grateful to work with and to share my plans for transforming our education system.  
 I wish preschoolers voted. - Senator 
State Rep. Cahill knows what it takes to win in New Hampshire, and we’re glad to have him with us.  
 is the former chair of the Concord school board, so she knows a thing or two about fighting for the next generation.That's why I'm running for president. Because we owe our kids a future they can be proud of.
Officially on the ballot in Kentucky!As the only candidate who has won two races in a swing state, I know what it takes to win in tough places, and I've got an agenda that Democrats up and down ballot can run on, not away from. 
Out of 330 million Americans, there are 100 people with the responsibility to decide if we hear from witnesses.If we have any respect for the institution we serve, we should be establishing the standard of conduct we expect from the president of the United States. 
Thank you to former Concord school board chair David Ruedig for your support.As the first school superintendent to ever run for president, I will lead from the White House with one central question in mind: Will this help or hurt the next generation?
This is the people’s democracy, and the Senate should vote in line with the 75% of Americans who want witnesses to testify.Call your Senators at 202-224-3121 to demand witnesses. Too much is at stake to sit this out. 
Thank you to New Hampshire State Rep. for her support. Together, we can build opportunity for our kids and leave them the healthy planet they deserve. 
 We're live with What questions do you have for him?
Officially on the ballot in Hawaii!In communities across the country, far too many families are working incredibly hard, but struggling to afford a good middle-class life. That’s why I’m running. 
Thank you to for your support! Together, we can unite a broad coalition of Americans to take back the White House. 
I’ve heard from Iowans from river to river who are concerned about toxic PFAS chemicals in their water. As president, I’ll build on the work I’ve done in the Senate to ensure every Iowan has access to safe drinking water. 
Officially on the ballot in Wyoming!I'm the only candidate who has won two races in a swing state. I know what it takes to win in tough places and what it’s going to take to beat Donald Trump in 2020. 
Thank you, Mike! By building a broad coalition for change, we can beat Donald Trump in 2020, take back the Senate, and hold the House. Together, we can move our country forward. 
 “I really appreciate that question because education is one of the most important things that I hear about on the campaig…
Officially on the ballot in West Virginia!As the only candidate who has won two races in a swing state, I know what it takes to win in tough places, and I've got an agenda that Democrats up and down ballot can run on, not away from. 
Thank you, Elinor, for your support! As the first school superintendent to run for president, everything I do is through the lens of building the future our kids deserve. 
As the youngest person ever elected to City Council in Iowa City, as well as former elected County Attorney, J. Patrick White knows what it takes to win. Grateful to have you with us. 
Officially on the ballot for Democrats abroad!Thank you for the work you do to mobilize American voters living abroad — who face major barriers to participating in our democracy — to make sure every voice is heard. 
As a local community leader and leading Democratic activist in Manchester, I’m humbled and grateful for Will’s support. Together, we can beat Donald Trump and make lasting progress for families across the country.  
We remember to ensure evils of the past are not repeated in the future. We remember to banish bigotry and hatred from our society. We remember to teach our children that today and every day, we have a responsibility to 
This  is the 75th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz. As a child, my mom hid in Poland ; survived the atrocities of the Nazi regime. The rest of her family—except her parents ; aunt—are among the 6 million Jews ; millions of others 
In New Hampshire yesterday, I took more than 34 unscreened voter questions ; every question from press. I'll keep answering the tough questions, so we can have the candid conversations we need to move this country forward.  
More than half of NH voters are undecided because they aren’t sure the front runners can beat Trump.I know I can. I’m the only candidate who’s won two tough elections in a swing state, and I have an agenda that will unite a broad coalition. I’m the opposite of Trump. 
If we can’t stand up to the president under circumstances like this, there will be no checks and balances left. Republican Senators have to ask themselves, is there any respect left for our institutions? 
 "It shows you what level we've sunk to. This president has utter contempt for Congress, I think the American people ... If we…
Live now with talking about the latest on the impeachment trial ; 2020 election 
New Hampshire State Rep. Joyce Fulweiler has spent a lifetime in public service, and I am honored to have her support. 
I'm all in on New Hampshire—a place a lot like Colorado, where I’ve felt a connection to the people and the swing-state politics since my first trip. Between now and the  primary, I'll be holding town halls across the state to answer every question and earn every vote. 
We're up to 42 events in our 50 town hall commitment in New Hampshire! Check out the coverage of yesterday's events and my plans for the final two weeks.  
Thank you to Chester Selectman Steve D’Angelo for hosting us at his home today. Each of us, engaging in our democracy, is how we’ll move our country forward.   
  adds, "...And I hope that you'll give me an opportunity to earn your vote over the coming two weeks, tha…
 In Nashua, NH this afternoon, stressed the role of the NH primary:"New Hampshire has an amazing ability…
Finishing the night at a house party in Manchester, surrounded by Granite State voters who are committed to restoring our democracy ; bringing integrity back to the White House. That’s the work we have to do in this election ; the work that will continue for our lifetimes.  
 NEW on - redoubles NH commitment, to spend all campaign time in Granite State through  primary; Color…
 NEW on - redoubles NH commitment, to spend all campaign time in Granite State through  primary; Co…
As a former school superintendent, I am far more interested in free preschool than I am in free college.  
I’m here in New Hampshire to earn your vote. I’ll answer every last question in town halls across the state, because that’s the candid conversation we need to move the country forward.   
I’m the only candidate who’s won in a swing state—; I’ve done it twice. That’s really different than running in Massachusetts or Vermont. This is critical, because to beat ; win the Senate, we have to win in the middle of the country ; build a broad coalition. 
 Hi Sandy — You can find our upcoming town halls at  We have two more events today if you can make it!
We’re LIVE at our 40th town hall in New Hampshire. Watch on Facebook here:  
 From the Editorial Board: “impressed.” “He boasts a resume of accomplishment in several s…
Thank you to everyone who took time on a Sunday morning for this discussion. When we’re thinking about policy, we need to focus on both the intended ; unintended consequences. Listening ; taking notes is how I do this work. I can’t tell you how grateful I am.
Childhood poverty costs our country at least a trillion dollars a year. As president, I would commit to ending childhood poverty in the next eight years.  
Heard from another grandparent today who is raising her granddaughter because of the devastating effect of the  epidemic. We have to invest in greater resources ; hold drug manufacturers accountable. And we have to support families bearing the brunt of this crisis.
“There are so many things working against working parents.” This is Avery, she’s nine months old. Her grandmother talked today about the exorbitant cost of child care and the barriers for those in the workforce, like her son, Avery’s dad. 
My American Family Act to expand the child tax credit would give families the real boost they need to afford a decent middle-class life. It would also do more to lift kids out of poverty than any other proposal put forward in this primary race.  
Joining this morning in Concord. As the first superintendent to ever run for president, I will lead from the White House with one central question in mind: Will this help or hurt the next generation?Watch our conversation here:  
 Off to knock doors for   
American patriots have risked their jobs and futures to testify in favor of our democracy. They are doing their duty and so should we. 
The foreign policy interests of the United States should come before the president’s personal political gain. Period. 
We have a job here to protect the democracy and the Constitution. There is no one else to do it. 
Our current education system reinforces the inequality in our society, instead of liberating kids from it. I got into this race to build more opportunity for the next generation. Glad to have Roy Romer with me in this fight to put all kids on a path to success! 
We’re 38 town halls into our 50 town hall commitment, and I’m here to answer every last question. Find a town hall near you at   
Officially on the ballot in Wisconsin!I'm the only candidate who has won two races in a swing state. I know what it takes to win in tough places and what it’s going to take to beat Donald Trump in 2020. 
Thank you, Robert, for your support. Together, we can restore integrity to government and make progress for the next generation.
Voters are asking one question in this election: Who can beat Donald Trump? I’m in New Hampshire this weekend to answer that question.  
Whether it's Colorado or Iowa or New Hampshire, I hear the same thing in my town halls: People are working incredibly hard, but can't afford a decent middle-class life.We need The Real Deal to make progress for America's families. 
Back in New Hampshire with a full day of open press events starting bright and early tomorrow. Voters haven’t made up their minds, and I’m going to be here when they do.See where we’ll be next at   
Officially on the ballot in Louisiana!As the only candidate who has won two races in a swing state, I know what it takes to win in tough places, and I've got an agenda that Democrats up and down ballot can run on, not away from. 
 and Ohio Governor Dick Celeste kicked off a great  canvass in Exeter this morning. Door by door, town hall by town hall, we can beat Donald Trump and build opportunity for the next generation. 
Just boarded a plane to campaign in New Hampshire for the rest of the weekend. See you soon 
You can't be progressive without actually making progress. Instead of empty promises of free stuff, we need to transform the lives of millions of Americans with an agenda that is progressive, paid for, and popular. That's The Real Deal.  
Had a great time visiting in Dublin, NH recently. Thank you to farmer for your support and kind words in the today:  
 made one of the greatest speeches in American history last night. Right matters. The truth matters. 
We cannot allow our checks and balances to crumble. 
The Real Deal is a progressive, popular, and paid for agenda.It’s how we win in blue states, red states, and swing states and make progress for America’s families. 
Jim Lehrer set the standard for what journalism should look like. His work, voice, and values will be greatly missed.
Walking door to door as superintendent of schools in Denver—a district with 95,000 students, mostly kids of color ; living in poverty—I saw what it looks like when families struggle to afford a decent middle-class life. That's what The Real Deal is all about.  
 If you agree we need to end the tyranny of and the Freedom Caucus and actually make lasting progress for American families, get your very own Ted Cruz crocodile tears water bottle today → 
 While my state was flooded in 2013, shut down the gov't. Then he had the nerve to cry crocodile tears ; pretend to care about federal workers during last year's shutdown.His hypocrisy is what's wrong with DC ; what we can overcome with a broad coalition for change. 
One year ago today, I took to task on the Senate floor for his hypocrisy and obstruction.But I had good reason... 
Grateful to NH State Rep. and Assistant Majority Floor Leader Michael Cahill and Bow Selectman Harry Judd for their support! These political veterans know what it takes to win in New Hampshire.   
If we allow Trump to stiff-arm America, there will be nothing left of our checks and balances.That's not the way this works. 
We are in the midst of a very profound constitutional crisis. 
Isn’t the fact that I’m actually reading something contrast enough? 
 Thanks for having me, Flint enjoyed the ca…
 Thanks for having me, Flint enjoyed the cat jokes... 
  on the potential acquittal of Trump: "If we allow this kind of conduct to go forward, and we allow the Preside…
 and I went to a Neville Brothers concert on our first date. I brought homemade chocolate chip cookies, and the rest is history. 
Ready to get into the latest updates on the Senate trial and how it’s affecting the 2020 race with ; up next 
 to a recent trip to Iowa! Thank you to Boone County Democrats Chair Tim Winter for your kind words. 
 ... here’s a teaser: 
Tune in tonight to at 10:30 PM ET on I sat down with at a bar in NYC to talk about reckless foreign policy (and buying things off eBay). 
 New: NH Primary Source: spins viral tweet into new TV ad; Promises that if president, Americans "won’t have to…
Remember when I said if you elect me president, you won't have to think about me for two weeks at a time so you can raise your kids and live your lives? We can’t afford four more years of sleepless nights because of Trump. If you agree, join us at  
 New: NH Primary Source: spins viral tweet into new TV ad; Promises that if president, Americans "won’t have to th…
 turns 47 today. Thank you to everyone who fought for reproductive rights then and all who have helped it withstand decades of attacks.We will never stop fighting for women's right to make their own healthcare choices.
University of Pennsylvania experts analyzed the tax plan in The Real Deal and verified its accuracy, further demonstrating that this transformative agenda is fully paid for and won't saddle the next generation with more debt. 
The Real Deal is progressive, paid for, and popular. We can transform the lives of millions of Americans without breaking the bank and saddling the next generation with more debt. 
The ACA has always been unfinished business because some people remain uncovered. Americans need better health care now. We have no time to waste.  We can achieve universal health care and cut costs in three years with a public option.   
Caroline is excited about the fight to overturn Citizens United, and I hope you are too! We have to get the money out of our politics and bring the people back in. 
 We have an incredible opportunity to usher in a new era of progress. Like generations of Americans before us, we must fix our politics and build confidence in our noble exercise in self-government. There is no one to do it but us.
 We won't stop there. We will end partisan gerrymandering, ban Members of Congress from becoming lobbyists ; ensure every eligible voter has access to the ballot box.As a  candidate, I'll stand with to get money out of politics ; bring people back in.
 To make progress on the issues we care about, we have to fix our broken politics. As president, I'll campaign in all 50 states to pass a Constitutional Amendment to overturn Citizens United.This is how we'll start to mobilize the country around a set of progressive reforms.
 This Corruption of INACTION—the hearings not held, the bills not passed—is the consequence of Citizens United. It's why, for the past 10 years, we've made no progress on our most pressing challenges. Climate change being the best example.
 And when it came to independent expenditures, SCOTUS said, "Those are independent. They won't cause Americans to lose faith in our democracy." So they allowed billionaires to give unlimited amounts of dark $$ to outside groups, immobilizing our government in the exact same way.
 Let's say a lawmaker wants to hold a hearing on climate change. All the Kochs ; other billionaires have to do is rattle the coins in their pockets ; threaten to fund the primary opponent in that lawmaker's next election.Just like that, the climate hearing is dropped.
 Citizens United created what I call a Corruption of Inaction. SCOTUS imagined a world of quid pro quo corruption, where billionaires bribe lawmakers to pass bills on their behalf—a Corruption of Action. But they completely missed the point.
 I was up for my first Senate election in 2010, right after Citizens United. Because I was the most vulnerable Democrat, more outside money was spent in my race than any other that cycle. So I've seen the damage up close, and I understand the nature of the corruption.
Today marks 10 years since the Citizens United decision, which gave billionaires unmatched influence over Washington ; separated Americans from their government. Here's a thread reflecting on the consequences of that decision, and how we're going to change it. → 
My anti-poverty plan—the most progressive since Medicaid—will:✅Cut child poverty in 1/2 by end of 1st year✅Cut adult poverty in 1/2 by end of 1st term✅Eliminate homelessness by end of 2nd term✅Put us on path to eliminate poverty in a generation 
You can draw a straight line from slavery to Jim Crow to the redlining of our banking and housing systems to mass incarceration to disparities in health and educational outcomes today.This is the huge, unfinished work that we all have left to do. 
As part of The Real Deal Agenda, my American Family Act would be a major tax cut for the middle class ; cut child poverty by 40% in just one year.That would transform the lives of millions of people in this country ; we can do it without adding a single government bureaucrat. 
We can't just mobilize the Democratic base. We also have to win back some of the nine million people who voted twice for Barack Obama and once for Donald Trump. The Real Deal is the agenda to do that. 
It starts with a real tax cut for the middle class and my plan to end childhood poverty: 
I wrote the damn bill for a public option healthcare plan to give families a choice ; lower costs. I've led this effort for 10 years — unlike others who have flip-flopped or put Democrats on defense — because I know it's the fastest ; best way to cover everyone.  
I’m in this race because of the kids in my old school district, mostly kids of color and kids living in poverty.I have the most aggressive anti-poverty plan in this race that will do more for them than any other candidate.   
TUNE IN NOW: I’m live at the in Des Moines:   
Crossing over a road named for Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on our way to the in Des Moines this afternoon.Tune in live here:  
Thank you to Mrs. Botto’s students for letting me share with them a little bit about Dr. King.If the next generation follows in his footsteps, we’ll keep bending that arc toward justice. 
Dr. King is just as much a Founder as those who wrote our Constitution. Because all who demand a more perfect union and do the hard work of making it so are Founders. Today, we all must be Founders once again to make real the promises of our Constitution.
Dr. King, of anyone, had reason to feel cynical. Instead, he chose hope. In these challenging times, we too could be cynical, but instead we must heed his calls to hold deep our faith in the future and our own ability to shape it.
A perfect way to end the weekend in New Hampshire: Holding our 38th town hall at the home of Mary Beth Walz ; Harry Judd. Only 12 more to go to complete my 50 town hall commitment. I’m deeply grateful to everyone who attended ; brought your toughest questions.   
So grateful to participate in this weekend’s Women’s March in Concord, New Hampshire with my oldest daughter Caroline—fighting to protect equal rights across the country.   
As the son of a public servant ; Holocaust survivor, my worldview is shaped by America’s promise. As president, I’ll reimagine U.S. global leadership to restore our alliances ; credibility and tackle challenges like climate change.Thanks to for having me. 
These kids—the next generation of Americans—that’s why I’m running. We have to leave them with more opportunity. So grateful for this sign and the support! 
When you make a deal, it should benefit the American people — not Mitch McConnell and the richest 1%.  
From my mom’s experience coming to America after the Holocaust, to my time in business and as superintendent of the Denver Public Schools — thank you to for the chance to tell my story. 
Nobody is above the law. Period. 
We've done more events here in New Hampshire than any other candidate. Granite Staters — find one near you today at  
If we're on offense on health care with my public option plan, we'll beat Donald Trump.There is no reason to defend stripping families of their choice with Medicare for All when Trump is the first president to take health care away from millions.  
My conversation with the Islamic Society of NH was about the central question for most families: We’re working really hard, but can’t afford some combination of healthcare, childcare, housing ; higher education. With my Real Deal agenda, this is exactly the problem we can tackle. 
We have a president who wakes up every morning and tries to divide America. I believe our country’s pluralism is our greatest strength, and so does everyone I met at the Islamic Society of New Hampshire last night. We have to build a coalition that will unite us again. 
Living in Colorado makes you tough! Great joining the March with you all today.    
Thank you to the Kent Street Coaltion leaders who hosted a powerful conversation today on immigration, the refugee crisis at the border, and the need to restore integrity ; decency to the White House. Your voices ; your efforts are more important now than ever.   
Caroline says eyes on the road, but had to update everyone on the great day we’re having in the Granite State.  
 doesn't care about your kids or mine. 
Our deficit topped $1 trillion in 2019 because of Donald Trump's reckless spending. Facts are facts. 
 borrowed $28 billion from China to try to paper over the losses that our farmers and ranchers are facing as a result of his ridiculous trade war. 
Every Senator who says they want a fair trial should be demanding to hear from witnesses and review records. 
One of my young Dems, Caroline, meets for braving the cold today — you guys are awesome. 
It’s not our first Women’s March, but it certainly is our coldest! 
They say politics is about making your own weather. If you can’t do that, bundle up and brave the cold.Grateful to stand alongside the Granite Staters at the Women’s March today to fight for our democracy.   
Caroline and I are out at the New Hampshire Women’s March today, remembering everyone who has fought before us and getting ready for the work we still have ahead.   
Always great to run into people who have read—and carry around!—my book on Russian interference in the 2016 election. Now, if only would join her...(Get a copy of your own at  
 has a lot on her plate today, so I’m glad my friend N.H. Rep. brought her to the New Hampshire Women’s March in spirit. 
Such a pleasure meeting with my daughter Caroline. Your work for is more important than ever, and I’m proud to stand with you in defense of every American’s rights. 
Started the day with ahead of the Concord Women’s March! 
Donald Trump’s decision to block witnesses and records from coming before the Congress has never occurred before in the history of our country. 
Went on Fox today so I could speak directly to you, Stop bragging about the economy. If you were creating jobs at the rate Obama did, there would be 1 million more jobs today — not to mention how much you've cost farmers ; driven up the debt. 
We’ve done more events in New Hampshire than any other campaign, and I’ll be here to answer every last question before primary day.  
 Mild until he's mad! Michael Bennet tells WMUR's  patrons about the infamous TV moment that makes his daughters la…
  speaking today at in  With impeachment trial looming, campaigning now is crucial.…
If was creating jobs at the pace Barack Obama did, 1.2 million more people would be employed today.That's the  
My parents worked for the embassy in New Delhi when I was born, and I can tell you that the people who serve our nation around the world as part of the foreign service, our intelligence agencies, and DOD are some of the most incredibly dedicated patriots I have ever seen. 
In 2009, I voted for the Affordable Care Act even when I was told I’d lose my election over it. Then I went to the reddest parts of my state to defend it, because I knew it was a fight worth fighting. Hear more in our latest  ad → 
  speaking today at in  With impeachment trial looming, campaigning now is crucial. “Obviousl…
Donald Trump has gotten down in the sewer with the worst instincts of humanity. 
 Coming up on  2020 Presidential Candidate and Senator Tune in at 1 PM EST on 
  is all in on New Hampshire. This weekend, while the Senate is in recess, he will continue his 50 town hal…
 The campaign said that Thursday, the final day of this push, was the best fundraising day for the campaign since Septemb…
 FIRST TO NBC: presidential campaign has hit a self-imposed fundraising goal of $700,000 over the last m…
Very happy to announce that — thanks to all of you — we hit our $700,000 New Hampshire Investment Strategy goal last night!Together, we can make Donald Trump a one-term president and build a better future for the next generation.Join us here: 
A free press matters for our democracy. Truth matters for our democracy. 
Today, said — AGAIN — that “the economy is the best it's ever been.”🤔 
Tune in: Joining now after just being sworn in for the upcoming Senate trial 
 Candidate will be back in the seacoast Sunday for a Presidential Foreign Policy Forum at the
But tell me more about how we don’t need witnesses and evidence... 
🚨 We're 92% of the way to our New Hampshire Investment Strategy goal! 🚨 The deadline is midnight tonight, so we need your help to get over the finish line NOW.Chip in here: 
Glad to have Claudia Damon and David Ruedig on our team!I will lead from the White House with one central question in mind: Will this help or hurt the next generation? 
 "Through education [let's ensure] we're liberating people from their economic circumstances, not reinforcing the circumstances…
❌Farm bankruptcies up ❌Farm income down❌$40 billion cost in tariffs❌One million fewer jobs created under Trump than under ObamaThis is the   
If was creating jobs at the rate did, we'd have one million more jobs in the United States than we do today. That sounds like a  to me. 
 With his chosen candidate now out of the race, environmental activist ; 4-term State Rep. Bob Backus…
 Is your candidate willing to put in the effort to win Full Frontal’$ Totally Unrigged Primary? showed u…
 Thank you,
 With his chosen candidate now out of the race, environmental activist ; 4-term State Rep. Bo…
 "In the debate, we heard a lot of talk about electability — about who is best positioned, on experience, track record and…
 Just in: Sen. receives education-focused endorsements from former Concord School Board Chairs Claudia Damon ; Dav…
 "I think Trump and Trumpism is the greatest threat this country has faced since the fall of communism. is en…
 Democratic strategist James Carville says "Trump and Trumpsim is the greatest threat this country’s faced since the fall of comm…
I agree with — we need to beat Trump and end Trumpism, and I have the experience and agenda to do it. 
 I really like and respect Senator Michael Bennet. Take another look
 "Elevator Pitch" with Democratic presidential candidate. (Listen/watch an extended interview here: 
 Local legislation like this, paired with the work we're doing in Washington, which ; have played a key role in, is creating a constituency for change in the country—one that President Trump, despite his veto threats, cannot ignore.
 I’ve heard from local leaders in the Seacoast region, in Merrimack ; across New Hampshire about the dangers of PFAS chemicals in their drinking water. We face similar challenges in Colorado, where I’ve worked for years to secure funding for cleanup, mitigation, ; health studies.
I applaud for moving to codify NHDES science-based PFAS standards—some of the strongest in the country. Codifying these standards will be critical to keep our kids safe ; holding polluters accountable will support communities working to provide safe drinking water. 
 Powerful words from last night on one of the most exceptional leaders I've ev…
My family wants to make the choice about what’s right for us, and I believe that’s true for all families in America.Under my Medicare-X healthcare plan, everyone who hates their private insurance is now going to have the choice of a public option. 
The most existential question I’ve been asked on the trail was from a woman in Des Moines: “Can western democracy solve climate change?” Read about why I believe we need a renewed set of politics to answer her in my op-ed to caucusgoers. 
 Presidential candidate Sen. (D-CO) joins and reacts to being endorsed by Veteran Democratic Strat…
As said, I'm the opposite of Donald Trump. And that's exactly what we'll need to beat him, restore integrity to the White House, and make real progress for American families. 
I love Cory Booker. 
Tune in! Sitting down with on the  right now to talk about 2020, impeachment, and more. 
 TONIGHT: joins on the  Tune in! 
Officially on the ballot in Maryland!Together, we can build more opportunity for the next generation and make Trump a one-term president. 
I’m honored and grateful to have the support of anti-poverty leader Together, we will end childhood poverty in this country. 
Another great trip to NH and officially 33 town halls compete toward our 50 town hall commitment in the final 10 weeks before  primary. Thanks to everyone who joined us in Manchester and Bedford yesterday to talk about how we beat Trump and fight for the next generation. 
A big thank you to everyone who made it out to our Manchester town hall yesterday! We had a great crowd and an even better conversation about what it will take to beat Donald Trump and build a better future for the next generation. 
 Inbox: Democratic strategist endorses Bennet has less in common with Donald Trump…
 Former Bill Clinton strategist has endorsed Colorado Sen. for president and will campaign…
 It’s no surprise that generated so many dedicated staff, volunteers, and supporters. He’s as true a public servant as you’ll find anywhere. He made this race more compassionate and optimistic, and I look forward to many more years of his inspired leadership. 
When I first got to Washington in 2009, they told me, “If you want a friend here, get a dog.” I already had a dog. What I didn’t have, until he arrived in 2013, was a friend like We’re lucky to have him, and I'm grateful for moments like this from the trail. 
I’m humbled to have New Hampshire State Rep. Majorie Smith’s support in this race. Together, we can beat Donald Trump and make lasting progress for families here in the Granite State and across the country.  
Tune in to and call in with your questions:(800) 892-6477You can watch live here:   
 Listen or Watch: is on The Exchange at 9 a.m.:     
Settling in with this morning in Concord. Tune in for the next 30 minutes to hear the latest on our New Hampshire strategy, Iran, and other news of the day. 
 Democratic Presidential Candidate Michael Bennet is in studio from 9-9:30 today. Watch on FB live or tune in, and stick a…
 New: picks up the endorsement of who will visit  New Hampshire in the coming weeks to…
 NEW on - "Ragin’ Cajun" formally endorses Sen. for president; Architect of 1992
 NEW on - "Ragin’ Cajun" formally endorses Sen. for president; Architect of 1992
 is the last Democratic strategist to unseat an incumbent Republican president.I'm honored to have his endorsement today.He knows what it takes for a candidate from the middle of the country to succeed in New Hampshire. 
Officially on the ballot in Ohio!I'm the only candidate who has won two races in a swing state. I know what it takes to win in tough places and what it’s going to take to beat Donald Trump in 2020. 
We all have a part to play in our democracy. Allison is now one of New Hampshire's newest registered voters!   
Thank you to and for having me on Common Cents. Tune in to hear more about The Real Deal, our progressive, popular, and paid for agenda: 
 Manchester - draws a legit crowd, including some big wig pols from both the city and state.  
 Sen. in Bedford, NH - LIVE at 3pm ET on C-SPAN  
 Almost 200 people at a town hall in Manchester with students, parents, activists, business owners — all…
 “I think I’ve got a deep keel,”  tells  voters in Manchester. 
 Great turnout for  town hall at the Spotlight Rm at the Palace Theater Manchester. Come on down. 
  is the only Dem candidate running who has been elected twice in a swing state.  
 “I’m the opposite of Donald Trump.” stumping for the   
  draws a crowd in  feeling optimistic about the  primary, saying voters are now making up…
  draws a crowd in  feeling optimistic about the  primary, saying voters are now making up their mi…
 SRO in  at event - people are dialed into  
New Hampshire voters are just making up their minds, and I’m going to be here when they do.   
Incredible crowd in Manchester at our town hall on this Sunday afternoon.   Watch live on Facebook now:  
People who come to my town halls say what keeps them up at night is that they're working really hard, but can't afford a decent middle-class life.We can’t afford four more years of sleepless nights because Trump is still our president.We need The Real Deal. 
Joining on this morning to talk 2020, Iran, and impeachment. Tune in → 
Are American people safer today because of the actions of this impetuous, non-strategic, and weak president? No, they are not. 
Officially on the ballot in Washington!Together, we can build more opportunity for the next generation and make Trump a one-term president. 
Couldn’t leave South Carolina without checking two more items off the 2020 food contest list! ✅ Fried Fish (fried catfish will forever be my favorite food) ✅ Pimento Cheese Biscuit 
It’s preposterous that we have a climate denier in the White House who is wasting our time and risking our kids’ future. Combating climate change with innovative, job-creating solutions will be my top priority as president.
Across the country, communities of color and low-income communities are often hit hardest by the negative effects of climate change—from flooding to pollution. This is shameful, and our country’s approach to climate must address this head on. 
As a country, we need to make a commitment to save cities along the coast, like Charleston, that are feeling the effects of climate change and flooding. That requires national leadership, and it’s why my climate plan is the first proposal I released in my campaign for president. 
Charleston is not only on the frontlines of flooding, but out in front on the issue with its leadership on climate mitigation and resilience. Spent the morning with Chief Resilience Officer Mark Wilbert, who showed me the city’s latest tactics for tackling these challenges. 
With this claim of executive privilege, President Trump isn’t just thumbing his nose at Congress, but also the American people. They want to know the facts. 
As the only candidate in the race who’s won two elections in a swing state, I know what it’s going to take to beat Donald Trump.We never should have lost to him the last time, and we certainly can’t afford to lose again. 
The Real Deal is a progressive agenda that is fully paid for and widely popular. Empty promises only breed more cynicism. It's time to achieve lasting progress. 
Grateful for leadership inspiring the next generation of Americans to get involved in the democracy.    
 We’re crashing a roundtable between Clyburn Fellowship graduates and 2020 Candidate ; US Sen.   h…
Thank you to these Clyburn Fellows for taking the time to share your experiences in rural ; urban South Carolina, organizing your communities for change. Looking forward to helping kick off Turn it Blue BBQ soon.   
We have an historic opportunity to make lasting progress for families and workers across the country and restore opportunity with an agenda that is progressive, fully paid for, and popular. It's The Real Deal.Watch and share our latest  ad: 
 and Caroline started the day in Nashua to kick off another canvass in the  state! Town hall by town hall, door by door, we can beat Donald Trump and build opportunity for the next generation. 
We are the strongest country in the world. The idea that President Trump or any governor would block the many counties, cities, and communities that welcome refugees runs counter to our values. 
📺 TUNE IN: I'm live at the this afternoon to share my vision for the next generation and how we can beat Donald Trump and move the country forward.Watch here:     
The people of Dixville Notch wanted to vote, so they did their damnedest to make it happen.  We should all feel that way about our democracy. Let's take the  and each register at least one new person to vote this weekend. You in? 
When I went from the private sector to the public sector ; eventually became superintendent of Denver schools, I knew assembling a team of people who were better at their jobs than I could ever be was how we'd do the most good for the kids we served.Our latest  ad: 
Thank you to New Hampshire State Rep. for your support. Together, we can build opportunity for our kids and leave them the healthy planet they deserve. 
We have a historic opportunity to make lasting progress for families and workers across the country. In contrast to the other candidates, my agenda is progressive, fully paid for, and widely popular among the American people. It's The Real Deal.
As president, I’ll restore that trust. 
 ; I met on the East Coast, but we wanted to build our life out West.She got her dream job as an environmental lawyer ; I followed her to Colorado, where we bought our home, renovated it ourselves ; started our family.Hear our story in the 3rd  ad: 
Thank you to Bruce Fox for your support (especially as a fellow grad!). I’m grateful we had the opportunity to visit the Friendly Farm in Dublin, NH to hear more about New Hampshire’s agricultural community. 
Thinking about all those affected by the earthquake in Puerto Rico. If you’re on the island, please stay safe—and know that we are committed to standing with you and providing the food, electricity, and shelter you need. 
The Real Deal — my agenda to rebuild the middle class, expand opportunity ; tackle generational challenges like climate change — would cost $6 trillion over the next decade. That’s less than one-fifth of the cost of Medicare for All alone. And I've got a plan to fully pay for it.
Fighting for what you believe in. It’s at the center of our democracy, and it’s what this campaign is all about. 
Thank you, Robert, for your support! As the only candidate to win two elections in a purple swing state, I know what it takes to build a coalition for change, and that is what it will take to beat Donald Trump. 
We don’t need more empty promises of free stuff. We need an agenda that will mean winning in tough places and making progress for American families. That’s The Real Deal.
 As Commander in Chief, I would protect Americans at home and abroad, restore our alliances around the world, and ensure the word of the President of the United States can be depended upon.
 In upcoming remarks, I hope we hear him de-escalate the situation and remind Americans how important our alliances are in the Middle East. We must move forward in a way that preserves our leadership around the world and does not expose American troops to harm.
The most important thing we must establish is the nature of the threat that was responding to when he killed Soleimani. Trump claims it was imminent. If it was not, then this was a reckless act that has put Americans in danger of retaliation as we saw last night.
American servicemembers are under attack. I'm monitoring the situation and thinking of the brave men and women serving in our military tonight.
As a kid who experienced dyslexia, I know how important it is to have teachers who care and help you persevere.Hear my story in our latest   ad: 
I'm the only candidate who has won two races in a purple swing state. I know what it takes to win in tough places and what it’s going to take to beat Donald Trump in 2020. That’s why I’m going to living room to living room to show you what I’m made of. 
Thank you to Carla and Brad for hosting us in Dover this weekend. Coming together with friends and neighbors to fight for our democracy is how we'll build a better future for our kids. 
 Trump said his tax bill would raise wages by at least an average of $4,000 per worker. That did not happen. He was either lying or didn’t know what was in his own bill (probably both).We can reward hard work if we want to. Here’s how: 
 likes to brag about job numbers. But the pace of hiring was faster under the last two years of President Obama.I know he does most of his tweeting from the golf course, so maybe it’s worth reminding him: In this case, the higher number is the better one. 
Whether it's Colorado or Iowa or New Hampshire, I hear the same thing in my town halls: People are working incredibly hard, but can't afford a decent middle-class life. I’ve got an agenda that will make progress for you and your family. It’s The Real Deal. 
The Real Deal: Transforming the lives of millions of Americans with an agenda that is progressive, popular, and paid for. 
 Today: launches 1st ad in new “Just the Truth” series, focusing on his family story as son of a Holocaust survivo…
 Today: launches 1st ad in new “Just the Truth” series, focusing on his family story as son of a Holocaust surv…
  presidential campaign announces they have hit the first $400,000 of their $700,000 New Hampshire Inves…
 2020 Watch-New: goes up in NH with the first in a series of digital ads - spotlight's his family story a…
My mom and her parents were Polish Jews who survived the Holocaust. My father's family came over on the Mayflower.My family's story has shaped who I am and why I'm running for president.Watch and share the first ad in our new series: “Just The Truth” ⤵️ 
Trump’s decision was uninformed, impetuous, and weak. The commander in chief’s first job is to keep Americans safe at home and abroad. It’s hard to see how we’re safer as a result of what Trump has done. 
Let’s learn from our mistakes for once. We need an approach that leads to an enduring peace, instead of wars that have lasted for 20 years. 
Today we kicked off another beautiful New Hampshire Sunday morning, this time in Amherst. Thank you to State Senator and her family for the opportunity to meet more Granite Staters and talk about how we can work together to rebuild our democracy in 2020. 
Thanks to for convening local educators ; community members in Concord to discuss how we can invest in our kids ; transform our education system to build opportunity for the next generation.As the first superintendent to run for president, that's who I'm fighting for. 
Let’s be clear: This is raising his middle finger at Congress and the Constitution. 
Whether you raise your hand in a town hall or stop me on Elm Street, I'm ready to answer your toughest questions about how we beat Trump and move the country forward. (But if you don't want to chance a run-in, visit  to find a town hall near you.) 
Ended the day at Granite State Barber Shop, where Abdul insisted on a fresh cut. Keeping me looking sharp for the campaign trail! 
Next up we stopped at Thank you to and Ben for taking time to tell us about your shop. If you’re looking for a new read, my top  recommendation right now is Casey Gerald’s “There Will Be No Miracles Here.” 
I’ve never seen more intricately-crafted chocolate than in Dancing Lion. Owner Richard Tango-Lowy never makes the same recipe twice. And this chili drinking chocolate was the real highlight. Thanks, 
First stop: to these performers for pausing rehearsal to tell me about your holiday show, families, and challenges facing your community. My daughters went to arts public school and love theatre, so this was a great visit. 
There’s no better way to get to know a community than to meet the people who help run it! Went on a business tour in Manchester with Susan and the girls this week. Here are some highlights… 
 "Do our country a favor ; go read it." 🙏🏾new blurb from the best reader in the Senate, thank you 
TUNE IN: We're live in Concord for our last house party of the day. I'm ready to answer every last question about how we beat Donald Trump and move the country forward. 
So glad to see my friend tremendous memoir in paperback in New Hampshire! Do our country a favor and go read it. 
We have an historic opportunity to make lasting progress for families and workers across the country. In contrast to the other candidates, my agenda is progressive, fully paid for, and widely popular among the American people. It's The Real Deal. 
The Real Deal — my agenda to rebuild the middle class, expand opportunity ; tackle generational challenges like climate change — would cost $6 trillion over the next decade. That’s less than one-fifth of the cost of Medicare for All alone. And I've got a plan to fully pay for it. 
No question in my mind: Adelaide is going to be just as Notorious as RBG. 
 Sen. Bennet discusses his Real Deal 2020 policy and says Sen. Warren and Sen. Sanders' plans will be "dead on arrival." 
 Bennet hopes to break through with pragmatic approach  
Thank you for having me! And for your commitment to protecting the democracy. 
When it’s Friday night and you have six town halls this weekend: 
Thank you to the Paige family for hosting our 25th town hall in their home tonight! We’re half way through our 50 town hall commitment. Head to  to find our next one near you. 
Chatting with today outside about how we’ve doubled down in New Hampshire. Voters here haven’t made their minds, and I’m going to be here when they do.  
 “Washington can’t fix itself. “ - at the  meet ; greet.
Based on all of the GOTV signs in their office, I’m confident the are doing their part to make Trump a one-term president. Thank you for having me tonight, asking critical questions, and taking this election so seriously.  
Officially on the ballot in Missouri!As the only candidate who has won two races in a purple swing state, I know what it takes to win in tough places, and I've got an agenda that Democrats up and down ballot can run on, not away from. 
 Sen. Bennet on his 2020 campaign: "I still think that my plans are the plans that we need to restore the middle class in this co…
Substance over style, Shactman. Your own weather desk called for snow this weekend 👀 
We don’t need more empty promises of free stuff. We need an agenda that will mean winning in tough places and making progress for American families. That’s The Real Deal. 
Huge thank you to owner Emmett for hosting tonight's meet and greet, as well as for your leadership of Can't beat a Friday night talking about how we restore our democracy and rebuild the middle class. 
 We loved having stop by during his local business tour! He spoke with owner and Bookstore manager  B…
The Real Deal represents a turning away from the politics of empty promises and can’t-do rhetoric, and instead imagines a world where we transform the lives of millions of Americans with an agenda that is progressive, popular, and paid for. 
Whether it's Colorado or Iowa or New Hampshire, I hear the same thing in my town halls: People are working incredibly hard, but can't afford a decent middle-class life.We can change that if we invest in America’s workers and make work pay. 
Thank you to environmental activist and Independent voter for his support. Winning in swing states is how we’ll make Donald Trump a one-term president.   
 This week, we caught up with in Des Moines to hear more about his affordable housing plan. Thanks for takin…
Officially on the ballot in Minnesota!Together, we can build more opportunity for the next generation and make Trump a one-term president. 
I’m committed to holding 50 town halls in the final 10 weeks before the  primary  and answering every last question — and we already have 23 complete! 
The Real Deal is the agenda we need to win in tough places and make actual progress for middle-class families. We don’t have time to waste. 
 “Trump is a symptom of the fact that we’ve had 50 years of an economy that hasn’t worked for 95% of the population;”Washington…
We also need to rebuild our alliances all over the world, including those in the Middle East that gave us the Iran nuclear deal, which for once was an attempt to manage a situation in the Middle East, instead of going to war with it.
As commander in chief, the first thing I would do is take steps to keep Americans safe at home and abroad—all Americans: civilians, and those in the armed services and the diplomatic service.
Our own War College concluded that the winner of our last Iraq war was Iran. We can’t do more of this. We spent $5.6 trillion over the last 20 years to fight two wars in the Middle East. That didn’t result in any of the outcomes that the American people were promised.
You couldn’t be more naive to believe that this was going to result somehow in Iran coming to the negotiating table, rather than creating the potential for another war — which is the last thing we need in the Middle East.
Donald Trump is the weakest foreign policy president in my lifetime.This was a terribly reckless and provocative act. It’s the latest in a long string of non-strategic choices that he has made in the Middle East that have weakened our position and strengthened Iran's.
Tune in: Joining on now about Iran, 2020, and my new Real Deal agenda 
As the first school superintendent to ever run for president, my education plan invests in free preschool and the 70% of Americans who don’t graduate from college to set everyone up for success. 
Officially on the ballot in Virginia!I'm the only candidate who has won two races in a purple swing state. I know what it takes to win in tough places and what it’s going to take to beat Donald Trump in 2020. 
I’m much more interested in free preschool than free college. 
Progressive, paid for, and widely popular among the American people. This is The Real Deal.
With The Real Deal, we can turn away from the politics of empty promises and can’t-do rhetoric. We can choose to invest in our country and our future. 
For too many decades, we have failed to invest in our country and our kids’ futures. The Real Deal is the political and policy blueprint that should guide our priorities for the next 20 years.
 Manchester business tour this afternoon for who stopped by among other downtown locations 
As we enter this election year, we have the opportunity to champion an agenda that is progressive, paid for, and popular among the majority of the American people. It’s The Real Deal, and it will make lasting progress for you and your family. 
Officially on the ballot in Georgia!Together, we can build more opportunity for the next generation and make Trump a one-term president. 
I’m here in New Hampshire to answer every last question before the  primary.Find where we’ll be next at  
We spend twice on health care what other industrialized countries do. Here’s how we lower costs: ✅Require the federal government to negotiate drug prices✅Put a price tag on everything so there is transparency✅Increase access to primary care instead of relying on the ER
There is an injustice in the debt we are racking up, because we’re doing it at the expense of investing in the next generation. From climate change to astronomical college costs to crumbling roads ; bridges—we can do better. As president, I’ll invest in our country ; our future.
We now have a deficit that’s been brought to us by a Republican president and Republican Congress that’s over $1 trillion at a time of full employment. The hypocrisy is astounding.
On the first day of my presidency, I would pass a bill to reform our broken politics — from ending partisan  to banning members of Congress from becoming lobbyists. I’d also lead a movement in all 50 states to overturn 
Joining ; on Common Cents to talk fiscal policy and government reform. Look out for the upcoming episode.  
 ran an optimistic, forward-looking campaign that put working families first. His voice was critical in this race, and I know together, we will keep fighting to lift up kids in poverty and invest in the next generation.
The choice we face in this primary is between unrealistic promises that breed further cynicism ; building political momentum to achieve actual progress for you and your family. Together, we can build a broad coalition to achieve The Real Deal. Join us: 
Take the money out of politics ; put the people back in so we can make progress on these challenges, including overturning Citizens United, banning Members of Congress from becoming lobbyists, ending partisan gerrymandering, and ensuring every eligible voter has access to vote.
Address inequality by making sure our tax code requires everyone pay their fair share: Reform our tax system to ensure the wealthy are paying their fair share, so working families and the middle-class do not bear an unfair share of the burden.
Pass comprehensive, durable immigration reform that provides a path to citizenship for the 11 million undocumented immigrants, enacts the Dream Act, establishes 21st Century border security, and makes our immigration system rational.
Rebuild America’s infrastructure with a major, long-overdue $1 trillion investment, including in our roads, bridges, airports, mass transit, water infrastructure, and connecting every community in America to high-speed, modern broadband internet.
Tackle climate change and drive the 21st Century clean-energy economy: Drive $10 trillion in public-private investment to combat climate change and other forms of pollution and create millions of jobs across every part of America.
Pay our teachers like the professionals that they are by increasing federal support for K-12 education, especially in high-poverty and rural school districts.
Make college affordable to drive upward mobility: Make four-year public college degree affordable for every middle-class American ; debt free for families with incomes below $75,000/year. For families ; workers with existing debt, cap debt payments at no more than 8% of income.
Make a $500 billion investment over 10 years in proven pathways to a middle-class job for the nearly 70% of Americans without a four-year college degree, so they can advance in the 21st Century economy to earn a living wage, not just the minimum wage.
Enact high-quality, universal preschool for every 3- and 4-year old to ensure that every kid in America, regardless of where they are from, can get a strong start in school and in life.
Ensure every American can achieve a secure and dignified retirement by protecting Social Security, building more affordable housing for seniors, lowering the cost of prescription drugs, and creating a universal retirement savings account that is portable as people switch jobs.
Tackle the housing affordability crisis by driving the creation of more than 7 million new, affordable homes for the middle-class, seniors, and working families. Provide rental support so every American can live in high-opportunity areas with good jobs and good schools.
Lower costs and cover everyone with high-quality health care: Offer a high-quality public health care option called Medicare-X that will lower healthcare costs, drive down prescription drug prices, and expand coverage to every corner of America in three years.
Raise the minimum wage to $15 or more in high-cost cities, with an exemption for rural and lower-cost communities where $15 would potentially harm employment and small businesses.
Pass paid family and medical leave, so that America is no longer the only developed economy in the world that denies its citizens the ability to take care of a newborn, an aging parent, or themselves.
Support families raising kids and workers trying to make ends meet: Expand Child Tax Credit—$3,600 per year for kids under 6, $3,000 for kids age 6+. Expand EITC to $3,000 for workers who do not have children at home—the only Americans that we tax into poverty today.
The Real Deal represents a turning away from the politics of empty promises and can’t-do rhetoric, and instead imagines a world where we accomplish 15 key policies and transform the lives of millions of Americans. Here they are ↓
The Real Deal would cost about $6 trillion over the next decade—less than one-fifth of the cost of Medicare for All alone. And I've got a plan to fully pay for it.
 “There’s nothing idealistic or progressive about a 10-year losing battle over deeply unpopular policies like Medicare for Al…
 Presidential hopeful Michael Bennet is releasing a $6 trillion plan that he calls “the Real Deal” in an attempt to offer wha…
The Real Deal is an agenda Dems up and down the ballot—in blue, purple ; red states—can run on to defeat Trump, win the Senate ; hold the House. It will not only galvanize our base, but also help win back some of the 9 million people who voted twice for Obama and then for Trump.
We have an historic opportunity to make lasting progress for families and workers across the country. In contrast to the other candidates, my agenda is progressive, fully paid for, and widely popular among the American people. It's The Real Deal. 
 Joining us now:
Officially on the ballot in Idaho!As the only candidate who has won two races in a purple swing state, I know what it takes to win in tough places, and I've got an agenda that Democrats up and down ballot can run on, not away from. 
Voters are asking one thing in this election: Who can beat Donald Trump? I’m in New Hampshire to show why I’m the answer to that question. 
Happy New Year from our family to yours! We hope 2020 brings a bright future for everyone. (Missing you Caroline!) 
 The Democratic presidential candidate addressed supporters on New Year's Eve. 
Grateful to kick off the new year with my wife two of our daughters, NH Rep. and the community in Hopkinton for their annual hike! The beautiful outdoors in the Granite State reminds us of home. 
Thank you to Will and Meryl for hosting us last night for the first New Hampshire house party of 2020, right at the strike of midnight! Together, we can build opportunity for the next generation and restore decency to the White House. 
 Sen. Michael Bennet: "New Hampshire is farther away from making up its mind today than they were 6 weeks ago or 6 months ago o…
We’re LIVE at our Nashua office organizing and talking to voters. Tune in on Facebook as I answer questions:  
 At his  office, says right now our democracy is at risk ; economy doesn’t work for enough people. Bennet s…
Live on MSNBC with — two T’s. Tune in!
Donald Trump is the weakest foreign policy president of my lifetime. 
Donald Trump has given North Korea cover to pursue its nuclear program — his foreign policy is weak and dangerous. 
 "Donald Trump has proven over and over again that he is the weakest foreign policy president of our lifetime." Sen.
I am so grateful to have the support of New Hampshire State Rep. David Luneau. As Vice Chair of the House Education Committee, knows we need to put the next generation first, and that’s exactly what I’m going to do as president. 
Joining on CNN any minute. Tune into my first interview of the year to hear more about my New Year’s Resolution, New Hampshire town halls, and plans for 2020!
 I was wondering who bought that single copy the publisher said had been sold. 
2020 is the year we restore our democracy. Together, we can beat Donald Trump, take back the Senate, and move our country forward for the next generation. It starts with making our mark in New Hampshire.
My  is to come in the top three in New Hampshire and do everything I can to beat Donald Trump and take back the Senate. 
 About to ring in 2020 with the first Dem town hall of the year — at a New Hampshire house party. “My new y…
10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1Happy New Year! 🎆 Welcome to the first house party of 2020. Grateful to be kicking off this election year with family, friends, and supporters in New Hampshire.  
What better way to kick off 2020 than with the very first house party of the year in the First in the Nation state!Join us live:  
Tune in live at 12:01 AM ET for the first house party of the year in the First in the Nation state:  
 I'm ready to bring a new generation of leadership to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Join me as we make Donald Trump a one-term president, build opportunity for all Americans, and fight for the next generation. 
 But we still have much more to accomplish. In the next decade, with my agenda, we can lower healthcare costs with a public option, create universal preschool, raise the minimum wage, invest in families and workers, and end childhood poverty.
We’ve made a lot of progress as a nation this decade: We legalized same sex marriage, successfully passed and defended the Affordable Care Act… and of course the won the Super Bowl.
At the end of this decade, we have a president actively trying to strip Americans of their care.
At the end of the last decade, we had a president focused on providing millions of Americans with affordable health care.
At the turn of this decade, we have a president who has spent nearly a third of his time in office at a Trump-branded property.
At the turn of the last decade, we had a president who had just accepted the Nobel Peace Prize. 
As we usher in this new decade, the girls are grown up and joining me on the trail! 
At the end of the last decade, I had just been sworn in as a U.S. Senator and my daughters were 9, 7, and 4. 
If you’ve been to my town halls, you know I often reflect on the gridlock of the past 10 years. While a lot has stayed the same in the last decade (including my allegiance to eBay watches), a lot has changed. Let’s look at how far we’ve come ; where we still have to go together⬇️
What a year it has been! Thank you to everyone who has joined us along the way in our fight for the next generation. Here’s to an even better 2020 — restoring our democracy and moving our country forward. 
Proud to announce my nominee for Secretary of Transportation 
Thank you for showing us around Concord tonight, and thank you for your tireless support of this campaign. There’s no better way to start the new year than to focus on building a better future for our kids!  
Popped into Chuck’s BARbershop to meet the manager and see how they’re getting ready to celebrate the night roaring 20s style. 
Bennets meet the Bennetts. (“But with two T’s!”) 
These Granite Staters know their craft beer. Thanks to Dennis at for showing us how you make your famous New England IPA. 
Kicking off New Years Eve with Susan, Halina, and Anne in Concord! About to head into   
Ringing in the New Year with the first house party of 2020!  
Officially on the ballot in Nevada!I'm the only candidate who has won two races in a purple swing state. I know what it takes to win in tough places and what it’s going to take to beat Donald Trump in 2020. 
New Hampshire, I’m here to show you what I’m made of. We just launched a new TV ad alongside our 50 town hall swing! Head to  to see when I’ll be in your area. 
When you’re asked about and this is your response...  
We’re on our way to New Hampshire, where I’m holding the first house party of the year in the First in the Nation state! Tune in live on January 1 at 12:01 AM at  
Officially on the ballot in California!Together, we can build more opportunity for the next generation and make Trump a one-term president. 
Thank you, Jane, for your support and for engaging with our democracy. We’re here to fight for the next generation. It’s what they deserve. 
Officially on the ballot in North Carolina!As the only candidate who has won two races in a purple swing state, I know what it takes to win in tough places, and I've got an agenda that Democrats up and down ballot can run on, not away from. 
Mangiamo! Feeling lucky to be with friends and family tonight. 
My heart breaks for the victims of this attack.No one should be afraid to worship, especially in their home. No one should be afraid because of who they are.We must stand together in the face of anti-Semitism and the daily attacks this week. We will not be divided. 
Getting ready for my close up with Tune into WHO’s The Insiders streaming live now on   
Officially on the ballot in Florida!I'm the only candidate who has won two races in a purple swing state. I know what it takes to win in tough places and what it’s going to take to beat Donald Trump in 2020. 
I’m honored to have the support of NH State Rep. Joyce Fulweiler. To create durable solutions for challenges from education to climate change, we have to work together. 
We will stitch this country back together, despite our disagreements, because we're fighting for our democracy. That can unite us.
Officially on the ballot in Massachusetts!Together, we can build more opportunity for the next generation and make Trump a one-term president. 
Voters are asking one question in this election: Who can beat Donald Trump? I’m in New Hampshire to answer that question.
I’m so grateful to have the support of educators like Tom. Thank you for the hard work you do in the classroom every single day. I will continue to fight for a quality education for every kid in this country. 
We're out with our first TV ad in New Hampshire today.If you're looking for a candidate who is focused on the next generation, and not the next tweet, give me a look. 
An agenda that will unite not just the Democratic Party, but also some of the nine million people who voted twice for Barack Obama and then for Donald Trump is how we create ambitious and lasting change. 
We need to secure a stronger future for farmers, businesses, workers, and consumers and restore America’s economic leadership around the world. 
We need to invest in rural communities most affected by trade and start to close the rural-urban divide to stitch our country back together again. 
From our family to yours, we wish everyone peace, love, and joy throughout the year to come. Merry Christmas! 
This weekend, we wrapped up town hall  of our 50 town hall commitment in the final 10 weeks before the  primary.Looking forward to being back in the Granite State next week to answer every last question the voters have.
Our K-12 school system was designed for the 19th century.As the first school superintendent to ever run for president, I know that it needs to be updated for the 21st century if we're going to give every kid in this country a chance to flourish. 
To fix our politics, we must overcome the forces trying to separate us from gov't: special interests working to replace the public’s agenda with their own, politicians insulating themselves from accountability ; foreign actors infiltrating our democracy. 
Everyone should have access to safe drinking water. PFAS contamination is a threat to the environment and public health. I'll continue to work with partners at all levels to ensure every American has safe and clean water. 
The DNC is making clear that pay-to-play politics is the name of the game. If we want to get money out of politics, it has to start with us. Continued ; corrupt decisions to reward money over substance cheats voters ; turns away from what we value most: that every voice counts.
Hard to “come together” when you’re only including candidates in the video who ponied up six figures.Neutrality and unity shouldn’t come at a price — but for the DNC it does. And that amount is $175,000. 
And it’s called Medicare-X!Some last minute Christmas shopping at Happy holidays everyone. 
I’m live with the to share my vision to build more opportunity for the next generation and why I’m the best candidate to beat Donald Trump. Tune in here:  
 Watch live at 12:30: meets with Register editorial board *Subscriber exclusive* 
  ends with a call to action, saying that while he’s not running a celebrity or high-dollar campaign, he bel…
Thank you for helping organize this morning’s town hall and for your kind introduction—especially during the busy holiday season! Wishing you and your family a merry Christmas. 
Being a school superintendent prepares you for anything! Educators across the country know what I’m talking about... 
When we think about values like integrity, fairness ; patriotism, and when we talk to our kids about them, we should point to the president as an example. That’s why I’m running ; it’s part of how we’ll overcome the divisions we face. Great conversation in Iowa this morning. 
Globalization will shape our economy in the 21st century.Unlike President Trump, who has harmed farmers ; workers with his reckless trade war, I will take the long view to strategically grow markets ; restore our leadership around the world.New plan: 
I love a good underdog story, and Hanukkah is one of the best. Wishing all my Jewish neighbors a meaningful and joyful holiday.
Back in  
One of our most festive house parties yet! Thanks to our host Suzi in Franklin. Happy holidays everyone. 
Grateful to everyone who took part in the venerable tradition of gathering for a house party last night. As our host in Bedford said, “This is the best part of living in New Hampshire.” 
Thanks to for hosting us for a local town hall! If you want to see where I’ll be next, go to  
A snowy weekend morning in Enfield with hot coffee, engaged neighbors, and some serious questions about the state of our democracy. It’s in these rooms that decisions are made about the kind of future we want and will have. 
TJ, you’re going to fight this and you’re going to beat this. I know the road ahead seems daunting. But I have no doubt we’ll see you on the trail again soon. We’re all pulling for you. 
 New post: Bennet Handles Pro-Trump Hecklers, Shows How He’ll Stitch Country Back Together 
I’m going living room to living room and town hall to town hall, because that’s how this democracy works: holding conversations among neighbors about how to move the country forward.  Here’s a look at a recent house party in Nashua, New Hampshire. 
I’m holding 50 town halls in the final 10 weeks before the  primary in New Hampshire, and I’ll answer every last question. 
We need to reestablish the standard of what we want out of the President of the United States. 
As someone who has won two races in a swing state, I know you have to say the same thing in the primary that you say in the general election, and the same thing in rural areas that you say in urban ones. The same principle applies to all of my events. 
The standard for what a president does has sunk so low under The American people deserve so much better. 
A decent middle-class life is getting harder and harder to afford. But it doesn’t have to be that way. From healthcare to housing, we can bring down costs, and reward hard work so every family can succeed. 
We need to invest in America’s kids and make sure we’ve built an education system in which they will flourish. It’s the least we owe them. 
We need a president who will fight for everyone in this country, not just those who voted for him or her. That’s what I’ll do. 
Things got heated at a town hall last night because it feels like the divisions in this country are deep and tribal.But we are not in civil war.We will stitch this country back together, despite our disagreements, because we're fighting for our democracy. That can unite us. 
But we can't stop now! Hitting our $700,000 NH Investment Strategy goal is the only way we'll have the resources to compete in the Granite State. If you believe we need a president focused on the next generation, and not just the next tweet, join us at 
I'm so grateful for the outpouring of support we’ve seen over the last few days. Because of you, we've hit the first $100,000 of our $700,000 goal, so we can move forward with our next ad on the candid conversations I know we need to beat Trump and move our country forward. 
  continues his 50 Town Hall tour of  NH. Speaking to voters in Sunapee now about his background before takin…
  continues his 50 Town Hall tour of  NH. Speaking to voters in Sunapee now about his background before…
The American people want someone who will restore opportunity and integrity in the White House. And I intend to do just that. 
ICYMI: Thank you to Paul LeBlanc, president of Southern New Hampshire University, and his wife, attorney and professor Patricia Findlen, for their support!
Donald Trump is living in an alternate reality if he cannot understand how what he did is wrong. 
This week, we announced we need $700,000 in the next 30 days to be able to compete.We're just a few contributions away from hitting the first $100,000.If you want a president who's focused on the next generation, not the next tweet, now is the time: 
Thank you to everyone who joined us at Toadstool Bookshop in Keene tonight. Coming together with friends and neighbors to talk about our shared challenges and the durable solutions we need to address them is how we move our country forward and repair our democracy. 
We need to get the money out of our politics ; bring the American people back in.I'm live answering questions about my plan to fix our broken politics at a Democracy Town Hall. Thank you to ; for hosting us.WATCH HERE:  
Fill in the blank: Now is the time to __________.(Hint: It starts with voting.) 
Patrick Lyons, director of the Jaffrey Rehabilitation ; Nursing Center, said to me today, “This is the most rewarding job I’ve ever had. It’s all about dignity.”That's exactly why we need to invest in the middle class — so every American can retire with dignity and security. 
 JAFFREY — gets to the crux of his electability argument at an assisted living facility:MB says he's the onl…
Hey, New Hampshire — you’re going to keep seeing a lot of me over the next 53 days! Visit  to find a town hall near you and come out for a conversation about our nation’s future.
Thank you to Paul LeBlanc, president of Southern New Hampshire University, and his wife, attorney and professor Patricia Findlen, for your support in this race. As the first school superintendent to ever run for president, I'll fight for the next generation every single day. 
Since I can’t get anywhere else, I’m continuing to hold 50 town halls across New Hampshire until the  primary.  Find out where I’ll be this weekend at  
The latest from ; A. He could win.B. He could govern. And boy, those are two pretty important requisites right now. 
Thank you! Appreciate your leadership helping to elect Democrats up and down the ballot. 
Come for the critiques, stay for the Hunter S. Thompson references... 
Donald Trump is the least transparent president in modern history. I hold myself to a higher standard.Whether you come to a house party, a town hall, or a fundraiser, I will tell the truth, even when it's hard. 
 A candidate who really deserves more attention weighs in with this (Bernie-esque) point.  
As someone who's won two races in a swing state, I say the same thing everywhere I go — in rural and urban areas, during the primary and general — and I speak the truth no matter who's there.That's why I'm announcing we'll open up fundraisers to press. Here's what they'll see: 
It’s hard to know what Trump’s Republican Party really stands for this week, but one thing’s for sure: They are absolutely desperate to make sure you and your family don’t get affordable health coverage. Let’s tell them how we feel about it in November.
Hello, New Hampshire! I’m not taking you for granite.  I committed to hold 50 town halls all across the state in the final 10 weeks—including my 14th, 15th, 16th ; 17th tomorrow. Find out where I’ll be ; stop by to ask me your toughest question:  
If only preschoolers voted, maybe Democrats on the stage would pander to them...As the first superintendent to ever run for president, I look forward to answering your question in NH tomorrow. 
Unlike and I wrote the damn public option bill, and I've been fighting for this for 10 years. When I'm president, we'll get it done so every American is covered and costs are lowered.
I'm more of a diner guy myself. Which one should we hold our next NH town hall in? Julien's?  
I'm much more interested in free preschool than I am in free college, as well as making sure the 70% of kids who don't graduate college can earn a living wage and not the minimum wage.
From running a school district with a budget 3 times the size of South Bend's, to winning 2 elections in a swing state ; 10 years in the Senate, including authoring the last comprehensive immigration bill — I have the experience it is going to take to beat
As the first school superintendent to ever run for president, I know that ending poverty would dramatically change the lives of kids in this country and transform the economy.Here’s my plan to cut childhood poverty in half in my first year: 
 Or if you are looking for a visual representation of the letter: 
 
 
Had a couple minutes between votes today so took a red pen to deranged letter to only did he deny selling out our country for his own gain and undermining the rule of law, but he also majorly misstated his "achievements" ... 
Let's change that:  
Together, we can send an unmistakable message to the rest of the world and the next generation: no matter who occupies the White House, our values hold true—and no one is above the law.
If we reaffirm our commitment to the rule of law, and uphold constitutional checks and balances, then I am hopeful this process will make our democracy stronger.
Today's impeachment marks both a dark time in our democracy, and a courageous act from my colleagues in the House of Representatives.
History is going to judge Donald Trump very harshly. We must restore credibility and respect to the White House. 
 Mark Zuckerberg “doesn’t understand how democracy works,” and Twitter’s political ad ban was “an act of incredible patrioti…
 "I thought it was absolutely pathetic when I read it and I thought history is going to judge Donald Trump very harshly, as…
I’m honored and grateful to have the support of anti-poverty leader Together, we will end childhood poverty across the country.  
This is the final push. If you believe we need a candidate who can beat Trump and who will fight for the next generation, we need your help to reach $700,000 by January 16th.Join us at  &gt;&gt;
If you asked a focus group what the Democratic education agenda is, they'd say free college.My priorities? Free preschool and ensuring the 70% of kids who don’t graduate college can earn a living wage, not the minimum wage. 
As other candidates have left the race, we've doubled down ; gained momentum in New Hampshire. Now is our moment.But without a significant uptick in fundraising, we won’t have the resources to capitalize on the groundwork that's been laid.Join us at 
 Now on - NH Primary Source: campaign previews TV, digital ad, releases ‘NH Investment Strategy’ memo 
 Now on - NH Primary Source: campaign previews TV, digital ad, releases ‘NH Investment Strategy’ memo 
We have an aggressive plan, including TV and digital advertising, more field staff, and direct mail.Here's a preview of the new ad series we want to launch if we hit our $700,000 goal.Chip in here to get it on the air:  
I've committed to hold 50 NH town halls in the 10 weeks before the primary ; we’ve doubled down there, with more staff, office space, and endorsements.But without a significant uptick in fundraising, we won’t have the resources to capitalize on the groundwork that's been laid. 
We've planted our flag in New Hampshire, but we need more resources to compete.Today, we're announcing our NH Investment Strategy to raise $700,000 by January 16th.If you believe we need a candidate who can beat Trump ; fight for our kids, join us: 
Our education system is reinforcing this country’s economic inequality, not liberating our kids from it.As the only school superintendent to ever run for president, everything I do is through the lens of how it will help the next generation succeed. 
Of course President Trump will try to make the Senate impeachment trial a circus — he’s spent the last 3 years making all of Washington a circus. It’s time we end the chaos. 
We have to beat Donald Trump. As the only candidate to have won two national races in a swing state, I know how. 
Thank you to Maria Law for your support! From tackling climate change to reimagining our education system, I’m fighting for the next generation.  
There is no department of children in America.As the first school superintendent to run for president, if I’m elected, the whole federal government is going to act like a department of children. Because how we treat the next generation is how we're going to be judged. 
The farthest place in the universe from our schools ; classrooms are the marble hallways of Washington, DC.As the first school superintendent to ever run for president, I will lead with one central question in mind: Will this help or hurt the next generation? 
 Just in: Sen. camp says he'll return Fri-Sat, 12/20-21 for 8 stops in southern, central NH as part of his "50…
 Just in: Sen. camp says he'll return Fri-Sat, 12/20-21 for 8 stops in southern, central NH as part of his "50 tow…
 LIVE on Presidential candidate is here to discuss his vision for America and why he believes he's the…
 "People in these early states quite rightly are trying to figure out who the right candidate is to beat Do…
 "I think it's critical for us to nominate somebody who can win in purple states," says.
Joining and in just a moment! Listen here:  
Our teacher compensation system was designed for a labor market that discriminated against women and suppressed their wages.It’s long past time we pay and support educators like the professionals they are. 
There should be no greater priority than ending poverty, and I’m honored that tireless leaders like endorse my approach.We can cut child poverty in half in just one year and completely eliminate poverty in a generation.Here's how:  
What's striking is that Tom Perez—made Chairman by a handful of party super-insiders—seems to actually believe it’s his prerogative to determine the presidential field ; which candidates we get to see ; hear from. Democratic voters should decide. Period. 
As a former school superintendent, every single thing I do is through the lens of it will help the kids I used to work for in Denver.  
Our democracy can only work if we subscribe to the rule of law. 
Russia hacked our democracy, and they continue to interfere now. Yet Mitch McConnell refuses to bring bipartisan election security bills to a vote. It’s a disgrace. Let’s make sure he knows it. 
Thank you to and Education Champions for the opportunity to share my vision for education from cradle to career. Stay tuned for the digital forum in January! 
 Special thank you to Presidential Candidate, for taking time out of your busy schedule to meet with the…
Poll conducted at this time in 2003: Dean 23%Clark 10%Lieberman 6%Sharpton 6%Gephardt 5%Kerry 4%Edwards 3% Kucinich 3%
After Columbine, which was more than 20 years ago, Colorado passed background checks.Today marks 7 years since  ; we've failed to respond.The House has done its job. I'm demanding McConnell let us vote to do the same. It's the least our kids deserve. 
I wrote the damn public option bill, and I've been fighting for it for 10 years. When I'm president, we'll get it done so every American is covered and costs are lowered. 
Hey, I said I’d tell the truth 
 Hanging with   to not just be the change we want to see, but aggressively demand the change we w…
How we treat the next generation is how we'll be judged. Nobody should be expendable in the United States of America. These parents are fighting for their kids. As the first superintendent to run for president, I’m fighting alongside them.   
 Thank you for your leadership! 
 Salute for mtg with  to talk about how important parent voice is in the education deba…
Thank you  for standing up for your kids. If this isn’t worth fighting for, then our democracy is not worth fighting for. And I know the number one fight any parent will have is a fight for their children.  
  is trending.  This forceful movement is getting the attention of candidates.  Thank…
 Report says: "The kids in Denver are growing so much faster than the rest of the state." Not afraid to sp…
 TOGETHERR..We are a  . 
 Props to for showing up. 
  Thank you for hearing our children’s voices.   
    
  cares. Showing up is half the battle.  
 came to speak with the      
 
 We are so grateful for 
 Q: What will you do to fully fund sustainable community schools with culturally responsible curriculum so black mothers like…
 I’m in Pittsburgh today for the  Looking forward to hearing how the 2020 Democratic candidates address how…
 We couldn’t agree more,  Thanks for joining us at the  today!   
Our next president should call on the Departments of Education, Housing, and Labor to work together to address the challenges our kids face inside and outside of the classroom, so every child in America has a chance to succeed. 
Education used to be the wind beneath our wings in this country, and it can be again with the right leadership. 
When one group of students has access to preschool and another doesn’t, then equal is not equal. 
 First presidential candidate says he supports six-day-a-week school, increase pay for teachers, and a longer…
 talks about why he is the best education president 
I think kids should have to go to school six days a week. 181 days is not enough if you’re a kid living in poverty in this country. 
This isn't just about what kind of schools we want, it's about what kind of country we want. 
  Public education funding is tied to real estate. Do you want to change this Yes. This isn't j…
  talks about South Carolina's schools as an example. The reason why where your zip…
Teacher pay was established when we had a labor market that discriminated against women. It’s unacceptable in the 21st century. We have to pay teachers like the professionals they are. 
If you asked Americans what Democrats are focused on, they’d say free college. The kids in our schools are a hell of a lot more interested in free preschool ; preparing the 70% of students who don’t go to college to earn a living wage. That’s what my agenda does. 
 Your parents income shouldn't have to determine what education you get. We need to make sure that c…
 No kid should graduate from high school without one year of community college under their belt.
 Bennet: "We have to massively increase what we pay teachers ... they have to be paid on a scale that looks like the other…
  at the  on investing in public education: "I think it's really important -- what w…
We’re live at the  talking about child poverty, teacher pay, and bringing our schools into the 21st century.  
 "We have to massively increase what we pay teachers in this country," tells the 
 We have to massively increase what we pay teachers in this country. That's what I think. They have to be paid on a scale that…
 Colorado Sen. is the 1st presidential candidate to take the stage at the Public Education Forum in Pitt…
  says if pre-schoolers voted, "We'd have a much more rational agenda than the one we're pursuing today." Sn…
 "I am the first school superintendent in the history of America to run for President of the United States," says
  When you were superintendent, what did you want to see the government do to improve public ed T…
 If our preschool kids voted, I feel like we'd have a much more coherent agenda than what we have today. We need to leave more…
 First up: Bennet is the first school superintendent to run for President.   
 What I took away from being superindendent in Denver is that schools cannot fix things by themselves. We have to fix poverty.…
Getting ready to head on stage for the  As the only school superintendent to ever run for president, I will lead from the White House with one central question in mind: Will this help or hurt the next generation?TUNE IN HERE: 
 Good to be with my good friend  . Thanks for joining our forum Michael Bennet 
 Dr. and at the   
Starting the day speaking with leaders in education including and and getting ready to take the stage at the  in here at 10:45 a.m. ET:  
We need a president who will tell the American people the truth. Period. 
Instead of wasting billions of dollars on trade wars, we need to invest in our farmers and revive rural communities. 
We can win in tough places with an agenda that unifies people. That’s what I’m running on and that’s what Democrats up and down the ballot can run on, too. 
As I told I wake up every day thinking about the future of our country and what kind of legacy we’re leaving the next generation. That’s why I’m running. And that’s why I need you with me. 
 Thanks to for visiting and helping to inspire the next generation of leaders. As you staye…
As reminded us, Senator Kennedy wanted to inspire active citizenship, especially for the next generation.  That’s what I’m fighting for. 
 Ted Kennedy wanted to remind us of the genius of our democracy. It’s far from perfect, but the genius is when we figure out how to make it work ; push our country to be more democratic, fair ; free. I bet that’s what he had in mind when he envisioned a place like 
Thank you to the ; the students from Lynn English HS for having me this week.  I am so grateful to for showing me around, extending Ted Kennedy’s legacy of public service ; ensuring the next generation of leaders can learn from his example. 
Thank you to everyone across the country who participated in our recent postcard-writing parties! Together, we can build more opportunity for the next generation and restore integrity to the White House. 
 Thank you to every Granite Stater I met this past week who is dedicated to making our country more democratic, more fair, and more free. I’ll see you again soon. 
 Team Bennet NH spent the afternoon packing holiday food boxes. The fact that more families are coming to the shelter than 10 years ago is a reflection of an economy ; society not working for too many. Thanks to New Horizons for the work they’re doing ; a chance to be part of it. 
 We wrapped up our five-day trip focused on building an economy that works for everyone, from paid leave to affordable child care ; housing.Thank you to everyone at ; New Horizons for opening your doors ; sharing your stories. 
I am full of pride and hope at the sight of young on the cover of Time — and I'm ashamed and angered by the insecure attacks by our president on Twitter. It’s obvious to all who has the real “anger management” problem.  
 As a Coloradan, I take my beer seriously. I had the chance to visit ; to talk about the importance of these businesses to their communities, as well as meet with more Granite Staters on our 50 town hall tour. 
 A visit to the North Country wouldn’t be complete without a stop in to the newsroom to sign Ice Box 2, alongside candidates from the last three races on Ice Box 1. 
 The seniors at were prepared with questions tougher than some debate moderators this week! Thank you to Social Studies Teacher Kat Murdough for inviting us. 
 We started Monday with another great living room conversation. Thank you to Maura Sullivan for opening your home and for the opportunity to share my vision for building a new type of politics in Washington that gives us the chance to create real opportunity in this country again. 
 Thank you to Nancy and her family for welcoming us into their Dover home and for a thoughtful conversation about building a stronger future together.  (And thanks for the special pepperoni pizza order too!) 
 Honored to have Calley AND Scott’s support and thankful they opened up their home in Manchester for their very first house party, so we could talk about fighting for the next generation and the kind of agenda we need to move the country forward. 
On Sunday, I was honored to receive an endorsement from hunger relief leader as I announced my anti-poverty agenda in Manchester.It is within our power to move tens of millions of Americans out of poverty and into the middle class, and I have a plan to do it. 
Every person who came to this Concord house party wanted to know how I was going to beat Trump and how I was going to get anything done in Washington. I’m the only candidate in this race with the experience and agenda to do both. It’s time we create a constituency for change. 
On the way to Gerri and Ron King’s house, we swung by the Concord Public Library. Too bad we couldn’t enjoy the flowers... 
We stopped by the former site of the Old Man of the Mountain. Thankfully, Colorado has prepared me to keep warm in New Hampshire winters... 
On Saturday, I spent time in the North Country, stopping in Lancaster ; Gorham to discuss the challenges these communities face, including inequities in health care and education. As president, I’ll spend as much time in rural areas as I do in urban, to close the growing divide. 
An evening in Andover quickly became one of my most memorable town halls. People traveled through a snowstorm to ask questions, share their stories ; concerns ; participate in our democracy. They deserve a leader who will create opportunity ; restore integrity to the White House. 
I also had the opportunity to sit down with small business leaders in Bedford to discuss the challenges they are facing and how we can build a stronger economy together. 
As I said in Salem, I’m committed to answering every last question that voters have. Because you deserve to know what my plans are and how I’m going to get things done as president. 
Started the trip in Salem, where we talked about the kind of agenda we need to unite not just the Democratic Party, but also some of the nine million people who voted twice for Barack Obama and then for Donald Trump. 
Just wrapped up a five-day swing through New Hampshire — the first after announcing our commitment to 50 town halls in the final 10 weeks before the  primary. Here are a few of the highlights from along the way:
Excited to announce we’re officially on the ballot in Texas! Together, we can build more opportunity for the next generation and make Trump a one-term president. 
The next generation of Americans has too much at stake for us not to nominate someone who will serve two full terms. 
 “There is no greater compliment I could pay anyone: is cut from the same public service cloth as Ted Ke…
TUNE IN: I'm live at the talking to local high school students about the role we all play in making our country more democratic, more fair, and more free. 
If we were focused on the next generation, we wouldn’t be standing for free college. We’d be standing for free preschool. We’d be standing up for the 70% of kids who don’t go to college and need to earn a living wage. We’d be standing for my proposal to end poverty. 
 The Institute's  program with is underway as Institute Co-Founder and Board President
 "What's missing in this race," asks responds with "the ne…
 Happening now: Senator  speaks with  in the Institute’s replica Senate Chamber for a 
 Politico's moderating conversation with Democratic presidential candidate  
Tune in tonight to We covered everything from my favorite books to my plan to spend more time in New Hampshire than any other candidate. Great interview with 
 Thank you for hosting a roundtable with leading the charge for Paid Family and Medical…
Next stop: A former elementary school that is turning into a shelter for families. As a former school superintendent, it was great to see they are keeping some of the classrooms as learning spaces for kids. 
Spending the afternoon with to learn about their efforts to end housing instability and hunger in New Hampshire.First stop: Nashua Soup Kitchen ; Shelter to see how they provide 81,000 boxes of food/year and daily meals to the community ; kids in local schools. 
 We’re kicking off our tour of the Nashua Soup Kitchen ; Shelter with  discussing the importance of aff…
Yesterday, announced 57 more layoffs in the Quad Cities.Also yesterday, claimed we have “the best Economy ever!”Enough. Let’s end the trade war and put these people back to work. Leave the bragging to those who actually keep their promises.
This is exactly what the founders were worried about. We don’t elect kings in this country, and nobody is above the law. 3/3
The President has made it very difficult for Congress to do the oversight that the Constitution requires and that the American people demand. He’s obstructed and stonewalled at every step of the way, and today’s announcement reflects that. 2/3
We have to follow due process and the rule of law, but if the evidence of the President’s wrongdoing and abuse of power continues to remain consistent with what we’ve seen, it’s likely I will vote to impeach. 1/3 
Important point made today by Everybody is 1 of 4 types of caregivers. Those who are caregivers, those who have been, those who will be, and those who need care. We must pass paid family ; medical leave—and it will be a priority in a Bennet Administration.
 We start off by speaking with about his race for the Democratic nomination and the House unveiling artic…
This lack of mobility is why I’m running for president. We have to create opportunity again. Together my plans to expand the Child Tax Credit ; Earned Income Tax Credit, pass paid family/medical leave ; raise the minimum wage will make a dramatic difference for families.
If I had to summarize my last 10 years of town halls, it’s that people are working hard but can’t afford some combination of health care, housing, child care ; higher education—in other words they can’t afford a middle-class life. Families can’t afford another 10 years like this.
A powerful discussion on the importance of paid family ; medical leave, protections against discrimination in the workforce, and helping families when they hit hard times. I’m grateful to everyone who shared their stories at the panel this morning. 
 For most of the last 70 years we have been a force for stability in the world. We've been a force to tamp down the storm. Now, in a way, we are the storm. Our next president has to reverse that.
 I know from my parents’ example what an important beacon of light this country is when we’re not perfect, but trying to live up to our founding principles.
 The best thing we can do for people like my mom and my grandparents—who came to America after surviving the Holocaust—is be the best democracy we can be to show the world the strength of pluralism.
 I learned from my father, who was working for the U.S. embassy in New Delhi when I was born, that the world is interconnected and that America has a particularly unique role to play in our expression of pluralistic and democratic values.
Tonight’s town hall host, Carroll County Dem Chair Knute Ogren, started with a moment of silence. Given the chaos in Washington, we couldn’t have asked for anything better. We need a president you won’t have to worry about every night. That’s why I’m running. 
ICYMI: Thank you to for having me on the 
 This Wednesday, December 11, join the Institute for a  conversation with presidential candidate
WATCH NOW: I'm live in the newsroom, talking with founder Mark Guerringue and the rest of the ed board (and Shorty, who has met many presidential candidates over the last 10 years). 
Officially on the ballot in Arizona! As the only candidate in this primary who has won two national races in a purple swing state, I know what it takes to win in tough places, and I've got an agenda that Democrats up and down ballot can run on, not away from. 
You deserve to hear directly from me about what my plans are, how I'm going to pay for them, and how I'm going to take on Trump. I’ll answer your toughest questions, and I’ll tell you the truth. 
I'm going living room to living room, town hall to town hall, to answer the toughest questions you've got, Granite Staters.Had a great conversation in Portsmouth this morning about fighting for the next generation and building a strong middle class. 
 ICYMI- joined from and myself for our series on "Issues Affecting NH's Middle Class". h…
 NH Primary Source: Anti-poverty leader Billy Shore endorses Bennet in NH  
 . Substantive policy discussion today for with  ; about ways to  pr…
Grateful to have the support of who has led the fight against poverty and hunger in our country. We can end poverty in a generation, and the plan we unveiled yesterday will put us on a path to do that.  
 “People...need leaders who are putting the interests of the next generation first because it is the right thing to do, not…
 “When I was a school superintendent, I often used to ask, ‘Why is Washington so mean to our kids?’ When I a…
 Second, love central question: “Will this help or hurt the next generation?”It makes sure that the need…
 First, the has strongly endorsed American Family Act of 2019. It alone would cut child pov…
 Now on - NH Primary Source: Anti-poverty leader Billy Shore endorses in NH; Former Gary Hart aide says…
Thanks, Allison! Glad to have you with us as we fight for the next generation and to move the country forward. 
I've said it before, and I'll say it again: The process is stifling debate at a time when we need it most. If we wanted to be the party that excluded people, we'd be Republicans. 
Not surprising that Comrade Cruz also agrees with Putin. 
There should be no greater priority than ending poverty, and I’m honored that tireless leaders like Billy endorse my approach. 
My plan will:✅Cut child poverty in half by the end of my first year in office✅Cut adult poverty in half by the end of my first term✅Eliminate homelessness by the end of my second term✅Put America on the path to completely eliminate poverty within a generation
As president, I will lead from the White House with one central question in mind: Will this help or hurt the next generation?I’ve seen the devastating effects poverty has on kids and their families.I have a plan to change that.
 Now on - NH Primary Source: Anti-poverty leader Billy Shore endorses in NH; Former Gary Hart aide says Col…
  to "You were one of the first to really vocally stand up against on the Medi…
 Thank you Senator for participating in our  Victims’ Rights Series.   
 The only people that can save the democracy are the American people themselves. As Jefferson said, there's nobody else to answer the fire bells at night besides citizens and that's what we need to do.
 Our democracy is at risk. Donald Trump is a symptom of the issues that we're facing, but he is not the essential cause of them.
 What we're seeing in the world now is what happens when there's a vacuum of American leadership.
ICYMI: Thank you to for having me on   
As of this week, we are on the ballot in Alabama!  I'm the only candidate in this primary who has won two national races in a purple swing state.I know what it takes to win in tough places and what it’s going to take to beat Donald Trump in 2020. 
As a former superintendent, I’ve seen many factors in a kid’s life that can affect ability to learn. But one of the most insidious ; heartbreaking is domestic ; sexual violence. Thank you, for sharing insights about the work we can do together to put an end to this. 
Thank you to and for having me on CloseUp this morning to talk  Watch the full segment here ⬇️ 
Ron and Gerri and the famous kugel. A lot has changed since I was at this same house in March... but the warmth of Ron and Gerri, the thoughtfulness of the people, and the kugel have not.  
Coming down from the North Country with a stop at Franconia Notch on our 50 Town Hall tour across New Hampshire. Find an event near you at    
WATCH NOW: Share Our Strength founder and I are live in Manchester discussing how we can fight poverty and end hunger in America:
A recent study found that only 14 percent of American students could distinguish reliably between fact and opinion. As lays out, we have to prepare our kids to succeed not just as workers, but as citizens in our democracy. That’s why I’m running. 
New Hampshire: I’m here! Come by and ask me your toughest question at one of our 50 town halls across the Granite State. You can find one near you at 
“This blue...speaks to our need for a stable and dependable foundation. We’re living in a time that requires trust and faith. We’re looking to those we can depend on.”-Laurie Pressman, Color Institute
I did promise you wouldn't have to think about me for two weeks at a time when I'm president. Sounds like anti-anxiety to me... 
While only one of these headlines is about me, the second is just as true. I’m here to answer your toughest questions and share my vision for how we can unify our country and actually govern again. 
Prepping for the day with some beautiful North Country views. 
Voters in New Hampshire haven’t made up their minds, and I’m going to be here when you do. 
I'm going to meet people in their living rooms and businesses. I’m going to answer every single question. I’m going to tell the truth.  
There’s just over two months left until the  primary. Granite Staters, I'm ready to answer your toughest questions. Find a town hall near you at  and hear more from my interview with and ↓ 
 "I am here to learn from you" Thank you U.S. Senator  for meeting with us today along with advocates and activi…
If we focus on what we’re going to leave our kids and our grandkids, if we use that as our organizing cause, maybe we would lay down these stupid ideological battles and actually start making some progress.
Recording a radio interview with ; looking out on this snowy evening in Concord, NH. We’re talking about issues that affect middle-class families ; how we can actually make progress on raising incomes, lowering drug prices ; making education more affordable. 
50 town halls. 10 weeks. Hit me with the toughest questions you've got, New Hampshire.  
Kicking off five days of town halls in NH with a packed coffee house and one of the more insightful questions I’ve been asked on the trail: “One Amazon is shrinking, but another Amazon is growing — what would you do to reverse this?” 
Sat down with and this morning to talk about today's big announcement. Excited to get the first of our 50 town halls underway in the Granite State today.  
Bringing it back for you courtesy of Coffee Coffee owner Barry!  
 In a digital ad this morning announces he will hold 50 New Hampshire town halls in the 10 weeks leading u…
 Just in: Sen. - "all in" in  NH -- announces in digital ad he'll hold 50 town halls in the state ; "answer e…
Voters in New Hampshire haven't made up their minds ; I’m going to be here when you do. I'm holding 50 town halls between now ; the primary to answer every last question ; show why I'm the best candidate to beat Trump. Find an event near you at   
 Just in: Sen. - "all in" in  NH -- announces in digital ad he'll hold 50 town halls in the state ; "answe…
Dan Calegari was an integral part of Sen. Gary Hart’s insurgent primary victory in the Granite State in 1984. He knows what it takes to win, and I'm honored to have his support. 
We need to put Mitch McConnell and the Freedom Caucus in the rearview mirror.Read more in ↓
Excited to announce that we are now on the ballot in Tennessee!As the only candidate to win two national races in a purple swing state, I know what it takes to win in tough places and what it’s going to take to beat Donald Trump in 2020. 
Honored to have the support of a longtime leader in the Granite State — State Representative Marjorie Smith.  
I think society is judged by what we leave for the next generation. And if we keep going down the road we’ve been on for the last 10 years, we’re going to be the first generation to leave less opportunity to those who come after us.Read ↓
State Rep. Joyce Fulweiler has spent a lifetime in public service, and I am honored to have her support. 
If we want to make lasting change in our country, we can’t just win the White House. We have to take back the Senate with a broad coalition across the country. 
Beating Trump isn’t enough. Too many Americans are struggling to afford a decent  middle-class life. We have to govern again and move this country forward.Read more in ↓
After successfully blocking GOP attacks on the ACA, we were on offense for one blessed week. Then intro'd Medicare for All ; others followed him over the cliff.We should be on offense on healthcare. We're the party for covering everyone. 
Officially on the ballot in Oklahoma! In communities across the country, far too many families are working incredibly hard, but struggling to afford a good middle-class life. That’s why I’m running. 
The cause of Western democracy has been set back by Donald Trump. We must make him a one-term president. 
 Now on -  NH Primary Source: 11-term state Rep. Marjorie Smith endorses for president; Durham Democrat…
 Now on -  NH Primary Source: 11-term state Rep. Marjorie Smith endorses for president; Durham Democrat say…
We need a nominee who is the opposite of Donald Trump.As the only candidate in the race to win two national elections in a swing state, I know what it takes to beat him. 
Coming up next with 
In order to tackle the climate crisis, we’ll have to overcome Washington’s inaction. We’ll need local leaders, like the Linn County supervisors, who are interested in finding solutions and delivering for the next generation.Read more in ↓
Excited to announce we’re officially on the ballot in my home state of Colorado! The people I meet on the trail are a lot like the people of Colorado — they’re working hard and want to be able to afford a good middle-class life for their families. That’s why I’m running. 
 bonding with Anne Bennet on the trail was not a one-time occurrence.In fact, at some point, she met all three of my daughters and couldn’t have been warmer every time.  
  I'm for Michael Bennet. He’s gonna succeed by his resolve, knowledge, depth, politeness, humanity. Th…
When I said I was going to go everywhere and talk to everyone, I meant it. 
 NEW &gt;&gt; Research shows performs better than frontrunners Biden, Sanders ; Warren in appealing to the vot…
“So, it's not gonna be easy. It's gonna be really hard; we're gonna have to work at this everyday, but I wanna do that because I want [to save democracy].” cc: 
One of the most important things I’ve learned in my career is that when you build a team, you find people who are much better at their job than you’ll ever be and then set them to work tackling a big challenge. 
From the to the and minor league teams are integral to local communities.That's why I called on Commissioner Rob Manfred to reconsider his proposal to eliminate 42 minor league baseball teams across the country. 
 We hope you’ll join us Tuesday, December 10 for a roundtable discussion with presidential candidate and U.S. Senator
Iowa has more counties that voted twice for Obama and once for Donald Trump than any other state. We need an agenda that will win them back. And that’s what I’m offering.Read more in ↓
Officially on the ballot in South Carolina thanks to Team Bennet's Together, we can drive opportunity for the next generation and build a broad coalition for change. 
Donald Trump is the weakest president we’ve had in a lifetime. Our next president must restore America to its place on the world’s stage and rebuild Americans’ trust in the office. 
Thank you to everyone on Team Bennet who gathered at more than 50 parties across the country to write postcards to voters in early states. We couldn’t do this without you. 
I think what voters want is an agenda that will unleash opportunity in this country. Where the zip code a kid is born in doesn’t determine where they end up. Read more in ↓
Trump cut taxes by almost $2 trillion for the wealthiest households, but then slashes food assistance for low-income kids and families?Cruel is one word that comes to mind.
President Trump was right to call the question on China, but he did it in exactly the wrong way: using our farmers as bargaining chips. 
We all have an elevated role as American citizens to fight for our communities and improve upon the vision of our Founders. represents the best of our nation and is shaping our democracy as part of a new generation of Founders. Congrats on your historic victory!
Did the President of the United States just throw a temper tantrum and storm out of a national security summit with our closest allies? Yes, yes he did. 
Make the White House normal again. That is what we’ve got to do. 
We need to build a broad coalition outside Washington to overcome the corruption of inaction plaguing our politics ; tackle the  crisis. That's the only way we'll create a solution that endures. Bipartisan effort from is exactly that. 
I’ve got the experience and the agenda to take on As the only candidate in the race to win two national elections in a swing state — I’m ready. 
We have to make the White House normal again.
 On CNN, reiterates that he will remain in the race through Iowa and New Hampshire."We've got to resto…
What it takes to make it to between votes....the opposite of just chillin’ in Cedar Rapids. 
Tune in next: Joining to discuss the latest on the impeachment inquiry and the 2020 race 
Kamala Harris has spent her career defending those who need it most. Her leadership is critical, in the Senate ; in our party, as we continue to wage the fight for justice. As a friend and colleague, I'm grateful for her voice in this race and know she has a strong future ahead.
I’m running for president because the kids I used to work for in the Denver Public Schools need someone to speak up for their generation. 
Too often, where a child is born determines the quality of their education, and by extension, their future. We must do more to ensure all kids in America can succeed. 
To beat Donald Trump, we need an agenda that will unify the Democratic Party and win back some of the nine million people who voted twice for Barack Obama and once for Donald Trump.That's the agenda I'm offering. 
I haven't spent a lifetime in politics. It means I approach things differently. As the former superintendent of the Denver Public Schools, I get up every day thinking about how we can build a better future for our kids. 
 Senator is officially on the ballot in SC! On behalf of the campaign, State Director filed today for…
Another day, another diner.  
Thank you to everyone who came out for a great conversation in Iowa City last night. It will take all of us, engaging as citizens in our democracy, to beat Donald Trump and move our country forward.(📷: 
This campaign isn’t about Facebook ads or cable hits. It’s about what voters on the ground across the country care about — beating Trump and moving the country forward. Thank you, Henry, for your support and your lifetime of leadership in public service. 
That feeling you have that our schools are failing, our infrastructure is crumbling, and mental health resources are more scarce than they were decades ago… that’s a consequence of Washington having the wrong priorities. We need a president who will lead us in a new direction.
The failure of our political institutions and lack of economic mobility have caused the American people to lose faith. We’ve got to start governing the country again for everyone. 
To restore America’s place on the world’s stage, we have to beat in 2020. There’s no other way to do it. 
Our party is stronger because of — who won in a red state ; is a proven leader who got money out of politics ; expanded Medicaid.Here’s the truth: rules that excluded him from the debates were unfair to the Governor ; a detriment to our party ; country.
Thank you to former Johnson County Attorney Patrick White for your support and kind introduction tonight. I agree — Donald Trump is dangerous. Together, we will make him a one-term president and move our country forward. 
Coming soon to a store near you: 
As snow began to fall outside, we gathered in Iowa City for a town hall full of questions, debate ; good humor. Everyone in this room wants to beat Trump ; leave a better world for our kids. That’s why I’m running ; it’s why we need a nominee with the experience ; vision to win. 
It’s because of people like those in Cedar Rapids tonight, who took time out of their holiday weekend to discuss saving our democracy, that I have hope we will come together to defeat Donald Trump ; create real opportunity across the country. 
I’m the only candidate in this race who has won two national elections in a purple swing state.I know you don’t say one thing in a primary and another in a general or one thing in rural areas and another in urban areas.You win in tough places by telling the truth. 
Tackling climate change will be a boon for our economy. That's an argument I certainly won't lose to Donald Trump. He should be the last climate denier to ever win the White House. 
As a former school superintendent, I’m a lot more interested in free preschool than I am in free college. 
 Hey, your move... 
 Asked about the national debt, says the Democrats in Washington don't care about it. He says while Republica…
 Senator in Iowa City calls Donald Trump the “weakest president on foreign policy we have had in our lifetime.”…
 Here at Carpenters Local 1260, has filled up the room on his sweep through Eastern Iowa.  
Whether you're in Colorado or Iowa or New Hampshire, for too many Americans, a good middle-class life is getting harder and harder to afford.It's time to reward hard work once again and make sure we have an economy that works for everyone. 
Just had a great town hall with the Linn Phoenix Club, whose mission is to turn Iowa blue. Winning down ballot races cannot be an afterthought. As the only candidate who has won two national elections in a swing state, I’m running on an agenda to do just that. 
I’m just chillin’ in Cedar Rapids. 
A nice walk from earlier this week in New Hampshire. Hope you’re all enjoying the holiday weekend. 
When our economy isn’t at full capacity, workers living paycheck to paycheck suffer the most. To help all Americans rise up, we need to appoint a pro-worker Federal Reserve and aggressively respond to recessions.Read more in my Plan to Reward Hard Work:  
 michael bennet did the playbook bday of the day q+a on video for the world to see 
Falling. Off. The. Bone. Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! 
Turning 55 on this Turkey Day!And answered a few questions for Playbook to mark the occasion. cc: 
Today’s Playbook Q;A: my favorite book, a little history, and some more fun facts like this.  
Thanks for the inspiration!
With my new apron (thanks to my daughters for the birthday present), I'm preparing my infamous twist on Madhur Jaffrey's chicken for our Thanksgiving turkey vindaloo. Look out for the finished bird ; recipe later today. 
Spending the day cooking away with the girls! Hope everyone is having a wonderful Thanksgiving. 
Honored to have the support of two longtime Democratic leaders in the Granite State — State Representative Joyce Fulweiler and Democratic activist Dan Calegari.  
Climate change can't be addressed on a two-year election cycle. It's an existential threat, and we need an enduring solution to tackle it. 
 NEW: speaks with Dem presidential candidate about his foreign policy. "[T]he first vi…
My grandparents and my mom rebuilt their shattered lives after the Holocaust in the only place they could: America. What they found was democracy, freedom, and love. We must pass this legacy on to all future Americans. 
Brought a little bit of the Granite State back to Colorado with me this week — both the hat and the weather! 
Building a coalition of our allies to stand up and defend democracy must be our priority. 
Middle-class workers spent 11.5% of household income on premiums and deductibles in 2018. My Medicare X plan will expand coverage while making health care more affordable.
 In case you we're unable to join us today in New Hampshire, here are some great pictures from today's event! 📸
We can't allow gerrymandered districts or Citizens United to control our democracy. We need to restore faith in our democratic institutions. 
We need a president who will represent and have conversations with all Americans, not just those who support him or her. This is how we begin to reunite our country. 
What happened to Julie and Shane could happen to anyone, which is why it’s so critical we live in a country where everyone is covered and we lower the cost of care. I’ve never met a family facing more hardship with such incredible resolve. Very grateful they told their story. 
I’m going to be here in New Hampshire until every last Granite Stater has decided who they are voting for because I have a plan to move America forward. Read about it in the here:  
Donald Trump has failed to act in the best interests of the American people time and again. We need to make him a one-term president. 
The American people are looking for a new generation of leadership. 
After a day canvassing in Manchester, about to join on Tune in! 
Rain, sleet, or snow won’t stop us from talking to New Hampshire voters, meeting them where they are, and listening to how we can all move our country forward. 
Knocking doors ; making friends 
Kicking off our Day of Action in Manchester with ; our middle daughter, Halina, who drove down from college for the day! 
No one is above the law, not even We have to stay relentlessly focused on making him a one-term president. And that’s why I’m running. 
 2020 Democratic Presidential candidate Sen. of Colorado joins and a panel of guests to di…
Tune in this morning to Joining live from New Hampshire → 
The American people cannot afford another four years of 
The most existential question I’ve been asked on the campaign trail was, “Can democracy solve climate change?” This is what’s at stake in this election. 
 Presidential candidate and Senator will be in Londonderry (Rockingham County Dems office) for a Meet ;…
In 1860, Abraham Lincoln gave his Cooper Union address and practically blew the roof off the place. Rhetoric about uniting the country, a vision we continue to strive for today. 
Unifying our country can start with an idea as simple as this: putting our kids and grandkids first. 
 WATCH: Dana's on on one with 2020 hopeful Sen. Michael Bennet 
We need an agenda that will unite the American people to defeat Discussed this ; making progress for kids and families across the country with earlier today. 
Pretzel, please. 
Back with on the news of the week: Impeachment. Tune in soon! 
Live now with — tune in to hear the latest on the impeachment process and 2020 campaign trail 
Our kids deserve so much more than what we are offering them today. That's what drives me every day on the trail to keep fighting for the next generation. 
LIVE: Joining on talking about how we will invest in this country, our workers ; education system so our kids actually have a fighting chance in the 21st century. Watch here:  
 Thank you for visiting us in Clinton and sharing your and vision for moving our nation fo…
 Happening now:  Democratic presidential candidate sits down with to talk about his…
Starting the morning with on  the episode later today to hear our reaction to  foreign policy questions ; discussion on authoritarianism, pluralism and the need to beat Trump ; restore American leadership around the world. 
From Bettendorf to Clinton, had a great visit to Eastern IA this week. Thank you to Neil Armstrong Elementary Rock-It Academy ; for taking time to talk about how we can build a stronger future for the next generation. 
 Michael Bennet is worth paying attention to.
 Can be president and all the people on this stage in his cabinet? 
At least 22 transgender Americans have been killed this year alone. I’m thinking of them and their loved ones on this  rededicating myself to fight for a safer, more just country for all our neighbors. Today and every day, trans rights are human rights.
If watching this debate made you less confident these candidates can beat Donald Trump, click here to donate to someone who has actually won twice in a swing state ; has an agenda that can win:  
1. Expand the Child Tax Credit ; cut child poverty with my American Family Act 2. Expand the EITC3. Pass paid family/medical leave4. Raise the minimum wage5. Change the tax code so the wealthiest aren’t paying less in taxes than middle-class Americans 
If we falter at this critical moment, America’s ability to secure our future and defend our values will be set back, and humanity will suffer. We have no choice but to succeed.
"We've been happy here ever since, beyond our greatest dreams and expectations, with democracy, freedom, and love, and humanity’s greatest treasure. We hope that when you grow up, you will help develop in other parts of the world a greater understanding of these American values."
15 years after my grandparents came to America, they sent me a note to celebrate my first birthday."The ancient Greeks gave the world the high ideals of democracy, in search of which your dear mother and we came to the hospitable shores of beautiful America in 1950."
America First didn’t liberate Europe. America First didn’t defeat Soviet Communism. America First didn’t forge an international order that helped billions of our fellow human beings escape poverty and disease.
The world needs American leadership, and as president, I will act urgently to reclaim it. 
Force alone cannot keep us safe. You can’t bomb climate change any more than you can launch a cruise missile at White Nationalism.
Today, a new coal plant in Calcutta can mean new wildfires in Colorado, just as a Russian troll farm in St. Petersburg can reach voters in St. Paul. To meet these challenges, we need the support of other nations.
Climate, China, the attack on democracy - all of these challenges demand urgent American leadership.They call on us, not to discard our best foreign policy traditions, but to reaffirm them for a new era. 
Between 2011 and 2013, China poured more concrete than we did in the entire 20th century. 
President Trump has isolated the United States as the only nation on Earth outside the Paris climate agreement. In humanity’s greatest test, Trump has put America on the sidelines.
If you were to sum it up, the Trump doctrine has been to take bad situations and make them a thousand times worse; embrace our enemies; confound our allies; and betray our strength and our values.
In every arena, the president acts as if we were some two-bit, transactional power instead of the world’s indispensable nation. It’s why he’s been rolled by Turkey ; North Korea ; also by Saudi Arabia, Russia ; China. He's a fundamentally weak foreign policy president. 
The president’s ignorance of our values is matched only by his ignorance of the world. His ignorance is a weakness that foreign leaders have rushed to exploit. 
If anyone in America tweeted like President Trump, they’d have a meeting with HR the next morning. And if their response was, don’t worry, I’m a “very stable genius,” they’d be fired on the spot.
As the president has penned love letters to Kim Jong-Un, he’s hurled insults at our allies. 
The decision to scuttle the Iran deal, even though it was working and even though there was no alternative in place, was like abandoning a lifeboat at sea because we wanted a better one, even with no better one in sight. 
For all Trump’s criticism of the war, the president has drawn all the wrong lessons from Iraq.
America’s power is inseparable from American values. Democracy, pluralism, the rule of law - our values drew others toward us.
America’s active role in the world is why, 54 years ago, I was born in New Delhi, India of all places. My dad had taken a job with the U.S. ambassador to India at the time, joining a wave of young people motivated to deepen our global ties during the Cold War.
Force alone cannot keep us safe.
America is never secure in isolation. 
How does someone unfit for an internship at  become Commander-in-Chief? 
Over the past three years, America and the world have seen the costs and dangers of a president who lacks any coherent strategy for foreign policy. 
Tune in now for my remarks at  
This election is about beating it’s also about building a broad coalition across the country to make progress on health care, climate change, and education, and creating more opportunity for the next generation. 
We need to build more homes near good jobs and good schools and ensure people can actually afford them. That’s the bottom line for creating opportunity for all Americans.
Every child should be at the center of a community that offers them a real chance to flourish personally and prosper financially.
 Join the and the along with to discuss Getting Better Result…
Instead of taking private employer insurance away from 180 million people with Medicare for All, let’s finish what the ACA started and provide everyone the choice of buying a public option.
We must overcome the forces trying to separate the American people from our government. We must drive special interests and money out of our politics and bring the American people back in.
On Day 1 of the Bennet Administration, we'll get to work on tackling the climate crisis by engaging a broad coalition of Americans, including our farmers ; ranchers, to develop durable solutions to this existential threat. We don’t have a moment to waste.
Democracy is under attack at home and across the globe. We must rise to defend it and secure our elections.
We need to put workers first and ensure hard work is rewarded with a living wage ; good middle-class life. My plan invests in workers, expands the Child Tax Credit, ensures paid leave, and strengthens collective bargaining.
 Tonight at CFR: discusses his proposed changes to U.S foreign policy and how the United States can best meet th…
Had a great time meeting Virginia voters (and future voters!) last night at Settle Down Easy Brewing in Falls Church. Thank you to everyone who came out to talk about building a stronger future for the next generation. 
Happy birthday to Tom Harkin! Thank you for your leadership as Chairman of the HELP Committee, where we served together, and for your tireless work on behalf of Iowa and our entire nation. 
 Now: After promising to spend more time in NH than any other candidate thru the  primary, is returning 11…
Solving the refugee crisis at the border means doing our part to support economic growth and the rule of law in the Northern Triangle. Looking out for our neighbors is what strong countries do. 
One of the biggest things we can do to reduce cost in our healthcare system is to live healthier lives. And our policies can help encourage that. 
We need to reverse the Trump tax cuts for the rich and start investing in America again. 
I’ll put my bipartisan record up against anyone else's in this race. I represent a state that’s a third Democratic, a third Republican, and a third Independent — and it’s my job to work for all of them, not just the ones who voted for me. 
I'm with Donald Trump is ripping healthcare away from millions. Let's protect the ACA and build on it with a public option. 
I'm focused on solutions, not slogans. 
 Sen. "We need to fix our education system -- but it's not about free college, it's about free pre-school." htt…
 Sen. "Companies are making record profits and vast amounts of wealth are being created but that wealth is only…
 Second to last: are still America, and as citizens we have the power to reset the rules and return…
Great running into at the end of the night! says hello too.  
Thanks for having me in our power to renew the promise of America for our children ; our children’s children—and for millions of refugees ; immigrants who, like my mom, came to America for a better life ; have helped build America into the greatest nation on Earth. 
Don’t be mistaken, is not rocking a hat—it’s a fedora. Keep the tough questions coming our way!  
This is how you speech prep for  listening to R.E.M.’s Eponymous 
Reelecting Trump would be intolerable. But we have to do more than that — we have to figure out how to govern this country again. 
There’s a lot that I wish was different about today’s politics. But we’re here. And there isn’t anybody to rescue us from this situation but us. 
Here's a bit from Friday night's town hall in Nashua. That was a good day for America. The rule of law pushed back on the attempts to undermine our institutions. 
My grandparents and my mom came to this country after the Holocaust to rebuild their shattered lives in the only place they could.I've never met anyone more patriotic. They got a lot from this country, and they gave a lot back. That's how this is supposed to work. 
Congratulations This is how Democrats will win in 2020—with a vision that can unite Democrats ; build a broad coalition around creating economic opportunity, expanding Medicaid, and investing in education.
Nobody in America is above the law. Not Donald Trump, and not Mitch McConnell. 
I'm the only candidate in this race who has won two national elections in a swing state. We need to bring Americans together around issues that unite us to make sure is a one-term president. 
I've spent the last ten years fighting for a public option, because every American deserves the choice to make the best healthcare decision for their family. 
As the first school superintendent to run for president, I’m focused on creating a better future for our kids. We can't be the first generation of Americans to leave less opportunity, not more, to our kids and grandkids. 
I refuse to be part of the first generation to leave less opportunity, not more, to our kids ; grandkids. That’s why I’m running for president. It's why we must beat Donald Trump. And it's why I’m fighting to transform our economy, reimagine our schools ; tackle climate change. 
Tune into now to hear the latest on my campaign in New Hampshire, my focus on the next generation, and my Medicare-X healthcare plan to give families the choice of an affordable public option. 
In our housing system right now, people who are poor subsidize people who are rich. It's time we do the opposite of that. 
My parents worked for the embassy in New Delhi when I was born, and I can tell you that the people who serve our nation around the world as part of the foreign service, our intelligence agencies, and DOD are some of the most incredibly dedicated patriots I have ever seen. 
As of this week, we are on the ballot in Utah!  I'm the only candidate in this primary who has won two national races in a purple swing state.I know what it takes to win in tough places and what it’s going to take to beat Donald Trump in 2020. 
 Great crowd on hand for here at  
 Presidential candidate speaks w  NH volunteers about saving more lives from cancer. How? Improv…
 Presidential candidate Senator meets with   volunteers on how we can make cancer a national pr…
  leads a town hall ⁦ !  
This president doesn’t give a damn about anyone but himself. 
I trust the American people to make their own decisions about their own healthcare coverage.We can get to universal coverage with my Medicare-X public option plan without making private employer insurance illegal for 180 million Americans. 
Warren: Anyone in favor of a public option is virtually a Republican.Also Warren: Here's my plan for a... public option.
Honored to meet with so many advocates today who are fighting for better care and a cancer cure. Thank you for the opportunity to hear your stories and to share my own. 
While tweets, China expands its global economic influence and Iran announces new centrifuges.We need a president who is the opposite of Donald Trump. 
I'm with President Obama. Voters "are not driven by the same views that are reflected on...left-leaning Twitter feeds..." "They like seeing things improved. But the average American doesn’t think that we have to completely tear down the system and remake it." 
If we’re going to win the presidency and the Senate, we have to win purple swing states. We have to unify the Democratic Party and the nine million Obama-Trump voters. I have the agenda to do it. 
Excited to announce that we are now on the ballot in Michigan!As the only candidate to win two national races in a purple swing state, I know what it takes to win in tough places and what it’s going to take to beat Donald Trump in 2020. 
Hey fixed that for you, been fighting for a public option choice for families for a decade: That was before you were for single payer.Which was before you were for my plan. 
Our current education system reinforces the inequality in our society, instead of liberating kids from it. I got into this race to build more opportunity for the next generation. Glad to have Roy Romer with me in this fight to put all kids on a path to success! 
Thank you to the for having me today at for a great conversation about building opportunity for the next generation.We need your voices ; your vote to take our country in a new direction in November 2020! 
 Our had a visitor at their monthly meeting today! Thanks to for stopping by to talk to our students!…
The 70% of kids who graduate from high school ; don’t go to college should be able to earn a living wage, not the minimum wage.We need to connect the dots between what’s taught in schools, the way we pay for it ; the needs of local employers. 
Backtracking on Medicare for All: got a plan for that.My statement → 
In order to win in swing states, we need to win back some of the more than 9 million people who voted twice for Barack Obama and then for Donald Trump. Glad to have Ed with us in this fight. 
We need two things to beat Trump: the courage to propose big ideas and the fortitude to build broad coalitions to achieve them. If we settle for just one, then we’re giving him a chance. If we choose both, then he’s finished. Let’s pick both.
Will was a top aide to Gary Hart's insurgent 1984 campaign when they won in New Hampshire. I'm glad to have Senator Hart and Will's support as we continue to expand our operation in the Granite State. 
Our kids don’t have time for us to spend 10 years on a losing battle for Medicare for All. We need to get everyone covered in three years with a public option, drive economic opportunity, tackle climate change, and so much more. 
Thank you to for giving and me a great taste of Memphis. was my kind of breakfast spot. 
Wishing a happy birthday to Thank you for everything you do for Democrats up and down the ballot in the Granite State.
In competitive House races in 2018, Dem candidates who supported Medicare for All did worse than those who didn't, even when controlling for other factors. There's a better way: My Medicare-X public option plan, which Dems up ; down the ballot can run with, not away from. 
My heart is broken for the loved ones of the young people we lost today, as well as every student and parent who lives in fear that their community will be next.We must come together as a country to end this epidemic. Enough is enough.
When the economy grows, it should grow for everyone. 
The Constitution is very clear:The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Visually Compelling Treason, Bribery with Pizzazz, or other Exciting high Crimes and Misdemeanors. 
My heart is with Santa Clarita today.No one should be afraid to go to school.This isn't the America I grew up in, but it’s reality for my three daughters ; kids nationwide. The horrible epidemic of gun violence is an existential threat to their generation.We must act now. 
Look people in the eye. Tell them the truth. And explain how you’re going to deliver lasting change — not empty promises — for their families. That’s how I won two tough races in a swing state. And it’s the only way to beat Trump.
Thank you to former Senators Blanche Lincoln and Mark Pryor for co-hosting an event for and me last night! 
Welcome to the race Here’s the first question you’ll get:Are you for Medicare for All, my Medicare-X public option, or trying to have it both ways like
Thank you to the at for hosting me tonight. Great discussion about our future and building opportunity for the next generation. 
Today's testimony on Donald Trump's unpresidential and unethical actions made clear once again that he never should have been elected in the first place.We only have one shot to beat him at the ballot box.Let's make it count.
Our kids don’t have 10 years to waste fighting a losing battle for Medicare for All. Not when so much is at stake. Thank you, Margaret, for being with us in this fight. 
Nine million people voted twice for Barack Obama and once for Donald Trump. If you don’t have a plan to win them back, then you’re not ready to lead. Here’s how I’ll do it.
We have to tackle healthcare costs. It’s hurting families, and it’s hurting our economy. 
Unions built the middle class in America by negotiating for better wages, benefits, and treatment in the workplace. That work continues today.I stand with these workers as they fight to ensure their hard work is rewarded with a fair share of the success they’ve created. 
One of the best parts of being on the trail is meeting people at old-school breakfast spots in the small towns across Iowa, New Hampshire, and beyond.Enter here to join me for   
We have millions of people living in the shadows. That’s not good for them, and it’s not good for our country. 
I’m the only candidate in this race who has won two national elections in a purple swing state.I know you don’t say one thing in a primary and another in a general. 
  sits down with a U.S. senator from Colorado and Democratic candidate for president, to discuss t…
Rocket attacks against innocent civilians are unacceptable. Israel has the right to self-defense against attacks by terror groups inside Gaza. De-escalation is the only path forward to peace and stability. 
By building a broad coalition for change, we can beat Donald Trump in 2020, take back the Senate, and hold the House. Together, we can move our country forward. 
We need to pass my bill to ban Members of Congress from EVER becoming lobbyists. 
 will make a dramatic difference in the lives of millions—including the parents I knew as a school superintendent—who are working hard, building businesses ; providing for their families. I'm grateful for the A rating ; will keep fighting for progress. 
For the kids. That's why I'm running. 
Iowa is a lot like Colorado, and we share the same values about what kind of future we want for our kids. Glad to have Fred with us as we work to unite a broad coalition of Americans. 
 Here is recount of his visit to Pacific Junction in Mills County. Thank you for keeping the plight of…
Thank you to Fran for sharing your time and your story.6/6 
After the tour, I spent a few minutes with the Parr twins, Ben and Mike. They’re only four years old, but they’re sharp, creative, and joyful kids. They will remember the 2019 floods. The question is whether we will. 5/ 
The weather was perfect this weekend, but it won’t stay that way forever. More floods will come. Fran and her neighbors can’t wait for politicians in Washington to debate whether climate change is real. They deserve real and lasting action now.4/ 
Fran, Chair Donna Crum, and Ryan Roenfeld, a county historian, drove me through the rest of the town. We stopped at a city councilman’s house. The floods, he explained, are literally an existential crisis for the town.3/ 
Fran’s home was destroyed. Water stains at the top frame of some doors. A gash in the ceiling caused by the refrigerator, which the storm had dislodged. Dead apple and peach trees in the yard.2/ 
THREAD: This weekend, took us on a tour of Pacific Junction, IA.It's only a half hour from Omaha and enclosed by the bluffs on one side and the railroad on the other. This year, the Missouri River floods completely leveled the town.1/ 
 Just in:  will be back in NH Friday-Sat.  He's said he intends "to spend more time in the state than anyone el…
 Just in:  will be back in NH Friday-Sat.  He's said he intends "to spend more time in the state than anyone else…
To win in red and purple states, we need to say the same things in the general election that we say in the primary, and the same things in rural areas that we say in urban areas. Glad to have Brett with me in Iowa as we build a coalition for change. 
Thank you to the for hosting this weekend! 
Just in time for Thanksgiving.  
While the DNC is creating a national primary and excluding candidates from the debates, I am going from living room to living room, listening as much as I am talking, and making real progress.
Spending time with New Hampshire voters has made me a better candidate. I intend to spend more time in the state than anyone else between now and the primary. 
 Now on - Sen. expanding presence in NH with more staffers, offices; Colorado Democrat makes bold promis…
Had the opportunity to meet this weekend with the healthcare professionals and administrators at the Siouxland Community Health Center  in Sioux City.Investing in health centers and improving access to care is critical for strong rural communities. 
Henry has been a force in Iowa politics for decades, and we couldn't be more excited to have him with us! 
You can get your very own right here: 
Gary plants his Bennet for America yard sign in his lawn in Nevada, IA! Happy to have you on Team Bennet.  
We all have a job to do. We may not have asked for it, but it’s incumbent upon us to save our democracy for the next generation. Glad to have Carol with us as we fulfill our elevated role as citizens in this republic! 
We're living in a time of uncertainty and Trump-driven chaos. We have to do our Constitutional duty to stand up for the rule of law, but we also need to be focused — more than ever — on winning the White House and taking back the Senate. 
This  we pay tribute to the men and women who served our nation in uniform, making every sacrifice to protect our country ; stand up for the American ideal—that a strong democracy is the greatest force for good in the world. From Susan, the girls, and me, thank you. 
As the only candidate to win two national races in a state that’s only one-third Democrats, I know what it takes to win in tough places and what it’s going to take to beat Donald Trump in 2020. 
I didn't come up with proposals just to run for president.From a government healthcare option to fighting child poverty, this is an agenda I've been working on for 10 years.And it's one that can win in battleground states. 
 As impeachment moves into a new phase, the political risks are epic for everyone involved. We go deep with
The growing costs of coverage, care, and prescription drugs burden or bankrupt families and small businesses every day. Every American must have access to affordable, high-quality health care. 
Thank you, Fran, for taking time to show me your home and what we can do to help western Iowa rebuild and recover. And thank you to Ben and Mike for sharing your airplane! 
 “How can we have a guy like this in the White House who can't set an example for our children? If you think about the twee…
 In NH used his post-filing presser to go after the state's neighboring senators on Medicare for All:On Sa…
 • listened to Bill Gardner explain the history of the New Hampshire primary before chiming in, “That’s why…
We have to act urgently on climate change. But that’s not enough. We need a solution that will endure for generations. Good intentions are not enough. 
 “Donald Trump thrives on chaos” - shares his thoughts on impeachment and how the investigation may (or may n…
When the CEO of Twitter announced that they were not going to allow political advertising anymore, that was an act of incredible patriotism. 
"Less than a handful of House members from competitive districts are co-sponsoring the Warren approach. She'd do well to listen to those freshman representatives, who made the Democrats the majority last year." 
There’s a better way: I've been fighting for 10 years to offer everyone the choice to buy a government healthcare plan. This would bring down costs, get everybody covered in less than three years, and do it all without costing taxpayers a cent. 
If you want a president who gives a damn about your kids, join me. If you want a president who builds an economy that works for everyone, join me. If you want a president who is going to fight for our democracy and to reestablish our alliances around the world, join me. 
70% of Americans don't get a four-year degree.You should be able to graduate high school with the ability to earn a living wage, not just the minimum wage. 
We need to bring down the cost of higher education and make four-year public colleges debt free. 
The more diverse our democracy, the stronger it is. What Trump exploits as weaknesses to divide us, I believe are our greatest strengths. 
I judge if we’ve been successful or not by the metric of what we’ve done for the kids in my old school district. I'm running for president to fight for them. 
  said that's important, because of how has veered from so many longstanding American values,…
 Peaking in from Jackson Street to a full house this Friday night. 
Drinks are on me tonight at in Sioux City. Thanks to everyone who came out for a great conversation about our democracy, our kids, and our future. 
 Alright Arkansas, let’s count him as one of our own! 
 Another comment on :“He is behaving like one of those, you know, autocrats from Roman histor…
 40 people in downtown Sioux City venue to see Says gets asked why still in race, answer is Iowans are still h…
It’s extra special to me to officially be on the ballot in Arkansas — home state and where we got married 22 years ago. 
 State Committee member and sixth grade teacher Andrew LeMay files on behalf of Senator to be on the Arkansas Pr…
 ✅ Overturn Citizens United: check✅ End partisan gerrymandering: check✅ Restore the right to vote: checkThank you for…
We need a president who will push back on the attacks on our schools ; bring our education system into the 21st century—I can do that better than anyone in this race having served as a superintendent. Grateful to meet with Siouxland ISEA members dedicated to the next generation. 
“...One of the best examples is Bennet’s American Family Act to expand the child tax credit, which would cut childhood poverty nearly in half and make a significant difference in the lives of my students here in Arkansas and of kids across the country.”- Andrew LeMay, Arkansas
“Today I was proud to file for to be on the ballot in Arkansas. As a public school teacher, I know that having a former school superintendent in the White House would dramatically change our priorities as a country to start investing in our kids again...” 
Instead of doing more damage to our relationships with the world, Donald Trump should harness the negative effects of his reckless trade war to aid those harmed by the catastrophic outcomes of his foreign policy. 
 Presidential candidate speaking with local health officials followed by a tour here at Siouxland Community…
When our economy grows, it needs to grow for everyone. 
We need to pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United.We need to end partisan gerrymandering.We need to restore voting rights. 
 If weekly campaign recaps and daily news mashups weren’t enough, we’re adding town halls to the mix. First up, a chat wit…
 We covered all the bases in first town hall with — come for impeachment takes, stay for an epic Anc…
We can’t tackle climate change with a plan that gets ripped out at the end of the next election cycle. But if we build a broad coalition for change, we can advance a durable solution that will last for generations. 
For the sake of everything from our national security interests and our economic interests, Donald Trump must be a one-term president. 
We don't have time to waste on a losing battle for Medicare for All.If we offer everyone the choice to buy a government healthcare plan, we can bring down costs and get everybody covered in less than three years. 
For too many Americans, a decent middle-class life is unaffordable or out of reach.We need to restore economic opportunity in this country.That's why I'm running for president. 
Sir, this is a Wendy’s. 
 says "smarter approach" is my plan to offer everyone the choice to buy a government healthcare plan.Is going to suggest our last Democratic nominee is pushing "Republican talking points" simply for disagreeing with her? 
“To those who want to win nationally with a whole lotta votes, pay attention. People want us to act, to focus on solving problems, not be the most ideologically pure.” -Rep. Abigail 
My statement on the Las Vegas homelessness ordinance ⬇️ 
Has forgotten the last 6 years under Obama? McConnell's intransigence was a problem long before Trump.We have to get Trump out of office. But we also have to fix our politics so it stops rewarding big money, complacency ; obstruction. It's naive to think otherwise. 
If we offer everyone the choice to buy a government healthcare plan, we can bring down costs and get everybody covered in less than three years.Glad to have written the bill with ; have him with me in this fight. 
I stand with members in Cedar Rapids. In order to build opportunity for all Americans, we must protect collective bargaining rights so workers can earn a living wage and assure they are rewarded for their hard work.  
We have to make progress. It's what our kids deserve. 
Great to meet you - thanks for coming out last night.   
 should immediately cancel President Erdogan's visit to the White House. By rewarding Erdogan, Trump is continuing to demonstrate his profound lack of judgement and sending a message of abandonment and dismissal to our allies and partners. 
 YESTERDAY: Sen. officially files for the New Hampshire Primary. 
 NH Primary Source: Will Kanteres leads pre-filing endorsements    via
Thank you to the supporters who joined us at the State House in Concord today for the official filing. I'm honored and humbled to have you on our team.  
While other candidates may be turning their backs on New Hampshire, I’m expanding my operation in the Granite State and meeting voters where they are as they play a critical role in selecting our nominee. 
Our kids don't have time to improve their own schools or fix our broken immigration system.That's our job. And we're failing them right now.But together, we can change that. 
 For our final stop of the evening, Sen. talks at a party at the home of NH State Representative Marjorie…
 2020 presidential hopeful filed for the primary earlier today in Concord. Minced no words as he assessed what the…
 2020 Watch: -after filing for  presidenital primary - takes aim at rival  p…
“Only one candidate clearly stands out as having both a dedicated and successful history of public service: Michael Bennet. He tells the truth, legislates for justice, and works successfully across the aisle for all Americans. He has it all.” 
 Now on - Colorado Sen. looks back 35 years to Gary Hart for a path to  primary win; Moderate Democrat…
As a former superintendent, I wake up every day ; go to bed every night thinking about how we can build a better future for our kids.We have to come together ; use our differences to create more durable and imaginative solutions than any tyrant could come up with on their own. 
 . making his case to voters in Dover, NH. He’s taking questions on and talking abt education, the deficit,…
Had the opportunity to meet some young Granite Staters who were at the State House today. This is who we are fighting for.   
 Sen. speaks to the group at in Dover. 
For the kids. That's why I'm running. Because we have to ensure we leave more to the next generation, not less.  
 We’re following Senator today. After filing to be a candidate in New Hampshire’s primary, he’s now addre…
Distinctively different.  
Today I filed to be on the ballot in New Hampshire. As the only candidate to win two national races in a state that’s only one-third Democrats, I know what it takes to win in a purple state like NH and what it’s going to take to beat Donald Trump in 2020.   
 2020 Watch: covers Democratic presidential candidate at the Statehouse filing to place h…
 Senator talks to a your supporter at the New Hampshire State House 
 Sen. officially files for the New Hampshire Primary. 
 . filed his paperwork for New Hampshire’s democratic presidential primary today. 
 Asked about his health, says thank you for asking I’m fine. I’m perfect. No one needs to worry about meW…
 Sen speaks after filing his papers for the NH primary. 
 New Hampshire’s Secretary of State tells that the filing fee is $1,000 so that nobody is excluded from r…
  files to run for president then takes question from reporters.  
 has officially filed for his 2020 presidential candidacy paperwork with the NH Secretary of State ht…
 Right now: files for the  New Hampshire primary  via 
 Right now: files for the  New Hampshire primary   
 Sen. Michael Bennet, D-Colo., files for  2020.  
Officially filing to be on the ballot in New Hampshire today!   
 Next up to file....    via 
 Sen greets people outside the New Hampshire State House as he goes in to file for the primary. ht…
Kentucky voters have spoken, and the results are clear. must concede. It’s time for the people of Kentucky to be able to move beyond his failed leadership and attacks on healthcare.
The new NYT battleground polls show Dems are at risk of losing to Trump in 2020 if we nominate any of the current frontrunners. It’s clear voters are looking for new leadership that will actually make progress on our most pressing challenges — they want solutions, not slogans. 
This is the agenda we can use to win the White House and Senate and hold the House in purple/red states across the country. Voters just told us what they are looking for, and it’s not empty promises of free stuff or Medicare for All. If we ignore this, we risk everything in 2020.
Democrats won in battleground states last night using the playbook that secured us the House in 2018: meeting voters where they are on the kitchen table issues that matter most, including education and protecting the Affordable Care Act.
 Today at the NH State House: to file for  primary at 9am, then to file at 1 pm.   v…
 Some of what’s on tap today in  land:👉 Governor and Executive Council meet at the Statehouse at 10 a.m.👉
Congratulations to Very happy she'll be able to continue fighting for working families and a strong community.
Honored to meet Karleen, the superintendent for the Diagonal Community School District — the smallest district in Iowa — this past weekend.Whether it's a district with 97 students or 97,000, I'm thankful for educators like Karleen who are shaping our kids' futures. 
Q: How can we address the deficit? 
Q: What would your approach to foreign policy be as president? 
Q: Why don't you support Medicare for All? 
Q: How can we fix our immigration system and have a safe and strong border? 
Q: How are we going to handle companies like Facebook and their handling of political ads? 
Everywhere I go on the campaign trail, I try to take Q;A. It's the best way to hear what's on the minds of Iowans ; get past the cable talking points. Check out some of the exchanges we had at Turn Iowa Blues Fest with the Blackhawk County Dems. →
  campaign announces "Educators for Bennet" endorsements including former Denver superintendent Tom Boasberg…
As a former school superintendent, I go to bed every night ; get up every day thinking about how we can build more opportunity for the next generation.We're excited to announce 75 new "Educators for Bennet" who share that same goal: 
If we spend the next 10 years trying and failing to enact Medicare for All, we will have wasted an opportunity to make the progress so many families need. 
"From a deep, talented list of choices to replace [Trump], Michael Bennet's combination of executive experience, bold and achievable policy priorities, and commitment to the challenges at home and abroad put him at the top of that list." 
While tweets, China expands its global economic influence and Iran announces new centrifuges.This. is. not. normal. 
It's  in states across the country! Make sure to go vote.Find your polling place at  and help elect Democrats up and down the ballot. 
Our election security is not a joke.When Donald Trump tries to obfuscate what happened in 2016, he makes a mockery of our democracy once again. 
Another reason it is CRITICAL we make a one-term president. The next president has the ability to stop this withdrawal ; begin to mend the damage Trump has done. As president, I'll restore our leadership to mobilize the world in tackling this existential crisis. 
Manchester voters! Make sure to get out the vote tomorrow for candidates up and down the ballot, including She's fighting for working families and building a stronger community for all.  
This is the kind of fear that plagued my mother as a child in Poland — we cannot let it poison our communities. We must defeat hatred, of every sort and in every place, across this country.We must stand together against white supremacy and anti-Semitism wherever it is found. 
Up next: Joining on to discuss the 2020 race and the latest news on the impeachment process.
"Getting [M4A] through Congress would be such a lift that other vital issues, like climate change and voting rights, would get overlooked...It’s important to remember that Medicare for All almost certainly is not happening in 2021 even under a President Warren."
"[I]f Warren wins the nomination she’s going to drag a multi-trillion dollar renovation of the American health care system into the fall campaign — even though everyone understands that the renovation won’t happen...." 
"I still think that a public-option-type plan, which lets people buy into Medicare, would have a better chance of actually becoming reality...." 
My Medicare-X plan will lower costs and cover everyone in less than three years.People need access to health care NOW. We don't have time to waste on a losing battle for Medicare for All.Look who else agrees:
Disgusting. Despicable. The right decision was made. 
One year. 12 months. 366 days (yes, presidential election years are also leap years...).That’s how much time we have to build a broad coalition to defeat Trump, win the Senate, and start governing this country again. 
If you want a president who gives a damn about your kids... Who builds an economy that works for everyone...Who fights for our democracy and stands up for our alliances around the world...Who always tells the truth—even when it’s hard...Join me. 
We can build it, but we need your help.  
I couldn't be more grateful to have known Robin. When we walked around her county fair, she introduced me to her community ; the issues they care about. A fearless advocate, she dedicated herself to her neighbors, county ; Dem party. Susan ; my thoughts are with her family today. 
We need to invest in the American people. My American Family Act would cut child poverty by 40% — putting money back in working people’s pockets.That’s a big idea. 
Instead of wasting billions of dollars on trade wars, we need to invest in our farmers and revive rural communities. 
 Sen. Michael Bennet: "The American people do not want to give up their choice of buying health insurance for the privilege of…
We have a guy in the White House right now who represents our worst impulses. But I get to see, in these meetings, the best impulses Americans have. And that’s an incredible gift, day in and day out. 
The chill of November means that the 2020 election is now just one year away. Stay warm and keep working. 
As a former school superintendent, I’m much more interested in free preschool than I am in free college. 
Thank you to Shekinah and Rob for having me on the Urban Impact Show today. Great conversation after the forum at 
Thrilled to join the week he launches Thank you for hosting a packed town hall in Des Moines — talking health care, climate change ; foreign policy. Look out for the videos coming this week! 
Great to see again today! This very good boy knows how important it is to participate in our democracy.  
 Reunited with an old friend, !  I told him and his wife Susan to tell their daughters hello and that I hope…
 "I'm a lot more worried about free preschool than free college." - at the NAACP forum.
I'm answering questions live at the forum at Watch here:  
If you want a president who gives a damn about your kids, join me. If you want a president who builds an economy that works for everyone, join me. If you want a president who is going to fight for our democracy and to reestablish our alliances around the world, join me. 
Big ideas are going to win us this race. Let’s make sure they’re the right ones. 
Frederick Douglass was a founder. The suffragettes were founders. And that’s how we need to see ourselves—it’s that elevated responsibility to make our country more fair ; free. This is our moment. 
When you have a president who doesn’t believe in the rule of law, freedom of the press, or separation of powers, then we have a job to do. We have to save this democracy. 
Pounding truth into this campaign.That's what I told my daughter, Caroline, I would do. 
For too many Americans, a decent middle-class life is unaffordable or out of reach.We need to restore economic opportunity.That's why I'm running for president. 
  says "I have the experience, temperament, and agenda to beat Trump." He says "if you want a president who g…
 Senator who has been critical of Medicare for All, says for three percent of M4A cost, we could end child pove…
 “Our kids do not have the time to spend the next 10 years fighting a losing battle for Medicare-for-all.” -- 
Taking the stage at  
  told  crowd he'll speak tonight not as a senator but as the only superintendent of schools ever to ru…
 Another  candidate on stage at the Iowa  Excited to hear about plans to fix our br…
Taking the stage now at Liberty ; Justice Celebration! Tune in here:   
If every Democrat who disagrees with your plan is now a “Republican,” you’re only serving Donald Trump.Agree or disagree with Vice President you'd be hard pressed to find someone more dedicated to the Democratic Party than he. 
 was right to call for a new generation of leadership, and he is proof that we can put critical, purple states in play. He'll continue to make our party strong.
From to former Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack, it's clear that Medicare for All is bad policy ; bad politics.Instead of wasting years fighting a losing battle, let's get everyone covered without costing the taxpayers a cent with my Medicare-X public option plan.  
 Regardless of whether it's $21T or $31T, this isn't going to happen, and the American people need health care. My public option plan, Medicare-X, is the best way to give families a choice, cover everyone in three years, and lower costs—and it doesn’t cost a cent in new taxes.
Voters are sick and tired of politicians promising them things that they know they can’t deliver. new Medicare for All numbers are simply not believable, and have been contradicted by experts.
If you really want a scare tonight, I suggest you check out the latest numbers on the national de...You know what, forget it. Enjoy the candy, everyone!
I’m campaigning on an agenda that Democrats up and down the ballot will run alongside, not away from. Clearly, if you have to “buck up,” that’s not Medicare for All. 
  In 1984, I was a dark horse candidate. In 2020, place your bets on  
"Bennet has something that is sometimes called gravitas, what the dictionary calls weight, intensity, seriousness, maturity and a deep sense of what is important. ... He has the capability to put our nation back on track." 
"[V]oters are known for making up their own minds, not following the pundits and the polls....My experience proves that voters listen carefully, brush aside political background chatter, and seriously weigh who has the talent to govern our great nation." 
Former U.S. Senator ; 1984 NH Primary Winner Gary Hart: "Bennet has proved himself to be highly intelligent, independently minded, thoughtful.... He also has an ability to look over the horizon and anticipate opportunities and dangers others cannot." 
 Check out this GOTV message from 
Unlike who is the first president in history to rip health insurance away from millions of Americans, I will auto-enroll every kid who is eligible in CHIP and Medicaid so they have the care they need. 
I met a small business owner in Colorado who can’t afford health insurance and at the same time can’t hire new employees because they would lose their Medicaid. That’s not their fault, it’s our broken politics. The incentives are misaligned ; it’s preposterous.  
  and of  speaking to at  on why Health Matters, T…
Just took the stage at  and here’s the screen of the previous speaker from the Trump Admin... This should get interesting, considering Medicare-X is not single payer. Maybe can come back so we can have a real discussion. 
While Russia fine tunes its disinformation tactics ahead of the 2020 elections, continues to block urgent election security bills. This gridlock is a threat to our democracy and a gift to Vladimir Putin. 
Had a great time at the dinner on Friday night, including catching up with and two great Democratic leaders fighting for their community.  
Thank you to and the board of for inviting me to speak at  If you missed my conversation with and you can catch up here:  
We win by telling the truth.We win by saying the same thing in the primary and in the general.We win with an agenda that unites us. 
Nine million people voted twice for Barack Obama and once for Donald Trump. Nine million people were so fed up with our broken politics that they voted for a reality TV star to lead us.But we have an agenda that can win them back. 
Hey listen to your employees. These are the voices we need to protect our democracy and uphold truth—especially when leaders at the top lack urgency and action. 
My mother and her parents survived the Holocaust, finding refuge in the only place they could truly rebuild their shattered lives — America. This is why I believe so strongly that the United States must lead the world by example.  
  at  If I had to define the 'Trump Doctrine' for you, it would be 'take really bad situations an…
If I had to define the Trump doctrine, it would be to take really bad situations and make them as bad as you can. We have to make him a one-term President. 
Shout out to all of the students at  — the largest group from any university here today! 
  at  “Netanyahu and the far-right basically have a permission slip from the Trump Administration…
TUNE IN NOW: I'm live at  in conversation with and Watch here:  
 Next up at  and will talk to 2020 candidate live:  
 Sen. Michael Bennet on Medicare X: "It's not Medicare for all, which other candidates have proposed without admitting how they…
Happy to have Colin on Team Bennet. Together, we can restore integrity to our government and make it work for the people. 
 Sen. Michael Bennet: "39 out of 40 Democratic candidates who flipped seats in 2018 and gave us the majority... ran on a public…
 Sen. Michael Bennet spoke to NH Democrats: "We need to tell the truth. We need to heal our divisions. We need to drive economi…
 Sen. Michael Bennet on Medicare X: "It's not Medicare for all, which other candidates have proposed without admitting how they…
 Sen. Michael Bennet: I want "an economy that works for everybody, not just the top 10%, and instead through my tax plan cuts c…
To make progress on the issues we care about, we have to fix our broken politics. 
We need to build a new American Dream, where everyone can reach their full potential regardless of who they are or where they live. 
 Sen. "9 million people voted twice for Barack Obama and once for Donald Trump... We're not going to trick thes…
The removal of al-Baghdadi from the battlefield is a credit to our armed forces ; intelligence community who have committed years of service in the fight against ISIS ; violent extremism. We’re grateful to them, the Kurds ; other allies ; partners as we continue the fight ahead.
Glad to have you with us Ryan! Together, we can fix our broken politics and move our country forward. 
Frederick Douglass ; the suffragettes were just as much founders as the people who wrote our Constitution.All of us must think of ourselves as founders. We are all charged with making this country more democratic, more fair ; more free. That’s what winning in 2020 means. 
It’s been 22 years since Susan and I got married in Marianna, Arkansas, and everyone told us the rain was good luck. I guess they were right. Happy anniversary, 
📺 TUNE IN NOW: I’m live with discussing  agriculture, and how we can build enduring solutions to tackle this existential crisis.Watch here:  
The American Family Act would be the most substantial anti-poverty plan since Medicaid and cut childhood poverty by 40%. That’s a priority I don’t want to give up by fighting a losing battle over policies like Medicare for All.    
 on healthcare: “Public option that finishes Obamacare so we can cover everybody in this country in 3yrs ; c…
 At Politics ; Eggs, stressed the need to work together: “There are people running for president on t…
Ever tried to sign an egg? It’s easier to make Mitch McConnell smile than it is to neatly autograph a wooden egg.  
 This is the most important debate in this race. It’s worth discussing if we should take private insurance fr…
 This is the most important debate in this race. It’s worth discussing if we should take private insurance from 180M Americans and saddle them with $31T in taxes.Elizabeth is a friend and colleague. We both want healthcare for all Americans. We just disagree about how to do it.
Whether it's Colorado or Iowa, I hear the same thing in my town halls: People are working incredibly hard, but can't afford a decent middle-class life.We can change that if we invest in America’s workers and make work pay. 
New survey takeaways: - Voters want public option &gt; Medicare for All- 90% of MA voters like their plans, which M4A would make illegal- Voters are concerned about M4A’s middle-class tax increases...and this is in home state.
My administration will restore farmers’ trust by upholding the blending requirements set by the Renewable Fuel Standard, stop the abuse of small refinery exemptions, and work with ethanol producers to create more jobs and invest in rural America.
After publicly promising Iowans he would make up for the damage he's done this year with small refinery waivers, Trump privately sided with Big Oil once again. The president's actions have been inconsistent, insufficient, and corrupt, and farmers know he doesn't have their backs. 
 LIVE SOON: 2020 candidate Michael Bennet gives 'Politics ; Eggs' speech  
 HAPPENING NOW: Democratic presidential hopeful Michael Bennet takes the podium at the latest ‘Politics ; Eggs’ event in Ne…
 Today we welcome to Politics ; Eggs!   
 WATCH LIVE: Democratic presidential hopeful Sen. Michael Bennet of Colorado speaks at Politics and Eggs event in New Hampshire ht…
 Senator at   
 . talks family and his priorities, to include education and equal opportunities for students. 
 “I think it’s very important that we have someone thinking about the general election, not just the primary.”
LIVE NOW at the Politics and Eggs breakfast:    
 Looking forward to hearing from presidential candidate at this morning’s  at
Thank you for the support, Together, we can restore America’s place on the world’s stage. 
As the only candidate in this race who has won two national elections in a swing state, I’m proposing an agenda that can not just unify the Democratic base, but also bring back some of the 9 million people who voted twice for Obama and then for Trump. 
Looks like there’s only room for one Michael Bennet in New England this week. 
We’ll never contend with the challenges we face as a country if Republicans in Congress continue to destroy our institutions in the name of Donald Trump. The American people deserve better. 
Glad to have Lisa Ann on our team! Together, we can build the broad coalition for change we need to make progress on our most pressing challenges. 
Thank you to for putting working families and forgotten communities at the front and center of this race.We’re going to keep fighting to build an economy that works for everyone.
China was already buying at these levels BEFORE pointless trade war. A victory lap for the status quo is not good news for farmers. We need to restore the long-term certainty that Trump has destroyed. 
We need to beat Donald Trump, win a majority in the Senate, and hold on to the House. Medicare for All is not a recipe for doing that.My public option plan is. 
 “I think we could cover everybody in three years, without stripping the American people of their choice to buy health insuran…
I go to two committee hearings and the president has given away New Mexico. Truly the Art of the Deal. 
Iowa is a lot like Colorado, which is why our path to victory runs right through places like Polk County. Thank you to for your support! We look forward to working with you and your neighbors as we unite a broad coalition of Americans to take back the White House. 
We're building a broad coalition of Iowans and people across the country who share our goal of driving opportunity and fixing our broken politics. These local leaders will further enable us to reach every corner of this community!
 "It's so pathetic, it's such a sad day for our foreign policy."Presidential candidate on Trump lifting al…
 deserves more focus than he's gotten, and in any event should be a prominent VP candidate. quot…
 "I'm absolutely convinced he's committed impeachable offenses...our standard has fallen so low..these Congressmen today r…
 "I never would have taken the troops out in the first place" of Pres Trump policy in  "all it would…
To beat Trump, we need to build a broad coalition — and you’re not going to do that by forcing working families to pay higher taxes in exchange for making their employer-provided insurance illegal with Medicare for All.But we can win with my Medicare-X public option plan. 
Whether it's Colorado or Iowa, for too many Americans, a good middle-class life is getting harder and harder to afford.It's time to reward hard work once again. 
  said there's incredible consistency in what he's heard during town halls he's held in Colorado as a senat…
Tune in to tonight. Thanks for having me 
LIVE: Joining now to discuss the latest from the 2020 trail 
Who do you think has a longer attention span, Donald Trump or global dictators? 
He must've done the...  
Donald Trump lets dictators walk all over him — and the United States. We are a strong country, and we need to act that way. 
Donald Trump’s actions cannot be defended. We must uphold the rule of law. 
 COMING UP: breaks down the latest in the impeachment inquiry with our team of NBC reporters and Pl…
Thank you to Mike Putz and the Dyersville Commercial for a great conversation about everything from investing in rural America to revitalizing our education system for the 21st Century. 
Every day we wake up not knowing what this president is going to do next. You can’t run your farm that way. You can’t run your business or school that way. And I don’t think you can run America that way. 
  is right that Medicare for All would raise middle-class taxes, just as he’s been right for the last 10…
 FACT Check -- is correct:  
Unlike who is the first president in history to take health insurance away from millions of Americans, I will auto-enroll every kid who is eligible in CHIP so they have the care they deserve.
Great new ad from a strong Democratic leader in New Hampshire. Let's pound the pavement and help keep her in office to continue fighting for Manchester families! 
If you've ever raised, taught, or cared for a child, then you know this is unacceptable.And if you can't look parents in the eye and tell them you won't rest until it's fixed, then you don't deserve to occupy the White House.Here's what I'll do:  
Delete this immediately. 
Couldn’t agree more, 
 The American people rebuked you every time you tried to repeal the Affordable Care Act. More than SEVENTY times. And they’ll do it again in 2020.
 Michael Bennet pitches health care plan that’s cheaper than Medicare-for-all 
 Here's the difference between me and you, I think my idea is better than my colleagues' idea. You have no ideas at all. We'll take your feedback when you tell us how you actually want to get Americans covered.
 These are the lies we've heard from Republicans about the public option for more than a decade. I know what is…
 These are the lies we've heard from Republicans about the public option for more than a decade. I know what is ⁠— and isn't ⁠— in my plan. I wrote it, it's not single payer. And 73% of Americans support it.
Well, this is awkward. Wouldn’t it be easier to just say how you will pay for it, is fully paid for and covers everyone in three years. 
The person who's dishonest is Donald Trump, who promised to repeal the Affordable Care Act ; provide a “terrific” plan with “such great health care at a tiny fraction of the cost" — then was the first president in history to take health insurance away from millions of Americans. 
 said taxes will need to go up for people making as little as $29,000/year, and that won’t even cover the full cost of Medicare for All.At least he's being honest about his plan should do the same. 
Something for nothing is just an empty promise.We’ve had enough of those out of Washington, DC, and from the coastal elites who come up with these ideas that make no sense in the middle of America. 
 GOP Senators are “HORRIFIED BY THE PRESIDENT'S BEHAVIOR AND THEY'RE HORRIFIED THAT HE INVITED UKRAINE TO INTERFERE IN OUR E…
 Sen tells me is misleading voters on Medicare for all: “I THINK SHE'S NOT BEING HONEST ABOUT HER…
We have a choice to make: Fight a losing battle for Medicare for All or achieve universal healthcare with a public option and still have the political capital to end childhood poverty, tackle climate change, and more. 
  in Cedar Rapids tonight asked about Warren saying she has a plan to announce a plan to pay for her pla…
 A fired up earlier today touts his experience in Denver + throws subtle shade at other candidates to pl…
The founders may have started this country, but it was generations of people after them, like Frederick Douglass and the suffragettes, who helped us live up to our founding ideals.As we face the challenges of today, we all have to think of ourselves as founders once again. 
We can't spend the next 10 years fighting over Medicare for All. We need universal health care now. And we can achieve that with a public option. 
Is this heaven? No, it’s Iowa. (Sound on.) 
Had a great time today meeting caucusgoers whose hard work helped elect in 2018.Their commitment to democracy is what will help us win the White House and Senate and keep the House in 2020!  
Thank you to Catherine Crist, chair of the First District Central Committee, for your leadership, including organizing today's  event in Elkader! 
Thank you to Bill Shaheen for hosting us in Dover this week. As he said, we need to win big. To do that, we need an agenda that will bring people together so we can win up and down the ballot. That’s the vision I’m running on. 
Thank you to Rob Maharry, and everyone at the for a great sit down (and for showing us your printing press!). 

I'm going to keep holding town halls and talking directly with voters and caucusgoers, who are still undecided and take this process seriously. That's what this election is about—not one more sound bite or reality TV show.Latest editorial from the ↓ 
To win back the nine million Obama-Trump voters and make progress on our most pressing challenges, we need to build a broad coalition for change. 
We need to build an economy where when it grows, it grows for everyone, not just those at the top. 
From improving healthcare services in rural areas to ensuring our kids are prepared for the 21st Century economy, access to broadband is fundamental for every community nationwide.That's why I'm working with on closing the digital divide.
 was against Medicare for All before she was for it was for Medicare for All before he was against it.You have to know where you stand if you're going to beat do. 
Dr. Rice is a patriot. Trump’s attacks on her and other experts ARE his foreign policy. The President continues to demonstrate that he doesn’t care about our country’s security, human consequences, or reality. He only cares about himself and his political and financial ambition. 
 "We've spent the last 10 years not accomplishing a lot of things that the kids in my old school district need us to accomplis…
Tune into tonight at 7:20 PM → 
 I'm running for president because I can defeat Donald Trump, and there's nothing America needs more.
 What you left out of your comparison: 10 yr domestic ; foreign policy record, offering generational chang…
 Pragmatic and deliberative — guilty as charged. I'm about solutions, not slogans.
 Thanks for sharing the article.
 I'm running for president because I can defeat Donald Trump, and there's nothing America needs more.
 What you left out of your comparison: 10 yr domestic ; foreign policy record, offering generational change that Biden cannot; ran a school district w/ a bigger budget than South Bend (no dig to Mayor Pete). And labeling my friend Cory a diversity candidate is selling him short.
 Pragmatic and deliberative — guilty as charged. I'm about solutions, not slogans.
My Medicare-X public option plan starts in rural areas where the market is failing too many people with only one or no insurers. 
“We’ve got to find a way to stitch this country back together again after having such a divisive president this last term. I think we need somebody who's going to bring us all back together, and that's why I'm spending time in places like Mason City.” 
 “This is becoming a competition to out-do each other in the Twitterverse, instead of actually addressing the problem,” say…
"Saying Democrats won’t be able to win with just Democrats’ votes, [Bennet] stressed the need for the Democrats to prove to swing voters the party is worthy of their trust."  
 WATCH: Bennet recommends voters watch his viral takedown of from January 2019. "I think it will give yo…
 WATCH: Bennet told there were multiple topics missing from last night's showcase. "What was missing was Elizab…
 Notable: At the close of his remarks, Bill Shaheen (longtime NH attorney, political advi…
🤷🏻‍♂️ 
 said taxes will need to go up for people making as little as $29,000/year, and that won’t even cover the full cost of Medicare for All. No wonder still doesn’t have a plan for that.  
"No Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign State." 
"Bennet said the country has to find ways to invest in and diversify the rural economy and make sure that people have the opportunity to build businesses and grow and stay in rural America." 
Let’s get this straight: was against Medicare for All before she was for it. was for Medicare for All before he was against it.To beat you have to know where you stand and be honest with voters—especially if you change your mind.
2010: I led the fight for a public option 2019: I'm still leading the fight for a public option If you want to beat Trump, you have to know where you stand. I do. It seems does not. 
"[Bennet] argued that what the country needs is a president who is much more willing to spend time in counties he or she lost as counties he or she won, that unifying the entire country is more important than just unifying the Democratic Party." 
 Earlier today in Des Moines  told me an agenda that’s based on “free stuff, I funded programs, and empty promi…
Democrats need to win back the nine million Obama-Trump voters to take the White House and Senate and keep the House. Nominating a candidate who supports Medicare for All is not a recipe to do that.
This trend will only worsen as continues to refuse to say how she’ll pay for her plan. said taxes will need to go up for the middle-class, and that won’t even cover the full cost of Medicare for All. No wonder she doesn’t have a plan for that.
Support continues to plummet for Medicare for All because voters aren’t interested in giving up the freedom to make their own healthcare decisions in exchange for a $31 trillion middle-class tax hike. 
We need an agenda that is broadly appealing to the American people, to galvanize Democrats ; win back Obama-Trump voters, to overcome the broken politics in Washington. And then with that constituency for change, we have to fight for the things we really care about. 
I met a Manchester School of Technology student who was learning underwater welding in high school, so she could graduate and earn a living wage. These are the types of programs my education ; workforce plans will invest in across the country.  
 claims addressing climate change will destroy the economy. The opposite is true. Tackling climate by retrofitting every building and investing in clean energy will create millions of high-paying jobs.
We’re in Portsmouth this morning with the ; Community College System of New Hampshire talking about the future of our economy. We need to reward work again in this country ; redesign our education system so it’s preparing students for the 21st century.  
I am committed to ensuring every child, regardless of circumstance, will be at the center of a community that offers them a real chance to flourish personally and prosper financially.
Equal must be equal in our education system if America’s children are to reach their full potential. 
 Presidential candidate Sen. Michael Bennet tells CBS News that Democrats won't win the election with an agenda of "free stuff,…
 While at a gas station after a Mason City event, ran into a woman who recognized him after weeks of his…
In Colorado, farmers and ranchers are contending with persistent drought. In Iowa, they are facing devastating floods.That's why our agricultural community is at the heart of my plan to tackle the climate crisis. 
Truth.It’s why I’m running. It’s what the American people deserve. It’s how we’ll make sure our kids are better off than we are. 
As president, I will make it a priority to pay teachers like the professionals they are. It’s outrageous that we still pay teachers based on a labor market that discriminated against women. It’s far past time we bring our education system into the 21st century. 
If I had to summarize 10 years of town halls, it’s that people are working hard but can’t afford some combination of health care, housing, child care ; higher education. My American Family Act would give working families a real tax cut ; cut child poverty by nearly half. 
Here’s where I stand on health care: Let’s create a public option that covers everyone and lowers costs in three years. Sanders ; Warren’s Medicare for All is bad policy and terrible politics, making private insurance illegal ; taxing the middle class. 
Other candidates in this race are for free stuff, unfunded programs, and empty promises. I’m for telling the truth, healing our divisions, and creating opportunity. That’s what the American people want.
I'm answering Iowa caucusgoers' questions live on with Tweet in your questions with  and tune in here:  
Every child should be at the center of a community that offers them a real chance to flourish personally and prosper financially.
Instead of taking insurance away from 180 million people with Medicare for All, let’s finish what the ACA started and provide everyone the choice of buying a public option. That’s how we’ll reach universal coverage as quickly as possible.
We must overcome the forces trying to separate the American people from our government. We must drive special interests and money out of our politics and bring the American people back in.
On Day 1 of the Bennet Administration, we'll get to work on tackling the climate crisis by engaging a broad coalition of Americans, including our farmers ; ranchers, to develop durable solutions to this existential threat. We don’t have a moment to waste.
Democracy is under attack at home and across the globe. We must rise to defend it and secure our elections.
We need to put workers first and ensure hard work is rewarded with a living wage ; good middle-class life. My plan invests in workers, raises the minimum wage, expands the Child Tax Credit, ensures paid leave, and strengthens collective bargaining.
Instead of spending 10 years fighting about Medicare for All, let's achieve universal coverage in 3 years with my Medicare-X public option plan ; then pass the American Family Act, my bill with that costs 3% of Medicare for All ; would cut childhood poverty by 40%.
No one would question progressive credentials or his commitment to protecting the interests of all Americans – and even he understands the political catastrophe Medicare for All represents in swing states like Ohio where Democrats need a broad coalition to win. 
 If you could ask the presidential candidates a question, what would you ask?Record yourself asking a question and share it on…
We need to build a new American Dream, where everyone can reach their full potential. That doesn’t start and end in the classroom.The first five years of children’s lives are critical to cognitive development and success throughout their lifetime. 
This officer gets a day in court. Atatiana Jefferson never gets another day with her family.May Ms. Jefferson’s family find peace in the love and support of their community and this nation. 
 Just in: announce 4 presidential candidates to be at its 10/25 "Countdown to Victory" Dinner -
Tariffs won’t bring back the innocent lives lost.Tariffs won't bring back escaped ISIS supporters. Tariffs are Donald Trump's answer because he is weak and feckless.
We could cut child poverty by 40% with one simple change to the tax code. The American Family Act, my plan to expand the Child Tax Credit, will provide a tax credit of up to $300 per month per child to help working families afford to raise their kids. 
We have to stitch this country back together. We need a president who will spend as much time in places they didn’t win as those they did to build a constituency for change. That’s what I’ve done for 10 years—on health care ; the Iran deal—and that’s what I’ll do as president. 
We're live in Mason City talking to caucusgoers from Cerro Gordo County. Tune in here:  
Now, U.S. troops are being shelled by a member of NATO, our allies are being killed and driven into the arms of Assad and Putin, and ISIS supporters are escaping.
Trump’s decision to allow for a Turkish incursion has empowered Putin, Assad, and ISIS at the expense of our allies who have fought bravely beside us. It is a disgrace and a disaster.
The fact that when faced with a threat from Turkey, Trump decided to retreat rather than rally other NATO countries shows how his assaults on our allies have left us weaker than when he took office.
The president's decision to retreat rather than stand up to Turkish aggression shows he is fundamentally weak and unable to protect our security. In fact, is the weakest president to ever occupy the White House.
Trail updates from the Quad Cities with ; the most important issues we’re facing, the agenda I’m running on to build a broad coalition, and my favorite campaign moments. Watch the full interview here →
The represents over a million hardworking Americans like Wendy and Thomas. It’s about time someone in the White House represented them too. Thanks for your invitation and the opportunity to answer your questions. 
 Billionaires control our politics because of Citizens United. Watch our video with and ECU's President Tif…
Heading into with owner Brian who’s opened up his brewery for a town hall tonight in West Des Moines  
Taking the stage now at forum in Iowa to talk about how we can build economic opportunity and security for all Americans.Watch here:  
Sat down with of this morning to talk about the agenda we need to beat Donald Trump and make progress on our most pressing challenges. Thank you for having me!If you missed it live, watch here:  
Tune in now! I'm live with 
The sun sets. The moon rises. The river still runs. The flag still flies.Our country will get through this. Keep working. Keep going. Our kids are watching. 
“And I remember Muscatine – still more pleasantly – for its summer sunsets. I have never seen any, on either side of the ocean, that equaled them.” - Mark Twain 
We arrived to Muscatine just in time for the sunsets Mark Twain wrote were unlike any he’d ever seen. About to head over to Missipi Brewing Co. to spend the evening with caucusgoers. 
Every American should be able to afford a good home in a thriving community. 
We need to invest in and empower America’s workers and make work pay once again. I’m looking forward to the opportunity to speak with Granite Staters about how we can put workers first and build economic security and opportunity for all.
 Look for in an upcoming episode of  this upcoming week!
 Everyone deserves a shot at the  It was a pleasure learning about and introducing last ni…
 first Dreamer to be a DNC member—delivered one of the best intros I’ve received, telling the story of my mother who found refuge in the US ; the work we still have ahead to live up to the core American values that made that possible. Thank you. See you soon! 
Had an incredible night with at their annual Hall of Fame dinner. Thank you for the invitation ; to all of the state party leadership, staff, officials, and supporters for working every day to turn Arizona blue in 2020! 
Sat down with of at to talk about what it will take for Democrats up and down the ballot to win in Arizona ; how to fix our broken education and immigration systems. Thanks for having me on the Gaggle podcast! 
Thank you to for hosting us yesterday and to the educators, students ; school board members who took time out of their fall break to talk about the work we must all do to give every kid in this country a strong start. 
Thank you for packing a town hall on a Friday afternoon to talk about the most important issues facing your generation — from climate change to income inequality. And s/o to the guy in the back making the  sign! 
As a former superintendent, I've seen first hand that in our education system, equal is not equal. The educators I met today are at the frontlines of that battle.Together, we can break the cycle in which our kids are stuck, where many have little hope of a brighter future. 
On  and every day, I stand as an ally to the LGBTQ community. To those who have come out and those who haven't yet, you are strong, you are loved, and you are accepted.
We need to build more homes near good jobs and good schools and ensure people can actually afford them. That’s the bottom line for creating opportunity for all Americans. 
 Democratic presidential candidate meets with educators at Tempe High School. Later today, he holds a town…
 ASU Young Democrats are excited to welcome Senator and Presidential Candidate to our meeting this Friday at 3p…
A home is a platform for stability and upward mobility in America, but for too many families, owning a home is out of reach and the high cost of paying rent has pushed them to a breaking point. 
Slogans like national rent control won’t solve the housing affordability crisis. There’s no one-size-fits-all solution. We need to address access, affordability, and inclusivity: 
 It's great to see support for addressing the affordable housing crisis with a bipartisan solution to expand and strengthen…
"The Vermont plan was done in by high taxes, distrust of government and lack of political support. Any effort by a Sanders administration to enact a single-payer system at a national level would probably be doomed by similar problems." 
As a former superintendent, I know how important it is for kids to have a stable home so they can show up to school ready to learn and succeed. Read my plan for how we achieve that goal: 
 Good start to the day: we've got another solid 2020 Dem housing plan, this one from Welcome to Team YIMB…
 New from new affordable housing plan out today deals with the growing problem of home-o…
 Democratic candidate Michael Bennet unveils housing plan that aims to help middle class 
 "A home is a platform for stability, good health, upward mobility, and opportunity in America."  Sen. Bennet's housing pl…
 Bennet housing plan calls for provisions proposed in AHCIA:  "reform LIHTC by increasing allocations for states by 50%, adj…
 Another candidate housing plan, this one from Michael Bennet: Includes transpo grants “directed…
  plan would also:✅ Preserve affordable housing✅ YIMBY - by reducing exclusionary zoning through combina…
 New housing plan would:✅ Provide $400B for the national Housing Trust Fund✅ Expand and require permanen…
 Another day, another presidential candidate releases an ambitious plan to end homelessness and housing poverty! Thank you…
For too many families, owning a home is out of reach ; costly rent has pushed them to a breaking point.We need more homes near good jobs and schools and to ensure people can afford them. That’s how we create opportunity for all.Unveiling my plan today: 
 Bennet shares personal stories of family with Granite State voters  
We need to be clear about our plans if we're going to beat Donald Trump in 2020.The American people aren't about to give up the privilege of having a choice on health care for the privilege of paying $31 trillion in taxes. 
 Sen. Michael Bennet: "We've got a message based on the work that I've done from 10 years from Colorado that I think will not j…
 NEW: Democratic Sen. brings his campaign for president to Arizona on Friday  via
 Impressive presidential candidate Sen. Michael Bennet (D-CO) in Charlotte tonight: To improve the country, it would be mor…
Starting the day with a lightning round of questions from Granite Staters at Candidate Cafe. Thanks Airport Diner for having us! 
 thinks this is like every other scam he’s run in his life. It’s not. He is the President of the United States of America, and he will be held accountable.
The president should be turning over documents, and instead he’s hiding under his desk at the White House. Clearly he is obstructing justice.
This Trump era has done violence to our constitution and our democracy. We need to get to the bottom of the facts.
Medicare for All is not a recipe for winning back the White House.The American people aren't about to give up the privilege of having a choice on health care for the privilege of paying $31 trillion in taxes. 
This isn't what you do when you had a "perfect phone call." It's what you do when you're covering something up.It's no surprise the president has declared war on this investigation. He has spent his entire presidency at war with the truth. It's time for the truth to win. 
I didn’t have to go to Iowa or run for president to understand what the majority of Americans want and what I believe in. That’s what it is going to take to beat Donald Trump in 2020 and build the coalition needed to actually get things done.
Or support for the 70% of Americans who don’t graduate college who I’ve been fighting to give more attention to in this race...
 and backing the effort I started in 2010 to ban Members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists...
Whether it’s moving toward the public option healthcare plan I started championing a decade ago...
If equal protection under the law means anything, it means LGBTQ Americans should not be fired for being who they are or loving who they love. Full stop.
Candidates running on Medicare for All, like open themselves up to attack from Donald Trump in the general election if they are not clear about the $31 trillion middle-class tax increase that comes with their healthcare plan. 
Catch my full interview with on tonight at 7pm. We caught up about the state of the race just before my town hall with students from Central High School.   
 Good energy for at Manchester Central HS ... full interview tonight at 7 
 In today's - some details from roundtable focused on health policy in Manchester, NH yest…
Two eggs, sausage, hash browns, rye toast — you can’t beat a breakfast like that. Thanks for the jumpstart to my day 
 “Literally the first thing that I would do would be to run a series of bills through the House to reform the way our gove…
Best of luck to today in her NH state house special election. Moving our country forward begins with winning tough races like this one in Epping, and Naomi has shown she will fight for her hometown and for New Hampshire.So Epping, go vote! 
Out here on this rainy New England night knocking doors with who’s running for School Board. As a former school superintendent, I know it’s these local races that make a difference.  
The president’s profound ignorance and lack of judgement were on full display today. He demonstrated weakness by being incapable of standing up to Erdogan and his threats, and abandoning our allies like the Kurds who have fought loyally alongside us. We must do better.
 “If there’s one thing I regret in this race it’s that Medicare for All has sucked up all the oxygen,” say…
Talking about my public option plan, Medicare-X, with the we’re also discussing issues that don’t get enough attention in this primary election: health care costs, rural hospitals, prescription drugs, surprise billing, and so much more.  
NH Dem activist Peter Spanos: "[Bennet's] progressive, results-driven record earned him a win in a historically tough seat for a Democrat. As a ‘purple state’ leader he offers a winning general election path through victories in states like his, and ours."
This morning, Charlotte Mayor and I talked about Charlotte’s boom and how she’s worked to build local partnerships to bring this city the affordable housing ; transit it needs. Great to meet her and Council Member Egleston and see one of America’s great cities. 
 Great conversation over breakfast this morning w/ Senator Mayor ; abo…
 What a privilege to share some oysters with a presidential candidate, and down to earth guy concerned about educating our…
 "Donald Trump is a clear and present danger to our democracy and to our children's future."Sen. Michael Bennet spoke at the…
Anytime I have fish and grits on the same plate, I’m a happy person. cc: 
Thanks for coming out to the event! See you again on the trail soon. 
Favorite president? Abraham Lincoln, no question. He faced the steepest challenges ; had the most profound successes.  
Thank you to Superintendents Barbara Champagne, and Carol Hillman for meeting yesterday.As a former superintendent, I know what you’re doing is imperative to making sure every kid in SC has a strong start. 
The people who wrote our Constitution were founders.So were Frederick Douglass ; Harriet Tubman. And so is who took down the Confederate flag at the SC state house and reminded us of how much work is left to do to live up to our founding ideals. 
 Here’s on health care reform: 
 2020 candidate  says our education system is stuck in the 1800s. Universal preschool conversation has been “c…
 Choosing reader questions for today’s Pints and Politics with at Palmetto Brewery. ht…
On my way to for Pints ; Politics! If you’re in Charleston, come on out. Event starts at 1 PM:  
 Great meeting with this afternoon. Very impressed with his ideas, interest in local issues, and background i…
Thanks for having me on your show—and for making the trip to Charleston! 
 So good to see Senator again today in SC! He’s such an authentic candidate and an amazing senator for “we t…
 Oysters and deviled eggs in one day! Introductions to southern fare are important, as are conversations with local candidates t…
Roasted oysters on the banks of Shem Creek with some great candidates: and and write it down. 
Had a great time meeting Palmetto Staters this morning at  Thank you to the for a great event!   
Thank you to everyone who took time to ask questions today at  From housing and education to health care and building opportunity, these are the issues on the minds of people in SC and across the country.This is what this election must be about. 
OK we have an update. Put deviled eggs up on the big board. 
For 40 years, 90% of the American people haven't seen a decent pay raise. Our economy cannot continue to only benefit the wealthy in times of growth. We need an economy that works for everyone. 
We need an agenda that will win back the nine million Obama-Trump voters if we are going to take the White House and Senate and keep the House. That's why I spent this morning answering voters' questions about economic inequality, health care, and education here in SC. 
Tune into — about to go live from the Charleston  with 
 Asked about education and schools,  says one thing that must be done is “start paying teachers in this…
 Speaking now, says he knows he’s not as high in the polls as other candidates “but I have done the hard…
LIVE: Tune in now to hear my remarks at   
Thank you to Sabrina and all the members of Local 509 International Brotherhood of Teamsters for their hospitality this morning!  
Speech prep and pork rinds...we made it to South Carolina!  
If we're on offense on healthcare in '20, just like in '18, we'll win. But if we run on eliminating Medicare Advantage for 20 million seniors, it makes Trump’s job easier. Just this week he claimed to be the defender of Medicare. Let’s not give away the upper hand on healthcare.
We need to win back the nine million Obama-Trump voters to take the White House and Senate and keep the House. Medicare for All is not a recipe to do that. There’s a reason you don’t see Democrats up for reelection in tough districts running on Medicare for All.
Candidates in competitive districts need a nominee at the top of the ticket with an agenda that will help them win. Latest evidence: — who flipped a district Trump won by 7 points — championing my Medicare-X public option plan in a new ad. 
My health plan starts in rural areas because of stories like these. I hear it all the time in Colorado ; Iowa, where people have to travel too far to get the critical care they need. We need to invest in rural hospitals ; the communities they serve. 
Caregiving is the most meaningful work a parent can do, but for some reason, we’ve made it harder and harder.That's why my American Family Act puts more money in the pockets of families, including stay-at-home parents.
As a former school superintendent, I believe we should wake up every morning ; go to bed every night thinking about how to improve the lives of kids in poverty. Grateful is a cosponsor of my American Family Act ; support is growing. 
Patrick is part of the carpenters union in Iowa. He likes the insurance he has right now.Instead of kicking union members off their negotiated health plans with Medicare for All, let's give them the choice of keeping their insurance or buying a public option, like Medicare-X. 
We need an economy where workers are empowered to bargain for the better wages, benefits, and treatment they deserve.I'm proud to stand with and the employees of Rockingham County Rehabilitation and Nursing as they vote today.
I didn't win two swing state elections by apologizing for Obamacare or making empty promises. I did it by going everywhere, offering ideas that can win broad support — even the places that don’t vote for me. You want to beat Trump? That's how.Watch our latest ad here ⤵️ 
My family and I are sending our best wishes to today for a full and speedy recovery. You can't keep someone with his work ethic down for long — have no doubt he'll be back on his feet soon and we'll see him on the trail.
Making sure our immigration system works is personal for me. My mom and her parents rebuilt their shattered lives here after surviving the Holocaust.When Trump attacks immigrants and refugees and separates families, it's the opposite of what America represents. 
 I'm looking forward to sitting down with and for the next round of Pints ;…
Shana Tovah! I hope everyone has a sweet and happy new year. 
We are the longest lasting democracy in the history of the world, and the world needs us to survive.That is why we need our checks and balances to hold our government accountable. 
We need to finish the job we started with the Affordable Care Act and get everyone covered.And we can do that in just three years with my public option plan — because we don't have time to waste. 
 Your favorite reporter is back to live-tweet a conversation with moderated by for 
 . and  O’Donnell kick off their conversation at   
TUNE IN NOW: Joining O'Donnell right now at   
  ;  coverage continues with one-on-one interview with  presidential candidat…
 WATCH: of the Senate Intel Cmte and a 2020 contender for president discusses the impeachment inquiry with
The people I meet across the county are busy raising their families ; living their lives. They need us in Washington to do our job to get to the bottom of this investigation and move the country forward. 
This president has run roughshod over our Constitution. We need to uphold the rule of law ; stand up for the American people. 
Tune in now — joining on MSNBC live from  
 Looking fwd to final day of 
We have two paths as a party.We can be on offense on health care, or we can be on defense.When we’re protecting and building on the Affordable Care Act, we win. That’s the path we should choose—not taking away health care with Medicare for All. 
 NEW on 2020 presidential candidate Sen. (D-CO) ; ▪️ President Trump's call w…
You're telling me.... 
Over the past 10 years, the forces of money in politics, partisan gerrymandering ; voter suppression have combined to separate the people from their government. On my first day as president, I will prioritize getting money out of politics ; bringing the American people back in. 
Citizens United has created a corruption of inaction that we must overcome to tackle the existential threat that is climate change and take the urgent action we desperately need. 
Heartbreaking. We're all better off for people like Zac, who spend their lives fighting for what they believe in. Our deepest condolences to his loved ones and all of Team Warren. 
We can’t spend 10 more years fighting over Medicare for All. We need to get to universal coverage now, and then tackle the other challenges our nation faces — from climate change to economic inequality. 
To date, Biden, Klobuchar, O’Rourke, and Buttigieg have embraced a plan that is essentially the Medicare-X plan I wrote in the Senate years ago. If we want to beat Trump and achieve universal coverage, Warren and Sanders need to do the same and reject Medicare for All.
A public option is the best way to cover everyone and lower costs, which is why I've championed it for 10 years. I'm glad to see has come down on the right side of the fence he's been straddling during this campaign in his latest ad.
Donald Trump is grinding our institutions into smithereens. 
The Founders created the separation of powers for a reason. No one is above the law. 
The House is right to launch an impeachment inquiry.We also need to protect the whistleblower, and the Director of National Intelligence must hand over the complaint to Congress immediately. This administration cannot hide the truth. 
 Senator will be joining us on Oct 5 at the  He joins an amazing list of speakers that include
  
Thanks to senior Evie Sly for hosting me at today’s  forum, telling me about the history of your school, and unlocking the natatorium for some morning adventures. 
Thanks for creating ; hosting this incredibly important forum—and to the students who showed up to participate at 10am on a Sunday morning! As a former school superintendent, I know how hard that can be... Grateful for the chance to speak with everyone today. 
 One rugged outdoorsman and lover of the West looks over the should of another this morning in Des Moines.
 Sen. Michael Bennet, who has held the most events in IA in Sept, was asked by whether he was moving to IA after Se…
 Thanks Senator for joining us at studios this weekend. Our conversation with
The 1923 Theodore Roosevelt High School Natatorium: A reminder of what it looked like when Americans actually invested in the next generation  
Register to vote! 👇🏼 
 “Your zip code should not determine the quality of your education.” Vows to reform comm colleges for 21st jo…
To me, one of the great injustices in this country is that our education system is reinforcing income inequality, not liberating kids from it. Your zip code or your parents’ income should not determine the quality of your school. 
Washington in so many ways is corrupt and not responsive to the American people. We need to send people to Washington who are responsive to voters, not to special interests. And we need to pass a lifetime ban on members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists. 
 Democratic candidate  is talking about lifelong education at  forum.  htt…
It’s great to be back in a school this morning! Kicking off the  forum with student journalists who know how important a free ; diligent press is to our country. 
Time flies when you’re covering education, gun violence, rural infrastructure, immigration ; more – all in just a half hour. Huge thanks to for having me. Check it out here: 
I’m as enthusiastic about this campaign at this moment as the day I got in this race. Thank you to everyone who has become a part of Team Bennet in Iowa and across the country!  
It could do all of us some good to listen to my daughter Caroline: If you tell the truth, no one can fault you for it. As said, we're pounding truth into this campaign. And we're just getting started! 
The girls were thrilled about their new shirts. Thanks  
  ; his posse earlier this afternoon after addressing the steak fry crowd in Des Moines. 
You could say it was a successful day at the Steak Fry.  
It’s great to be here, Iowa Democrats!  
Ready, set...Taking off from the 
 Sen. team is marching with a giant gavel and reminding people: “two n’s, one t” in their cheers 
Food. Family.  What more could you want? 
Where’s the steak?!...when hands you a veggie burger  
 Candidates making their way into the Polk County Steak Fry.
When you can’t come to Colorado, Colorado comes to you.  
 Thanks to and family for coming by the Iowa Starting Line! 
In Iowa alone, the craft beer industry supports 1,500 jobs and has a $100 million impact on the state economy.I’m not saying you need an excuse. I just think that’s good to keep in mind.  
Technique honed in Colorado.Results delivered for  
The said our campaign is pounding truth into this primary. We think so, too. So we brought a gavel. A big one.  
I-O-W-A Michael Bennet All The Way  
Getting ready for showtime  
Rolling in... here we go!  
Melodie is fired up for  at the  Hear why she joined the team here: 
We’re fired up. We’re organized. We’re dry (for now).  is going to take the  by storm. See you out there. 
 Some of  the team rolling in to join their camp early on this Saturday morning  
 The gavel has arrived. His message today is that he’s going to “pound some truth” in the campaign 
Some members of  had more fun en route to this year’s  than others. Check out part of journey here: 
I’m with And all of the kids who walked out to fight for climate action today.  
“In order to be here, you have to care for the environment. Everyone of us in here strives for a better future for the world.” The students Sec. Vilsack ; I met with at are earning college credits ; skills to go into the clean energy ; environment workforce. 
Spent the morning with Tom Vilsack talking to high school students about the opportunity they have to create a new American economy where clean energy ; technology play an essential role. 
I haven't spent a lifetime in politics. I turned around failing businesses in the private sector and improved outcomes for kids as superintendent in Denver.Now I'm running for president to continue tackling tough problems and make a difference in people's lives. 
I haven't spent a lifetime in politics. I turned around failing businesses in the private sector and improved outcomes for kids as superintendent in Denver.Now I'm running for president to continue tackling tough problems and make a difference in people's lives.
 here we come!-Team Bennet 
In New York, 70,000 more kids have access to preschool because of Mayor De Blasio.  thank you for your leadership working to ensure the next generation has the strong start they need.Let’s continue that fight for every kid in America.
Our kids should never live in a world where they use school supplies to defend themselves. Our kids should never live in a world where these shootings are normal. this ad is powerful, and I’m sharing to continue to demand take action. 
There should never be another climate denier in the White House.  
Their passion for change brought them together - in a jail following a 1960 demonstration. The Clyburns have been an unstoppable team ever since. ; the people of South Carolina have my sincere sympathies on the loss of Ms. Emily Clyburn.
Since the day he stepped into the Oval Office, has attacked science, ignored facts ; undermined actions to protect our climate. As President, I'll rollback his anti-climate policies. Even now I have a bill with 30 cosponsors to do just that. 
 Turns out is a  Thank you so much for the interview!  
Check out those Colorado socks!Thanks to these Georgetown students for their commitment to tackling climate change and participating in the  
 We need to go after Citizens United, gerrymandering, preventing past legislators from becoming lobbyist…
 Based on the UN report, the 2 deg celsius target for limiting climate chang…
 "One of the crazy effects of this trade war is that Brazil is burning down its rainforest in order to plant more…
 "We have to move past this broken democracy we have," in order to  has said a few times during h…
 : “No compromise on the science!” Thank you, senator. Science should always be scrutinized and debated but i…
 Sen. Michael Bennet is up first!  
We just decriminalized magic mushrooms in Denver… It’s not like this is some conservative place… And even there we need a climate change solution that is both bold ; pragmatic. 
I don’t think you can call yourself progressive if you can’t actually make progress. 
]I haven't spent a lifetime in politics. I turned around failing businesses in the private sector and improved outcomes for kids as superintendent in Denver.Now I'm running for president to continue tackling tough problems and make a difference in people's lives. 
We need to transition our economy to clean energy in a way that CREATES jobs. We should never have lost an economic argument on climate to Donald Trump, and I won’t let it happen again. 
Here’s the truth: There’s a better way to achieve universal health care than Medicare for All. Instead of kicking people off of their coverage, let’s build on the Affordable Care Act with my public option plan that gives families a choice. 
Let’s get to a point where we are paying people to sequester carbon in the soil. There is room to bring farmers and ranchers into this fight. I’ve done this work with farmers on the Ag Committee, and would champion this effort as president. 
 "There should never be another climate denier in the White House," says the first candidate participating in…
  lays out the case for structural reform to our democracy to progress on  
The first plan of my campaign was my climate plan, because it's the most urgent issue we face. But if you can't implement your plan, it's meaningless. That's why I've put forward policies that can gain broad support across the country. 
Trump, McConnell ; Koch brothers have blocked all climate action. To overcome them, we need to win in 2020—not just the White House, but up ; down the ballot. That means we need a climate plan that expands the coalition of people who are invested in this fight. 
I’m with — there can be no compromise on the science. And if we don’t take action on climate change now, the next generation won’t have a chance to. Our kids are expecting their elected officials to do their jobs. 
That means we’re going to need to bring unlikely voices, like those of farmers and ranchers, to the table so we can build a broad coalition for change. That’s how we will craft and implement a solution to the climate crisis that can endure. 
We absolutely need an urgent answer to climate change. But just as important, we need a solution that will endure a generation. You can’t solve climate change if the policies you put in place will be ripped out by the next administration. 
Follow along as and I discuss the climate crisis—the science, the political challenges, and how, as President, I will make urgent and lasting change to save our planet and economy.  
  In Colorado, climate change is a huge challenge for farmers and ranchers. Severe droughts are making it harder…
  says that “Trump should be the last climate denier in the White House.” 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 
Ready to kick off the  this morning at 10 AM. Tune in live here 👇🏼 
 Sen. Michael Bennet: "There are candidates running for president that are proposing a plan that would make private insurance i…
People should be able to live their lives and expect that the President is actually trying to make things better for the American people, rather than making things worse. 
Almost 90% of the American people support background checks. It's pathetic that Mitch McConnell won't bring this bill to the floor so we can keep firearms out of the wrong hands. 
Trump’s former campaign manager says he has no obligation to be honest to the press. At least he and his boss are consistent.I choose to live my life, and run for President, with a different moral framework. 
To truly tackle the climate crisis, we need solutions with broad support across the country so they endure beyond the next election cycle — not something cooked up in a petri dish in Washington, DC. 
Today we celebrate  and remember that our nation's most powerful document was signed 232 years ago on this day. "We the people" includes everyone, and we will keep working until that is true for all Americans.
Here’s the truth: There’s a better way to achieve universal health care than Medicare for All.Instead of kicking people off of their coverage, let’s build on the Affordable Care Act with my public option plan that gives families a choice.Watch our second ad here ⤵️ 
I haven't spent a lifetime in politics. I turned around failing businesses in the private sector ; improved outcomes for kids as superintendent in Denver.Now I'm running for president to keep tackling tough problems ; make a difference in people's lives.Watch our first ad ⤵️ 
 Had a nice chat w/ Colorado US Senator Michael Bennet in my office about his Presidential campaign. 
Chatter on cable and Twitter is not going to defeat Trump. Doing the hard political work of organizing people in swing states is the only way to do that.
America is a story of the best impulses of humanity ; the worst impulses of humanity. Trump is a living, breathing manifestation of our worst impulses. But Trump is not all we are; we are better than that. We are living in a time when we need our best impulses to overcome him.
Sharing the stage tonight with an author I admire greatly. I read 400-page memoir in two days, and have poured through it again many times since. If you haven’t picked up a copy of There Will Be No Miracles Here, I couldn’t recommend it more. 
Heading into for a discussion with on the state of our country—and where we go from here. 
 Great conversation today with about social and educational policy.  called him "Wonk-in-Chief…
It is a moral imperative that we get everyone in this country covered. My Medicare-X plan is the fastest and best way to do that, by building on the progress of the Affordable Care Act and giving every American the choice of a public option plan.
We need an economy that works for everyone, not just the wealthy few. Our democracy cannot be sustained otherwise. 
We've got too much at stake to lose to again. We need a vision that unifies Americans on healthcare, climate change, the economy, and education, so we can create a future that works for everybody. 
Unions like built the middle class in America by negotiating for better wages, benefits and treatment in the workplace. That work continues today.I stand with UAW as they fight to ensure their members’ hard work is rewarded with a fair share of the success they’ve created.
Joining on LIVE now. Talking campaign trail and the latest news.We missed you out there tonight 
Heading into 30 Rock... Tune into MSNBC at 7pm ET for the latest news from the campaign trail. 
“President Trump got elected by dividing the American people. I think it's incumbent on the Democrats who want to replace him to offer an agenda that unites America against not just Donald Trump but to overcome a broken Washington.”
 The hosted  for a fascinating conversation about something that doesn’t always get a lot of attention…
Just in case needs a break, I’m staying limber.  
It was a real competition in Ames today, fighting for every yard, with everyone digging in to hold their ground.And that was just behind the set. There‘s a football game still going on too.Spot a familiar face behind 
We’re driving this campaign on passion, determination, and building connections with voters around the country, like Camille and Jennifer, to talk about our plans to build our country back up and how we can do it together. 
 At an event focused on children, Sen. said if he could pick one proposal to get enacted it would be his child…
If we can accomplish these things, we could create the economic security millions of families need.
Going back to work 2 weeks after childbirth, caring for a kid with a pre-existing condition, working multiple jobs to cover rent—these are the reasons we need to increase the minimum wage, enact paid family leave, and increase the Child Tax Credit ; Earned Income Tax Credit.
The stories I heard today from parents with Caucus for Kids are exactly why we need to transform our economy to work for children ; families around the country. 
 "We would wrap our schools with human services programs that our children need, as well as extracurricular mentoring and sport…
 "It's important for us to integrate what we're doing for kids on healthcare in our school systems as well." Sen.
 "It's morally reprehensible that we don't have universal health coverage in this country." on healthcare 
 "We've spent 5.6 trillion dollars on wars in the middle east. That's money we could have spent on children." on…
 "When we are at our best, we are embracing our pluralism, embracing our diversity." Michael Bennet on equal opportunity 
TUNE IN NOW: Joining to talk about building the kind of future each and every kid deserves  
 Watch LIVE at    
 is in NH this weekend. She spent this morning in her element as an environmental defense lawyer meeting with local climate activists ; attending National Drive Electric Week in Concord to talk with voters about how we tackle the climate crisis.   
Thanks to all the students who showed up to a Saturday morning conversation with at that’s commitment to our democracy. Your generation is pushing for change on climate, gun reform, and so much else. It’s time Washington started following your lead. 
  in Marshalltown argues the progressive position is getting free universal pre-K rather than completely…
  introduces himself to some young Hawkeye fans at his Marshalltown event (you can always tell the former…
 Thanks to everyone to came out to hear Senator talk about his campaign for president. Great to hear his answer…
 Make sure to join us tomorrow night when joins the show to talk about his campaign for President Starting at…
We’re ready for and  luck to both teams. I’m sure everyone will play more honorably than Trump golfs. 
 Join the Children’s Policy Coalition for a conversation with 2020 presidential candidate about issues aff…
We couldn’t have asked for a better start to kick off this weekend of meet ; greets in Iowa. Thanks for hosting me at the Lost Canvas Coffee Shop ; engaging in a conversation about the role we all play as citizens to move our country forward. 
Today I’m in Keokuk, in Iowa’s SE corner, on the MO border ; across the Mississippi River from IL. Thanks to Mary Jo ; Vernon from for the tour! Being under blue skies in a place where 3 states come together is a great reminder of how united this nation can be. 
As president, I’ll put the interests of our farmers ; biofuel producers first, end the abuse of refinery waivers, and build the partnerships so desperately needed to invest in the rural economy. 
Trump Admin's reckless policies have caused biorefineries to lay off workers ; shut down—all because is handing out waivers to special interests. Wasting billions of dollars on trade wars ; running farmers out of business is no way to revive rural America. 
Visited with Tom Vilsack today, where this biofuel plant is producing cleaner, cheaper energy and employing workers in eastern Iowa with a living wage. This is a model we should be investing in to help drive our rural economy. 
If we don’t end the corruption in Washington, and we go another decade like the last decade, we will be the first generation of Americans to leave less opportunity, not more, to the people coming after us.
 Presidential candidate will be at the Lost Canvas Coffee Shop in Keokuk this evening for a meet and greet. The eve…
 editorial board: “[T]here’s something wrong with a system that excludes governors, senators and others who’ve served their country but rewards politically inexperienced candidates with very deep pockets."
 2020 candidate Leading Democrats today will not win in Iowa 
 In a reminder that on-the-gound conversations don't always match Twitter: we found a person whose biggest takeaway from…
This election is about beating it’s also about building a broad coalition across the country to make progress on health care, climate change, and education, and create more opportunity for every American. 
We must break the cycle in which our children are stuck, where many have little hope or real prospects for a brighter future. Every child should be at the center of a community that offers them a real chance to flourish personally and prosper financially.
Instead of taking insurance away from 180 million people with Medicare for All, let’s finish what the ACA started and provide everyone the choice of buying a public option. That’s how we’ll reach universal coverage as quickly as possible.
We must overcome the forces trying to separate the American people from our government. We must drive special interests and money out of our politics and bring the American people back in.
On Day 1 of the Bennet Administration, we'll get to work on tackling the climate crisis by engaging a broad coalition of Americans, including our farmers ; ranchers, to develop durable solutions to this existential threat. We don’t have a moment to waste. 
Democracy is under attack at home and across the globe. We must rise to defend it and secure our elections.
We need to put workers first and ensure hard work is rewarded with a living wage ; good middle-class life. My plan invests in workers, raises the minimum wage, expands the Child Tax Credit, ensures paid leave, and strengthens collective bargaining.
I joined  with this week to discuss protecting our democracy from Russian interference and restoring America's position on the world stage.
I’m proud to stand with in the fight to end the gun violence epidemic that plagues communities across the country. 
 We asked 2020 presidential hopefuls to explain why they should be the next president — distilled down to the length of an el…
Our kids should be at the center of the campaign, but they can't vote so too often they get ignored.I have a plan to:✅Cut child poverty in half by 2024✅Provide free, universal preschool✅Ensure HS graduates can earn a living wageEvery candidate should commit to the same. 
We're out of time. Climate change must be confronted now. That's why we'll get to work on Day 1 of a Bennet administration to tackle it. 
Let’s just say I’m savoring my position atop this important poll. 
 took the mic at our HQ office opening to remind us what we're fighting for every day on this campaign: "An American dream that is inclusive, an American dream that lifts up everybody.” 
 New  ; bid farewell to Trump’s former National Security Advisor, John Bolton, and Se…
Trump’s reckless trade war isn’t just about a bad negotiator waging a losing battle of egos. It results in huge costs to American workers and families: 300,000 jobs lost so far, and counting.
Just as every generation has tragedy, every generation has heroes. The heroes of September 11th — the first responders, the helpers, and those who stood strong in the face of evil — deserve our solemn remembrance and respect today.
Thank you to everyone for the support at tonight’s official HQ office opening! We couldn’t make the calls, knock the doors, or build this campaign without you.  
“Michael won his race in Colorado defending Obamacare, not running from it. He’s running this race the same way: putting his head down, going living room to living room, and building a broad coalition.” - 
 Former Governor Bill Ritter at the grand opening of the for America National Head Quarters in Lakewood Col…
Ritter: “When I appointed Michael he had 3% name recognition…The headwinds were against him at a time people said it wasn’t going to happen, and he won.” …Michael is “intellectual, collaborative, persistent and patient at the same time.”
News from Team Bennet: Former Colorado Governor Bill Ritter, who appointed Michael to the Senate, tonight endorsed him for President.“I really believe among the field, Michael Bennet is the single best person to serve as President of the United States starting in January 2021.” 
We’re going LIVE from our official office opening in Colorado! Former Governor Bill Ritter and Susan Daggett are up next. Watch here:  
Good riddance. 
  Michael Bennet’s pragmatic case for president 
 “I don’t think the American people are in any sense prepared for that or want that." That's on 
Getting ready for the official opening of Bennet for America's national HQ in Lakewood, CO!Join and former Governor tonight:  
 Join CSIS tomorrow at 5:30 pm for a conversation with on his new book, "Dividing America: How Russia Hacked Social…
 My answer by the way is a qualified “yes.” We are over-hyping premature polling to create a false sense of certainty.…
Just like the generations before us, we can rise to our nation’s challenges and build a new American Dream that’s worthy of our children. 
  speaks to supporters at Portland Pie Co. after speaking at the convention just down the street.  
  today: “McConnell won’t fix himself. The Freedom Caucus won’t fix themselves.  They are tyrants...we ha…
 Join CSIS on Tuesday, September 10 at 5:30 pm for a conversation with on his new book, "Dividing America: How Russ…
 Sen. Bennet makes his pitch to voters at a breakfast meeting. Hits on his common themes, education, importance that candida…
 Gary Hart: “Seeking the presidency of the United States is one of the most difficult projects a person can undertake. If you d…
America promises equal access to great public education. But equal isn't equal when one group of kids has access to opportunities that others, through no fault of their own, do not.We have a duty to restore that promise. That’s what I’ll do as president. 
I come from a state that’s a third Republican, a third Democrat, and a third Independent. I know we need an agenda that will unite our country if we’re going to beat Donald Trump. 
On it. 
Thank you to every person who knocked on doors for Gary Hart in the 80s and showed up tonight to continue pounding the pavement nearly 40 years later. The spirit in New Hampshire is remarkable. 
 Speaking now at the New Hampshire Democratic Party State Convention: Colorado Senator  
LIVE NOW: I'm addressing the  convention. Watch my remarks and introduction by Gary Hart here:   
Taking the stage with Gary Hart at the  Convention. 
 ICYMI: Gary Hart endorsed this morning. The former Colorado senator believes Bennet is poised for a resurgent…
Gary Hart: “He has the intellectual capacity, the experience in government at all levels… he is remarkably intelligent, and is an internationalist. All of this is going to have to be at the forefront of Democrats’ decision as to who will represent our party.” 
In 1984, Gary Hart won a surprise victory in New Hampshire on the basis of bold new ideas to change the country. It's time for a new generation of leadership once again. 
Looking forward to addressing  today. Tune in here at 1:30 p.m. ET to watch my remarks and introduction by Gary Hart:    
 meeting with and discussing the importance of strengthening union power and wage equity!…
 Gary Hart rolling out his endorsement of at the NHDP convention 
 Endorsing for President, 1984 Presidential Candidate Gary Hart would give this advice to the frontrunne…
 Former CO Sen. Gary Hart endorsing for president here at the NH State Democratic Convention 
 It is  and Gary Hart in New Hampshire. Hart was a surprise winner of the 1984 primary here. 
 “It does seem like a long time ago - it’s great to be back,” Gary Hart says, returning to New Hampshire to endorse the “re…
 NOW: Gary Hart back in  backing  - Hart won the ‘84 primary  via 
 Former Sen. Gary Hart, endorsing  joked, “I think two-thirds of the press corps today were not even alive w…
LIVE: Happening now - watch former Senator Gary Hart discuss his endorsement: 
I sat down yesterday with educators, parents, and students to talk about the future of education in this country. If we're not putting their concerns front and center in this race, then we're failing our kids and working families. I won't allow it. 
 Thank you, for your pledge to  by committing to make  available to all kids and…
See you tomorrow, New Hampshire! 
Plans for big structural change that collapse the day after the primary are empty promises. 
 New from For a public schools education plan is more than just bashing Betsy DeVos 
American workers made this country the most prosperous nation in history. They earned their day of celebration this past Monday. But more importantly, they deserve political leaders who stand with them on Tuesday ; Wednesday — and every day thereafter. 
A middle school in Kentucky. A new classroom building for cadets at West Point. As I rolled out my plan to invest in education, Trump is zeroing out funding for schools to build his wall.He’s willing to harm students just to benefit his ego.
Preschool plastic food &gt; Senate cafeteria food 
The 70% of Americans who don’t earn a college degree should be able to earn a living wage, not just the minimum wage. And that’s what the heart of my education plan is all about. 
 Wonk-in-chief: Elizabeth Warren’s ideas get noticed. Michael Bennet’s are better  via
In the time has been in office, I can emphatically say he has not done a single thing to help kids get a better education. It’s a disgrace. 
Tune in LIVE to our  at where I’m with 2017 Iowa Teacher of the Year discussing the education plan I unveiled today. Watch here:  
If more 2020 candidates spent time talking to 2040 voters, they may have a different set of priorities in this race. The whole point of this politics business is to ensure the next generation has more opportunity than we did. 
These kids have no hate, no greed, and no fear of the future. Instead, they have a love of learning and hearts full of hope. Lets give them a future that rewards both. 
Dropped off school supplies at a preschool for the first day of class! We are organizing a School Supply Drive TONIGHT at our  at at 5:30 PM. It’s open to everyone. Hope to see you there. 
 Ran into and after they met in Des Moines. “He’s a real human being,” Sand said of Bennet, adding…
I want this young man to feel the same way on his last day of high school. That’s why a quality education matters. 
 Preschoolers at the Jesse Franklin Taylor Education Center marked the start of their educational journey today, and also wel…
 At a education event in Des Moines and I’ve got to say the name placards in comic sans font are very on b…
 "We've had 40 years of increasing economic inequality and an education system that reinforces that inequality instead of l…
Thanks to ; for hosting this morning’s roundtable with education leaders at Taylor Learning Center — on the first day of school no less! Learning more about the challenges your students ; teachers face is critical to being able to improve our schools. 
 “If it were up to me we’d be talking about free preschool, not free college,” says at an education round tabl…
My tenure as Superintendent of the Denver Public Schools informed everything I’ve done since—as a senator, parent, and advocate for working families. My presidency will be no different. Here’s my plan to put our students first in the White House:  
If you live near Des Moines, come to today’s  I’ll be with 2017 Iowa Teacher of the Year talking about kids, schools, the economy, and our future.  What: Education Town HallWhere: 5:30 PM CTRSVP: 
 Colorado Senator visits 92Y on Sept. 16 to talk gun reform, immigration, climate change, health care and other topi…
 I was lucky enough to lead CPS when was doing the same in Denver- I learned a lot from him.Maybe more impor…
Debate moderators haven’t asked a question about education so far this election cycle.They didn’t in 2016, either.That’s why I raised it when asked about inequality. Our kids deserve more of their elected leaders. 
  on his K-12 plan:“There has not been a single question in any debate, this cycle or last, about K-12 educa…
 Michael Bennet Releases K-12 Plan, Says Education System Reinforces Inequality 
In every community, my Administration will: ✅Establish free preschool✅Support longer school days ; years✅Establish free community college ; debt-free public college✅Increase teacher pay ; tackle K-12 funding disparities✅Lower loan payment caps…and much more.
NEW:In our education system today, equal is not equal. We need a bold commitment to change that. In my Administration by 2028, every child will be at the center of a community that offers them the chance to flourish personally ; prosper financially.
Climate change is an existential threat.That’s why it was the very first plan I released from my campaign — back in May, not on the eve of the  will also be the very first thing I tackle on Day One as President.
 We’re also gonna talk about that time Senator Bennet flamed Ted Cruz on the Senate floor ! 🔥🔥🔥 
 Yesterday I was able to show and three gems in Linn County - the Groundswell Cafe run by…
 U.S. Sen. stopped by the Iowa City Federation of Labor picnic while campaigning in eastern Iowa on Labor D…
 Talking  with Senator in Waterloo as he runs for POTUS2020. He said he liked my t-shirt and we…
We have to beat Donald Trump. But also, "think of it as a battle against 40 years of economic immobility in this country." 
 Colorado Sen. spoke at the Rock Island County  picnic today in East Moline, Ill. "To make progr…
  didn't mince words when it came to Mitch McConnell. Listen to the 2020 hopeful on this week…
You could rock a bag of your own like my wife Visit  
I’ve done a lot of things for a living.But I suspect I’ll never be a dancer. 
My first job was painting houses with a few friends. The company was Three Stooges Painting Company and our tagline was “We’ll Paint Your Dog At No Extra Cost.”Since then, I’ve been a lawyer, a businessman, and a public school superintendent. How about you?  
Today, on the 125th anniversary of Labor Day, we honor the American worker.If you’re one of the millions of Americans who gets out of bed each morning and works hard for you and your family, today’s cookouts are for you.If only everyone in Washington worked as hard as you do.
Looks like the has been listening to my friend Glad the Smithsonian uses this holiday to continue to highlight the dignity of work. 
Thanks for your leadership, Great to have you open today’s event at in Cedar Rapids. 
Texas Gov. was asked today about the newly weakened Texas’ gun laws that just went into effect.His answer: “Some of these laws were enacted for the purpose of making our community safer.”If only some were meant to make people safer, what about the rest? 
 Asked what he would do on day one in office as president, lists several goals, including:- Reversing the…
 A message for Colorado's favorite son: Stay in the race Michael Bennet, stay | Cronin and Loevy
The increasing occurrence of these storms is further evidence that we must invest in the preparedness of our communities. As a country, we can commit to build more resilient infrastructure—and we need to start now. 
The historic power of Hurricane Dorian should not be taken lightly. Stay vigilant and stay safe if you’re potentially in this terrible storm’s path.  
West Texas has had enough heartbreak. Our inability to keep guns away from those who should never possess them is unacceptable. Lip service won’t solve anything. This tweet won’t solve anything either. But what we’re doing—NOTHING—is getting Americans killed every damn week.
Thank you! So glad to have you on the team.Every contribution helps:  
 Thoroughly enjoyed this episode.  But then every one I hear I say, “this one was the best”.  But this one really was...🙂. New…
 Terrific interview with Sen. Bennet and like others on StayTunedWithPreet gave e…
 Just want to say that presidential candidate called the Iowa State - Northern Iowa game as a tie a few d…
Congratulations to and on a real nailbiter. Triple overtime!
 Called Nevada over Purdue and Iowa State UNI tied after regulation hahaha, wildly impressive from a presidential candidat…
Called it.  
In case you were wondering, I don’t golf. 
 This guy's got the fire, too. Check him out at  
 On Saturday 9/28 at 2:45 p.m., sits down with U.S. Sen. of Colorado
 CO Senator wants to stop the Trump clown car and bring normalcy back to the White House. Listen to the POTUS…
 Coming to  interviews on his race for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2020…
 U.S. senator from Colorado and Oval Office hopeful Michael Bennet will open an office in Iowa City Monday.
 Ha! It’s not everyday you get a (qualified) compliment from a Presidential candidate!If you need me on the ticket (and
I love you too You're my second favorite Talk Soup host ever. CC: 
A candidate’s guide to this week’s picks:Iowa over Miami (OH)Iowa St vs N Iowa - TIEDrake over N DakotaClemson over GA TechSouth Carolina over UNCSC State vs Wofford - TIEFurman vs Chas. Southern - TIENevada over PurdueUNLV over S Utah
 CO Senator ; POTUS candidate explains why he's a “pragmatic idealist” rather than a moderate on this week’s…
 NEW from me: Picture it: the insurgent. He didn’t make the debate cutoffs, but he’s staying in the race,…
 What is the state of our democracy? CO Senator ; POTUS candidate and I discuss this ; much more on this we…
 I deeply like and respect   He’s a thoughtful, high character person on a righteous mission.  But can he…
We start keeping score on February 3, 2020. See you in Iowa. 
This is a slap in the face to every U.S. servicemember and dedicated public servant who is proudly serving their country abroad. 
This is a false choice.The best way to quickly achieve universal coverage AND give unions the freedom to keep their hard-fought health care benefits is my Medicare-X public option plan:  
So long as hundreds of thousands of American deaths are just another cost of doing business, the opioid crisis will not end. These companies haven’t just ignored the epidemic — they've fueled it. They need to be held accountable for the negligence that’s created this crisis. 
 thank you for your leadership in this race as a fighter who has lifted up the voices of so many Americans.Looking forward to continuing to work together to build a stronger nation for all.
 CO Senator ; POTUS candidate discusses how continues to paralyze Congress and how to stop him…
56 years ago today, Dr. Martin Luther King and tens of thousands of Americans of every description marched, together, for jobs and freedom.MLK recognized that equality and freedom could not exist without economic justice. It remains as true today as it was in 1963. 
 Thank you, for participating in  you at Sept. 19-20. 
Read the full letter to here: 13/13
Why are candidates prohibited from participating in non-DNC forums and debates that would allow the voters the opportunity to hear in-depth discussion given the DNC’s refusal to hold issue-specific debates?12/
Did the DNC consult with television networks on the debate requirements? Are television networks making decisions to limit candidates from the debate?11/
Why is the DNC in an unprecedented rush to eliminate candidates from a volatile field five months before the first vote is cast?10/
What campaigns will consult moving forward, and if not all of them, why not?9/
Was anyone who is now on the staff of a presidential campaign consulted about the debate qualification rules?8/
With whom did consult to determine the donor threshold, and what is the significance of that particular number?7/
Why were polling organizations that were permissible in Debates 1 and 2 deemed no longer permissible in Debates 3 and 4? 6/
Who at DNC decided which polls would be sanctioned? What was specific criteria for allowing certain polls ; not others ; why hasn't that been publicly disclosed? For example, why are polls from reputable polling orgs, such as Suffolk, Marist ; Siena, excluded from DNC’s list?5/
If the rules have not been finalized for the next set of debates, why hasn’t this happened yet and when does expect to get around to it?4/
Why hasn’t the DNC informed campaigns of the entry requirements ; qualifying deadlines for upcoming debates 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 ; 12 so each campaign can plan its strategy accordingly ; have confidence the DNC is not moving the bar on behalf of the frontrunners’ campaigns?3/
Why didn’t consult DNC membership — which is the governing body of the Democratic Party — or state parties in designing the debate process and criteria?2/
I won’t be onstage for the September debate, but we're full steam ahead, meeting with voters in early states and working toward the next debate.Problem: we don’t know the qualifications for those future debates. Neither do you.Today we asked some questions.1/
New poll: Only 22% of Dems support Medicare for AllIf can’t convince even 1/4 of our party, it’s fair to ask how they’ll earn entire country's support.We’ve already seen Sanders backtrack ; it's time Warren do the same ; join fight for a public option. 
"Today, he is the insurgent, and Iowa is for insurgents." 
Meet some of the dogs of  (plus a few we met along the way…)If dogs could vote, the world would be a much better place. 
If we want to take back the Senate and hold the House, we have to put forward an agenda that speaks to a broad coalition of Americans. As the former chair of the DSCC, I can tell you that purple ; red state candidates know exactly what that means. 
In 1971, Rep. Bella Abzug proposed to mark  on the official anniversary of women obtaining the right to vote. 48 years later, much remains to be done, but Abzug’s leadership on women’s rights ; LGBT rights serves as inspiration still. 
Is this what passes for Trump's response to climate change can we rethink having that climate change debate, please? 
Still thinking about this beautiful summer day in New Hampshire last weekend. Thank you, Granite Staters, for another great trip!   
This would be the perfect food to serve at the if only the Iowa State Fair lasted seven years. 
Thank you to and everyone in Council Bluffs for the kind hospitality earlier this week! 
“These rules have created exactly the wrong outcome, and they will not help us beat Donald Trump.’’ 
The American Dream isn’t fame and fortune, it’s a decent middle-class living, a good job, and security for your family.My plan invests $500 billion in American workers, enacts paid family and medical leave, and expands the Child Tax Credit.
 It’s been great talking this week to from all across the USA about the great work being done ; by our cand…
Thanks to the for the gift! Good thing you can’t hack a t-shirt. 
 Presidential hopeful Michael Bennet says that recent events have underscored how the Democratic process has been skewed with…
 reminded us that leaders are only as effective as their dedication to serving others. Thank you, Seth, for your contributions to this race and your outstanding service to our country.
 demonstrated today that you don’t have to be the Democratic frontrunner to make a mark. His message was st…
I'm spending my time focused on what matters most: talking to voters ; beating Donald Trump. 
 "I'm from the 'Let's beat Donald Trump' wing of the Democratic Party."  at  Summer Meeting in San Fran…
  says he won’t make the third debate stage, but he will be in IA, NH, NV, SC “building the constituency fo…
The DNC's process is stifling debate at a time when we need it most. And it will NOT help us beat Donald Trump.If we wanted to be the party that excluded people, we'd be Republicans. 
 Thank you for signing the State Party Pledge and affirming your commitment to a strong partnership with stat…
About to take the stage at the DNC Summer Meeting.  📺 Tune in here: 
 Wow. Great stuff in new workers platform. Banning non-competes and “no-poaching” provisions would be a big…
 Thank you Senator!  Your leadership on this matter (and many others) is greatly apprec…
 Credit where credit is due, when Senator was asked to sign a pledge to keep investing in every state he…
 Thank you for endorsing the state parties' blueprint for a sustained 50 state strategy- building the gr…
 Thank you for being the first Democratic Presidential Candidate to sign the pledge to support the important…
When Dems win, so do American families and workers. That's why I signed pledge to make sure our Democratic grassroots organizing infrastructure is built to last! Excited to work with state parties to elect Democrats up and down the ballot in 2020.
“Bennet has thrown down the gauntlet by offering a plan, and it’s a good one. Other contenders should join him.” 
 “But perhaps the most interesting idea in the Bennet platform is the simplest: endorsing a proposal by Federal Reserve staf…
 Econ Twitter reading drop today: 
Washington is broken. We need more people who can put aside politics and make progress. John is a good friend with a lot to offer Colorado. Glad to see him continue this fight. 
This disturbing fiscal outlook is the direct result of tax cuts for the rich ; two spending deals — all of which I opposed. The fiscal recklessness of Donald Trump ; the hypocrisy of his GOP enablers in Congress know no bounds. We have to do better than this. 
The DNC's process is favoring those who can buy their way in over substantive candidates like fact that the climate candidate was precluded from participating in the climate town hall is farcical.This is not the way to build our party ; beat Donald Trump.
 thank you for putting the fight against climate change — the most pressing issue of our time — front and center in this race. This existential threat cannot be ignored, and we all must carry the torch forward together to tackle it.
Trump talks a lot about helping workers, but from his tax cuts to his reckless trade war to his continued effort to rip health care from millions, he's all empty promises. I have a plan that puts workers first.
 New episode (No. 39) of joins for a 1-on-1 interview. Plus,
 Kudos to and his team, not just for featuring  (🙏🙏🙏)  but also for highlighting monetary policy…
 Michael Bennet continues to impress in the Ideas Primary putting out an excellent worker focused economic plan. 
 good stuff from re Fed policy ... including   ... read the whole plan here: 
Everywhere I go, I hear from people who are working incredibly hard, but still can’t afford a good middle-class life. My new plan invests in America’s workers and makes work pay again — especially for the 70% of Americans without a four-year degree.
I don’t know what the writers at make, but they deserve a raise. They’ve really kicked it up a notch lately. 
Thanks to the editorial board of the for the opportunity to sit down and talk about why I’m running for president. I’m sorry I pounded on your table so much, but if this election isn’t important enough to pound on a table over, nothing is. 
Applaud for banning ads from state-controlled media. But there's a lot more we should do to stop foreign governments from distorting our democracy through social media. See my plan →  
 The Register editorial board's Iowa Caucus First Impressions: Democratic presidential candidate pounds some…
Today is the 400th anniversary of the first enslaved Africans reaching Virginia’s shore. The story of those who built the American economy, creating wealth for all but themselves, is not just African-American history: it is American history. 
 "So let us pound this point into the table: Iowa caucusgoers ... would be well-served to give Bennet more attention. He…
"As a member of the Senate 'Gang of Eight' that got 68 Senate votes for bipartisan, comprehensive immigration reform legislation in 2013, Bennet speaks with authority on the issue."
"Bennet uses his experience as a former superintendent in Denver’s public schools as a compass in his political life, saying he first considers how policy proposals would affect the students he used to serve."
 The Register's ed board tells caucusgoers to give a look. 
"Bennet makes the case that rather than squandering the time, political capital and money needed to enact a 'Medicare for All' plan, Congress should take the easier road of fixing the [ACA] with a public option and then turning its attention to other pressing matters..."
"[Bennet] makes a forceful case against Sen. Bernie Sanders’ 'Medicare for All' proposal, which would eliminate private health insurance. Bennet’s 'Medicare X' plan is centered around adding a public option to the framework of the existing Affordable Care Act."
"One of the editorial board members remarked that Bennet's 'a truth-teller — someone on the inside who doesn’t mince words about why everything is screwed up. And why sensible ideas like his don't ever get a hearing.' "
"So let us pound this point into the table: Iowa caucusgoers ... would be well-served to give Bennet more attention. He offers a much-needed reality check on the promises candidates are offering and what it will take to accomplish meaningful change." 
 "Our exercise in self-government is under extraordinary strain. It was before Trump arrived, it's worse since he arrived," Sen.
Our kids have a reasonable expectation that we will do our job, so they can go and do theirs. Right now, we're failing them on education, climate change, and immigration, and that's unacceptable. That's why I'm running. 
Learn more about Russia’s secretive and divisive social media disinformation campaign during the 2016 election — and the danger it continues to pose for 2020 — at  And while you're there, send a copy to  
Remind me to pack rain boots next time... after a day of activity in the rain, these were soaked
It was a pleasure to meet today! Thank you so much for your leadership. 
 I think is the leader who meets your criteria Of competence, integrity, and decency. 
I mean yes, let’s drain the swamp, but can we start with the swamp in my shoes? 
If I’m being handed a jug of fantastic homemade maple syrup autographed by the sugarmaker himself, I’m definitely in New Hampshire.Thanks for having me, Miller Farm! 
Homemade peach cobbler, crisp, and ice cream eaten right in the orchard...doesn’t get much better than that. A great rainy day for Peaches ; Politics with the 
Civilian Conservation Corps, which built Colorados’s very own Red Rocks, inspired the creation of Concert Corps in New Hampshire. Thanks for organizing this serve-a-thon and leading the charge to pack 25,000 meals for Manchester families. 
 Listen back to today's show: Our reporters' roundtable with and a conversa…
 "I'm the only candidate in this race who has won two national races in a purple state, in the middle of the country. I th…
If I were elected president, I would spend time in places where I don’t win more than 30% of the vote but can work to stitch the country back together. You can’t fix Washington from Washington. We have to go out into America and focus on all that unites us.
Everyone in our country has a responsibility to help preserve our democracy. said, “I alone can fix it.” That un-American. It’s up to all of us to step up and work together to make progress.
 LIVE on  candidate 
Coming to you live from with Starting the conversation off with health care. Tune in. 
 We're LIVE now with to talk about his run for president. Watch it now. 
 "People are desperate to have a competent president again, and they would like to go on with their lives,"…
 Listen in: Sen. is the latest presidential candidate to join the program.What are your questions for his…
Why is refusing to put bipartisan election security bills up for a vote?Join me in demanding he protect our democracy NOW at  
SCOOP: Here’s what really happened during the drive in Clear Lake:....Gave the first look at 
Russia hacked our democracy. The book I put together on the subject has enough pictures that even can understand it.
 wants a new job as US prez, so we asked him our go-to interview Q’s. Hint: his five year plan involves a big W…
Make sure  hears you: Russian election interference threatens our democracy. Send a copy of "Dividing America" now.Visit  and tell him it’s time to act.
 2020 candidate Michael Bennet trolls Mitch McConnell with his book release on Russian election interference, vows to send…
   demonstrates aplomb and perspective, refusing to criticize any other candidate, and saves ire for the Ru…
 was a great mayor and governor, and helped shape the presidential race with his pragmatic viewpoint. He provided a valuable voice in this primary, bringing the ideas and solutions he successfully championed in Colorado to the national debate.
Call it boring. I’m just trying to Make Competence Cool Again. 
 You can not ignore Russia's interference in our elections. This book makes crystal clear what Russia did and how they di…
 Colorado senator and 2020 presidential candidate Michael Bennet has vowed to send a copy of his new book to Senate Majorit…
Every single person in this country needs to know what Russia did to sow division and discord in our political discourse.Every single person in this country needs to demand that Mitch McConnell defend our democracy. 
 Russia Hacked Our Democracy — Michael Bennet’s sharp new book on what happened, what’s still going on and what Moscow Mitc…
Tune in now with to hear more on why  needs to read my new book, Dividing America, about Russian propaganda and demand he defend our elections. Send McConnell a copy right now at  
 Protecting the integrity of the democratic process and ensuring that everyone has confidence in the outcome is something that…
 I was honored to help assist Sen with his project to tell the story of how influence operations divide us. It’…
This is why I compiled “Dividing America.”Russia spread disinformation and drove a wedge further into our politics ; national discourse.We’ll only be able to move forward if everyone recognizes what they did. 
Thanks to you, 1,600 copies of "Dividing America" are on the way to  to force him to face the disturbing images of Russia's election interference. Let's double that tonight to say loud ; clear that we demand a vote to defend democracy 👇
 THREAD: Russia’s interference in 2016 US elections is a fact, but their online  effort still feels intangible t…
 This is an absolute must read! 
Mitch McConnell is trolling the American people by doing nothing to protect the integrity of our elections. Tell  to slow his troll and act to stop Russian interference now.
  new book on Russian information operations is a must read for all Americans - a clear illustration of…
   makes an important point: That we didn’t recognize Russian propaganda as distinct from our own political r…
 Apparently,  needs to be reminded about how Russia interfered in our democracy. He has a chance to pass elect…
Last night launched new voter protection effort. We can't let that important work be diminished by foreign gov'ts undermining civil discourse. Together, projects like this ; “Dividing America” can make a difference to protect elections.
 Every American concerned about Russian interference in our elections should read this new book by and demand…
The propaganda Russia drove into our social media feeds is shocking, but what’s even more frightening is that we didn’t recognize these divisive images as distinct from our own political rhetoric for over a year. 
 This guy is smart, kind, caring. Not sure where my vote is going, but Michael Bennet should get some more notice. 
 Full interview: 2020 presidential candidate joins  to talk about Russia's interference in the 2016 election…
 Remember when was and totally lit up when asked a question about  and election interfe…
The propaganda Russia drove into our social media is graphic and unsettling McConnell needs to see these disturbing images.Send him a copy at  and demand he act now to protect our elections. 
Most books by candidates are aspirational or autobiographical. This one’s neither. It’s not even about my campaign—it’s about Russia’s campaign on behalf of Trump. That campaign continues thanks to inaction. Send him a copy today.  
Thank you, Secretary Clinton, for your leadership on this subject since well before the 2016 election. 
  is sending a copy of his new book  to for every donation made.  That's a…
Russian election interference is a serious and profound threat to our democracy and democracies around the globe.See what their propaganda looks like first hand →  
 Amazing what Russia did to our election. You can see  specific posts and who they target in graphic detail.  And what is wro…
 This  plan from is solid.  
 Please read this book. 
 Please read  —  and for every donation of any size on that website, we will send a copy of the boo…
Live now with talking about my new book Dividing America and the Russian propaganda in our social media feeds. But won’t take action to defend us. Go to  to send  a copy of the book and demand he protect our democracy. 
 "What does it say about us, that we didn't recognize it as propaganda, we just thought it was our ordinary political discourse?"…
Be like Check out my book on how Russia hacked our democracy. It’s free on  
Go to  to send  a copy of Dividing America, my new book on how Russia hacked social media, and demand he take action to protect our democracy.
  is LIVE! We're discussing Jay-Z's partnership with the NFL, talking to 2020 candidate plus sitting down w…
Live with talking about my new book, Dividing America, and demanding that  see these images and bring bipartisan election security bills to the floor for a vote. 
 Part of the reason I complied this book was to make sure every American can recognize and defend against Russian propaganda. Thanks for pursuing that same effort,
 I just joined effort to combat Russian interference in our elections  
 Love it, keep fighting for us, Michael!
 Important new book by -- continuing to shine a bright light on election interference/security. AND Bennet…
 Ok.  You just got me. 
Make sure  hears you: Russian election interference threatens our democracy. Send him a copy of "Dividing America" now.Visit  and tell Mitch it’s time to act. Today. 
  has posted a “Graphic New Book” about Russian election interference on his website and offering to send it…
 I just joined effort to combat Russian interference in our elections 
Russia hacked our democracy in 2016 ; they continue to interfere right now, seeking to divide us as a country. That’s why I put together this book. Every day Donald Trump tries to divide us, he’s helping Putin. Go to  ; send a copy now. 
Russia meddled in our 2016 election. They continue now ; will in the future. My book lays out how in graphic detail. doesn’t care — or doesn’t mind a foreign nation interfering in our democracy. Demand action now: send him a copy at 
About to go on to launch my new book about how Russia hacked our social media and undermined our democracy, and what we can do about it. 
Stay tuned... 
I don’t do what I do to be on TV or get on stage at the state fair. I do it because these kids deserve a chance—their absolute best chance—to turn into adults who will change the world. I learn more on the floor of a classroom than the floor of the Senate. Thanks for having me. 
 Michael Bennet is touring an elementary school in downtown Des Moines today. He walked into a classroom, took off his suit jac…
 Watch it live now: Democratic presidential candidate  is meeting with the  editorial board htt…
I stepped on stage yesterday at the Iowa State Fair to share my vision for America. That vision requires that each of us put in the work to renew the promise of this democracy for our kids ; grandkids. I hope you’ll join me. 
 Bennet responded to Trump retweeting unfounded conspiracy theories: “The fact that he has time to do this is just a furthe…
 Sen. ; family played bumper cars (not pictured: the Superman-style Hang Glider he rode with his daughters)…
 Thank you to Democratic presidential candidate a U.S. Senator from Colorado, for voting in our 
 He’s pretty fired up this afternoon. Raising his voice on disagreeing with Sanders on M4A and calling Trump and McConnel…
2 years ago, Nazis marched at where Jefferson said students wouldn’t be afraid to “follow truth wherever it may lead ... so long as reason is left free.”This administration prefers conspiracy theories to reason, and lies to truth, to our detriment.We must win in 2020.
This isn’t just about one person at 1600 Pennsylvania. It’s about all of us. And what we must do together to unify our country ; actually make progress. It’s never been easy, but I’m more optimistic than ever that we can win in 2020 ; govern this country again.   
 Next candidate is . Before he was a Senator he was a Superintendent in the Denver public schools. He says we ha…
Anne has her permit now. Watch out world. 
Perfect. You’re a natural. 
Post a screenshot of your donation below and I’ll eat a cookie in your honor.  
And thank you for the important work you’re doing. Thanks for coming out today. 
 Following his soapbox speech at the came by to support  One of the great stats d…
Everyone got a chance to flip some porkchops, but they’re a little jealous they didn’t get to wear the cool apron. 
Deep fried Snickers are delicious.Also, does anyone know a good dentist? 
Might need a little break before having more fair food after this one. 
 Now this is some State Fair content: and two of his daughters go up on the hang glider ride 
 Mike Bennet takes his daughters on a ride at the fair 
Bringing the whole family to the great idea.Having a corndog right before Susan and the girls gang up on me in bumper cars? Maybe not the best idea. 
 Sen. is up now at the Soapbox. 
 on the Soapbox stage now. 
About to take the stage at the Iowa State Fair Soapbox! 
We’ve now been in this race for 100 days.We’ve built a great team ; released ambitious policy plans on health care, climate change, ; gov’t reform.We’ve made sure candidates ; voters know that in education “equal isn’t equal.”But we need you.
 Loving me quickly became a Family affair. Thanks for all the pets, new friends!  Come back and see me anyti…
 Get on down here . I think it says a lot about a person willing to meet me at eye level. It’s not easy! Wha…
 He speaks with the passion of a father who understands his obligation to protect the  future of his kids and mi…
It’s a standing room only crowd here at full of people who care about combating climate change and protecting our environment, health ; economy. We must build a constituency for change by involving the agricultural community in climate solutions. 
 "We have a  denier in the  says  "This is absurd. His denial will ruin our economy…
We need a president who doesn’t look to our worst impulses as a country, but instead appeals to our better angels and unifies the nation. 
  on hyper-partisanship: “Donald Trump has a strategy to divide the country so he can win.” He adds: “we h…
 On gun violence says “the public is being galvanized” by organizations that are calling for gun control.…
 thinks he can win by dividing this country. We have to unify this country — that’s what the people in Iowa and New Hampshire and South Carolina and Colorado want. 
People are sick of waking up every morning in reality TV show. 
11:00 AM ET: Appear on 11:10 AM: Consume first wonder bar of the day and ride the ferris wheel. 11:20 AM: Maybe have another wonder bar?Join me on Face The Nation, live from the 
 SUNDAY: We interview 2020 Democratic Presidential Candidate other guests ➡️ 
My message to every single person across the country advocating for gun safety policies and holding their representatives accountable for failing to act ⬇️ 
The day after the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary, decided she had to do something. She is proof of the power every individual American has to affect change, as has led the effort to combat gun violence. Thank you for your advocacy ; for hosting today. 
 “In the first 90 days of my administration, I’d make sure we galvanize every single federal agency in Washington that has an…
 U.S. Sen. on stage, say's he'll be surprised if Senate Majority Leader McConnell allows a floor vote on gun s…
  “I’d love to see the pressure on the senators going to the floor voting against something that 90 percent of the…
Background checks are supported by 90% of the American people. But won’t bring the bill to the Senate floor. He better know people across the country are demanding a vote. And he will see consequences at the ballot box if we don’t have one.
Live now in Iowa with ; As president I will galvanize the federal government and build on the work of so many who are mobilizing the country to pass background checks, ban assault weapons, ; limit magazines.  
LIVE: Joining and for one of the most important discussions of our time — keeping our communities safe from gun violence. Watch here: 
  dad vibe on Instagram is sparking some serious joy on this busy  Saturday morning 
Some folks have expressed concern over my campaign trail food consumption. Believe it or not, we’ve been working so hard that I’ve actually gone down a pants size and need new jeans for the Did already eat all the turkey legs? 
Welcome to our new followers—glad to have you here! Head over to our website to join Team Bennet with a contribution ; help our campaign continue to grow.
 No organizer group dinner is complete without.. to see you, Senator! Glad we're all part o…
Moments before the  Great to be back in Iowa! 
 CO Sen says Democrats need to be able to compete in rural Iowa and rural America. Pitching rural hospitals…
 2020 candidates outside the   going to participate in moment of silence for El Paso and Dayton shooting victim…
This immoral abuse of kids must stop. There's so much wrong with this approach: the school district had no warning that kids would be separated; MS Dept of Child Protection Services found out via public news reports. This is either breathtaking negligence or outright cruelty. 
It’s been five years since Michael Brown’s killing in Ferguson brought criminal justice to a broader consciousness. The issues of inequality ; mistrust are as ancient as they are contemporary. Equal is not equal in our schools, nor is it in our courts ; jails. We have work to do.
 Two Class of 2019 alums accompanied four incoming freshmen to today's forum featuring 2020 Presidential Can…
I have been pushing for universal health care with a public option for a decade, so it’s nice to see other candidates, including Mayor Buttigieg and Vice President Biden, climb on board. Medicare for All is bad policy and bad politics. 
Joining the great team with live from Des Moines, talking about how we overcome systemic inequality and make progress on education and health care in our country. Tune in:  
If you’ve had the privilege of serving in Congress, you should accept a lifetime ban on ever becoming a lobbyist. Period. 
Summerton, SC holds an outsized role in American history. I visited on Tuesday to discuss how "equal is not equal," even 70 years after the people of Summerton began a national movement that led to the 1954’s Brown vs. Board of Education. Learn more here:
When I was a young college grad working in Ohio, nothing hit the spot like sausage and peppers on a street corner.  It still tastes great ... but it would taste even better if Trump wasn’t in the White House. 
We have perfected the art in our national politics of getting nothing done and blaming the other side. We can’t have another 10 years of that. That’s why I’m running for president. 
I had to sign a release for my 15-year-old daughter to be in the audience at Watch to know why. 
I think the American people would feel liberated if they could get up in the morning not wondering who the president was attacking or dividing, but knowing we had a president who was trying to unite our country and do his or her job. 
Tweet any questions and tune into the live Q;A now at  
It is sad, and not a little nostalgic, to say, that we are a long way away from civil political discourse.  Imagine what President Trump would have tweeted about Ida Wells or the suffragettes, about the muckraking journalists at McClure’s and Cosmopolitan. 
30 years ago, I sat in the as an aide to Ohio Governor Dick Celeste. It is a privilege to be back today, answering the tough questions and taking part in this century-old tradition. 
 City Club CEO rings the gong and welcomes guests to today’s forum featuring  
 The Democratic Debates are coming to Cleveland! Well...one candidate is. Join us on August 8 with 2020 Pre…
 “I would never say that we should be as malevolent or as cynical as Mitch McConnell is… But we do need to be as strategic…
Thanks Brian. So glad you joined us for some South Carolina BBQ yesterday, mmmmkay. 
Tonight’s conversation with included more about Russia,  late night ice cream binges, and a lot more laughs. Check out the complete interview here:📷: 
 Democrats slam President Trump in the wake of white supremacist gun violence, Sen. discusses his White Hou…
My daughters were starstruck, Anne loves her new tote bag, and I enjoyed myself immensely. you continue a great tradition of those who encourage political engagement through comedy. Thanks for having me on the show. Excited to see you again soon. 
 Here’s the full interview with 
You know why can't take any action on guns? Because he's so busy trying to keep Russia from attacking our democracy. OH WAIT.
 As president, how would you begin to make progress if is still there McC*ckblocking things?Me: I had to sign a release for my 15-year old daughter to be in the audience tonight. And now I know why.
Whenever I get nervous before a TV appearance, I just remember that used to do this for a living, so it can’t be that hard. 
And now, it’s time for with Tune in! 
 Now up to 14: Four more candidates just committed to our Presidential  this Saturday in Des Moines:
 The longest day....with an unexpected road trip through Pennsylvania thrown into the mix.   Moved heaven and earth to get…
 TONIGHT: 2020 presidential candidate is here!📸: 
New York City in sight! Susan and my daughters have made the trek to see my appearance on tonight. Correction: they have made the trek to see tonight on The Daily Show.Tune in at 11PM ET if you can stay awake better than Anne. 
Susan and the Bennet girls are movin’ on up to New York City! I’ll be on with tonight at 11 PM ET. Plan to tune in. 
Today I met two women in Summerton who were little girls when their parents were among the petitioners in 1947’s Briggs v Elliott. Over 70 years later, they’re back in their community ; segregation still persists. They’ve done their part. It’s time we do ours. 
I was among heroes today, people who were there for the first steps in the struggle for desegregation and equality. As I continue my fight, their inspiration will not leave me.
Topping off this food-filled day not with an after dinner mint, but ... you guessed it ... boiled peanuts. I’ll be back! 
And if you thought we were done, think again. Dinner on Pawley’s Island with shrimp, crab legs, and oysters. 
 In a visit to South Carolina’s “Corridor of Shame,” looked to distinguish himself from the crowded 
 And... Bennet moves to the top of my list! 😬 
 In Manning, meets state Rep. Robert Ridgeway and former state Sen. John Land, who is in prime form as alway…
Cooper’s is the oldest country store in the state. We took a pass on the deer corn and fan belts, but couldn’t say no to this perfect country ham. 
Hash on rice, meet Blue Steel. 
H/t JK’s House of Ribs for this peach cobbler. 
A lot to take in here. Sweet tea of the sugar coma-inducing variety gets a checkmark, but how about some extra credit for these hot wings? 
Next up: Barbecue sandwich with that sweet sweet Carolina mustard sauce. I have not yet made a decision on my preference of mustard vs. vinegar. I acknowledge the right of both sauces to exist. 
Started the day with a much needed Cajun Filet biscuit at Perfect. 
On a mission to complete the iconic foods challenge. No matter how irresponsible I am, the calorie count will never reach the amount Mitch McConnell has added to the debt... 
 Some key  food updates: At JK’s House of Ribs, had a BBQ sandwich w/ Carolina Gold mustard sauce, 6…
On the lookout for vegan options for my pal At the very least he could have a tomato sandwich. 
Medicare-X has excellent coverage for high blood pressure. 
 Ahead of an education roundtable with educators and community activists in Summerton this morning, Sen.
If you elect me president, I promise you won’t have to think about me for 2 weeks at a time. I’ll do my job watching out for North Korea and ending this trade war. So you can go raise your kids and live your lives.
 Might not break into the cable TV cycle, but a former Denver school superintendent, is in SC today highligh…
“I alone can fix it” is the opposite of how this nation is supposed to work.People say they’ve lost confidence ; optimism about our country and each other—that’s what we have to fight. And when we beat and win, we have to start governing again.
Manning, SC has welcomed us with exceptional hospitality: friendly people, great food at JK’s House of Ribs (on their day off, no less!), and questions that tell me these are folks who care deeply about their neighbors and this nation. 
 At JK’s House of Ribs in Manning, cites Senate experience for teaching him how to get things done but also…
One team. One vision. Every student. Every day. Clarendon School District One, thank you for opening your media center, gathering with your coworkers and neighbors, and having a conversation inspired by the soul of your community — to do right by your kids. 
 Asked about how he’d push his ideas through if Congress opposes it, says he’d go around the country rallyin…
 Good morning from Summerton, where is holding an education roundtable.“I decided to run for president bec…
For all the challenges they face, the optimism in Summerton is undeniable: “Based on what we have, we utilize it to our best advantage. There’s nothing but a lot of love and collaboration that has gone into this community.”
The Corridor of Shame is not a shame of the community, but a shame of the government failing kids here for decades.We are out of time. We have no time to waste. Especially in places like Clarendon County. These teachers ; bus drivers getting ready for school know that. 
We need to make a decision that we want to have rural America to begin with. If you’re starving rural education and starving rural health care, it’s awfully tough to preserve rural America.
Instead of talking about free college, let’s talk about free preschool and making an enormous difference for the 70% of kids who don’t go to college. We can give kids the skills they need to earn a living wage by making changes in high school ; community college programs.
“The only way change happens is if people have the guts ; courage to step out of their comfort zones.”I couldn’t agree more. As president, it would be my focus to spend time in classrooms across America, convening governors ; districts, to solve educational problems we face. 
“The powers that be are more concerned with building a prison than building a school.”This captures so much of our conversation here in Clarendon County this morning. We have to do better by our kids and grandkids.
”As a concerned citizen of this community who graduated in 1955, education is always on my mind. Most representatives go to Washington ; forget us back here. In order to prosper, rural schools need to be funded differently than urban schools. Government needs to understand that.” 
The fundamental unfairness today in America is that we have an economy that only benefits the top. If you look at our system of public education, from pre-K to college, it’s reinforcing the income inequality we have instead of liberating kids from their economic circumstances.
There’s not a place farther away from this school than Washington, DC. As Rev. Robert China said, “You need to walk in the shoes of these kids in our school.”We can’t understand or fix the inequality that persists until we do.
Equal is not equal in too many communities in our country. Summerton, SC is on the front lines of that inequality. This morning, I’m meeting with teachers, administrators, parents ; students to discuss the power structures that persist and how to address them head on. 
I’m in South Carolina today to hear more about equal access to high-quality education. But right now, for families here and across America, they are worried about just keeping their kids safe.This is not what back-to-school shopping should look like. 
We already have bipartisan solutions that will make us safer. 9/10 Americans support universal background checks. But McConnell is single-handedly blocking progress. Instead of empty speeches, call on your own party to uphold the will of the American people. 
You do not get to sow division for years, dating back to before your presidency, and then wave it all off with a single speech.
 McConnell: You need to bring the Senate back in session to take action on gun violence ; bring the House-passed background check bill up for a vote THIS WEEK.Every Member of Congress needs to know there will be consequences at the ballot box for failing to act. 
We have to forcefully denounce violent acts of domestic terrorism and white supremacy. We need a President who will stand up to hate, instead of stoking division.
To go to bed mourning one mass shooting, then wake up to news of another - this isn't the America I grew up in, but it’s reality for my 3 daughters ; kids nationwide. The horrible epidemic of gun violence is an existential threat to their generation.We must act now.
  recalls AFSCME's history: "You will never forget that sacrifice because you remember the origins of this union…
My heart breaks for the people of El Paso. Enough is enough. We must find a way to come together as a country to end this epidemic.
 Presidential candidates let know that they support our cause. Thank you
 SUNDAY: We interview 2020 Democratic Presidential Candidate other guests ➡️ 
For the last three years, we've been consumed by a president who doesn't give a damn about your kids or mine. 
 Wow. Great lineup on  this weekend.  exclusive,   and 
I’m fighting to build the kind of future each and every kid in America deserves.If you agree, join us at  
 “That’s not a position that will unite Democrats, much less allow us to win in 2020,” presidential candidate say…
Need a podcast for the weekend? Here's my latest conversation with the on last night's debate ; where our country goes from here: 
  on Trump/ election security says "he doesn't want anyone to think the Russians helped him and I think…
 "We've got a group of K-12 schools that are good because families can spend $1 million ; you've got the Detroit public schoo…
 “Equal is not equal," said Bennet, former superintendent, when some students have access to preschool and others don't. "Eight…
Right now, our education system is reinforcing the inequality we face in this country, not liberating people from it.Right now, equal 👏 is 👏 not 👏 equal 👏 
 "...his racism is enough for every single American to vote him out of office. It should be disqualifying."-
 Great segment on education and racism. 
Good morning! We’re live from Detroit with 
 Tune in: Democratic presidential candidate joins us this morning live in Detroit 
 Joining us now:
We have an incredible opportunity in front of us to overcome the challenges we face. But we have to put the divisive politics of Donald Trump, and the divisive politics of the last 10 years, behind us.  
 "Equal is not equal,” exclaimed Senator Michael Bennet of Colorado at  “We've got a group of K-12 schools that…
 joins us from the spin room! Tune in. 
We need to come together united against a broken Washington and make Donald Trump a one-term president. Please join me and donate at 
 your administration is still separating families. It's inhumane and un-American. 
 🙌"Donald Trump should be the last climate denier in the White House."   
 Now, out of left field,  "Donald Trump should be the last climate change denier that's ever in the white…
 Sen. at tonight's  ‘There’s not a single person on this stage who, if we were president, would e…
 Excellent answer here from who is the former superintendent of Denver Public Schools.
Right now in America's schools,   
 Michael Bennet: "This is the fourth debate that we have had and the second time that we have been debating what people did…
  on the connection between education and  at  
 Senator says equal is still not equal, let's fix our school system  
  former school superintendent, makes a passionate case that unequal educational opportunity is a root cau…
 Michael Bennet making the point some frustrated Dems have been making about busing: Why are we talking about busing 50 years a…
 having a MOMENT!! 
 Grateful that dragged public schools into the conversation. 
 Most people here at Orangeburg watch party don’t know who is, but that answer— particularly mentions of ong…
 Great points by Bennet. So funny. Even when he’s yelling his voice sounds he’s whispering in church. Lol. Anyway, good po…
 Good job for drawing the thread from slavery and Jim Crow to mass incarceration and Red-lining. 
When our schools are as segregated today as they have been in decades, then equal is not equal. When some kids have preschool and others do not, equal is not equal.  
 Why are we debating what the right policy was on busing fifty years ago when our schools are incredibly segregated today?…
 Good for for refocusing the debate away from oppo research from 50 years ago, and onto crises today. The piv…
The President's racist conduct alone should be reason to vote him out of office. 
I wrote the Gang of Eight immigration reform bill that passed the Senate with 68 votes. It had a pathway to citizenship, protected Dreamers, and had $46 billion in border security. We can have a humane immigration system and secure border at the same time.  
 Bennet.  
We need to be honest about what’s in Medicare for All. It bans employer-based insurance and it taxes the middle class to the tune of $32 trillion.We don’t need to do that to get to universal coverage.
I’ve been crystal clear over the last decade that I believe the fastest way to universal coverage is by finishing the job we started with the ACA with my Medicare-X public option plan, which trusts every American family to choose for themselves what’s best.  
Kids belong in classrooms not cages - Follow me to learn how we beat Trump and take our country back.
I love America – and I know we can make it better.  
Before the Senate, I ran a large school district where most of the kids live in poverty. Their parents have the same hopes for them that Susan ; I have for our girls. But for the last 3 years, we’ve had a president who doesn’t give a damn ⁠about your kids or mine. 
Twitter wars and empty promises can’t beat Donald Trump. I can. 
Mr. President, kids belong in classrooms. Not cages. 
There is no better last-minute debate prep while waiting backstage than your daughters texting encouraging memes before the curtain goes up.  
My Medicare-X public option plan is the fastest and most effective way to achieve universal coverage. It will improve care and lower costs through competition, without requiring a tax increase. Learn more here: 
At the last debate I was the only one not to raise my hand for open borders.That's because I wrote an immigration bill that had $46B in border security and passed the Senate with 68 votes.We can't let anyone say Democrats don’t support a secure border⁠—especially not Trump. 
To make progress on the issues we care about, we have to fix our broken politics. My plan makes real reform: ✅Ban members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists. ✅End partisan gerrymandering. ✅Overturn Citizens United. 
Health care is a human right. We need to get to universal coverage as quickly as possible. The fastest way to do it is with my Medicare-X public option plan. 
We need to finish the job we started with the Affordable Care Act with a public option. I call it Medicare-X, and it would get us to universal health care while requiring the government to negotiate for lower prescription drug prices. 
Getting ready for the big night.  
We can achieve universal coverage by giving every American a choice to keep their current insurance or buy my Medicare-X public option. 
Patrick is part of the carpenters union in Iowa. He likes the insurance he has right now.Instead of kicking union members off their negotiated health plans with Medicare for All, let's give them the choice of keeping their insurance or buying a public option, like Medicare-X. 
LIVE now from Detroit with talking about the forces in Washington blocking progress on everything from climate change to gun safety. As president, I’ll make sure we fix our broken politics starting on day 1. Tune in on Facebook:   
I’ve been working to achieve universal health care with a public option since 2009. We need to finish the job we started with the Affordable Care Act. 
We have to fix our broken politics to act on the issues we care about, from gun safety to climate change. That’s why I’m a  candidate. Let's overturn Citizens United, end gerrymandering, and ban members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists. 
She may be an effective communicator. But the policy she’s communicating takes away health care from 180 million people who get their insurance from work. We can achieve universal health care without stripping away plans. 
I was the only one at the last debate not to raise my hand for open borders. It's because I wrote the last immigration bill to pass the Senate. It had $46B in border security. We can't let anyone say that Democrats don’t support a secure border, especially not Donald Trump. 
Every single person who is being described on this stage would be able to buy into my strong, affordable, comprehensive public option, Medicare-X. It’s a false choice to suggest otherwise. We don't have to rip insurance away from 200 million people. 
I trust America’s families to make the health care choice that’s best for them. That's why I believe we need a public option to get to universal coverage and bring down costs. 
The American people don’t have an appetite for raising taxes on the middle class or taking insurance away from millions of people who get it through their work—both of which would happen with Medicare for All.Just ask the union pipefitters I met today in Troy, Michigan. 
Our country is facing pressing challenges, from the cost of health care to an education system where equal is not equal, but together we can build solutions to achieve durable change.
Tune in: About to go live with from the Fox Theatre in Detroit ahead tonight’s  
Meeting with members of Pipefitters in Troy, Michigan this afternoon to learn more about their workforce training ; registered apprenticeship programs. 
I refuse to accept that our economy and our democracy are too broken to fix. For the sake of our children, we can and we must build opportunity for every American. 
I’ve said it for a decade: we need to fix our broken politics. And it starts with tackling corruption.  
 This afternoon in Troy, Michigan, visits the Pipefitters industry training center - he’s talking with un…
I have a Day One climate crisis action plan. And a message for If you are a climate denier, that should make you ineligible to be at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.  
It is a moral imperative that we reach universal health care in America. My Medicare-X plan achieves this without eliminating coverage for the 180 million Americans who rely on employer-provided and union-negotiated plans.   
I’m proud to be named a  candidate by We need to fix our broken politics to address the issues we care most about. On my first day as president, I will prioritize comprehensive democracy reform legislation.   
We need a president who knows where they stand. I've been fighting for a public option to get to universal coverage since 2009. There’s no reason to take away 180 million Americans’ health insurance or load up taxes on the middle class with Medicare for All. 
 New as aired on adding himself as another cr…
 “On my first day as president, I will prioritize getting money out of politics and bringing the American people back in.”…
 Including yesterday's  there have been 42 U.S. mass shootings in the 28 completed days of July, bringing thi…
My heart breaks for the loved ones of those we lost yesterday in Gilroy, in Brooklyn, and in communities nationwide plagued by gun violence. This is an epidemic, and we have to treat it like one. Our children deserve a future that is safe from violence.
 We NEED Senator  message in the Democratic primary debates. Chip in $1 to his campaign right…
 "While our girls were sick, my wife Susan and I spent every second focused on their recovery," writes But,…
Don’t miss The Insiders this morning on with talking everything from rural health care to education.  
*cough* 
Michael Bennet, Founded 1964. Caroline Bennet, Founded 1999. 
 makes his case to the American people in an interview with “I’ve won two tough national races in a…
Ran into a volunteer from my first-ever 2010 Colorado campaign in Indianola, Iowa of all places! And I got to meet a future little volunteer in the making. 
I take my ice cream the way I take the future of this country: very seriously. 
The kindness of the is matched by the graciousness of Crystal Schrader, their chair. Thanks for the very nice introduction! 
Early riser crowd at the Corner Sundry...thanks for a great morning in Indianola! 
 This  interview with WaPo editorial board is proof Bennet can talk policy forever and, for all that time,…
 will be in Chariton next, talking about his rural health care plan
 At the end of the day, makes the most sense of anyone in the 2020 Democratic presidential field. 
Starting the day right in Des Moines with next  
 A credible plan from to expand Medicare coverage starting with a focus on rural areas where access challenges…
 Got weekend plans? Well, you do now!We got to sit down with US Sen. and discuss his 2020 campaign, vision fo…
Just confirmed with debate officials that microphone will be muted during my rebuttal.  
Nearly 27 million Americans lack health insurance. My rural health care plan tackles cost and coverage gaps:✅ Medicare-X plan in every county ✅ Require fed gov’t to negotiate for lower prescription drug prices✅ $60 billion to fight substance abuse
 Michael Bennet unveils rural health care plan that would keep private insurance  
 (D-CO) stopped by Skimm HQ to sip a beer and tell us about his presidential agenda. Here's what he plans to do…
Andrew, how did you know I got a C in precalculus in high school — on the retake. 
Rural Americans face unique challenges when it comes to accessing high-quality, affordable health care. We've got a plan to achieve universal coverage, lower costs, and improve outcomes in communities nationwide.Learn more at 
President Trump is coddling Putin and failing to protect our democracy. We need a national strategy to respond to the Russian attacks from 2016, and defend against the ones that will no doubt come in 2020. 
 "I can assure you that the people who produced this report do not think this is a joke. This is serious. Just like Western…
 ‘There’s really no reason for the federal gov’t to be involved in education except for the civil rights component.’ — Colo…
 Sen. Michael Bennet spoke about his  journey at a forum in Iowa last week.  Bennet had surgery in April and…
The Trump tax bill didn’t just explode the deficit, it forced many Americans to pay more while the wealthiest among us reaped giant tax cuts. 
Russia attacked our democracy — and the current administration has no strategy to stop it from happening again. We have to protect our elections. The heart of our democracy is at risk. 
Robert Mueller’s testimony made clear again that the President was not exonerated, he failed to cooperate with the special counsel, and he has repeatedly misled the American people.
 Sat down with for last week. He’s an impressive senator who has witnessed a fascinating time in…
 Saw at a DC event last night. Smart, substantive, personable, compassionate ; con…
 makes his case to the American people in an interview with “I’ve won two tough national races in a…
 I had the pleasure of meeting Michael Bennet tonight. I hope more people check him out. He has a well-informed understan…
I'm with RBG. The last time I was asked about court-packing I banged my head on a table. 
  Great piece from on  But perhaps more importantly is that it is part of ho…
 Grab a stool and click below! The new Mueller and Hunger Games debate preview episode of with special guest…
Democrats should rally around a public option like Medicare-X: it’s popular, achieves universal health care, and retains employer and union-provided plans.
To say this resembles a fox in charge of a henhouse is demeaning to foxes everywhere. 
 In new we preview Mueller and the Hunger Games Dem debates coming next week.  Our guest is w…
Scientists found "extensive scientific evidence" that exposure to chlorpyrifos "can harm babies' brains."  Yet Trump’s EPA administrator, a former coal lobbyist, ignored the science. Putting profits ahead of our health isn’t just wrong. It’s dangerous.
Trump's aides worry about "unfair" competition for insurance companies while working people worry about actually unfair medical bankruptcy and death. Trump's plan strips away health care from millions. My public option achieves universal health care. ➡️  
 Look who dropped by was in the house to talk to the hacks for our next show, airing tomorrow afternoon. 
Donate $1 or more before Tuesday at midnight and you could win a free trip to the July 31st Democratic debate. Enter right now →   
We need to get to universal health care ; the way we do it is with Medicare-X. My plan gives you the freedom to choose your employer- or union-provided plan or a public plan. That’s how we build on the ACA without taking away health care from 180 million Americans. 
Democrats gained seven governorships in 2018, including winning in key states like Michigan and Wisconsin. We should be building on those gains with an agenda that has broad support — not policies like Medicare for All that make private insurance illegal. 
 This is a moment of opportunity to create a new progressive era in our politics. Everyone who shows up to town halls and…
It’s easy to get distracted in this hyper-connected world. Thanks, Carroll County, for the thoughtful questions and the moment of reflection.   
Change starts at the local level—on nights like this among neighbors and friends.   
 I can’t thank you enough for opening up your home on a summer night. There are topics in our politics that lack the attention they deserve. You brought those issues, from Puerto Rico to building broad coalitions, to the forefront of our conversation.  
 Thank you Senator for talking to us on a hot summer day in Laconia NH Belknap County.   ht…
 Michael Bennet: best predictor of your education is your parents’ income. Best predictor of whether you’ll be an innovato…
 Sen. tells it’s time for Facebook to decide if it wants to contribute to American society. Listen…
 Thanks for being a part of the conversation, Leonard. Hope to see you again in N.H. soon.
 Was among a small group listening to Presidential candidate in Tamworth, NH today. Like that he was a schoo…
Brave Americans landed on the moon 50 years ago. The grade-school memories of moon landings in black ; white inspired me then ; now. It’s absurd that we now need Russian permission to put women ; men in space. Let’s renew our commitment ; inspire the next generation.  
This is a moment of opportunity to create a new progressive era in our politics. Everyone who shows up to town halls and house parties is a part of that coalition to overcome inaction in Washington and start governing our country again. 
 In a refreshing change of pace, a lot of K-12 talk from in this interview w/ From
   news: Colorado Sen. campaigns in Salem tonight ; in Tamworth, Manchester, Laconia on Saturday 
 Gangster journalist interviews gangster Presidential candidate  
 Thank you to Sen. for sponsoring the  He joins Sens. , ,
There have been 140 prescription drugs approved as a result of our bipartisan breakthrough therapies law. This includes drugs that help cancer patients. This is the kind of progress we can make when we work across the aisle to solve problems for the American people. 
The only way we’re going to beat Donald Trump is if we take seriously our responsibilities as citizens as founders like Frederick Douglass did.We need to build a broad coalition for durable change, and it starts with you.  Join our movement →  
Thanks, Kerry! 
It’s official! I’ll take the debate stage on Wednesday, July 31st on CNN.Sign up now to help build our grassroots movement by hosting a debate watch party, and we’ll send you a step-by-step guide for how to do it → 
Detroit debate lineup has my palms sweaty. Let’s hope no one ends up wearing Mom’s spaghetti. Good luck to everyone.   
In town halls across the country, I hear about the need to drive down soaring prescription drug costs.My Medicare-X public option plan would require the government, for the first time in history, to negotiate for lower prices. 
I hear “Worst Case” was a great book. Unfortunately, it could also be the title of a non-fiction book about the current occupant of the White House. 
  answered questions on how he would protect family caregivers.  
Trump's rally last night revealed the depths of his un-American and racist rhetoric. He knows exactly what he is doing. We need a president who inspires the words democracy, patriotism, universal healthcare, and economic equality. 
The key question in this primary is whether we're going to have a bunch of Democrats follow Bernie off a cliff with Medicare for All ; lose to Trump ⁠— or we're going to run on a public option plan that will achieve universal health care ; help us win back the White House. 
I see no reason why we need to take away health insurance from 180 million Americans to try to get to universal coverage. We need a plan that quickly gets every American covered and cuts costs. It’s called Medicare-X, my public option plan. 
Thanks to ; for moderating a lively discussion today for  You can watch the full conversation here:  
I legitimately believe this challenge should be a criteria for entering the next DNC debate. →
 Sat down with in Cedar Rapids today to discuss his Medicare- X plan which he sees as the only viable path…
FACT CHECK: 70% of Americans like the insurance they already have: We can get to universal health care without banning the employer, union, and Medicare Advantage plans millions have now. We do it with Medicare-X. 
  explains why he thinks supporting  is a surefire way to get Trump reelected and maintain Sena…
 Bennet’s Medicare X creates a true public option distributed through Medicare and allows for people to keep their private ins…
 urges the crowd to get their prostate checked for cancer, and if they don’t have a prostate, to get something…
And the way we do that is with my Medicare-X public option plan. It's the best and fastest way to drive down costs and achieve universal health care. 
 “People are having to choose between food and medication” - “This is the only country in the industrial w…
A decade ago, I wrote and led my colleagues in signing a letter to call for a public option to be added to the Affordable Care Act. That is still what we need today. Medicare-X is the best way to achieve universal health care in our country once and for all. 
 More with me and Dems running for Prez. This time the deep thinking of who should be running something as y…
 Here are photos of visit Monday to the Iowa Flood Center at the University of Iowa with…
 TODAY: We're in 📍Cedar Rapids, IA, for day THREE of  With presidential candidates
 I'm really digging after his Recode/Decode interview. It was nice to listen to sanity, not…
If we want to achieve universal health care and defeat Trump, we must put forth a healthcare plan that unites the country. Medicare for All is not that plan, and it’s time its supporters reconsider their approach and instead support a public option. 
I'm with Patrick and union members across Iowa and the country. Instead of kicking union members off their negotiated health plans with Medicare for All, we should give them the choice of keeping their insurance or buying a public option, like Medicare-X. 
Tell me when ; where. I’m there. 
Seniors don’t want their Medicare Advantage stripped away. Union members don’t want their negotiated plans stripped away. What they want is universal health care. And how we get it is with Medicare-X. 
 Here’s more about pitch for the presidency: 
 Please join and me today, Tuesday, July 16, 5 to 6 pm, at Karma Coffee Cafe, 1725 Boyson Road, in Hiawat…
At the Flood Center with State Sen. Rob Hogg taking a look at the serious effects of climate change. Join us for a climate change conversation tomorrow at 5:00 PM in Hiawatha! | Karma Coffee Cafe, 1725 Boyson Rd |  
 A new asylum rule that would significantly limit protections for Central American migrants is the Trump admin’s latest attemp…
Iowa City, this is how it starts.It’s all about showing up...and maybe drinking some kombucha  
 2020 presidential candidate Sen. joins on the latest  to discuss his…
We have two paths as a party. We can be on offense on health care or we can be on defense. When we’re protecting coverage, we win. When we favor taking away coverage, we lose. 
The road to 270 electoral votes runs through purple states like Colorado. If we nominate a candidate whose Medicare for All plan kicks people off their employer insurance, we risk losing in Colorado — and the White House.That’s why we should expand coverage through  
If we nominate someone that supports Medicare for All, we put at risk unifying the country around a plan that will beat Donald Trump. A public option like Medicare-X is the quickest and best way to universal coverage and winning in 2020. 
Donald Trump, you can see it in his face. He thinks the game is coming to him. You can see it in his face every day.We need an agenda that will unify the country and defeat Donald Trump. 
 Speaking with   argues that the brevity and rush of cable news and social media has seeped int…
Now is an opportunity for Senators Sanders, Warren, Harris, and others to reconsider their Medicare for All approach, and stand behind a public option that is the quickest and best way to achieve universal coverage, unify the party, and defeat Donald Trump.
I have worked to deliver universal health care with a Medicare-X public option plan for years, and I'm pleased Vice President Biden today introduced a very similar plan.
 Join me with for our "climate conversation" on Tuesday, July 16, from 5 to 6 pm, at Karma Coffee Cafe, 1…
Get out here soon or the corn will be gone. Just ask Caroline. Thanks,   
  a former school superintendent, is talking about education."Today in America our education system, it…
Someone who knows something about being a founder. Happy birthday 
 Colorado Senator and presidential hopeful Michael Bennet has taken the stage at Zach Wahls' birthday brunch, jokes, "Zach, I’m…
  says the playbook Democrats used to elect and is what works. They ran campaign…
Sure, call me any ugly name you choose—The steel of freedom does not stain.From those who live like leeches on the people's lives,We must take back our land again,America!- Langston Hughes, Let America Be America Again 
Taking in the We The People mural in downtown Waterloo, celebrating the diversity of communities that have found a home in this city. 
Donald Trump's raids are sowing fear and confusion.It is imperative that everyone  /  
We’re in Waterloo for  to kick off the next four days in eastern Iowa! Hope to see you at some of the events. More at  
Walking into the caucuses like...  photo: 
Great meeting so many eastern Iowans in the 1st District tonight at  We need an agenda that unites the American people to make progress on health care, climate change, infrastructure, and education.  
Come on. promised his tax bill would boost incomes by $4,000-$9,000. Instead it was a deficit-busting giveaway to the 1%.My  cuts taxes for families directly by increasing the Child Tax Credit ; making it fully refundable and paid out monthly. 
 we need universal preschool, we need high quality schools accessible to all and we need students to gradu…
I’ve said it for months. We need to level with the American people.Medicare for All could cost $32 trillion, wipe out employer and union health insurance, and get rid of Medicare Advantage for 22 million seniors.
A temple built for learning. 
 Colorado Senator and 2020 presidential candidate sees the Democratic primary process as a competition of…
Couldn’t go to Milwaukee without a stop at Breakfast all day is my kinda place. 
America is a strong country that can treat people humanely. But we have a weak president, who is using cruel political stunts to fire up his base ; spread fear throughout our communities.We cannot allow the border to be a symbol of hostility. We are better than this. 
Backstage at with and Inspired by their work to empower Hispanic and Latinx communities across the country.  
Thank you so much for having me, 
Trisha, thank you. Health care is a human right, and everyone should have access to the preventative care we received. 
The  is an existential threat. So is having a climate denier in the White House. We need to do everything possible to ensure Donald Trump is the last climate denier to ever step foot in the White House 
 Team Bennet here: Michael wrote a bipartisan immigration reform bill that balanced a path to citizenship with increased border security funding. Learn more: 
 I just heard on WNYC's "The Brian Lehrer Show"--; he is definitely worth FOLLOWING, DONATING to, ; WORKING…
“Americans love public options and have relied on them for hundreds of years.” ✅ Public libraries 📚✅ Public parks 🏞️✅ Public schools 🏫✅ Public pools 🏊It's time for a public option for health care, too. It's called Medicare-X. 
 2020 Democratic candidate says Democrats should not disqualify themselves from running against President Trump…
This Labor Secretary will be remembered for enabling predators. Hopefully the next one will be remembered for working hard to lift up American workers.
Trump is a weak leader. In fact, calling him a leader at all diminishes every woman and man who has ever led a city council, a Scout group, or a book club. He wouldn’t know leadership if he looked it up in the dictionary. 
Just over two months into this race...it really is the beginning. Thanks for watching, Savannah!  
Live now on  talking about how we defeat Trump and make the progress we need on health care ; immigration. 
Spotted today in Brooklyn: an alligator dragging a person whose head is a moneybag into the sewer. It reminds me a lot of the Senate.  
 Miss today’s show?Catch up on  and our conversation with 👇LISTEN: WATCH: h…
Ever since my dad worked in public radio, I’ve had a deep appreciation for stations across the country. Had the opportunity to stop by today for the Show. Look out for it tomorrow at 11. More to come! 
Thanks for watching, Erik! For anyone who missed  today, here's the link:  
There is a racial wealth gap in this country and a straight line from slavery to Jim Crow to redlining to mass incarceration. That straight line is our nation’s shame and it’s why I support   
Tweeted so much after  today it broke Twitter.  
Hope your ankle feels better soon!  
How do I think Betsy DeVos is doing? Don’t get me started.  
 saw you on The View this morning.  You certainly have my attention!!!  I especially liked your answers regard…
Thanks to you and your daughter. Our electoral process is flawed in many ways, especially the dominance of big money donors and the preference for sound bites over thoughtful policy. I’m grateful for your consideration.  
 Pres. candidate says his proposed American Family Act would “dramatically increase the child tax credit in this…
The situation at the border is horrifying, inhumane, and inexcusable. As President, I’ll end family separations on Day 1. 
These women do a great service to our democracy by allowing an open exchange of ideas. Thanks again for having me on  Hope to be back again soon! 
 2020 hopeful Sen. says despite his low standing in most polls, his campaign is still in its “early days”: “I’ve…
I greatly appreciate your support!  
I don’t know how you’d celebrate meeting and on  ... but I celebrated it with sidewalk sushi. 
We should have preschool for every kid in this country whose life would be better for it. Which is every kid in this country.  
Well, she is.  
 I'm liking what I hear from
 You have my attention senator. Great job on today.
Thanks, Frankie!  
I couldn’t agree more. My main focus is having a conversation with Americans about the issues that matter to them most — from universal health care to climate change.  
I’m speaking at  tomorrow in Milwaukee! Looking forward to the convention and having a conversation about issues important to the Hispanic community.  
This is the first time I’ve ever heard anyone use the term stable genius as a compliment... Thank you!  
I’d be grateful to have it, Val! 
 Great job on the View 👏🏻👏🏻💙💙🇺🇸🇺🇸
 Wow I really think gets it!!
Thank you so much Michele! Glad to have your support — and I look forward to continuing the conversation too.  
Excited to meet you too. Thanks for watching!  
 I liked Michael Bennet's performance at the debate. He is not at the top of my list but I respect that - from what I've…
I hear is pretty cool too though.  
Thanks for the support! Hope you’ll join us at   
 Sen. says Labor Secretary Alex Acosta should resign over his role in authorizing a plea deal for accused sex tr…
Thanks for watching, Mike! I’ll stay focused on reaching universal health care in this country and making sure we have a public option like   
Thanks for the kind words! Together, we can make progress on our most pressing challenges. Learn more at   
That’s what this process is all about. Look forward to engaging with you more.  
Thanks for watching, Hunter!  
Chris, glad you could watch and look forward to seeing you out on the trail!  
Thanks for watching, Suzan  
 👇🏼Presidential Candidate presented a comprehensive plan to address the critical problems facing the country.…
 Michael Bennet did great on  .
 Join me in supporting Michael Bennet via 
Thanks for watching!  
About to join ; on 
Mitch McConnell ; the Freedom Caucus have immobilized our government. All McConnell does is crank one judge after another onto the courts.He's doing nothing on economic opportunity, the  universal health care, or immigration.Together, we can change that. 
Secretary Acosta must resign. 
It was an honor meeting with these students. They'll be the ones to live with the choices we make today on challenges from education to the  It’s critical that we listen to their voices.
 I'm excited to announce that Senator of Colorado will be joining me next Tuesday, July 16, from 5 to 6 p…
We are, as we have been many times before, at political loggerheads and wondering, rightly, what we can do to emerge as a stronger union. Everything now is in our hands.  
Cole, thank you so much for coming out to the event tonight ; asking your question on lowering prescription drug costs. I hope all young people are as excited to vote as you!  
Packed house tonight at Thank you to everyone who came out to hear more about the  
  recounts the “Accidental Senator” chapter of his book; laments the erosion of the advise and consent respons…
Washington is a three-ring circus: spins the plates, while Mitch McConnell is the ringmaster. We need to replace McConnell and end his attack on our institutions. can get the job done. 
The Trump White House wants to rip away healthcare coverage from millions of Americans and end protections for pre-existing conditions. We must  and then build on it. My Medicare-X plan would finish the work of ObamaCare. 
 In the last 40 years, 90% of Americans haven’t had a decent pay raise, while the cost of a middle-class life has gone up…
Acosta's plea deal for Jeffrey Epstein underscores how the rich ; powerful get off with a slap on the wrist for even the most disgusting of crimes. His disturbing failures as a U.S. attorney disqualify him from further public service. He should resign immediately.
The last time I got this upset watching television was 15 years ago when I discovered a tiresome new TV show called The Apprentice. 
 we’re all grateful for your work highlighting the critical need for gun safety reform on the national stage. Progress on this pivotal issue has been blocked for far too long, and I hope you will continue your leadership.
 Sen. wrote this bill in 2009 - he’s been fighting this fight for a decade 
 bragging about his record on the environment? Here’s the truth:❌ Trump is a climate denier❌ Trump oversaw the largest reduction of protected lands in U.S. history❌ Trump has rolled back numerous protections for clean air and water
 Two presidential contenders, ; have long called for a strict lifetime ban on lawmakers lobbying…
Incredible game for Team USA!! The Bennet household is thrilled   
The nation and the world are celebrating the  If we’re looking for a way to celebrate their brilliance, this a good place to start. 
We need an education system that liberates kids from the income inequality we have, instead of reinforcing it. That means: - Universal preschool- Quality K-12 schools- College that doesn’t bankrupt families- Skills training for 70% who don’t go to college- Better teacher pay 
One parent in the  told me, “We just want our kids to be able to keep up with the times.” Today our education system is falling short of even that basic expectation.  
There are two economies in this country: The wealthiest have done really well. The rest of the country hasn’t seen a decent wage increase in decades. We need to reverse Trump’s tax cuts and pass my American Family Act to give real relief to working and middle-class families. 
Trump is acting as if we’re a weak country that can’t handle the situation at the border. He’s wrong—we are a strong country. We have the ability to treat people humanely, lead our hemisphere to deal with this refugee crisis, and secure our border. 
We're all rooting for you! Good luck today,  
Joining on up next → 
 Income disparity and access, Bennett pointed out, are the main issues when it comes to the quality of education a child re…
Amazing morning at talking about the transformational change our education system needs and our kids desperately deserve.  
Thank you for your kindness and able leadership of the great   
"I think that there is a real opportunity to make some fundamental changes to the way our economy works, to change the trajectory that we've had, so that when the economy grows, everybody benefits from it." 
Thanks to for introducing me at this morning. Great energy here from a crowd ready to work for change.   
Taking the stage at   Watch live:  
Mitch McConnell is impervious to give and take, unless he's taking everything, which is almost always the case. That’s why we need to build a broad coalition to overcome his obstructionism and achieve durable change. 
My climate plan makes a bold national commitment to conserve 30% of America’s lands and oceans by 2030. Our ecosystem plays a critical role in absorbing carbon. And that's why we must prioritize protecting it.  
Indianola, MS 
“To me, blues is life — life, as we’re living it in the past, we’re living it today and will live it in the future. I think it has to do with people, places, and things.” - B.B. King    
I’m with you, Karyn. Connecting with people in every corner of this nation isn’t just the right thing to do, it’s how we build a broad coalition for durable change. 
These are the best fried pickles I’ve ever had. 
I spent the last week in the Mississippi Delta, listening ; learning from people whose education, healthcare ; economy are growing worse. I’m inspired by everyone I've met, especially students in Sunflower County, MS showing up ; doing the hard work over summer to succeed. 
 in 1863, the Union won a decisive victory at Vicksburg that helped end the war. But the town didn’t celebrate  for 81 years.It’s a reminder that each generation must work to overcome our enduring divisions if we are to make this Union what it ought to be. 
"Education is the seed of freedom." - Les Downey 
The Sunflower County Freedom Project is helping students across the  see themselves as worthy of every opportunity in this country—because they are. I joined students for a town hall, where their questions were as tough and important as any I’ve heard. 
Heard at the Helena Boys ; Girls Club:“We rarely see a child with a book anymore.”“Some of our 8th graders are reading at 3rd grade levels.”“If you can’t read, how are you going to fill out a job application?”“We want our children to be able to keep up with the world.” 
Caroline says I bug her too much.  
This day is about celebrating freedom, and like FDR, I believe we need to reimagine how we live up to that ideal. On  let’s consider four new freedoms: Freedom to Rise, Freedom from Ignorance, Freedom from Violence, and Freedom to Govern Ourselves. 
Food, farmers, and family. A great start to the week in the  learning about education, health care, and agriculture in rural America from people who know it best. 
We may not agree with each other, but this is how democracy should work: sitting around a table over dinner to discuss the challenges farms and rural communities are facing and how we can work together to solve them.   
“I don’t honestly know if we’ll be here next year.” This is the only health center for miles. Two-thirds of its funding comes from the federal government. Without it, this clinic would close and the residents of Lee County would have nowhere else to go. 
“We’ve had enough politicians come through here speaking flim-flam and making promises they don’t keep.” Everywhere I go, people just want the truth. And they deserve it. 
New pants, same belt size.  
It’s been 22 years since Susan and I got married here in the middle of a storm in the Delta, and we’ve enjoyed coming back many times. A guy named Rat Spain cooked the fish. Mr. Jones made his world famous BBQ. And the local muffler shop owner prepared the brisket and salad. 
We’re back in Marianna, Arkansas, where my wife Susan was born and raised. We’ve been coming ever since before we got married here 22 years ago. Instead of going to parades on the typical campaign trail, we decided to take the July 4th week and spend it in the Delta. 
Thank you to every single person who is helping power this campaign to build opportunity for every American ; restore integrity to Washington. I'm incredibly honored to have you with me ; we’re just getting started.Join us to move the country forward:  
We need a broad coalition to win and fix our broken politics. Together, we can achieve universal health care through a robust public option, take on the  reduce child poverty, and drive opportunities for every American.
 "There are millions of people in America who are making too much money to be on Medicaid, but not enough money to affor…
This was clearly an attempt by the Trump administration to intimidate the immigrant community and undermine the integrity of our institutions.Today is a victory for our democracy. 
Sat down with for an episode that turned out to be more like  it a listen:  
  President Johnson signed the Civil Rights Act of 1964. "Its purpose is not to divide, but to end divisions." W…
“Analysis by The Atlantic found that one in six members of Congress who retired in 2016 went into lobbying.”My political reform plan would ban members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists. Because we must fix our broken politics. 
 New 2020 interview! Democratic presidential candidate talks to about the threats facing our…
There wasn't a single question about K-12 education during the first debate. It's about time we focus on education — and our future. 
 Great profile of —
Tough questions are part of running for President. Some are tougher than others. Like naming your favorite Star Wars character. No hard feelings,  
Using the skills I learned from teachers when I was a school superintendent at last night’s LA townhall.  
 Proud to spend an afternoon learning more about how to save our democracy and keep our energies focused on things that mat…
We need to restore our democracy. We have a president who doesn’t believe in the rule of law, attacks our allies, and undermines America’s standing in the world. And that’s why we need to make him a one-term president. 
We need to do more than just beat Donald Trump ⁠— which is essential. We need to build a broad coalition for durable change.That’s what I did in Colorado, and that what I’ll do in 2020.
These attacks on Kamala Harris are racist and disgusting. I’m proud to call her my friend and colleague, and I’ll continue to stand with her against these vile comments. They have no place in our political discourse.
We're building a broad coalition for change so that we can win the White House ; ensure Democratic victories up and down the ticket. I'm incredibly honored by the outpouring of support we've received since the debate. Join us to move the country forward: 
When I see these kids at the border, I see my mom who was separated from her parents during the Holocaust. Her immigrant story is an American story. And it’s a story I’ll carry with me as president. 
“Among his priorities: a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United, a lifetime ban on members of Congress becoming lobbyists, and a prohibition on political gerrymandering.”
 Sunday 7pm ET! Don’t miss my conversation with 
 After an assistant superintendent ran outside to find “Thank you for bringing up educati…
We need real reform to fix our broken politics. My plan drives the money out and brings the people:➡️Banning members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists➡️Overturning Citizens United➡️Ending partisan gerrymanderingLearn more at   
 SUNDAY: 
I 100% disagree with the Supreme Court's decision. They've thrown up their hands and given up on democracy. That’s why I have a plan to ban partisan gerrymandering.  Voters should choose their representatives, not the other way around. 
 "The president turned the border of the United States into a symbol of nativist hostility that the whole world is look…
The Biden-McConnell deal on the Bush tax cuts was a bad bargain for the American people. 
 FAIR ELECTIONS: “We need to end political gerrymandering...We need to overturn Citizens United.We…
In 1776, our nation was born from a popular movement of those who demanded their rights. 50 years ago in NYC, a modern generation of Founders demanded life, liberty ; the pursuit of happiness for LGBTQ people across the nation. 
In the last 40 years, 90% of Americans haven’t had a decent pay raise, while the cost of a middle-class life has gone up—including health care.My Medicare-X plan creates a public option to get us to universal coverage ; finally allows the gov't to negotiate lower drug prices. 
We have a democracy to save. doesn’t believe in the rule of law, freedom of press, or independent judiciary. That’s unacceptable. 
When one group of kids has access to preschool, and another does not. When one group has access to high-quality k-12 schools and tutors, and the other does not. Then equal is not equal. And unequal is devastating for the kids with the short end of the stick. 
I was one of only three Democratic Senators—and the only one in this race—to vote against Vice President Biden and Mitch McConnell’s deal to make the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy permanent. That was a terrible deal for Americans. 
Up now on from Miami following 
Live now with 
We must build a broad coalition to defeat Trump, end the corruption in Washington ; create a new era of American democracy ; opportunity.It won’t be easy, but it’s what our parents would expect and what our children deserve. I hope you will join me in this work.
I’ve won two tough national races in Colorado by bringing people together – not making empty promises.
The idea that the next generation will have a better future is at risk. Especially for kids in poverty, like those I worked with in the Denver Public Schools.   That’s why I’m running for president. 
My mom and her parents were Polish Jews who came to America having survived the Holocaust. My dad’s family came 300 years before seeking religious freedom. 
We shouldn't be represented by a medieval wall.We should be represented by the Statue of Liberty. 
I was one of only three Democratic Senators—and the only one in this race—to vote against Vice President Biden and Mitch McConnell’s “deal” to make the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy permanent. It cost our country trillions. We may as well have lit that money on fire. 
 Thank you for discussing the challenge of partisan gerrymandering. More than 4000 state legislators elected…
  particularly memorable tonight. and having good nights…
 BENNET: 'When I see these kids at the border I see my mom.' Michael Bennet reflected on his own family's history while spe…
Making sure our immigration system works is personal for me. My mom found a home here after surviving the Holocaust. When Trump attacks immigrants ; refugees, when our government separates children from parents, it's the opposite of what America represented to her.
Medicare-for-all makes private insurance illegal, including employer-provided and union plans. This means kicking 177 million Americans off of their current insurance. 
"Medicare-for-all" would cost $32 trillion ; take private insurance away from 177 million people, 70% of whom like what they have now.That's bad policy.We can get to universal coverage faster ; cheaper with my Medicare-X public option plan: 
 Michael Bennet claimed Vermont rejected Medicare for All because it cost too much. That's basically right. The program was…
It's a disgrace that we're the only industrialized country that doesn't have universal coverage.Every American must have access to affordable, high-quality care. My Medicare-X plan does that by building on  with a true public option ; choice for every family.
Here we go! Looking forward to sharing my vision for building opportunity for all Americans and restoring integrity to our government. 
Oh look, they spelled it right.  
To make progress on the issues we care about, we have to fix our broken politics. My plan makes real reform: ✅Ban members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists. ✅End partisan gerrymandering. ✅Overturn Citizens United. 
 As the former Superintendent of the Denver Public Schools, I take my ABCs seriously. Let's take a trip from A to Z bef…
 to the moment I found out I won the raffle tickets to the debate. 
I first learned about Michael Bennet when he gave that speech about the shutdown. When he announced he was running for President, I knew I had to donate. I really respect his platform, and I’m excited to be here for the debate tonight!  
Shu here: I can’t believe I won a trip to the first Democratic debate!As an aspiring pediatrician, health care matters to me. And it matters to Michael Bennet, who wrote a plan to achieve universal health care.I hope you’ll watch the debate tonight!  
We need to finish the job we started with the Affordable Care Act with a public option. I call it Medicare-X, and it would get us to universal health care while allowing the government to negotiate for lower prescription drug prices. 
Hi, Caroline here. Backstage coaching dad to use his indoor voice...or maybe not.   
 
Working on our game face for the  
 We have to drive the money out of our democracy and bring the American people back in. Learn more at 
The American people are furious. And so am I.40 years of no economic mobility for 90% of the people. An education system that reinforces inequality. Trump erasing Obama's leadership on climate change. No response on mass shootings.We can change that by winning in 2020. 
We must fix our broken politics. If we build a broad coalition, we can break through inaction and achieve durable change.
For the last 40 years, 90% of Americans haven’t received a decent pay raise. This is unsustainable for our families and our democracy. It’s time to invest in our future. 
 As I've said before, Dems who want to go "moderate" should give Bennet a serious look.  Articulate, passionate, and lot's o…
 In addition to H.R. 1, has re-introduced an updated version of his Fair Maps Act, which create uniform rules for…
With this decision, the Supreme Court has thrown up its hands ; given up on democracy. Partisan gerrymandering is toxic ; I have a plan to ban it. Voters should choose their reps, not the other way around. It's time to reclaim our democracy in 2020. 
Some call me “mild-mannered.” But these days I’m furious. Furious because we spent more than $10 trillion on tax cuts and wars in the Middle East. We might as well have lit that money on fire.  ➡️ Join our movement by texting Furious to 97779. ⬅️  
We must confront the  now—if we wait, it will be too late for our kids to do anything about it. That’s why on Day 1 as President, I will launch an initiative that engages people nationwide to develop innovative and durable solutions.   
We have to fix our broken politics to make progress on the issues we care about—from health care to gun violence. That’s why cleaning up corruption ; strengthening our democracy will be a top priority of mine as President.   
As the only candidate running for president who actually negotiated a bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform bill that passed the Senate with 68 votes, I will act on day one as president to fix our broken immigration system and protect Dreamers. 
The best way to universal health care coverage is my Medicare-X public option plan, which gives people choice. Millions of Americans need health insurance, and they need it now. This is how we do it:   
 Attention Presidential candidates...more of this please! Something I've been fighting for on the state level. We passed…
For the past decade, I’ve been fighting to ban members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists. As President, I’ll sign it into law.  
As this image makes painfully clear, people are literally dying at our door because Trump's more interested in scoring points than upholding our legacy as safe haven for those fleeing violence. It’s as if fire is raging ; we refuse to help those running from flames. Shame on him. 
Saying education is not a priority is like saying America's future is not a priority. This is an insult to the millions of kids showing up to class each day to do right by their future. Education is their priority. It should be America's too. 
When Trump puts lobbyists in charge of our environmental agencies and McConnell brags about being “the grim reaper,” people should be furious. And I am too. 
My mother and her parents survived the Holocaust, finding a home in the only place where they could rebuild their shattered lives — the United States of America.We cannot allow to erase America’s place in the world as a beacon of hope. 
  has made a $3600/child/year refundable tax credit one of his signature proposals, which puts him in first…
Here’s the truth: America is a strong country with a weak leader.Donald Trump has put lobbyists in charge and eroded America’s leadership as China rises.We can’t just win in 2020. We need a sweeping victory to erase Trump’s corruption and cruelty.
I'm running to fight for women’s health care, just as I did in my very first race in 2010 and every race since. Because healthcare decisions should be made between women and their providers — not the government. 
Surprise medical bills can be catastrophic for families. That’s why I have a bipartisan plan to increase transparency and give patients a process that protects them from being price gouged.
 "I think my experience is different than anybody else on that stage," says as he eyes the first round of Democrati…
My comprehensive political reform plan sets strict ethics standards for government officials. 
In a word: yes. Read my Day One action plan at  
 "I think my experience is different than anybody else on that stage," says as he eyes the first round of Dem…
The first Democratic debate of 2020 is just days away. Will you be part of this historic moment by hosting a debate watch party? Sign up below and we’ll send you a toolkit with step-by-step instructions. ⤵️
 From gerrymandering to Citizens United, says he's running for president to "take on forces that have been a one-wa…
Glad you read it, We have to get the money and special interests out of our democracy, and bring the American people back in. 
Z is for Zero, and achieving net-zero emissions by 2050 or sooner.  is a crisis we must confront now. On Day 1 as President, I will prioritize immediate and comprehensive action. Learn more → 
Y is for “Yes.” That's what I said when I was asked if my vote in favor of Obamacare was worth losing a Senate seat over in 2010. Outside conservative groups attacked me for the vote, but standing up for the health care of millions won out in the end. 
X is for Medicare-X, my public option plan to achieve universal coverage, lower costs, and improve the quality of heatlh care. 
W is for Washington. We have to fix our broken politics to make progress on the issues we care about—from health care to climate change to gun violence. Cleaning up corruption and strengthening democracy will be a top priority of mine as President. 
V is for Votes. We need a president who can win areas Trump won. That’s what I did in 2016. Because of the hard work of our team and Coloradans across the state, we received more votes than anyone in Colorado history. 
U is for Universal Background Checks. Coloradans know all too well the devastating effects of gun violence in our country. We must follow Colorado’s lead and pass universal background checks nationwide. 
T is for, well, T. There’s just one T on the end of Bennet. That trips up a lot of people. On the other hand, Susan’s last name, Daggett, has two Ts on the end. Sorry if that’s confusing. 
S is for Susan. My wife, Susan Daggett, is a successful environmental advocacy lawyer and professor. She grew up near the Mississippi River in eastern Arkansas and is a great mom to our three daughters. 
R is for Rockford Files. Look, don’t you have an old TV show you like that people make fun of you about? So I like the Rockford Files. So what. 
Q is for Questions. One of my favorite questions I ever received at a house party was from a young kid who asked: "How do we make sure everyone is included?" It's vital to ensure all citizens have a stake in our democracy, even those not yet old enough to vote. 
P is for Pistachios. The ultimate road snack. I never drive anywhere without them.
O is for Outdoor Recreation. In Colorado, outdoor recreation is an essential part of our culture and economy. We must protect our  
N is for Next Generation. This is the question I ask for every decision I make: Will this help or hurt the next generation?
M is for Merch. Made in the USA, union-printed, and ready to ship, we’ve got your Bennet For America merch covered:  
L is for logs. Chopping wood may not seem like a prerequisite for public service, but it can be a useful life skill. Back when Susan and I lived in a rented cabin in Montana, I learned that staying warm requires hard work, but it's a whole lot easier when you have a sharp axe. 
K is for K Street. I’m leading the effort to ban members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists. It’s time to slam shut the revolving door between Congress and K Street.
J is for Juris Doctor. My wife Susan and I met in law school. I went on to work at the Department of Justice before going into business and public service, and Susan became an environmental defense lawyer and professor at a law school in Denver.
I is for Immigration. My mom and her parents survived the Holocaust and made their way to the only country where they could build their shattered lives: The United States of America. 
H is Hiking. Colorado is known for its fourteeners, more than 50 mountains that surpass 14,000 feet. Some of my favorite family memories are spent in the mountains in Colorado. 
G is for gerrymandering. Voters should choose their elected officials, not the other way around. That’s why I’ve introduced the  to end partisan gerrymandering where politicians draw the district lines for themselves. 
F is for Foosball. My friend is fond of touting his prowess at foosball. Let’s just say our rivalry isn’t as one-sided as the Flattop would like to think! 
E is for Education. As a former school superintendent, everything I do is for the kids in my former district and for kids across the country. That’s why I believe deeply we need to invest more in PreK-12 education and in dedicated, hard-working teachers. 
C and D are for Cats and Dogs. During my first campaign, I promised my daughters one thing if we won: A dog. His name is Pepper, and our cat is Captain Flint. 
B is for Books. If you come to my office, you’ll soon see there’s no room on the coffee table because it’s stacked with piles of books. Follow  to see what I’m reading, and share your own recommendations. 
A is for Appointment. I was appointed to the Senate in 2009, and started with just 3% name recognition. So I held town halls across Colorado and defended  in rural areas, and despite millions of dollars in attacks against us, we won the closest Senate race in 2010. 
As the former Superintendent of the Denver Public Schools, I take my ABCs seriously. Let's take a trip from A to Z before the first presidential debate this Thursday...
 We agree with To fix our politics, we need to bring an end to map manipulation and push for fair redistr…
As a former school superintendent, I know there's more we need to do.When one group has access to high-quality K-12 education and the other through no fault of their own does not, equal is not equal.And unequal is catastrophic for students holding the short end of the stick. 
 My conversation with 2020 Candidate who is running to disentangle 'Dysfunction In Our Pol…
From overturning Citizens United, to restoring the Voting Rights Act, to banning members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists, my plan is aimed at tackling corruption and strengthening our democracy. 
  “I think it’s critical that we get this done. Look: we’re the only industrialized country in the world that doe…
In 2016, vowed to drain the swamp. Since then, the swamp has only gotten worse.  My plan would require the president to release 10 years of tax returns and divest from any conflicts of interest.  
Instead of following the science, the Trump Administration is hiding it.I've seen the effect the climate crisis is having on our farmers and ranchers. That's why my plan was the first to prioritize agriculture's role in leading the global fight against  
  Quoting Sen. Jon Tester "My daughter is having to fight for rights her mother never had to fight for because h…
As a former school superintendent, I know that right now, our education system is reinforcing economic inequality, instead of liberating people from it. We need to change that. 
  "It’s always the most vulnerable people that these [politicians] lash out at. If you’re poor, if you’re a pers…
 “We need preschool in America for every kid that needs it,” tells the crowd, saying he’d be a presid…
Thanks for the afternoon pick-me-up Anne gives it a 💯. 
Had a great lunch ; conversation with Democratic leaders from across South Carolina. Grateful to everyone who took the time to share the challenges and opportunities in the state and discuss my vision for building more opportunity.   
Anne wanted to take a selfie for  and wouldn’t you know it, showed up again to help us take it. 
Joe Cunningham has showed Democrats across the country how to win in tough places. Let’s follow his playbook to take back the White House, Senate, and keep the House in 2020! 
Celebrating  by honoring my personal selfie inspiration 
 Constitution became law of the United States 231 years ago today, after New Hampshire ratified: 
To reform our politics, we need to crack down on the loopholes that let Super PACs hide their donors until AFTER you’ve voted. They’re gaming the system -- and we have to stop it.   
Farmers and ranchers are critical to fighting climate change. My plan empowers rural America by investing in innovative carbon capture technologies and providing incentives for zero-emission energy. Learn more at     
 3) released a "political reform" plan w/ sweeping aims: lifetime lobbying ban for Cong members, automatic voter…
 Looking for a candidate that has a plan to "fix our broken politics?" Well, longshot presidential candidate
Over 90 percent of Americans support universal background checks. Yet the Senate is too scared of the NRA to act.It doesn't have to be that way.  
 Great to see a comprehensive political reform plan from and that he'll make its implementation "a top priority…
⚡️ “Michael Bennet Launches Plan to Fix Our Broken Politics”

 Democratic presidential candidate presents a plan to overhaul our election system that includes 
Tune in: Joining on to discuss my new plan to fix our broken politics 
I’ve been fighting for political reform since I first came to the Senate. Because I’ve seen firsthand how the corruptive influence of big money in politics blocks progress.  
 COMING UP: and join on  Plus, and
96% of Americans blame money in politics for Washington dysfunction. Today I unveiled my plan to clean up the corruption:    
The majority of Americans know  is real and we need to do something about it. Yet in Washington, almost no Republican agrees. Why? Citizens United. It doesn't have to be that way.  
When Americans’ voices are heard, we move the country forward. That’s why my new plan promotes voting, bans  and supports   
 Special interests in Washington and across the country have an incentive to keep the system as is, where obstruction and a l…
 Democratic presidential candidate Michael Bennet is calling for a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United, a…
In 2016, I continued my push to ban members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists. Washington has to change.   
In 2013, we wrote an immigration bill overwhelmingly supported by the American people ; groups from AFL-CIO to the Chamber of Commerce. It passed the Senate with 68 votes, but died in the House bc of our broken politics.It doesn't have to be that way.  
Eight years ago, I introduced an amendment to overturn Citizens United and push back on the corruption of special interest money in our politics. As your President, I’ll prioritize bold reforms to fix our broken politics.   
I’ve been pushing for reform since I arrived in the Senate. Citizens United opened the floodgates of special interest money, leading to the corruption of inaction on our most pressing issues.   
My plan to fix our politics supports promising ideas like  which can give people more choices, increase the competition of ideas, and reduce extreme partisanship. 
 Today put out a big democracy reform plan. There are a lot of great ideas in here around voting, anti-corr…
 has a slogan to drain the swamp. We have a plan. 
The American people demand progress on health care, climate change, gun safety, inequality, and so much more. We need to fix our broken politics and pave the way for lasting change. If you agree, join us at  
We have to drive the money out of our democracy and bring the American people back in. Learn more at   
 Senator knows we have to fix our broken democracy to tackle the issues we care most about. Read more about…
My plan will:✅ Overturn Citizens United✅ Ban members of Congress from becoming lobbyists✅ Require automatic ; same-day voter registration ✅ Support ranked choice voting✅ End gerrymandering✅ Crack down on dark money✅ Restore the Voting Rights Act
We have to understand how the forces of Citizens United, gerrymandering, and special interests are working together to defeat the will of the American people and to support an agenda that has nothing to do with their priorities. We need to overcome that. 
 This is excellent from  upping the ante on all candidates to put improving our democracy at the top of the…
 NEWS - went viral by ranting about dysfunction in DC.Now, as a 2020er, he’s out with a plan to fix it.…
We have to fix our broken politics to make progress on the issues we care about—from health care to climate change to gun violence. That’s why cleaning up corruption ; strengthening democracy will be a top priority of mine as President.  
Climate change is a Day One priority for me. We need to lead the world in tackling this existential threat. 
We should finish the work that we started with the Affordable Care Act by having a robust public option.  That's why I wrote a plan to do just that called Medicare-X.
 Democratic Sen. of Colorado and candidate for president said “The vast majority of Americans believe that cl…
I’m running for President to build opportunity for every American and to restore integrity to our government. It's been an unbelievable experience. See you on the debate stage. 
 "Your vote is your voice, your voice is your choice."  Thank you Caroline Bennet, who's working on her father
Slavery is a stain on our founding values of liberty, justice, and equality. On Juneteenth, we celebrate the end of slavery, and we recommit to continuing to become a more perfect union for everyone.
We’re just a week away from the first Democratic debates. And for a very limited time you have a chance to win a free trip to Miami to watch it live.Enter here to win a chance to watch me at the June 27th debate ➡️
 Poet Joy Harjo — a member of the Muskogee Creek Nation —  has become the first Native American U.S. Poet Laureate. "You hit word…
DNC Chair - following up on my commitment at yesterday’s   to call for a televised debate on poverty, racism, and more. These are important issues that shouldn't be left out.
Now says “we’re going to have a plan” on health care.We already know his agenda: rip away health care from millions of Americans and deny coverage to people with pre-existing conditions.We must make Donald Trump a one-term President. 
  joins  NOW -- tune in!
Try again, Granting DC statehood is called “democracy.” 
On Day 1 as President, I will take immediate action to tackle  But we can't wait until 2021. That's why I'm working across the aisle to pass tax credits to carbon capture and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
From of "Of the 23 Democrats who want Trump’s job, Bennet’s resume is arguably the most impressive and diverse...[His views] convey a deep understanding of our problems and how to help solve them." 
The federal government has a hugely important civil rights responsibility in education. has failed to live up to that role. 
The agenda in Washington these days has nothing to do with the kids in my former school district—nothing to do with the priorities of American families. That’s why the work of is so important. We must demand better. 
Our education system is reinforcing economic inequality, not liberating kids from it. That’s a national disgrace. 
We need to shift our priorities away from cutting taxes and spending on wars overseas, and instead invest in our country’s future. We can start by passing my  to expand the Child Tax Credit for families ; cut child poverty by nearly 40%.  
Washington is not going to change unless we force Washington to change. The only way to succeed is by building a broad coalition across the country to advance our progressive agenda. Speaking live now at   
Today’s decision is a step toward more fair and free elections in Virginia. We must take action to ensure voters across the country are choosing their elected officials, not the other way around. Let’s pass my  to explicitly ban partisan  
We remember the  lost 4 years ago today, and continue to be inspired by the city of Charleston's grace and forgiveness in the face of racism, bigotry, and violence.  their names. 
 Meet presidential candidate Michael Bennet  by 
Our favorite  tradition 🌮 
And we’re out! Until next year  ✌🏼 
Walking in this year’s  with Colorado is grateful for the work you do not just today, but everyday to advance LGBTQ+ equality in our state. 
Hello  🏳️‍🌈 
Happy  to all the dads out there! Hope your kids had better foresight than us and cooked you breakfast... 
Caroline here. Anne and I are taking over our dad’s accounts for Father’s Day. We’re currently on our way to the Denver  Follow us all day on Instagram:  
When I told this kid that he could be president one day, he responded without missing a beat: "But I'm not a senator yet." 
Thank you to everyone who came out to the Tattered Cover last night for the launch of my book  
Mitch McConnell says “case closed” about Russian intervention in the 2016 election. Now he’s blocking bipartisan election security legislation, leaving us vulnerable to attacks.McConnell’s toxic agenda is jeopardizing America’s future.
Standing with the people of Sudan in the face of an appalling crackdown as they demand real democratic reforms.  
We’re gearing up for a great event tonight at the in Denver! Come out at 7pm to hear all about my new book  Hope to see you soon. 📚 
We built our nation on cherished beliefs: that we are created equal, that our rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are inalienable, and that we have a collective obligation to seek a more perfect Union. Our flag symbolizes that shared responsibility. 
What if we could reduce child poverty by 40%?It’s not a dream. It’s called the American Family Act, a bill I wrote with Bold plans that drive opportunity no matter where you’re from are at the core of why I’m running for President. 
 Must The American Dream be rethought in the face of climate change? And other questions for ahead of the Demo…
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin in 2017: “The plan will pay for itself with growth.”Rep. Kevin Brady, the architect of the bill, in 2019: “way too early to tell” whether or not Trump tax cuts pay for themselves.
It's been an unbelievable six weeks. See you on the debate stage. 
Getting the last word in tonight with — discussing everything from making the debate stage to my new book  
Marshall’s lifetime of service was capped by 24 years on the Supreme Court. Today, we try to follow his words and work to make progress: "Where you see wrong or inequality or injustice, speak out, because this is your country. This is your democracy. Make it. Protect it." 4/4
After Briggs was combined with other school desegregation cases, Marshall led the effort against segregated schools at the Supreme Court. He won in 1954—more than two decades after his first Supreme Court victory—when Brown v. Board of Ed became the law of the land. 3/4
In 1942, while working for the Thurgood Marshall went to Charleston, SC to fight for equal pay for black teachers; he won the case in 1944. In 1949, he returned to SC to fight segregation, leading the plaintiffs in Briggs v. Elliot. 2/4
Thurgood Marshall spent his life fighting inequality, particularly in education. He was denied admission to his preferred college because of his race ; labored to ensure such injustices would end. Even 52 years after his nomination to the Supreme Court, his work is not done. 1/4 
We need a president who will level with the American people about how we’re going to actually make progress—that’s what I plan to do on the debate stage. I’m ready to share my vision for a stronger future, where we fix our politics ; build economic opportunity for all Americans.
Don’t forget to tune in tonight to with O’Donnell at 10pm ET / 8pm MT. 
 Sen. Michael Bennet: "Even before he was president, he said Wikileaks, if you're out there, send me the stuff. Russia, if you'…
The top 0.1% hold about as much wealth as the bottom 90%. That should not be the reality in the most prosperous nation in history. When the economy grows, everyone should benefit. 
As a candidate for president, I will NEVER solicit, nor accept, help from any foreign actor in my campaign. Our democracy is by Americans, for Americans. Other  candidates,  if you agree.
Here’s the truth: Donald Trump is threatening the integrity of our democracy because he’s weak and pathetic. Real leaders don't pander to dictators. 
Trump is weak and pathetic. The President of the United States needs to be somebody who can stand up for America and for our allies. 
Three years ago today, we lost 49 remarkable people who enriched the lives of their friends, families, and communities. As we honor their memories, we also recommit to building a nation that is free of hate and violence. 
“Even with premiums, Medicare X could be a much better deal than buying an individual plan for people who don’t get coverage through an employer.”Medicare-X gives you the freedom to choose a public option. And it’ll get us to universal health care.
The students I served as Superintendent of the Denver Public Schools, and kids like them across the nation, are all too often ignored in the halls of power. We must break through the corruption of inaction in Washington so we can secure a better future for the next generation. 
I just wrote a bill to require federal agencies to calculate the true cost of carbon pollution.Because Trump isn’t just denying climate science - he’s also hiding the real cost of climate change across America. 
This video may not break the Internet, but Mitch McConnell might.    cc: 
Once again, Trump’s bank account wins, and American consumers lose. 
The  shows what we can accomplish when we write policies that actually respond to the American people. For these farmers, this could be the difference between keeping their land or losing years of their hard work.
We spent more than $10 trillion on tax cuts and wars in the Middle East. We could’ve fixed every road and bridge in America. We could have fixed every airport. We could’ve made Social Security solvent. And we did none of it.It’s time to fix our broken politics. 
 Sen. has some of the best ideas in this field of candidates. They’re progressive ; pragmatic - and he’s c…
We’re rooting for you, Learn more about this incredible team ⤵️ 
 Highlight: Democratic presidential candidate Senator Michael Bennet (D) to “Almost all of the [tax cut] ben…
Can’t wait to join  this weekend. Don’t miss out on the chance to show your  and shop our merch here:  
This is the epitome of corruption in Washington, and another example of the Trump Administration ; Mitch McConnell working against the interests of the American people. 
 "My favored candidate: Michael Bennet...He has smart, progressive, practical solutions for our pressing issues.”- Su…
For years, Mitch McConnell and the Freedom Caucus have blocked action on everything from the  to health care. I’m running to build a broad coalition to close the chapter on the Trump-McConnell era and restore integrity to Washington. 
 Highlight: "We should use the trade war [Trump's] provoked with China to rally the rest of the world to push back on Chin…
DC is a three-ring circus: spins plates with stuff dropping all around ; Mitch McConnell is the ringmaster. They're why we haven’t acted on issues like climate change ; gun reform. We must close the chapter on the Trump-McConnell circus of chaos ; corruption. 
Part of my family’s story starts with my mother and her parents surviving the Holocaust, finding refuge in the only place they could truly rebuild their shattered lives — America. Their story isn’t unique — it’s an American story like so many told across generations. 
  is often called a "pragmatic idealist." We call him an interesting interviewee. The 2020 Democratic candidat…
 Highlight: "It's not clear to me [Trump] has the authority to put the tariffs in place," Senator says abou…
Today I  to honor gun violence victims and survivors ; call attention to an epidemic stripping too many young people of their childhoods. Freedom from violence should not be too much for our kids to expect from their leaders. It’s time we deliver commonsense reforms. 
 “This book has in it everything that I’ve learned over the last 10 years about what’s wrong ; right with our democracy.”…
 We're Getting2Know Senator ; 2020 candidate What's the best food he ate on the campaign trail, is he friends…
It’s shameful that we don’t have universal health care in America. And it’s shameful that McConnell has blocked action and has stripped coverage away from millions. This should not be the reality Americans have to endure. 
Theresa Greenfield knows the importance of health care and investing in economic opportunities no matter the zip code. We need fighters for working people like Theresa. And we need to take back the Senate and put Mitch McConnell in the minority for good.  
 "We've been tyrannized for the last ten years by the Freedom Caucus and by Mitch McConnell, who just say no no no." -
I'm angry. That's why I'm running for President.40 years of no economic mobility for 90% of the people. An education system that reinforces inequality. Trump erasing Obama's leadership on climate change. No response on mass shootings. People should be freaking furious. 
Excited to grow our team in Iowa so we can continue sharing our message about building economic opportunity from Council Bluffs to Davenport — and everywhere in between.  
I don't think you can be progressive unless you actually make progress. That’s why I wrote Medicare-X. Because Americans need health care now. 
On set with this morning talking about my new book the  a diagnosis of what’s broken in Washington and how we can move forward to a brighter future. 
Tune in live now! 
 🎥 BEHIND THE SCENES: caught up with and asked him how he thinks New Hampshire can help him stand…
Tune in tonight at 9pm ET / 7pm MT. Look forward to joining 
I call it the living room test.If you can explain a policy to people in their living room and know that a majority could get behind it, you can build a coalition for durable change. We can achieve that with Medicare-X, my climate plan, and my plan to reduce child poverty. 
Here’s the truth: Donald Trump broke his word about tax reform, shoveling trillions in tax cuts to giant corporations and the wealthiest Americans.Now these truckers are paying the price. 
75 years ago today, brave young service members fought in the name of our shared values and many of them made the ultimate sacrifice. Our country is forever in their debt. 
Talking w/ on why I believe being progressive means actually making progress. The kids in my former school district ; the next generation can’t wait any longer for us to have universal health care or tackle climate change. That’s where I’m focused—on making progress now.
On the floor of the with — talking about the damage of President Trump’s tariffs ; how we can build economic opportunity for every American. 
More than half of former members of Congress that leave office go on to become, you guessed it, lobbyists. Our elected officials should represent the people, not special interests or themselves. 
We must stand up for our democracy. It’s time to make DC a state so their citizens can enjoy the rights people from every other state have.  
I’m tired of Washington dysfunction masquerading as empty bipartisanship. To break the politics of inaction on climate change and more, we need to take on the power of big money by reversing Citizens United. We need real campaign finance reform - and we need it now.
It makes absolutely no sense to silence candidates or limit the competition of ideas to tackle the existential threat of our time. All Dem candidates want to fight  ; voters should be able to hear our different approaches ; determine which will best combat this now.
 Watch 'Conversation with the Candidate' with Michael Bennet 
Trump’s tariffs are a tax on our workers, our farmers, and our ranchers — and at the worst possible time when they are already struggling because of his trade wars. 
Defenders of women and their health care rights have agreed for decades: the Hyde Amendment is federally sanctioned discrimination. It is wrong and should be overturned immediately.
So much is at stake in this election—health care, climate change, and our economic future. It will take all of us to build a broad coalition, fix our broken politics, and make progress on the issues that matter most to American families and workers. That’s why I’m running. 
Another day, another broken promise from research finds what we knew all along: The Trump tax cuts did little to boost wages, but added trillions to the debt. And who got nearly all the benefit? The wealthiest Americans. 
Had a great time joining to discuss  what it will take to restore our democracy, and what we can do to improve education and end child poverty. Take a listen: 
Very excited to announce that  is out today. This isn’t a memoir. I couldn’t bear to read such a thing, much less expect you to.It’s my diagnosis of what's broken in Washington and how we can come together to fix it. 
 "Our farmers are paying the price for Donald Trump not understanding the most basic thing about economics." on…
I will do everything I possibly can do to ensure Roe v. Wade remains the law of the land because health care decisions should be in the hands of women and their families. Period.
It's June ; that means summer reading! Here's my list:-There Will Be No Miracles Here, by Douglass: Prophet of Freedom, by America: The Case for the Nation, by Jill LeporeWhat's on your summer reading list?  
 let’s work together to achieve the 2030 conservation target I outlined in my plan. Will you also commit to include a 2030 Challenge for states to tackle climate change even faster?
Had a wonderful time meeting folks in South Carolina. Thanks for your ideas, your hospitality -- and your delicious grits!    
Thanks to supporters across America, we’re building a movement to boost our economy, fix our broken politics, tackle the climate crisis, reduce child poverty, and achieve universal coverage.Join us at  
I wrote legislation to ban partisan gerrymandering because the people should pick their representatives, not the other way around. Today I took pledge to support fair districts and help create a truly representative democracy. It's time to ensure 
“The Trump administration is responsible for the largest reduction in the boundaries of protected land in US history, according to a new study.”We must make Donald Trump a one-term President.
 Couldn't agree more Glad and are bringing attention to our ban on Members of Congress beco…
 Michael Bennet: "Mitch McConnell is impervious to give-and-take unless he's taking everything, which he is almost all the time…
  gets applause in South Carolina for his ideas on education reform in this country. Your parent’s income s…
I’ve heard it in from Ankeny, IA, to Fort Mill, SC. Americans are frustrated with our broken politics. We can fix it, and it starts with reversing Citizens United and passing real reforms to make Washington work for the people. 
I don’t think we can make our economy work for everyone until we seriously reaffirm our commitment to public education. And that means investing in K-12 schools nationwide and raising teacher pay to treat them like the professionals they are. 
 is an unwavering force in positioning Denver as an inclusive city creating opportunities for everyone. As a former city leader, I know that we need more public servants like Michael. I hope you’ll join me in supporting Michael by Tuesday, June 4th.
It’s time to fix our broken politics. That means overturning Citizens United, ending partisan gerrymandering, and banning Members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists. 
Even though I met you all for the first time this weekend, I can say I’m already excited to come back to South Carolina!   
Happy Pride Month! We won’t stop working to create a more perfect union, where there is never a question that Love is Love.   
To reach universal health care, we should not be taking insurance away from 180 million people who have plans through their employer. We should be giving the American people the choice of buying into a public option like  
When the economy grows, everyone's income should grow. That is not happening now, and it's tearing at our democracy. 
On  celebrating everyone who has bravely fought this disease ; also encouraging others to get screened. I would never have known I had prostate cancer without a screening ; will keep fighting so every American has access to preventative care.  
 Coming up on ✔ Virginia Beach Police Chief Jim Cervera✔
Kids like her are why I’m running. Her job is to be a kid. Our job is to build a better future for her. 
Exceptional food ; service at Loved the fish and grits. Congratulations and good luck with the opening of your second location! 
Thank you to these faith and community leaders who were kind enough to gather on this Saturday afternoon with me. Grateful for both the time and wisdom you shared. 
Some call this proposal unrealistic, but that's exactly the problem. Politicians shouldn't get to sellout the American people for a payday. We have to slam the revolving door shut—once and for all.
Another throwback, this time to 2016. When lawmakers become lobbyists, the American people think they went to Washington just to get rich. We need to change that reality and focus on serving the public. 
Throwback circa 2010. We’ve gained momentum since then, with bipartisan cosponsors like Glad that are on board with banning Members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists too. 
For nearly a decade, I’ve led a bill to ban Members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists. I’m thrilled so many others are now joining this effort. Together, we can finally begin to fix our broken politics. 
 I really enjoyed breakfast Senator and look forward to seeing more of your brand of leadership in South Carolina. 
Walking through Soda City this morning on my way to Blue Flour Bakery. Amazing to see so many people supporting local small businesses.   
A great way to start the day in Columbia with As someone who has worked in city government, I have a lot of respect for his local leadership—doubling the economy and bringing the community together over the last decade. 
If you missed it this week, I had my first live  You can see the recap at the link below, and reply with any questions you still want answered 👇🏼 
I'm so glad you came to my first SC event, And I'm even more grateful for your question about inequities in education. We should be building a 21st century education system that liberates kids from economic inequality, not enforces it. 
Grateful to Don and Carol for opening their home and hosting our first event in South Carolina — the first of many! 
Trump is a climate denier, and for the sake of our planet’s future, we need to make him a one-term president.   
Excited to be in South Carolina...we’re just getting started here in Columbia! 
Mueller’s report was clear: Russia interfered in our elections. Now McConnell is blocking safeguards to protect our future elections, putting party ahead of country.  McConnell’s obstructionism is simply disgraceful.
Thank you to everyone who joined us for last night’s  Have any questions that didn’t get answered? Ask in the replies! 
Like most Americans, I don't accept that our economy and our politics are too broken to fix. → 
 Thanks for calling for  We are already dealing with the impacts in communities across countr…
 Democratic presidential candidate Michael Bennet says "everybody in America" needs to work together to combat climate chan…
Instead of taking insurance away from people, let’s finish what Obamacare started and provide everyone the choice of buying into a public option. That’s how we’ll reach universal coverage.    
Let’s start with the facts: Michael is not on a government plan. He’s fortunate to be covered by his wife’s private insurance. - Team Bennet 
There was a time after WWII when we had the wind at our back and decided we would invest in public education. We’ve stopped doing that, and it’s disgraceful. Every child in America should have access to high-quality preschool, K-12, and some form of higher education. 
 Watching on CNN Townhall. I’d never seen him expound on issues and had hardly heard him talk on much of anyt…
We aren’t remotely paying teachers what they deserve to make. We have to move our education system into the 21st century and pay teachers like the professionals they are. 
 "I believe President Trump has probably committed impeachable offenses," says Democratic presidential candidate Michael Bennet. 
Women across the country should have the right to safe, legal, and accessible abortion. It is no one’s choice to make but their own. 
Not only is  an existential threat, but if we don’t deal with it now, our children won’t be able to deal with it, because it will be too late. Here is my plan for how to tackle climate change on Day 1 as president: 
Instead of taking health insurance away from 180 million people, we need to finish what Obamacare started and provide a true public option called  for every American. 
It is hard to believe that five weeks ago I was on an operating table for prostate cancer. I was lucky because I had health insurance, but that’s not the case for millions of Americans. We absolutely need universal health care in this country. 
  For 10 years, lawmakers wouldn’t sign onto our bill to ban Members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists. Let’s change that.  
Backstage about to join for a  Tune in at 10 ET...or 8 MT...! See you out there. 
Running into a CNN town hall at 10 PM, but I can save you all a lot of time here:  
 How can a candidate stand out in the crowded race for the Democratic presidential nomination? gets his chance in a…
Inspiring to see and Purpose Built Communities creating a healthier and safer community through education. Thank you ; Daniel Shoy for showing me your transformative work. 
See you soon, South Carolina!Join us on Friday in Columbia → Join us on Saturday in Fort Mill →  
It's not every day you see the three of us on the same page.Hey and let's make it official. Want to sign on to my bill to ban Members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists so we can finally slam the revolving door shut once and for all? 
Our education system should reverse income inequality, not reinforce it. But that's what is happening in too many communities today. Spent time with these 3 year olds in an innovative East Lake program that's taking a holistic approach to transform their schools ; neighborhood. 
We’re just hours away from tonight’s town hall on CNN. Make sure you tune in at 10pm ET/8pm MT. 
It’s time to build the future we want, or one we don’t want will be thrust upon us.I’m running for President to build opportunity for every American and to restore integrity to our government.
 How can a candidate stand out in the crowded race for the Democratic presidential nomination? gets his chance in a…
I want to hear directly from you before I step on stage tomorrow night for the CNN town hall. Why are you engaged in this critical election? Speak up here →  
 How can a candidate stand out in the crowded race for the Democratic presidential nomination? gets his chance in a…
Americans turning 30 are just as likely to earn less than their parents did at that age as they are to earn more. We call our country the land of opportunity, but it doesn’t always feel that way right now. It’s within our power to change that.
Kicking off the day in Hudson, NH talking about how we create constituencies for change in our country to make progress on climate change, immigration, and so many other issues.   
Devastating forest fires can be a matter of life or death across the West. Yet is planning to slash 1,000 firefighting jobs. This isn’t just wrong. It’s reckless.
It’s time to build the future we want, or one we don’t want will be thrust upon us. I’m running for President to build opportunity for every American and to restore integrity to our government. 
Had a great time on Pints ; Politics with On tap today: Jack’s Abby blood orange wheat.Tune in tomorrow at 10am to hear our conversation.   
People need affordable, quality health care choices—everywhere. That’s what my Medicare-X public option would deliver.The American people aren’t ready to throw up their hands and give up on making progress. Washington shouldn’t either.
For the last 40 years, the costs of health care, housing, child care, and higher education have risen much faster than most Americans’ paychecks. We need to lift incomes and lower the costs of a middle-class life —for everyone.
We need to level with the American people. If that means calling out Fox News and Donald Trump, I’ll do it. Because you deserve the truth from your leaders.
Thank you to Principal Karen Machado, and to the teachers in manufacturing, economics, firefighting, and design communications, for showing me the innovative teaching practices you’re using to build a stronger workforce. 
As one teacher at Manchester School of Technology told me, federal investment in career ; technical education is as important, if not more, than ever before. We need to train our workforce to compete in the 21st century on the world stage.  
 is acting as if we are too weak to respond to a refugee problem, compete with China, or invest in the next generation. That’s not true. America is a strong country with currently weak leadership. 
Today, we honor the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice while defending our country. They are remembered by their families, communities, and a grateful nation. It is our sacred duty as Americans to ensure their sacrifices on behalf of our freedoms are never forgotten. 
It is ridiculous that we live in the only industrialized country in the world where people can go bankrupt because of a medical emergency.My Medicare-X plan would create a public option to ensure high-quality coverage for every single American. 
The opioid crisis has devastated communities across America. Enough is enough. My plan will hold corporate executives criminally liable for their conduct.
How do we create shared prosperity in this country, so when the economy grows everybody benefits? This is one of the fundamental problems we must tackle as a country. 
We need a president who understands why Washington isn’t working and has a plan to fix it. That’s the only way we will make progress on health care, our economy, climate change, and all of the other issues that matter to the American people. 
A member of the so-called "Freedom Caucus" just single-handedly blocked a key disaster relief bill. Turns out he used to work for Ted Cruz so I guess he learned a thing or two about making the country suffer for a cheap political stunt.
If we win big in 2020, up and down the ballot, we can turn my  into law and lift 4 million American kids out of poverty.
 ‘Tomorrow’s here, the future’s now, get found.’ — Rep. shared some of his old rap lyrics to inspire gradua…
Cover everyone. Lower costs. Improve quality. That’s how we need to fix our healthcare system, and it’s what Medicare-X — my plan to create a public option — would do. 
I’m always up for a selfie! 
My daughter Halina graduated from high school and we couldn’t be prouder. Now, if only she would rethink moving across the country for college... 
Conserving our lands will make a critical difference in the fight against  Let’s lead the world in making the first-ever commitment to conserving our lands and oceans, and push other countries to follow.   
 This is a good example of how climate plans should incorporate agriculture: by helping farmers implement carbon-sequestering con…
We CAN forge a broad coalition to fight  without sacrificing ambitious goals. The majority of Americans believe climate change is real, humans are contributing to it, and we need to act. Let’s engage them and defeat climate deniers in 2020. 
We've made it too hard for people to work, raise a family, and build a better life. Passing my  would ease the burdens that tens of millions of American families face every day.
Had a great time, And also on the podcast. Take a listen to hear how I feel about being called the “Accidental Senator.”  
The only way to solve our most pressing challenges is to create bold, ambitious solutions—solutions that come from people working together out in America, not in Washington.
Americans are demanding action on climate change. Our next President must prioritize this on Day 1.We need a  to discuss how our country will confront this global crisis.Read my plan here ➡️ 
My second daughter is graduating from high school today. Time flies. Here's a walk down memory lane from nearly 10 years ago... 
FOUNDING DONOR ALE: We need 65,000 donations to get to the debate. Could you chip in to become a founding donor?
FOUNDING DONOR ALE: We need 65,000 donations to get to the debate. Could you chip in to become a founding donor?
Women across the country should have the right to a safe, legal, and accessible abortion. Period.It’s a disgrace that we’re on the front lines of this same battle once again. We cannot move backwards. We need to 
 Congrats to for being the 1st pres. candidate to lay out a vision and plan for conserving 30% of America's l…
 Thanks for your thoughts, you’ll keep hearing from me (and seeing more of me) soon!
 Michael Bennet's presidential campaign should be getting more attention, if only because he's running on well crafted leg…
Michael Bennet is running for President to build economic opportunity in America and restore integrity to our government. We're at risk of becoming the first generation of Americans to leave the next generation with less, not more. Michael won't let that happen.
We cannot afford to wait. The climate crisis is too serious for political games. If we join together, we can reduce emissions, create 10 million good-paying jobs, and build a clean energy economy that drives opportunity for all Americans. Learn more at 
 The U.S. spends nearly 2x what other advanced economies spend on healthcare yet 27 million Americans lack health insura…
The climate crisis is too important for us to wait any longer. We need to act now, which is why I have a plan to start tackling  on Day 1. 
 In response to climate change plan, released the following statement: 
 As Trump buries his head in the sand, Dems continue to propose thoughtful plans to tackle the climate crisis. This plan from…
We need a new approach to solve this problem that not only is sufficiently ambitious, but will endure across American elections and administrations. That's why I rolled out my climate plan in Iowa today. 
If the corruption of inaction blocks progress in Congress, I will use executive authority under the Clean Air Act to ensure action on America’s climate plan.As President, I will not allow Mitch McConnell to be the Earth’s grim reaper.  
The American people are demanding climate action. Why isn't Washington acting? Because bought-and-paid-for climate deniers like Donald Trump put special interests ahead of our future.It’s time for bold action and enduring solutions.
 Democratic presidential candidate this morning released his plan to fight the climate crisis: 
Every American should be empowered to help address climate change. That’s why my plan creates a Climate X Option to give Americans the opportunity to choose clean energy, zero-emission vehicles, and energy efficiency in their homes.Learn more here: 
We can — and must — engage a broad constituency of Americans to overcome partisanship and take immediate action on climate change. I have a new plan today that's not only ambitious, but also will endure across American elections and administrations. 
 We commend "America’s Climate Change Plan"—a road map for climate action. Committing to major goals like ach…
 Americans want to see  from their President. Good to see join and
For the first time in history, we will commit to conserve 30% of America’s lands and oceans by 2030, and push the world to follow our lead. 
Our climate plan will:✅ Achieve 100% clean, net-zero emissions as soon as possible and no later than 2050✅ Build and sustain 10 million high-paying jobs✅ Engage broad coalition of Americans to ensure our approach to climate change endures✅ Reassert American leadership
Climate change is a global crisis that we must confront now. That’s why, on Day 1 as President, I will prioritize climate change and launch an initiative that engages people across the country to develop an innovative and lasting solution. Learn more → 
Not only did he spell my name right, Dave even gave me an exclamation point. Thanks, Dave! 
Important newsflash for the rest of America.cc: 
We cannot afford to wait to provide the high-quality, affordable care Americans need. Let’s immediately provide a better option that is strong enough to improve our broken system and withstand the partisanship in Washington. It’s called 
Thanks for all your service to the good people of South Bend. My whole family loves Chasten’s Twitter feed. 
What are the makings of a just society? We have a whole generation that’s grown up with war, mass incarceration, and broken healthcare and education systems. We need to reinvigorate our democracy so it’s more fair and more free. Thank you for the conversation. 
Friendly bit of advice for anyone still planning on hopping in the race: call your mother first. 
 Senator has spent years on a plan to get health care to all. Then, like for many, life was interrupted with a…
Really important stories from on the devastating effects of reckless trade war on American farmers, manufacturers, and workers. 
As my oldest daughter Caroline said when I gave a speech on crocodile tears during the government shutdown, “Uh oh, I’ve heard that voice before.” 
 provides people with a better choice—whether you’re from rural or urban areas, Republican or Democrat, young or old. It’s the most effective way to achieve universal coverage ; lower costs. Join us and help make it a reality → 
When I traveled around my state defending Obamacare in 2010, especially in rural and conservative areas, people often told me it was a Bolshevik takeover. Now those same people are thanking us for Obamacare, and asking us to build on it. We can do that with  
Democrats agree we need universal coverage. How we get there matters. Vermont’s Democratic Governor warned that single-payer can fail if you “sell an idea to Americans that you can’t achieve.” The taxes to pay for $32 trillion in costs is a hard sell.
As a country, we spend almost DOUBLE what other advanced economies spend on health care.  And we’re not seeing better outcomes. About 27 million Americans still lack health insurance. That is unacceptable. H/t: 
For too many families that receive a diagnosis like I did, it can mean tremendous burden or even bankruptcy because of our broken healthcare system. We need a public option called  cover everyone, lower costs, and improve quality of care. 
 incited a trade war with China that puts the livelihood of our farmers and ranchers on the line. Farm incomes are on track to be down $12 billion this year, while American consumers pay more. 
While Washington was screwing around with wall that Mexico was supposed to pay for, China landed on the dark side of the moon. We should be using this time to invest in our future. Help send me to the debate →  
Thanks for having me, Next time you’re in DC, the jello’s on me. 
Getting ready… Joining on tonight! 
 TONIGHT! Seth welcomes Aidy Bryant, John Waters and 
It’s been called “quite possibly the most important legislative policy idea of the 2020 election.” We have a bill that could lift millions of children out of poverty, driving opportunity for more Americans. Learn more→ 
Every day, there are families without health insurance burdened by an emergency room visit or unexpected diagnosis. If you agree we need universal coverage, let’s make it a reality together. Help send me to the debate stage →  
As a former school superintendent, I’m running for President to restore integrity to our government and build opportunity for every American.If you’re ready to close the chapter on Trump, join us. Together, we can return normalcy to our politics. ➡️
See you tomorrow night, 
This is a direct threat to women’s health and safety and an attack on Roe v. Wade. Women across the country should have the right to safe, legal, and accessible abortion. It is no one’s choice to make but their own.  
Instead of escalating rhetoric and tensions, needs a real strategy to address Iran and the region. 
Thanks, I was fortunate because they caught it early. If you haven’t been screened yet, please take the time to do so. 
Health care decisions should be in the hands of women and their families. Period. 
We overcame $17 million in attacks to win the closest Senate race in 2010.And we did it the old-fashioned way: going everywhere, talking to everyone, and standing up for policies like Obamacare across a purple state.Let’s do it again.  Chip in at  
The Senate is broken. And it didn’t happen by accident. Mitch McConnell lived up to being the “guardian of gridlock,” breaking the Senate for partisan gain. History will remember the deep damage McConnell inflicted on our republic.
Health care, housing, child care, and education costs are way up. Wages for too many Americans are flat. This is the economic challenge of our time. That’s why I have plans to create a  public option and expand the Child Tax Credit. → 
Instead of shrugging off this self-inflicted trade war, should face the farmers and ranchers across the country whose livelihoods are on the line because of his reckless policies. I bet they’d say there’s nothing “little” about this. 
Speaking the truth matters. We won in the 2010 Tea Party wave while defending Obamacare in rural areas.Outside groups spent millions against us, but grassroots power prevailed. Together, we’ll win in 2020. Join us ➡️  
When your oldest daughter comes home from her first year of college... 
Add your 💸 to help Michael make the debate stage→  - Team Bennet 
Need a mug for crocodile tears? We’ve got you covered. Plus we have plenty of other choices like a handy tote bag and a t-shirt to wear your Team Bennet support. Get your merch and help Michael make the debate stage ➡️  - Team Bennet 
 on Michael Bennet: “This is John Kennedy re-cloned, you can’t get any better than this guy.” Carville knows a thing or two about picking winners. Learn more about Michael at  -Team Bennet 
Spent the morning with my daughter Caroline and some fantastic radio hosts on the site where the Consitution was ratified in Concord, NH. Later a school was built here, and this door is full of signatures from teachers and radio guests. 
Donald Trump is the most fiscally irresponsible president in decades.Now his tariffs on China are imposing taxes on American farmers, workers, and consumers. And I can assure you China has a longer attention span than Donald Trump does. 
Great conversation on and for my final stop in New Hampshire this weekend. Peter and Pat — I’ll be back! 
Thank you and for having me on this morning’s show. Talked about everything from my favorite pizza (pepperoni) to why I’m in NH and running for President. Hope to see you again soon. 
Our campaign is about leveling with the American people. Together, we can restore integrity to Washington. And it starts with reforms like banning members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists.Help bring our message to the debate stage ; 
Joining New Hampshire radio this morning with a special guest: my daughter Caroline! 
Another great house party in the books in New Hampshire! It’s incredible to see the thought and seriousness with which everyone takes their responsibility to elect our nominee for president. I’m humbled to be part of it. 
Tonight we’re talking about the next generation. Granite Staters want to know what we’re going to do about climate change, education, and the national debt. We cannot burden our kids by not solving these critical problems. 
To my mom, America is a beacon of opportunity — where she could rebuild her life after the Holocaust, enroll herself in school ; become a librarian. She gave us more chances than she ever had ; taught us that our job is to extend opportunity so others can rise.  
 TODAY: we interview 2020 Democratic presidential candidate, Sen. On TV, the radio, and streaming onlin…
No visit to Ottumwa is complete without a stop at the Canteen! Sat next to a man who’s been coming here since high school for burgers and malts. They’ve been serving Iowans for nearly a century—and now I see why. 
Just left an insightful discussion with Davis County Democrats, where I also had a chance to tour the town library with Robert, who maintains the beautiful, renovated building. 
Thank you to Louise for helping organize and host our Pella event. And an even bigger thank you for all of her years of work in education. 
Great conversation in Pella today. We talked at length about the importance of facts, and the need for a president who is willing to level with people. There’s no other way we’re going to solve our greatest challenges if we don’t start there. 
Pella, Iowa: windmills, tulips, and a Dutch letter pastry 
Starting the morning at Rich’s Brew in Johnston with teachers and school board members to learn more about how we can better address the challenges they face and goals they’ve set. 
What a great first week on the trail! I’ve enjoyed meeting people and hearing their thoughts on how to move our country forward. I’m running to build opportunity for every American and restore integrity to our government. Join us at   
Go everywhere. Listen to everyone. Build opportunity together.That’s defined my time in public service. That’s how I’m running my campaign. Hope to see you on the campaign trail soon.
With professionalism, kindness, and a deep well of knowledge, nurses save lives and improve health outcomes every day. We appreciate your dedication to every patient.  
Our campaign is about building opportunity for every American and restoring integrity to government. Join us at  
Nine out of 10 Americans have not received a decent pay raise over the last 40 years, even as costs continue to rise. No matter how hard they work, most Americans cannot afford a middle-class life. Here’s my plan to change that → 
Every teacher this week was forced to think, once again, about how they would protect their students in a mass shooting. For teachers who lived this reality in Highlands Ranch, we thank you, recognize your bravery ; apologize this is part of your job. 
Heartbroken for this student’s family, loved ones, and classmates, and for everyone affected by today’s tragedy. This sickening reality has become too normal for our children. They deserve better. We have to do better. 
The American people need an affordable, high-quality health care option now.  will give them that option, so they can choose what is best for their family and have access to better insurance and care. 
Is this what you'll tell your grandchildren, Mr. Secretary? 
We are the first generation of Americans at risk of handing our children less opportunity, not more. I have a plan to change that. Read why I’m running, and how we can build opportunity in our economy →  
We stand behind Israel's right to self defense against rocket attacks by terror groups inside Gaza. Launching rocket attacks against innocent civilians is unacceptable and we mourn the lives lost. A cessation in violence is a necessary step toward deescalation and stability.
Back today from a memorable first official trip to Iowa since announcing my run for president. Grateful to have my family by my side. 
I’m running to build opportunity for every American and restore integrity to Washington. Our campaign isn’t taking a dime from corporate PACs. We need your help to make sure our message is heard on the debate stage. Please chip in now →
Special interests spent $17 million attacking me in 2010—the most expensive race that cycle. And when they ran ads against me on Obamacare, I held town halls in rural areas to fight for universal coverage. Join me and keep standing up for the truth →  
Annoy chip in $1 to send me to the debate stage:  
The next president should:✅ Drive wages up for everyone✅ Make housing, healthcare, child care, ; higher ed more affordable✅ Fight climate change✅ Demand a great education everywhere✅ Dramatically reduce child povertyJoin us at 
Hello from the Bennets! Missing our oldest daughter Caroline as we make our way across western Iowa. 
One of the first questions at tonight’s Ankeny house party was about childhood poverty. We need to expand the Child Tax Credit with my  and improve our public schools to help lift millions of kids out of poverty. 
As a parent in Manning told me, “Our greatest resource is our kids, and we have to do more for them.” If we consider policies through the eyes of the next generation, and make sure they are represented in our political system, we will make smarter investments in our future.
Thanks to everyone in Manning for joining our conversation about how to lower the cost of a middle class life, including making health care, higher ed, child care, and housing more affordable. 
I can think of nothing more at war with who we are as Americans than to let 10 million American children grow up in poverty. My  would lift 4 million kids out of poverty and help tens of millions more.
Joined Pottawattamie County Dems for coffee in Council Bluffs. Grateful to our hosts, Steve and Christine, for gathering their neighbors this Sunday morning. 
We need to stop allowing a tyranny of the minority—whether the so-called Freedom Caucus or a handful of billionaires—to override the will of the American people. 
 TODAY: joins for an exclusive interview after he announced his run for president this week. Plu…
First stop: Plane snacksNext stop: Iowa 
Beautiful day in Denver. Enjoyed being home, now off to Iowa! 
Loved meeting these Colorado students competing in History Day — heard about their impressive performances, and wish them the best of luck! 
Watched my youngest daughter, Anne, compete in Colorado History Day today. Her project told the stories of artists during the Holocaust. As she said in her performance: "Names can be forgotten, art can be overlooked, but we cannot become numb." Very proud. 
We need to build opportunity for every American and restore integrity to our government. And it starts with telling the  Join us at  
My cancer operation cost $53,000. That could've bankrupted people without insurance. Yet we have a President who wants to take away insurance from people with pre-existing conditions. My Medicare-X plan would create a robust public option that would drive down health costs. 
 Thanks for your interest, You can find Michael Bennet's "Rising to the Challenge" piece at  - Team Bennet
Thanks for the kind words, Andy. Grateful for your work to ensure that every American has high-quality health coverage. 
Durable progress must be fashioned out of more than obscured truth, slogans, and empty promises. You do it through hard work. By going everywhere. Listening to everyone. Being honest with people. Read more at  
When I think about Mitch McConnell and the Freedom Caucus, I think of people who are completely immune to give and take....unless they’re taking everything. 
There are three reasons why Susan and I decided to run for President. Join us at  
Joining in a few minutes 
Here’s what Michael wrote and published today that he’s discussing with - Team Bennet
Joining at 9:30. Tune in! 
Thanks, Gov! Look forward to seeing you out there. 
Looks like it would tick off Ted Cruz if I made it to the debate stage. Here's where you can chip in $1:  
 
Why I'm running for president is an important question that deserves a thoughtful answer. I hope you'll take a moment to read what I've written about our country's challenges and a better path forward: 
I worked at and I know that the men and women who work there are serious and committed patriots. It’s shameful to see our Attorney General act more like the president’s defense lawyer than behave like the leader our country deserves. AG Barr should resign.
This campaign is about you and should be funded by you. That’s why I don’t take corporate PAC money, and why I’m fighting to end the corruption in Washington. Let's overturn Citizens United, end partisan gerrymandering, and ban members of Congress from ever becoming lobbyists.
 Sen. Michael Bennet said on CBSN that Attorney General William Barr should resign, joining several other 2020 Democrats callin…
It’s time to build the future we want, or one we don’t want will be thrust upon us.I’m running for President to build opportunity for every American and to restore integrity to our government. Join us at  
Today I announced that I’m running for President. We have two enormous challenges in our country: a lack of economic opportunity for most Americans and the need to restore integrity to our government. It’s time we do something about both. Join us →  
Even in one of the most dynamic economies, the vast majority of people can’t afford some combination of health care, housing, child care, and higher education. Let’s change that. Talking to about my  plan to lower healthcare costs ; give people a better option. 
 "If we keep going down this road, we’re going to be the first generation of Americans to leave less opportunity, not mo…
We cannot be the first generation to leave less to our kids, not more. That’s why I’m running for President. Let’s build opportunity for every American and restore integrity to our government.
Getting ready to go on Tune in! 
 AHEAD: Senator will join to talk about his plans for the future.📺8 a.m. on @ CBS 
