If you care about clean water in Flint, how can you turn around and support fracking? We need to put an end to fracking across our country.
It is time to say enough is enough. It is time to end religious bigotry.
Puerto Rico — ¡Tu voto es tu voz! Si ya estás en el centro de votación, quédate ahí hasta que puedas votar. 
Puerto Rico — llegó tu turno de votar por nuestro movimiento. Lleva a tu familia y amigos y asegúrense de votar. 
Hermanas y hermanos en Puerto Rico: sus voces deben ser escuchadas hoy. Salgan a votar. 
 says Clinton is wrong on fracking: “She thinks we can ‘regulate’ it… she pushed fracking in other countries...”…
We can win with a high voter turnout. Have you voted early? Or made a plan to vote Tuesday June 7th? 
We can win with a high voter turn out. Have you voted early? Or made a plan to vote Tuesday June 7th?  
Have you made a plan to vote on Tuesday or did you vote early?  
When people have something to vote for rather than just against, progressives and Democrats win.
It's your turn, California. Make a plan to vote on Tuesday. 
Bernie has said it since day one: He can’t do this alone. Make a plan to vote in Tuesday's primary. 
Have you made a plan to vote on Tuesday? Or did you vote early?  
We cannot allow hatred and divisiveness to plague this country. Let's stand together on Tuesday. 
While California is in a drought, we are injecting 160K gallons of clean water for every fracked well.
 More than 13,500 at rally outside LA Coliseum. 
"I spent almost half of my life in prison. I was a dreamer. I was 17. My mustache had just grown in." – Chris Wilson
We must do all we can to provide a pathway to citizenship for the 11 million aspiring Americans living in the U.S.
We must protect children fleeing to the U.S. from violence in Central America, not use them to "send a message." 
  walking streets of Huntington Park. "There's an election on Tuesday. We need your help!" 
I applaud President Obama on his historic support for expanding Social Security. 
  campaigns in Los Angeles - LIVE at 6pm ET on C-SPAN  
 Bernie kicks off canvassing in LA, gives a huge shoutout to the vols who have made over 70 mil calls since Jan! 
We’re in the final stretch. Today’s the day to make sure you’re taking action:  
Progressives and Democrats win elections when people are energized, when they are prepared to stand up and fight to transform America.
 Every vote gets is vote for the progressive movement and makes that movement stronger.Winning CA would be hug…
My plan to expand Social Security would increase benefits by about $1,300 annually for seniors scraping by on less than $16,000 a year.
 Good luck in Tuesday's California Primary,  Volunteer:  
Our task this weekend is simple: call every single Bernie supporter we can and make sure they have a plan to vote:
Muhammad Ali was the greatest, not only an extraordinary athlete but a man of great courage and humanity.
 Presidential candidate will speak at the LAMC's Olympic Plaza tomorrow, June 4th.4 more info visit: 
Through an extraordinary grassroots movement we beat back the effort to cut Social Security. 
Bernie going for the full California experience at In-N-Out! 
Our job is to take on Wall Street, not take their money.
Join Bernie in San Francisco for a GOTV concert featuring special musical guests. RSVP here:  
Last week marked the one year anniversary of this campaign. Join us for a trip down memory lane.
 WATCH LIVE: Bernie Sanders to speak at rally in Fairfield  
Republicans hate the government – unless you’re a woman. Then they love the government dictating what you can do with your own body.
If you're doing everything right but find it harder and harder to get by, you're not alone.
 Sunday on  joins to discuss the state of the race ahead of Tuesday's contests. 
En una noche cualquiera, casi 565,000 personas no tienen hogar en Estados Unidos. Esa es una vergüenza nacional.
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities, including in the training academies and leadership.
The American people overwhelmingly tell us they want to expand Social Security. With your support, that’s exactly what we’re going to do.
Americans need a president who will think about their future 10, 15, 20 years down the line. Someone with judgement.
 New: Obama’s Call to Expand Social Security Shows Sanders’ Clout 
 I’ll be in Fairfield and Santa Rosa today, Viviana. Hope to see you there!
I have to say that I am delighted that Sec. Clinton month after month seems to be adopting more of the positions that we have advocated.
We must not allow our children to be poisoned by toxic drinking water just so a handful of fossil fuel companies can make even more profits.
 Sanders to offer Puerto Rico debt bill that would protect pensioners  
The last 5 years in California have been the driest on record forcing Modesto, CA to reduce its water consumption by more than 30 percent.
Desde 2007, Puerto Rico ha perdido casi 300,000 empleos, resultando en una reducción del 30% en su fuerza laboral.
What happens if we don't act boldly to combat climate change? The CIA says that a warming planet will increase international instability.
I will make it a priority that the United States lead the world in combatting climate change. That's what we need: leadership on this issue.
Call voters in California, New Jersey and New Mexico and help get Bernie supporters to the polls Tuesday! 
If we do not boldly transform our energy system, it will mean even more drought, and the last thing that California needs is more drought.
This is the story of Chris Wilson, and his path back into society.
Climate change is a global crisis. We've got to move in a bold way to transform our energy system. Live press conf.: 
Tuesday is our chance to tell the establishment that enough is enough.  if you want a  
This campaign is for working people who are sick ; tired of establishment politics.  if you’re with us.  
It’s your turn, California.  if you’re ready for a  
Climate change is real, it's caused by human activity and it's already causing devastating problems in the U.S. and around the world.
Whether from Silicon Valley or the Central Valley, you should have a shot at the American Dream.  if you agree. 
 Bernie Sanders propone ayuda de 10.800 millones y referéndum para Puerto Rico 
Unlike Donald Trump, Californians understand better than anyone that climate change is real because they see it with their own eyes.
When we talk about our responsibilities as human beings, there is nothing more important than leaving our planet healthy for our children.
While Congress has not been able to end the greed of Big Pharma, the people of CA can by voting for the California Drug Price Relief Act.
   
Since 1998, Big Pharma has spent more than $3 billion on lobbying. Over $1 billion more than the insurance industry which came in 2nd place.
Let me be as clear as I can be: if I am elected president we will work together on a nationwide ban on fracking. We must 
It’s laughable that Trump now says he’s going to turn the GOP into a “worker’s party.” How about you start by not trying to rip them off?
As president, I'd make sure everyone can get a college education regardless of income and I'd work hard to shut down these predatory scams.
Trump's latest scam demonstrates why we need free tuition at public universities. Higher education should be a right.
The state of Vermont was the first state to end fracking and if I have anything to say about it, we're gonna end it in the other 49 as well.
If Trump gave a damn about people who are working hard to get by, why would he found this fake scam university?
Ha llegado la hora de descolonizar a Puerto Rico
This month we celebrate the right to love one another regardless of gender and the fight for equality for LGBT people. Happy 
In the Senate, I worked with Sen. Boxer to end extraction of ALL fossil fuels on public lands. We cannot put California’s beaches at risk.
Offshore fracking has the potential to pollute the ocean with toxic fluid, hurt the environment, and harm our beaches. Unacceptable.
Hillary Clinton worked to export fracking throughout the world to reward companies like Chevron and Halliburton. That is unacceptable.
 LIVE: talks with Asian-American and Pacific Islander leaders in Palo Alto, CA  
California farmworkers are the backbone of US agriculture. Their work conditions ; pay must be improved. Agree? . 
CA farmworkers are the backbone of US agriculture. Their working conditions and pay must be improved. Agree? . 
Health care is a right, not a privilege.  if you agree. 
Education is a right, not a privilege. We should extend access to college for all.  if you agree. 
Voters, not big money interests, should decide elections.  if you agree we need to reform campaign finance laws. 
Scientists say climate change has made CA drought worse.  if you agree that we should listen to them. 
Sec. Clinton does not support a ban on fracking. Instead, she would simply impose a few more regulations on it. Not good enough.
If a bank is too big to fail, it’s too big to exist.  if you agree that we must reform Wall Street. 
Voters should decide elections, not big money interests.  if you’ll be voting Bernie for campaign finance reform. 
Making college tuition-free isn't a radical idea - they used to be in CA.  if you believe they should be again. 
Scientists say climate change has made CA drought worse.  if you believe we must choose people over polluters. 
We need to implement a nationwide ban on fracking – period. And, that’s exactly what I will fight for as president.
We need to put an end to fracking all over this country. Tune in to our press conference on fracking: 
If I am elected president we will work together on a nationwide ban on fracking.
Secretary Clinton and I have differences of opinion on many issues. In no area are our differences stronger than fracking.
When we pass Medicare for all, everyone will have the freedom to go to the doctor when they need to without worrying about going bankrupt.
Be the change you want to see. Make a plan to vote on Tuesday, June 7th. 
Have you voted in the California primary yet? 
We have crossed this country building our  California, now it's your time to join us. 
Are you a registered Democrat? Remember to  on Tuesday, June 7th! 
When people stand together, there is nothing that cannot be accomplished. California, join our movement. 
California, will you join our  
You know what was called “socialized medicine” in 1965? Medicare. Now widely regarded one of the best government programs ever established.
Have you voted in the California primary yet? 
Have you voted in the California primary yet? You can make a difference. 
Join Bernie tomorrow for a rally in Palo Alto, CA with guests Rep. Tulsi Gabbard and Emily Ratajkowski. RSVP here: 
 7 days until California votes! I'm at 2nd rally today in Monterey. It's a gorgeous night. Live here-htt…
These are people adding their contributions before today's final FEC deadline. Chip in:  
Be the change you want to see in the world. 
Be the change you want to see in the world. 
Be the change you want to see in the world. 
Be the change you want to see in the world. Join us. 
Be the change you want to see in the world. 
Be the change you want to see in the world.  s
It's time to make history, California. Tweet your support. 
I do think that we can fulfill the legacy of presidents F.D.R., Truman, and L.B.J. and guarantee health care for all people as a right.
Every day, the corporate-controlled media and the political establishment tell us: think small. Well, you know what? We're gonna think big.
It makes no sense to continue to spend far more per capita than do the people of any other nation on health care and get far worse outcomes.
How does it happen that the United States is the only major country on earth not to guarantee health care to all people as a right?
The Affordable Care Act, which I helped write, has done some good things. But even with those improvements, we have got to do more.
Today is one of the most important days of our campaign: the final FEC deadline of the primary. Will you chip in? 
 Getting ready for my AMA today at 11am! Come and join the conversation   
Today 60 million people are still uninsured or underinsured. Watch Bernie discuss our health care crisis LIVE here:
Last week marked the one year anniversary of this campaign. Join us for a trip down memory lane. 
We must enlist farmers as partners in promoting conservation and stewardship to keep our air and water clean and to combat climate change.
Last week, Golden State was down three games to one. Tonight, they finished off a great comeback in California. I like comebacks.
It’s coming down to the wire! Excited to see how this one ends. 
 Don’t miss tonight’s  with and music from 
The growing body of evidence tells us that fracking is a danger to our water supply – our most precious resource. 
It is unacceptable that the top 10% of farms collect 75% of farm subsidies, while the bottom 62% do not receive any subsidies.
 Bernie Sanders acabará con deportaciones que desgarran a nuestras familias  
The situation in Flint is a tragedy. All over this country our infrastructure is collapsing, including in the Central Valley here in CA.
We must never take lightly the decision to send our sons and daughters to battle, and it must always be the last resort.
Our men and women in uniform take an oath to defend our Constitution and many have made the ultimate sacrifice for it.
Today we honor all of the service members who sacrificed their lives for our great country. 
We must end inhumane deportation programs and racial profiling that have turned local law enforcement officials into immigration officers.
Private, for-profit detention centers are making record breaking profits every year locking people up and holding immigrants in detention.
We must not allow our children to be poisoned by toxic drinking water just so a handful of fossil fuel companies can make even more profits.
  dice que su candidatura es la mejor opción para enfrentarse a Trump 
California, every vote counts. It's time to take back our democracy from the political establishment on June 7.
We're within striking distance of a victory in California on June 7. Help us win by making calls to voters: 
While California is in a serious drought, we are injecting 160K gallons of clean water, on average, into the ground for every fracked well.
91 percent of the people who live within a quarter mile of an oil or gas well in Los Angeles are people of color.
Too many farmworkers today aren’t getting the work breaks they need and in some instances they're having their wages stolen by employers.
Looks like Bakersfield is ready for a political revolution!
If the American people become more engaged in the political process, there is no limit to what we can accomplish.
 Be Like Bernie: Sanders Looks To Spread His Political Wealth 
Special interest donors are many things – dummies they are not. They know exactly who and what they want to influence.
 ¡Vamos Al Punto! Comenzamos con la entrevista de con 
If we win California, it'll be because there is a large voter turnout. We are striking a nerve, and more people are getting involved.
I am blown away by the fact that since we began this campaign one year ago we have received over 8 million individual contributions.
Demanding that the wealthy and the powerful start paying their fair share of taxes – that’s exactly what the American people want.
There is no reason why women are making 79 cents on the dollar compared to men. Women want the whole damn dollar and they're right!
Sólo un candidato está dispuesto a defender a Puerto Rico y enfrentar a Wall Street.
 It appears this Santa Barbara rally remembered the candidate's wedding anniversary. 
Happy anniversary, 
We need to invest in help for people with substance abuse problems so that they end up in treatment, not prison.
 You can always count on for some  He's back for his 11th  appearance tonight @ 10! 
The fact of the matter is that senior citizens are struggling to pay for their medication while Big Pharma is making billions in profits.
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave this planet healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren.
Here's a radical idea: If you work 40 hours a week, you should not be living in poverty.
We need to elect leaders who share our values. Split a contribution with and our campaign: 
If you want a campaign that can defeat Trump and defeat him badly, we are that campaign.
 WATCH LIVE: holds a rally in San Pedro, California  
  discussed issues such as Student Debt ; more during 'A Social Conversation With Bernie'
When people stand together, there is nothing that cannot be accomplished. California, join our movement.
Our diversity is our greatest strength. Join our movement for a fairer America.
Real change never ever takes place from the top on down. It always takes place from the bottom on up.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
California, it’s a long way to Washington, but you can send them a message they can’t ignore.
Californians, you have a choice to make. Which direction do you want the Democratic Party to move in?
Add your name if you want to see a  on the major issues before California's primary on June 7. 
We need to end prisons for profit, which result in an over-incentive to arrest, jail and detain, in order to keep prison beds full.
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable.
The middle class should not be subsidizing the wealthiest family in America just because the Waltons are too cheap to pay a living wage!
If current trends continue, one in four black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is a tragedy.
America is not supposed to be a country where the top 1 percent owns almost as much as the bottom 99 percent.
We're taking the political revolution to Pomona, CA today. Doors open at 4:30 PM. RSVP here:  
 Why Bernie Sanders easily wins the policy debate! 
 Vermont Sen. speaks at campaign rally at Ventura College. WATCH LIVE: 
I am delighted that has agreed to debate. Let’s do it in the biggest stadium possible.
We have got to end corporate prisons and detention centers. It is a perverse incentive to make more money by locking up more Americans.
Tune in LIVE to a conversation with Bernie and happening now: 
 Tune in today at 10:30am PT / 1:30pm ET for A Social Conversation w/ ; 
 Bernie Sanders fundraises for progressive U.S. Senate candidate Russ Feingold ⏩  by  
Today I am proud to endorse my friend for U.S. Senate. Join me in supporting progressive Democrats: 
 Tune in today at 1:30p ET/10:30a PT for A Social Conversation w/ Don't miss out!  
Say you support preventing the worst effects of climate change through the Keep it in the Ground Act. Add your name: 
Our message to Wall Street is simple: you cannot have it all! This country belongs to all of us, not just the wealthy and special interests.
 Editorial:  breaks a  promise.  
Game on. I look forward to debating Donald Trump in California before the June 7 primary.
The California Drug Price Relief Act would lower prices for AIDS treatments. Let's stand up to Big Pharma.
 Just 1 of the many reasons why I  is 100% the real deal   
A rigged economy is when the top 1/10 of 1 percent owns as much as the bottom 90 percent.
Bernie just endorsed eight progressives for state legislatures across the country. Say you support them too: 
 New article I did w about ; the American political system.Go vote in upcoming primaries 
  is actually outpolling is multiple head-to-head match-ups with Donald Trump
Donald Trump and his friends should realize that their bigotry is the past, not the future.
A rigged economy is when the twenty wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom 150 million Americans.
Saddened to hear about the passing of our NH Steering Committee member Marcia Moody. Rest in peace. 
Partner with and me to fight climate change by supporting the Keep It in the Ground Act. 
Watch Bernie live at the Future to Believe in Rally in Cathedral City here:  
 If the Fed can bail out huge Wall Street banks, it can alleviate the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico. 
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs. We need to invest in infrastructure, not more war.
The struggle for equality continues today in America. I am proud to stand as an ally of the LGBT community.
 
It is insulting to the people of California that Sec. Clinton is not willing to debate and address the major crises that this country faces.
If we are truly serious about leaving a planet that is habitable for our grandchildren, we must 
Thousands have come out to our rally in San Bernardino tonight. Tune in LIVE here:  
Young people are figuring out that they are the future of this country, and they damn well want to help shape the future of this country.
 "I appreciate people saying Bernie Bernie Bernie ... It ain't Bernie Bernie Bernie. It's You You You." _
California, it’s a long way to Washington, but you can send a message they can’t ignore. Vote for Bernie on June 7.
Bernie is taking the political revolution to the Inland Empire. Tune in to Bernie LIVE in Riverside:  
 Thank you for endorsing my campaign for CA state senate!   
The political revolution isn't just the presidency. Say you support real progressives up and down the ballot:
The time is long overdue to ensure that all workers in this country have access to paid family leave, paid sick time and paid vacation time.
Virtually every poll taken in the last two months has me doing better against Trump than Hillary Clinton. 
I am endorsing eight progressive candidates for state legislatures across this country. Chip in to help elect them: 
We must think bigger and bolder to deliver the kind of social transformation we're all demanding.
What I saw at the US-Mexico border was the fact that you've got children on one side and their mothers on the other. That's wrong.
What I beg of you is to think big, not small. We can end the tragedy that is 29 million Americans living without health insurance.
When children come from war-torn countries in Central America, our job is to give them freedom and security here in the United States.
California – there isn't much time to register to vote for Bernie! Only a few hours left. Register here right now: 
 California voters have a few hours left! The deadline for CA Voter Registration is 11:59PM TONIGHT! 
I am disappointed but not surprised by Secretary Clinton’s unwillingness to debate before the largest primary. 
Only a FEW HOURS LEFT to register to vote for Bernie in California on June 7th! Register now: 
South Dakotans: you must be registered as a Democrat or independent TODAY to vote for Bernie! Register here: 
Tune in LIVE as Bernie takes the political revolution to East Los Angeles:  
If anyone thinks that Bernie alone will be able to take on the powerful interests, you are mistaken. We are in this together! 
  con deportados en la valla fronteriza, intensifica campaña en California  
Everybody knows that we are living in a competitive global economy. So why are we punishing our people for getting a college education?
California – to vote for Bernie on June 7th you must be registered by TODAY! Register right now: 
You are the reason that we are the best campaign to defeat Trump. It’s your energy, excitement, and grassroots activism making it possible.
An NPP vote-by-mail voter can also decide to re-register as a democrat. Learn more:  
NPP voters can vote-by-mail for Bernie, but it’s important to understand the steps! More:  
NPP voters can vote-by-mail for Bernie, but it’s important to understand the steps! More:  
No Party Preference voter? To vote for Bernie, you must request a Democratic ballot!  
Corporate media wants you to think small, to think that we cannot provide education and healthcare for all. I strongly disagree!
We're gonna tell the billionaire class that they are not gonna get more tax breaks while Americans struggle to buy bread for their families!
 When my kids ask, "Where were you daddy during the  I'll get to say I was standing next to
Too many Americans are worried about how they are going to pay for the gas to get to work. People are struggling. People are hurting.
Shop the limited edition poster collection at the Bernie Store today!
It is not good enough to talk about public education being kindergarten to 12th grade anymore. We need to make public colleges tuition-free.
California – if you want to vote for Bernie in June, you have to register by Tomorrow. Do it now:  
Together, we're going to end our current deportation policies. Our approach to immigration should be to unite families, not divide families.
We need representatives who know we cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. Support
We are in this together, brothers and sisters! 
When people don’t come out to vote, Republicans win. When people stand up and turn out to vote in large numbers, Democrats win.
  asks superdelegates to consider which candidate could best defeat Donald Trump.  
  endorses opponent of Rep. Wasserman Schultz and says if he is elected president he will not re-appoint her as…
 Sanders: "There’s something absurd when I get 46% of the delegates that come from real contests, real elections ; 7% of super…
  "what the Dem leadership has got to understand is that not all of my supporters go to these fancy fundraising…
Substance abuse – alcoholism or drug abuse – is not a criminal issue, it is a health issue. We must understand this as a nation.
Bernie at Friendship Park, a meeting place for separated families between the U.S. and Mexico. 
The fossil fuel industry tells us that we cannot move aggressively to combat climate change. But that is precisely what we will do.
We all agree that Donald Trump would be a disaster for this country. He must be defeated, and I am the strongest candidate to do that.
Democracy is not a complicated process. It is one person, one vote. Not billionaires buying elections.
As of today, we have now had victories in 20 states, and with your help on June 7, we’re gonna win New Mexico too! 
 This Sunday on  will interview on the upcoming primary contests and more. 
 LIVE NOW: campaigns in New Mexico  
Nearly all the polls agree: If you want a Democrat who's gonna defeat Trump in November, you're looking at him. 
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media. Join Connect.  
America needs a president who will stand up to the fossil fuel industry and tell them their profits are not more important than the planet.
Tuition-free public college is not a radical idea. It exists all over the world in places like Germany and Mexico.
Sólo el pueblo boricua tiene el derecho a decidir el futuro de Puerto Rico, no los multimillonarios de Wall Street. 
We must stop treating Puerto Rico like a colony and start treating the people of Puerto Rico with the respect and dignity that they deserve.
We cannot allow an unelected control board handpicked by Republicans to determine the fate of Puerto Rico! 
Nearly eight out of ten workers who can take time off under the Family and Medical Leave Act cannot do so because they can’t afford it.
Teachers are doing the most important work in America. They deserve to have recognition, respect and better pay.
The revolution starts by getting millions of people involved in our movement. Text your friends with our new app: 
The only way change takes place is when people come together, stand up and fight back to say that the status quo is unacceptable.
 We're highlighting how is powering the political revolution. Truly inspiring campaign! 
It's strange and undemocratic that 450 superdelegates backed Clinton even before we got into the race. ICYMI: 
We have got to tell corporate America that if they want us to buy their products, they damn well better manufacture them in America.
We need a living wage of $15 an hour, so that if you’re working 40 hours a week you are living with security and dignity.
Nationally, we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth. $80 billion a year locking up 2.2 million people.
If everyone who supports Bernie puts in an hour to call Californians, we'll have a huge impact. Sign up for a shift: 
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton’s Comments 
It's unacceptable that billionaire families can leave virtually all of their wealth to their families without paying a reasonable fair tax.
California – if you want to vote for the political revolution, you have gotta register by Monday. Do it right now: 
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick because politicians won't challenge the drug lobby.
Our country should be investing in jobs and education for our young people, not more jails and incarceration.
As president, I will end the subsidies that benefit fossil fuel companies. It is absurd to provide taxpayer money to pad the industry.
 Check out this Vallejo, CA crowd. People still filing in through the metal detectors. 
Tune in live to  California here: 
Thank you to my brothers and sisters at UNITE HERE! and SEIU in San Francisco for standing against corporate greed!
Kentucky, thank you for the tremendous support that led to last night's virtual tie! We are in this until the last ballot is counted.
  just stopped by the UNITE LIVE Local 2, janitors' union, SEIU Local 87 protest in downtown SF 
The new overtime rules are a good step forward for millions of workers who have gone too long without a raise.
Washington rescató a Goldman Sachs y a Wall St de su bancarrota. El Pueblo de Puerto Rico es más importante que ellos. Debemos actuar YA.
 WATCH LIVE: rallies California supporters 
I will be damned if we let the Republican Party win the working class.
I have been attacked for saying this, so let me say it again: I believe health care is a right, not a privilege.
A historic moment for the United States as the first openly-gay leader of any U.S. military service. Congratulations, Eric Fanning.
This is the beginning of the final push to win California. Make sure you're ready to vote for Bernie:  
I’ve said it since day one: I can’t do this alone. This campaign isn’t about me. This campaign is about us. 
The Democratic Party has to make an important decision and I say to them: Open the doors. Let the people in!
Oregon, together we are taking on virtually all of the Democratic establishment. Thank you for the strong victory! 
Tune in LIVE as we bring the political revolution to Southern California:  
We must stand with our LGBTQ brothers and sisters and end all forms of discrimination. It's simple: we are all in this together. 
En las últimas décadas ha habido una gran redistribución de riqueza en Estados Unidos. Desgraciadamente, ha sido en la dirección equivocada.
Oregon – the single most important thing you can do today is return your ballot. Find your drop box location: 
We need your help today to win in Oregon and Kentucky today! Make calls to voters now: 
We must recommit to fulfilling the promise of Brown and work to ensure that every child regardless of race has access to quality education.
That number was 2,762 in 1988. We must do more to ensure that our schools are racially and economically diverse. 
There are 6,727 highly-segregated schools in our nation, where one percent or less of the school population is white. 
ICYMI: How to provide Medicare for all
Kentucky — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote. 
Kentucky and Oregon – today is your day to make sure you've voted for our movement. Head to your polling location or drop box and vote.
 Sanders blasts 'vulture' hedge funds for demanding austerity measures on the island. 
 Critica en Puerto Rico a "fondos buitre".  
All over this country, Native Americans have suffered far too much, and for far too long. They deserve a voice.
Oregon – remember to return your ballot at the nearest drop box by 8 p.m. tomorrow.  
Oscar Lopez Rivera has served 34 years in prison for his commitment to Puerto Rico's independence. I say to President Obama: let him out.
Firma mi petición: La Reserva Federal debe poner al pueblo boricua por encima de los intereses de Wall Street: 
What vulture funds on Wall Street are demanding is that Puerto Rico fire teachers and cut pensions so that they can reap huge profits.
The future of Puerto Rico cannot be hijacked unjustly by vulture funds. Read my full remarks from San Juan here: 
 Thank you for reiterating the demand for Federal  to help PR!  
Children in Puerto Rico will not go hungry to make billionaires even wealthier. It is time for the Fed to act.
 Bernie in Puerto Rico: If the Federal Reserve could bail out Wall Street, it can help the 3.5 million American citizens…
 "Austerity will not solve this crisis." live in  right now 
Tune in for our San Juan, Puerto Rico town hall LIVE here.Estamos EN VIVO desde San Juan aquí: 
 Poll: Majority supports Sanders-like health care plan  | AP Photo 
We deserve better than to be ripped off by Big Pharma. I urge Clinton and Trump to join me and support Californians. 
We need to expand, not eliminate, the collective bargaining rights of all Americans. When unions are strong, the middle class is strong.
The extreme right wing has been waging a war to dismantle unions all over this country. That is a war they cannot be allowed to win.
Companies should not be allowed to make a profit by keeping more Americans behind bars. We must end the for-profit prison racket in America.
While Republicans and the Koch brothers may not like it, we are going to make it easier, not harder, for American workers to form a union.
 Polls: Bernie Sanders has more potential than Hillary Clinton to beat Trump  
To win this campaign, all of us must be deeply involved. Our movement needs people like you to help it succeed.
Americans living with HIV/AIDS should not live in fear of going bankrupt because of the outrageously high cost of their prescription drugs.
We must address the crisis of homelessness. If we could bail out Wall Street, we can make sure everyone has a safe and secure place to live.
Here's the problem with a rigged economy – We make it, they take it. 
Oregon – turn in your ballot for Bernie at the nearest dropbox by 8 p.m. on Tuesday, May 17.
  begins his train-side Kentucky rally by railing against Gov Matt Bevin and Sen Mitch McConnell. 
Watch Bernie challenge Mitch McConnell to support legislation to save pension funds for 90,000 retired coal miners.
Ask President Obama to use his executive authority to halt plans for raids and deportations of women and children: 
Debemos acabar con sentencias mínimas obligatorias. Demasiadas vidas han sido destruidas a causa de crímenes no-violentos.
Public college and university education in America must be tuition-free. We could do it 50 years ago, why the hell can't we do it today?
 
 and Bernie took a walk through Brooklyn, New York and talked about what it was like growing up there.
It is extremely sad that the United States, one of the oldest democracies, has one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country.
Oregon, have you returned your ballot? Click to find your drop box location:  
Turn in your ballots by 8 pm on Tuesday! Click to find your drop box location.  
It's immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care. Any health care plan must address that issue.
Brothers, we must stand with our sisters in the fight for pay equity.  
Oregon – turn in your ballot for Bernie at the nearest dropbox by 8 p.m. on Tuesday, May 17.
As president, I will change the rules to stop hedge fund managers from paying a lower tax rate than nurses.
Spills like this one aren't rare. That's why we need to ban offshore drilling and  
I've got some bad news for Trump: If I am the Democratic nominee, I'm going to defeat him, and I will defeat him by very large margins.
Nada me gustaría más que enfrentar y vencer a Donald Trump, alguien que jamás debe ser presidente de este país. 
We owe a great debt to the Native American community. If elected president we will keep those promises.
Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the time and opportunity to vote.
 Thank you for the wonderful rallies across South Dakota today! 
I urge to use his executive authority to protect families by extending Temporary Protective Status to those who fled Central America.
The truth is that no president alone can do what it takes to rebuild the middle class. We need a political revolution of millions of people.
 STOP deportations. PROTECT families who fled the violence in Central America. EXTEND Temporary Protective Status. 
Virtually every poll has us way ahead of Trump. If you want the strongest Democrat to beat him, that's Bernie.
Instead of gutting the ACA, we must expand on the improvements that it has made and guarantee health care for all.
At a time when over half of all older workers have no retirement savings, we’re going to expand Social Security.
It is not a radical idea to say that no person in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty.
We need to make public colleges and universities tuition-free and pay for that by imposing a speculation tax on Wall Street.
 Live Now:  holds a campaign rally in Billings, Montana  
Workers are telling us that they cannot make it by on $7, $10 or $12 an hour. We must raise the minimum wage to a living wage of $15.
Not only do we get a lot of the Democratic votes, we get a lot of the Independent votes. Our campaign is best suited to beat Donald Trump.
At a time of massive wealth and income inequality, the wealthiest people in this country are gonna start paying their fair share of taxes.
The California primary is just around the corner. Now's the time to register to vote or update your registration.
Oregon – you're in the voting period for the Democratic primary. Have you turned in your ballot for Bernie?
For months, Bernie has out-polled Hillary Clinton against Donald Trump, and often by extraordinarily large margins. 
We must break up too-big-to-fail banks, restore Glass-Steagall, and demand that Wall Street invests in the job-creating productive economy.
Thank you to the people of West Virginia for the tremendous victory they gave us today. 
We need to make sure that every worker in this country has at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave.
West Virginia: you still have time to go vote! Text WV to 82623 to find your voting location or visit 
 Sanders: Clinton’s Medicare Buy-In Proposal ‘Not Good Enough’ 
Polling continues to be clear: Bernie is the strongest candidate to beat Trump. 
The American people understand that bringing people together will always trump dividing us up.
West Virginia – the single most important thing you can do today is go vote!  
 BREAKING: endorses CA Drug Price Relief Act  
New Mexico – planning on voting for Bernie? Today is the last day to register as a Democrat. Check here to register: 
While Congress has failed to stand up to Big Pharma, the people of California can by supporting this initiative.
 I'm Pramila Jayapal, running for Congress in WA-07, and endorsed by Bernie Sanders. Ask Me Anything! 
It’s time to join every other major industrialized nation and create a universal health care system. 
Polls are open from 6:30 am to 7:30 pm.  if you're voting Bernie! 
Polls are open from 6:30 am to 7:40 pm.  if you're voting Bernie! 
If you have any questions or concerns about voting, please call our voter hotline: 304-400-6154 
Polls are open from 6:30 pm to 7:30 pm today. If you have any issues, please call our voter hotline: 304-400-6154 
Polls are open from 6:30 am to 7:40 pm.  if you're voting Bernie! 
If you have any questions or concerns about voting, please call our voter hotline: 304-400-6154 
Polls are open from 6:30 pm to 7:30 pm today. If you have any issues, please call our voter hotline: 304-400-6154 
As president, I will set a national goal of ending the HIV epidemic in the U.S. by the year 2025. Read my plan:
West Virginia — the polls are open and it's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go vote.
If you have any questions or concerns about voting, please call our voter hotline: 304-400-6154. 
Polls are open from 6:30 am to 7:30 pm.  if you're voting Bernie! 
Polls are open from 6:30 am to 7:30 pm today. If you have any issues, please call our voter hotline: 304-400-6154. 
 WATCH LIVE:  supporters are really getting into it at   
West Virginia: tomorrow is your turn to vote for the political revolution. Make a plan to get to your polling place: 
Looking forward to our rally tonight in Sacramento! See details and RSVP here:  
California – make sure you're registered as a Democrat or request a Democratic ballot to vote for Bernie on June 7!
Transgender discrimination has no place in the world. I will do all I can to overturn this outrageous law. 
Tune in tonight at 11:35pm EST to the 
New Mexico – TOMORROW is the last day to register as a Democrat to vote for the political revolution. Register here: 
West Virginia – send an unmistakable message tomorrow that our revolution demands more than incremental change. 
Thanks to and for stopping by our Los Angeles HQ to talk about Voter Registration!
Transitioning to a clean energy economy means ensuring that workers have what they need to succeed as well.
Tune in now to watch Bernie bring the political revolution to Atlantic City! 
We’re in the voting period for the Oregon Democratic Primary. Have you turned in your ballot? Have any questions? 
We need to make health care a right for every man, woman, and child through a Medicare-for-All health care system.
We need to expand collective bargaining rights and make it easier for workers across the country to form a union.
Workers who are able to collectively bargain for higher wages and benefits earn substantially more than non-union workers.
Happy Mother's Day to 
I know there is nervousness about Trump being president. Ain’t gonna happen. Join our campaign: 
Debemos acabar con las cárceles con fines de lucro. 
We have gotta ask the media if they think that as a nation, maybe the American people are entitled to hear real discussions on real issues.
Join me for a rally in New Jersey tomorrow. Make sure to RSVP online here:  
Some have touted NAFTA as a job creator recently. 850,000 jobs lost in the United States prove otherwise.
New Mexico: you must be registered to vote as a Democrat by Tuesday, May 10 to vote for Bernie. 
Un multimillonario paga la misma cantidad al Seguro Social que alguien que ganó $118,500 al año. Llegó el momento de cambiar eso.
People fought and died to make sure that all of us have a right to vote. Trump's remarks asking West Virginians not to vote are disgraceful.
We need to ensure access to quality affordable childcare for working families, especially for parents who work non-traditional hours.
If you want to stop Trump, vote Bernie. 
We must protect and defend the fundamental right of women to control their own bodies, including a woman’s right to have an abortion.
Our Women's Weekend of Action in California is coming up! Host a canvass in your neighborhood:  
How can you say you're going to stand up for working people when you’re courting Jeb Bush's right-wing donors? 
The sad reality is that we have thousands of people who die every year in this country because they can't afford to get to a doctor on time.
Norwegian Air International's attempt to undermine international labor laws is unacceptable.  
The American people are tired of a broken criminal justice system that enables us to have more people in jail than any country on earth.
 Tune in to MSNBC tonight at 9pmET to watch interview with 
We must rewrite the disastrous trade policies enabling corporate America to shut down plants in this country and move to low-wage countries.
Today, 29 million Americans remain without health insurance and even greater numbers are underinsured. We can and must do better.
 Thank you to all the  who inspire, empower ; change our world!  
At a time when every major country on earth guarantees health care to all their people, we should do the same in the United States.
At a time when we need the best-educated workforce in the world, we are going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free.
If we are serious about safe and clean drinking water and clean air, we need to phase out fracking nationwide. 
 The one and only...🔥  
We must pursue the fight for women’s rights, gay rights and disability rights until the promise of equality is fully realized in America.
 Why did the bury Bernie's victory under news of John Kasich? 
We must strengthen the role of unions and the voices of working people on the job. I urge VICE Canada workers to vote for a union voice.
 2,000 doctors say Bernie Sanders has the right approach to health care 
We've got to fight for trade agreements that protect the interests of American workers, not just large corporations. 
Esta elección no se trata tan sólo de elegir al próximo presidente. Es algo mucho más importante — se trata de transformar a Estados Unidos.
In this country, people should have the right to love each other regardless of their gender.
 is not just about this election, he's about the future!! 
We're showing the world that you can run a campaign without being dependent on powerful and wealthy special interests.
 2,000 doctors say Bernie Sanders has the right approach to health care 
  sanders visits mcdowell to discuss poverty, economic issues 
The American people are tired of working longer hours for lower wages and seeing almost all new income going to the top 1 percent.
Our Women's Weekend of Action in California is coming up! Host a canvass in your neighborhood:  
It is too late for establishment politics and establishment economics. This is not just a campaign slogan — it’s a reality for our country.
The average life expectancy for a woman in McDowell is 73. Just six hours away, it is 85 years. That's unacceptable and has got to change.
In America today, living in poverty means you are less likely to have access to a doctor, a dentist or a mental health care provider.
We have the highest childhood poverty rate of any major country on earth with almost 22 percent of American children living in poverty.
Far too often, poverty is a death sentence in America. Read my remarks on Poverty in West Virginia here: 
In the United States today, the wealthiest country in the history of the world, 47 million Americans are living in poverty.
 Read our full talk with 
It is our duty, as a country of immigrants, to embrace and protect our undocumented brothers and sisters.
Trump must be stopped, and we're the best campaign to beat him. I am confident I would win.
There is nothing I would like more than to take on and defeat Donald Trump, someone who must never become president of this country.
Together, we're the most powerful force for change in American politics today. Help us call voters in West Virginia:
It is no mystery why Monsanto fights against our right to know about GMOs in food – business is booming for this huge chemical company.
Our campaign is far from over. In fact, our revolution is just getting started. Chip in:  
We have received over 50,000 contributions in the last 12 hours. Add yours now:  
We won Indiana! Chip in to help us go into the convention w/the strongest hand possible:  
At a time when women workers earn 79 cents for every dollar a man earns, we need pay equity in our country.
Increasing the min. wage to $15 an hour would reduce spending on food stamps, public housing and other programs by over $7.6 billion a year.
Your contribution sends a powerful message that we will continue our fight for progressive values. Chip in $27: 
The political revolution wins in Indiana! Thank you. 
 "Vamos a crear un salario con el que se puede vivir", $15 la hora propone 
If the minimum wage had kept up with productivity and inflation since 1968, it would be more than $26 an hour today.
 I just signed this petition, your turn! tell the Clinton Campaign: transfer Victory Fund money to the state parties ht…
Tell the Clinton campaign: transfer "Victory Fund" money to state parties.
Indiana: you vote today! Text Indiana to 82623 to find your voting location or look it up at 
Raising the retirement age to 70 would reduce lifetime Social Security benefits by about 15% and do little to strengthen Social Security.
Social Security has a surplus of more than $2.8 trillion and can pay every single benefit owed to every eligible American for 18 years.
We need your help to do well today! Make calls to get voters out to the polls right now: 
Indiana — it's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote. Polls close at 6 PM.
California: you can VOTE EARLY for Bernie before the June 7th primary. Check your vote-by-mail registration status! 
We need to increase the wages of more than 53 million American workers by raising the minimum wage from a starvation wage to $15 an hour.
 Surprisingly, these panos only capture (maybe) 2/3 of crowd at rally in Downtown Indy  h…
Indiana – you vote tomorrow, May 3. Let's make it the biggest voter turnout in Indiana Democratic primary history. 
What this campaign is showing is that when people stand together we can take on the billionaire class and the candidates they fund.
Sick and tired of large corporations trying to cut social programs while they're shipping millions of jobs abroad.
"You cannot exploit a broken campaign finance system one day and vow to get big money out of politics the next.”
We live in the richest country on earth, but that means nothing to working families when much of that wealth is controlled by so few.
Esta es la verdad: la situación actual es pésima. Necesitamos un cambio transformador. Y no lo vamos a obtener dando pasos marginales.
 There is the grave problem of labour, because of the high rate of young adults unemployed, but also for the issue of the dign…
I want to make banking boring again. It shouldn't be about making as much profit as possible by gambling on esoteric financial products.
I want Wall Street to help kids in this country attend public colleges and universities tuition-free with a Wall Street speculation tax.
Banking should be about providing affordable loans to Americans who need to purchase homes and cars, not reckless gambling on Wall Street.
We must say to corporate America loud and clear: you can’t continue sending our jobs to China while millions are looking for work.
Bernie is in South Bend, Indiana for a rally. Tune in live here:  
Here's the reality: the status quo is not enough. We need real change. And we're not gonna get that by tinkering at the margins.
We’re less than 2 weeks away from primary day on Tuesday, May 10. Let us know you're committed to voting for Bernie!
We announced the beginning of this campaign a year ago. Tune in as we discuss our success and path forward: 
The working class of this country deserves to earn decent wages, decent benefits and not see their jobs go to low-wage countries. 
Fair wages and workers rights are at the heart of a just and moral economy, and something we should all strive for every day. Happy 
People shouldn't go without medication just because their elected officials aren’t willing to stand up to the drug industry lobby.
Last year, 35 million Americans could not get their prescriptions filled because they could not afford it.
There is something profoundly wrong when 58 percent of all new income since the Wall Street crash has gone to the top 1 percent.
We're working hard to win every possible vote and delegate for Bernie in Indiana. Can we count you in? 
We are sending a clear message to the billionaire class: you can’t continue to get huge tax breaks while children in this country go hungry.
Corporate greed is a scourge on this country, and it will take all of us standing up for justice in order to rein it in.
Today is a very important day for our political revolution. Chip in before our midnight FEC deadline here: 
United Technologies — a multi-billion dollar company – wants to move 2,100 American jobs abroad. Stand with workers: 
Together, we have become the largest grassroots campaign in the history of presidential politics. 
I want to thank United Local 1999 for endorsing my campaign for president. 
 Bernie Sanders announced his presidential candidacy a year ago today:  
 "Look around this state ; you see towns shattered, plants empty, and you can blame that on trade!"  
Oregon – let’s show the billionaire class that you are committed to winning Oregon for Bernie. 
Indiana – you vote for Bernie this Tuesday, May 3. Sign up for a reminder: 
Since the passage of NAFTA in 1994, Indiana has lost 113,000 good paying manufacturing jobs.
The question you’ve gotta ask yourselves at the polls is: are you gonna stand with the sick and the poor or Big Pharma and Wall Street?
The fracking industry admits what we already knew. Fracking hurts poor communities. We must ban fracking. 
Instead of giving tax breaks to millionaires, we are going to create an economy that works for all of us, not just the 1 percent.
As president and commander-in-chief, I will defend this nation, but I will do it responsibly.
 National Poll of Candidates: Has Highest Unfavorables with Latinos, While Has Lowest 
The Democratic Party has gotta make it clear that they will fight for automatic voter registration for everyone over 18.
Want to help Bernie win? Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Start here: 
What this campaign is about is whether we can mobilize our people to take back our government from a handful of billionaires.
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118,500 a year. Time for a change.
New Mexico: remember, you must be registered to vote as a Democrat by Tuesday, May 10 to vote for Bernie. 
Bernie is taking the stage at the Eugene, Oregon Future to Believe In Rally. Tune in live here: 
We don't go around hustling millionaires and billionaires for money. Never have. Never will. We count on you. 
Today we remember those we've lost to unsafe working conditions, and recommit to creating safe workplaces and empowering unions. 
29 million Americans still have no health insurance. A Medicare-for-all system would guarantee health care as a right.
We need a progressive income tax so we don’t have a situation where billionaires end up paying an effective tax rate lower than nurses.
This is a movement made of millions of people. This is not about Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump. This is about you.
This election is not just about electing a president. Far more significantly, it is about transforming America.
Bernie is about to take the stage at  at the Bloomington, Indiana rally. Tune in live here: 
In the last few decades there's been a massive redistribution of wealth in the U.S. Unfortunately, it has gone in the wrong direction.
We need to provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together.
We need to end minimum sentencing. Too many lives have been destroyed for non-violent crimes.
In many states, it is legal to fire someone for being gay or to deny someone housing for being transgender. That must change.
A college degree is the new high school diploma. An education should be available to all regardless of anyone’s economic situation.
Let me tell you something: there is nothing we've said in this campaign that is pie-in-the-sky or utopian. Nothing. 
Rhode Island: thank you for turning out and voting for our political revolution! 
PA, RI, CT, MD and DE: you still have time to go vote! Text FIND to 82623 for your voting location and go vote for Bernie.
Today, we are going to say loud and clear the billionaire class cannot have it all. Grab a friend and go vote! 
Go vote on this primary day to create a government of the people, by the people and for the people.
Voting for Bernie today in the PA, RI, CT, MD or DE primary today? Use  and share this image! 
If there is a large voter turnout, we will win. Can you call voters today and get them to the polls? 
Pennsylvania – go forward and tell the world you are going to lead this country into a political revolution. 
This is a people’s campaign. The most important thing you can do today if you live in PA, RI, CT, MD or DE is vote: 
It's immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care. Any health care plan must address that issue.
I'm motivated by a vision which exists in all the great religions: do to others what you would have them do to you.
PA, RI, CT, MD and DE: you vote today! Don't know where to vote for Bernie? Text FIND to 82623 for your location. 
Maryland, Connecticut, Delaware, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island — today we vote. Get to your voting location and join history in the making.
Maryland, Connecticut, Delaware, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island – you vote tomorrow! Make a plan to vote: 
I don’t believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty.
This is shameful. The model for media is six-second sound bites and an unwillingness to talk about real issues. 
The energy, intelligence and idealism of young Americans have been the greatest agents for change in this country.
When you're sick, you shouldn't have to worry about finding the money to go to a doctor.
 Sanders is changing how millennials think about politics, poll shows, via   
Polls will be open from 7 am to 8 pm.  if you're voting for Bernie! 
If you have any questions or concerns about voting, call our voter hotline: (215) 331-6473. 
First time voting in Pennsylvania? You may need to show ID, so don't forget to bring it! 
Will you be 18 by November 8? If so, you can vote in the primary!  to spread the word. 
If you're a first time voter in a federal election, you may have to show ID, so don't forget to bring it! 
Polls will be open from 6 am to 8 pm.  if you're voting for Bernie! 
Loudly and clearly, we must tell the Republicans: no, we will not cut Social Security benefits for seniors and disabled veterans.
If you have any questions or concerns about voting, call our voter hotline: (860) 270-0711. 
 It would make much more sense to finance universal preschool in Philadelphia by raising taxes on the wealthy. 
It should be the people on top who see an increase in their taxes, not the working people of Philadelphia. 
  hosts a town hall with TONIGHT at 8PM ET. Don't miss it!  
Unbelievably, and grotesquely, the top one-tenth of 1 percent owns nearly as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
If you have any questions or concerns about voting, call our voter hotline: (860) 270-0711. 
Polls will be open from 6 am to 8 pm.  if you're voting for Bernie! 
If you're a first time voter in a federal election, you may have to show ID, so don't forget to bring it! 
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street. Not us. Join our movement: 
Will you be 18 by November 8? If so, you can vote in the primary!  to spread the word. 
First time voting in Pennsylvania? You may need to show ID, so don't forget to bring it! 
If you have any questions or concerns about voting, call our voter hotline: (215) 331-6473. 
Polls will be open from 7 am to 8 pm.  if you're voting for Bernie! 
Brothers and sisters, we are going to change our national priorities. 
Diplomacy and doing everything we can to avoid a war is not weakness. It is intelligence. It is strength.
In 2015, McDonald's CEO saw his pay go up from $1.68 million to nearly $8 million. Yet 15 bucks an hour is too radical for his employees.
Today, the CEOs of the largest corporations in America make over 300 times what typical workers earn. That is not only wrong, it is immoral.
We need a revolution in how health care is provided in this country. We need a Medicare-for-all health care system.
Thanks to everyone who came out for our canvassing kickoff and conversation in Reading today! 
A win for NY, our planet, and our grandchildren. Safe fracking is like clean coal: pure fiction. 
 Bernie Sanders greets supporters on the streets of Providence, Rhode Island. 
It's clear to me that the time it is long overdue to shut down the Berks County Family Detention Center.
I thank the 35,000 members of the United Electrical Workers for their endorsement. 
Money is not free speech. Elections should not be auctions. In a democracy, we should have the right to elect people based on their ideas.
At a time when so few have so much, and so many have so little, we must reject the foundations of this economy as immoral and unsustainable.
The working class of this country deserves to earn decent wages, decent benefits, and not see their jobs go to low-wage countries.
Our youth are no longer satisfied with corrupt and broken politics and an economy of stark inequality and injustice.
Oregon – you've only got a few days to register to vote. I'm counting on you! Register here:  
Corporate greed is a scourge on this country, and it will take all of us standing up for justice in order to rein it in.
All of you are enormously powerful people if you choose to exercise the right to vote. 
 ‘Poverty is a death sentence,’ Sanders declares during Baltimore stop 
We need real credit score reform to make the banking and credit industries work for borrowers and not just lenders.
 WATCH: At Gettysburg, says Super PACs not what Lincoln would have envisioned: 
 WATCH LIVE: holds rally featuring Danny Glover and Ben Jealous  
Bernie visited the site where President Abraham Lincoln delivered his famous address in 1863.
Public college and university education in America must be tuition-free. We could do it 50 years ago, why the hell can't we do it today?
The sad reality is nearly 4 million American seniors may skip dinner tonight because they do not have enough money to buy food today.
 Bernie Sanders says it's "time to shut down" Pennsylvania family immigrant detention center  
Housing that is built with government subsidies should remain affordable permanently, not just 10 or 15 years.
On any given night, almost 565,000 people are homeless in the United States. This is a national disgrace.
We should recognize DREAMers for who they are – American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home.
The vice president is exactly right. 
Signing the Paris climate deal is an important step but not enough. We must take bold action to fight climate change and enact a carbon tax.
  makes point of visiting monuments to  troops at  Asks staff for a picture 
The gov't shouldn't be in the business of locking up families. Time to shut down the Berks Family Detention Center. 
Happy  Let's work together to leave a healthy, livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren.
Happy Passover to my sisters and brothers who celebrate!
Verizon wants to cut employees' health benefits, outsource jobs and not pay federal income tax. Support the workers:
This campaign is about having the courage to envision a nation in which we fulfill the potential we know we have. 
We are the wealthiest country in the history of the world. We can create a nation where health care is a right for all Americans.
Sec. Clinton and all candidates should not only commit to the idea of universal health care coverage, but show us a plan to get there.
The greed of the fossil fuel industry is literally destroying our planet and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed.
“I like the idea of saying, ‘We can do much more,’ because we can.” - Vice President 
Five states vote on Tuesday and we’re setting a huge goal to talk to as many voters as we can. Sign up for a shift:
I condemn Principal LaRaviere’s reassignment and call on Democrats around the country to stand up against Mayor Emanuel’s pettiness.
The only explanation for Chicago Principal Troy LaRaviere's removal appears to be Rahm Emanuel’s unhealthy obsession with taking revenge.
Smile! We're making a new ad and want to include videos of what makes this campaign historic: YOU! Submit yours: 
 and Bernie took a walk through Brooklyn, New York and talked about what it was like growing up there.
Connecticut – today is your last chance to register online to vote for Bernie. Please visit  to find out how.
 LIVE: holds "A Future to Believe in" town hall in Scranton, Pennsylvania  
Maryland – today is the last day to register and early vote in person. Please visit  to find your polling location.
We pay by far the highest price in the world for prescription drugs. That's just a fact. We are getting ripped off left and right.
Today we have cities and states across America who have made their minimum wage $15 an hour. We must make that national.
Climate change is a planetary crisis. We have to act now, and we have to act boldly.
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world, not one of the lowest.
The Bernie store helps fund our political revolution. Get your union-made-in-America merch: 
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy.
Nebraska took a big step in the right direction by abolishing civil forfeiture yesterday. I hope other states will begin to follow suit.
What we need today is a candidate who has the track record, the agenda and the guts to stand up to the billionaire class.
I cannot think of an American hero more deserving of this honor than Harriet Tubman.  
Thank you, United Steelworkers Local 1999 for your support. 
In the wealthiest country in the history of the world we can create an economy where nobody who works 40 hours a week lives in poverty.
 How Bernie Sanders inspired an art revolution 
Over the past decade, federal programs that build affordable housing have been decimated. Unacceptable.
Thank you to all those who came out tonight in New York! Onward to five more states voting next week.
 Polls are still open! If you're in line by 9pm STAY IN LINE. Bernie needs you. Hang in there.   ht…
Make a video telling us why you support Bernie, and submit it to be in our the next Bernie ad! 
 Polls close at 9 pm ET NY! Still have time!! Get out and vote! 
You still have time to get out and vote in New York! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information.  
One year after Freddie Gray was killed we still have no justice. The chants have only grown louder. It's time we ended police brutality.
New York, it's your turn to vote. Bring your friends and family. Questions or issues? Call our hotline. 
New York: you vote today. The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America. Make your voice heard. 
Voting for Bernie today in the NY  Use  and share this image! 
¿Votaste por Bernie hoy en la Primaria de NY? ¡Escribe  y comparte esta imagen! 
If we are serious about safe and clean drinking water and clean air, we need to phase out fracking nationwide. 
Now is the time to transform America. When people are united there is nothing, nothing, nothing that can stop us.
 This is a disgrace. Why are we making it so hard for people to participate in democracy?
New York — let's make it clear that the Empire State is part of the political revolution! Go vote. 
 Happy to find words following me while I canvass. Fight injustice everywhere.   
We need your help today to win New York! Make calls to New York voters now: 
Every single vote for Bernie is important. Vote Bernie Sanders today in New York!
 Good morning, New York! Don't throw away your shot to get out there and vote!
Help make sure Bernie supporters in New York get out to vote. 
Nueva York — ¡Es tu turno de votar por nuestro movimiento! Lleva a tu familia y amigos a votar. Las casillas cierran a las 9 PM.
New York, it’s Election Day. Polls are open until 9 pm tonight.  if you’re voting for Bernie. 
New York: you vote today! Text NY to 82623 to find your voting time and location or look it up at  
New York — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote. Polls close at 9 PM.
  is energizing people like never before. I want to be a part of that. 
These attacks continue a cycle of violence that must come to an end and those responsible must face justice.
I condemn the horrific terrorist attack in Jerusalem today. I send my deepest condolences to all of those wounded and their families.
Los actos de amor del Papa Francisco deben inspirar a los estadounidenses a escuchar su llamado y recibir de brazos abiertos a refugiados.
We must increase the minimum wage not only in the United States, but in Haiti and throughout the world. 
 50 yrs ago Dr. King was building a beloved community for social justice. I felt that spirit w tonight htt…
 Final New York rally for in Long Island City before voters head to polls tomorrow 
  addresses New York supporters in Long Island City:  
 A conversation between Residente and Bernie Sanders. Acá comparto la conversación que tuve con 
What you'll find in my tax returns is that I made less in one year as a U.S. Senator than Sec. Clinton did in one speech to Wall Street.
From Manhattan, to the Bronx, to Jackson Heights and through Astoria, Bernie's been meeting New Yorkers all day. 
  walking around in Queens. We hit 10,000 steps four hours ago.  
If we win in New York tomorrow, it’d be the most shocking upset in modern political history. Make a plan to vote. 
On Sunday, I visited Brownsville. I came away more determined than ever to address the affordable housing crisis.
Después de nuestra visita al Vaticano, el Papa Francisco viajó a Lesbos y nos mostró a todos el significado de la compasión.
 Original New Yorker talks with me about growing up in Brooklyn. Watch:  
 Bernie and I have long shared a commitment to justice. I couldn't feel prouder to support him as our next president. htt…
Let us stand in solidarity with the students at Columbia and NYU for demanding their schools divest from fossil fuels. 
 has used his celebrity clout in the fight for social justice. I thank him for his support.
I strongly oppose the proposed Constitution Pipeline that would carry fracked gas from Pennsylvania to New York.
If you have any issues when voting, or need more info, call our hotline: 347-379-4298.  to share with others! 
The president’s immigration actions are good first steps. The Supreme Court should allow DAPA to move forward. 
If you experience any problems when voting, or need more information, call 347-379-4298.  to share with others. 
New York, our voter hotline is now active. Call 347-379-4298 to get in touch.  to spread the word. 
For 30 years, GE dumped dangerous chemicals into the Hudson River. We must clean it up and hold GE accountable.
New York, find your polling place here:    to spread the word. 
New Yorkers, it's your chance to join our movement.  if you’re voting for Bernie. 
New York, find your polling place here:   to spread the word. 
New Yorkers, it's your chance to join our movement.  if you’re voting for Bernie. 
Together, we can end a corrupt campaign finance system.  if you believe it's time we do something about it. 
Health care is a right, not a privilege.  if you agree. 
If a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist.  if you agree. 
The climate crisis is the biggest challenge facing our planet.  if you believe more action is needed. 
"Bernie is a protester. He's not scared to go up against the criminal justice system." — Erica Garner
How does it happen that we are spending trillions of dollars fighting a war in Iraq but our water system in Flint is crumbling?
 has a message for you (And, yeah, it’s worth sticking around the five minutes ’til the end).
We owe a debt of gratitude to the Black Lives Matter movement for substantially raising consciousness. 
 "We can transform this country FOR ALL OF US -- FOR THE BETTER!"  📷 
 Thank you for touring housing in Brownsville. 
Whoa! 28,356 came out to Prospect Park, Brooklyn – our largest rally yet. Thank you! 
Thank you for your support!
Tune in to  live here: 
In the wealthiest country in the history of the world, people should not be forced to live in dilapidated housing. 
  tours public housing in Brownsville, Bklyn. Councilman Ritchie Torres says his visit is "historic." 
There is an affordable housing crisis in New York and all over America that we have got to address. 
We express our condolences and solidarity with the people of Ecuador and Japan as they recover from these devastating earthquakes.
 I thank for joining ; I on a tour of Howard Houses in  
 is a soulmate and a sounding board. I could not have embarked on this journey with anyone else.
 Man in Brooklyn Bridge Park: "It's a beautiful day!" "Let's make Tuesday a beautiful day too!" 
I had the opportunity to meet with Pope Francis. It was a real honor for my wife and I to spend some time with him.
We set a very audacious goal for this weekend: 2 million calls into New York. Can you help call voters today? 
We need to raise the minimum wage to 15 bucks an hour. Not just in one or two cities, but across the country. 
 Come and say aloha today at our  town hall TODAY in    
It is extremely sad that the United States, one of the oldest democracies, has one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country.
New York voters go to the polls on Tuesday. Can we count on your help to call voters for an hour this weekend?
  stops by a NYC art gallery to view installations depicting himself and his political revolution. 
Medicare for all means no more copays, no more deductibles and no more fighting with insurance companies when they fail to pay for charges.
We want you to be part of the next Bernie ad! Make a video about why you're voting for Bernie and submit it here: 
 Lots of young peeps volunteering for today. NY primary is Tuesday, April 19th!  
New Report: Clinton Raising Money From Lobbyists That Have Represented Walmart, Fossil Fuel Firms And Wall Street
 EXCLUSIVA: le explica a qué hacer con la deuda de Puerto Rico:  
Pope Francis' acts of love should inspire us as Americans and we should heed his call to welcome refugees with open arms.
 Montgomery County Feels The Bern! 
After we left the Vatican this morning, Pope Francis visited Lesbos and showed us all what compassion looks like.
New York: it's our time again to build a future to believe in.
We can win New York, but we’ll need a strong grassroots effort. Let’s reach 2 million calls and  
  visita al Papa y agradece su mensaje de moralidad y justicia económica  
We shouldn't cut the GI bill. Our veterans earned and deserve those benefits.  
Taking care of our veterans is a cost of war, and we must firmly reject the latest efforts to cut benefits for veterans. 
 Join our veterans and their families, and call on Congress to take action and   
Pope Francis and Sen. Bernie Sanders met at the Vatican on Saturday. 
Health care costs are out of control. Medicare for all will go a long way toward getting health care spending under control.
Innovation and business success should be rewarded. But greed for the sake of greed is not something that public policy should support.
New York – you vote on TUESDAY, April 19. Make sure you have a plan. Text NY to 82623 for your polling location. 
We should be encouraging young people to get involved in politics, not disparaging them. This seems to be a pattern. 
Puerto Rico — ¡tienes hasta mañana sábado 16 de abril para registrarte para votar por Bernie! Más info: 
Puerto Rico – you must be registered to vote by TOMORROW, Saturday, April 16 to vote for Bernie! More info: 
Some believe it's ok to take $200,000 an hour from Wall Street, but $15 an hour for all Americans is too much.
Indiana – you can early vote for Bernie today through May 2. Check here for details: 
We’re all in this together. 
I annotated a speech by Pope Francis. Here are the ways his words show the values we have in common.
The Urgency of a Moral Economy: Reflections on the 25th Anniversary of Centesimus Annus
 Senator on The Urgency of a Moral Economy: Reflections on the 25th Anniversary of  
If we wake up the American people, if we stand up and fight back, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish. New York, vote on April 19!
With your help, we're going to take back our democracy and demand that the government work for us all. 
Millions of people must stand up, fight back and create a government that works for all of us. New York – go vote on Tuesday. Thank you.
Abortion is not an issue where Bernie is willing to compromise.  
Campaign money from maxed-out wealthy contributors:Hillary Clinton – 51%Bernie Sanders – 3%
$27 a contribution. Not dependent on Wall Street or Big Money. THAT IS A PEOPLE’S CAMPAIGN.  
Bernie Sanders outperforms Hillary Clinton in every major poll when tested against Donald Trump. Now that's electability.
Public colleges and universities tuition free? Damn right.
 this segment, please.
Are you watching the  We only have 5 days left to  Join us: 
We should be concerned when innocents are killed anywhere in the world. That includes BOTH Israel and Palestine, not just one or the other.
If we are going to achieve peace, we are going to have to treat the Palestinian people with respect and dignity. 
"I think we did a great deal to help the Libyan people." – Just wanted that one on the record.
Q: Do you support a tax on carbon?Hillary Clinton: ...
Gas lobbyists aren't bundling money for to get her on their side. They donate to her because she is already on their side.
 Said this in 2012 about tax returns, I'll say it today: should release the Wall Street tra…
Hillary Clinton's plan to address climate change does not go far enough. We need bold changes, not just small steps. 
Hillary Clinton supports fracking. Bernie does not. 
While was campaigning for mass incarceration in the crime bill, Bernie spoke against it:  
 sec. clinton says we need to stand up to the gun lobby. does that mean standing with them at a high-$ fundraiser? 
You can either be for a $15 an hour federal minimum wage or against it. It can’t be both, 
Millions of people are standing up, $12 is not enough.  Let's raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. 
Bernie has released all of the speeches he gave to Wall Street. There were none. Hillary’s been “looking into it” for 70 days. 
No joke. This is an excerpt from Hillary Clinton’s speech telling Wall Street to “cut it out.” Watch: 
If there's nothing bad in Hillary Clinton's Wall Street speeches, why not just  
When millions of Americans lost their jobs because of Wall Street’s greed, Hillary Clinton sided with Wall Street and bailed them out.
You can’t stand and fight for working families and the middle class if you're dependent upon big-money interests. 
Does believe money has no influence in politics? Seems to contradict her issues page here: 
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money. Plain and simple.
Tune in to the the CNN Brooklyn  right now and watch Bernie campaign like a  
 backing Bernie: “we need a wholesale rethinking of how our economy and our politics work.” Agree? . 
Endorsing Bernie, called him a “determined leader.” Sen. Merkley stands with Bernie.  if you do too. 
 supports Bernie. Do you? Read his op-ed in the   
 supports Bernie. Do you? Read his op-ed in the  
This country belongs to all of us, not just the billionaire class. And that’s what this campaign is all about. 
Bernie Sanders is challenging the power of big money and fighting to make America work for the rest of us. 
New York – the entire country will be watching as the results come in on Tuesday. Commit to vote for Bernie today: 
 is right: The struggle for our rights isn't the struggle of a day, it's the struggle of a lifetime.
Sanders campaign partners in Arizona voter access lawsuit. Full statement: 
Nothing will change until we elect candidates who reject Wall Street money.
We are the only advanced economy that doesn’t guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave, paid sick leave or paid vacation time.
48 hours. 15,000 volunteers. 2 million calls. This weekend we’re going to  Join us: 
Our economy works for Wall Street because it's rigged by Wall Street. That's the problem.
Bernie is the only candidate for president that opposes fracking, which endangers our drinking water. Learn more.
Bernie is the only candidate for president that opposes fracking, which endangers our drinking water. Learn more.
This campaign is about building on these successes so that everyone in this country can enjoy the dignity of a living wage. 
We’re making progress in Seattle, Los Angeles, San Francisco, California, New York and Oregon.
But a grassroots movement led by millions of working people refused to take “no” for an answer.
Not too long ago, the establishment told us that a $15 minimum wage was unrealistic or “pie-in-the-sky.”
I applaud the workers who are today demanding $15 an hour and a union. 
 BREAKING: federal contract workers strike!   
Democratic socialism means that we create a government that works for all of us, not just powerful special interests.
Dr. Song's comment was inappropriate and insensitive. There's no room for language like that in our political discourse.
It’s me, Bernie ‘Brooklyn Born’ Sanders and guess what I have New York values.   
 We're all in this together.   
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the marketplace pay the taxes they should.
Thank you to the more than 27,000 New Yorkers who came out tonight to join our political revolution. Unbelievable. 
"Jane and I left New York City when we were kids and it's great to be back!" - Bernie 
 "We have to wake up on April 19th ; hold our heads high. We know, if you make it in NY, you make it anywhere!"
“The cause is right and the time is NOW.” - 
Watch live as thousands come out to New York’s Washington Square Park for Bernie:  
  rally starts with field director calling on volunteers to door knock this weekend 
 Bernie Sanders: Hillary Clinton supports and continues "to support fracking."  
This momentum is incredible – but imagine what our momentum can be if we win New York's primary. Make a plan: 
 1 in 5 profitable U.S. corporations pays no federal taxes, according to a study requested 
Polls are open until 9 pm on Election Day in New York.  if you are voting for Bernie on April 19. 
  joins us! 11:30/10:30c.  
Polls are open until 9 pm on Election Day in New York.  if you are voting for Bernie on April 18. 
If we stand up and fight back, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish. New York, vote on April 19! 
Polls are open until 9 pm on Election Day in New York.  if you are voting on April 19. 
It is wrong to burden our young people with a mountain of debt.  if you believe college should be tuition-free. 
We need strong progressives in Congress like and Help us elect them: 
It's wrong to burden our young people with a mountain of debt.  if you’re in college and voting for Bernie. 
You can only vote in New York if you are a registered Democrat.  to spread the word. 
Polls are open until 9 pm on Election Day in New York.  if you are voting on April 18. 
Thank you to those on strike today. You're standing up for justice not just for Verizon workers but for millions who don’t have a union.
What I care about is that they stop destroying the jobs of their employees and start investing in cities like Buffalo and Baltimore.
I don’t want the support of McAdam, Immelt and their friends in the billionaire class. I welcome their contempt. 
  is no stranger to picket lines. He joined Verizon workers back in 2003, too 
Some politicians send press releases. Bernie shows up on the picket line.  
 Thank you for standing w/ workers!   
 TWU Local 100 feels the Bern, endorses Bernie Sanders for President. 
 Jeff Merkley, senator from Oregon, explains why he's endorsing colleague in an op-ed for the NYT: 
Today three out of the four largest banks in this country are larger than when we bailed them out because they were too big to fail.
Roosevelt battled his era’s elite. He called them “economic royalists.” Bernie calls them the “billionaire class.”
As president, I will continue to fight to protect tribal lands from companies who put profits over people.
How does it happen that every major country on earth guarantees health care to all of their people as a right except the United States?
You can’t stand and fight for working families and the middle class if you are dependent upon big-money interests. 
It is vital for our nation that we support women and mothers by demanding equal pay for equal work.  if you agree. 
Equal pay for equal work is not a radical idea.  if you agree.  
 is not celebrating equal pay as the present reality. It is highlighting the need to make it a reality. 
We need to adopt fair trade policies which not only raise wages in this country, but lift living standards throughout the world.
 ✌️✌️  
Making women travel hundreds of miles, wait weeks for an appointment and face harassment at the clinic door is a national disgrace.
For the past 40 years, the extreme right-wing has made it more and more difficult for women to access abortion care. That is unacceptable.
Goldman Sachs executives shouldn't be getting tax breaks for defrauding the American people. They should be in jail. 
 WATCH LIVE: Rosario Dawson speaks at campaign rally in Syracuse, NY  
I opposed the Keystone pipeline from the start because it was a no brainer. Evolving is not good enough. We need leadership.
With a week until the New York primary, I need your help to win this election and reclaim our democracy. 
Goldman Sachs just acknowledged to the whole world that the financial system is based on fraud.
 Climate leaders don't frack. As president, will ban fracking? 
African-American women earn just 60 cents for every dollar a white male earns. The figure for Latina women is just 55 cents. 
The pay disparity is even worse for women of color who face a pay gulf, not a gap. 
Why is it that women are going to work and earning 79 cents on the dollar compared to men? Shameful. We need pay equity. 
 Bernie Sanders: "We need to put an end to fracking…all over this country."  
Young people all over this country are demanding their voice be heard in determining the future of this country. That's democracy!
Glad to see California show us that we can live in a country where everyone has access to paid family leave. 
 A jammed packed arena awaits at SUNY Buffalo. 
Americans understand that our gov't is dominated by big money. Glad to see people taking action to restore democracy. 
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy. 
The New York primary is just 8 days away. Make sure you have a plan to get there and make your voice heard: 
It’s wrong to think we can frack our way out of the climate crisis. Natural gas isn’t a "bridge fuel,” it’s a fossil fuel.
Fracking pollutes water, degrades air quality and worsens climate change. No amount of regulation can make it safe.
It is time to take marijuana off the federal list of controlled substances and let states decide. Sign if you agree: 
Right now, under the Federal Controlled Substance Act, marijuana is a schedule one drug alongside heroin. That's pretty crazy.
We're spending $80 billion a year locking up people, and nobody thinks that that makes sense. Sign if you agree: 
Corporations should not be making profits by imprisoning our sons and daughters. We must put an end to the private prison racket in America.
People should be rewarded for getting an education, not punished with student debt of $50,000, $100,000 or more.
Right now we have a fundamentally corrupt energy policy. It is rigged to boost the profits of big oil at the expense of average Americans.
I want to move to public funding of elections so anyone can run for office without having to beg for money from the wealthy and powerful.
ICYMI: Bernie and the Big Banks — former Secretary of Labor
New York, let's make a little bit of history. Make a plan to vote on Tuesday, April 19: 
 Bernie Sanders gana a Clinton en los caucus demócratas de Wyoming  
Transitioning toward a completely clean energy system is possible and affordable, and will create millions of good jobs.
 The scene at Bernie Sanders' afternoon rally at Coney Island. 
Climate change is an economic, public health, national security and environmental problem. It is every kind of issue at once.
As president, I'll ban fossil fuels lobbyists from working in the White House. Climate change skepticism has no place in the Oval Office.
  Wyoming is the 8th victory that we have won in the last 9 contests.
"Welfare reform was an intentional effort to curb financial assistance to poor people..." 
It's clear that the "war on drugs" was a miserable failure that we must bring to an end.
Thank you for your support 
We know that "tough on crime" policies have failed. Millions of lives have been destroyed and we now live in the most incarcerated nation.
 "are you prepared to expand benefits for millions of seniors and disabled veterans who need it?" -- 
We appreciate and thank the people of Wyoming so much for their support! 
Watch our new ad featuring footage shot by the people powering this movement: you. 
Nowhere is the dearth of affordable housing more on display than in New York. We need to do more to address this housing crisis.
"Virtually every American between 18 and 24 is paying a price for mass incarceration." - 
 Bernie provides the best plan for Puerto Rico   
15 dollars an hour everywhere. 
We can’t properly reform our broken criminal justice system without ending the death penalty.
Wyoming — we've won seven out of the last eight caucuses. With your help today, we are going to win here in Wyoming. 
If we stand up and fight back, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish. Wyoming, let’s caucus! 
We need an economy and democracy that works for all and not just the powerful few. 
Wyoming: today you caucus. Get to your caucus location by 9am. If there's a large turnout, we can win. Join history in the making. 
 "We have record numbers of teachers packing backpacks of food for children on Fridays" 
  highlights New York roots at Greenpoint, Brooklyn rally in frigid weather  
That's just a "single issue" where and I differ.
In my view, we need to repeal the 1996 welfare reform provisions and expand, not weaken, the social safety net.
In 2008, said that “welfare should not be an anti-poverty program.” I disagree.
This legislation has weakened the social safety net and increased extreme poverty. That is unacceptable.
This legislation gave Republican governors like Scott Walker the responsibility to provide a safety net for families in need.
In 1994, welfare provided a vital safety net to more than 14 million Americans. Today, it only helps 4.4 million.
Families LIVING IN POVEY receiving cash benefits:1996: 68%2014: Only 23%
From 1996 to 2011, households living in EXTREME poverty increased 182% for African Americans; 132% for Hispanics; 109% for White Americans.
The number of children in extreme poverty has skyrocketed from 1.4 million to 3.5 million.
It established strict work requirements for receiving benefits and severely limited access to benefits for undocumented people.
Since this legislation was signed into law, families living in extreme poverty have more than doubled from 636,000 to 1.65 million.
It turns out that the welfare reform bill has been an absolute disaster.
Unfortunately, supported this bill calling it “a critical first step to reforming our nation’s welfare system.”
I called that bill “an assault on the poor, women and children, minorities, and immigrants.” I believed that then and I believe that now.
One of the biggest differences between the Clintons and myself in this campaign is our view on welfare reform.
It wasn't Governor Cuomo who had the idea to raise the minimum wage. It was the people telling him what to do. That's how change happens.
We’re in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. Tune in live to our rally here:   
  takes stage in Greenpoint. "One person, one vote, not about the millionaires and billionaires..." 
When Americans begin to stand up to Wall Street and the billionaire class, Congress is going to have to start paying attention.
Bernie’s back in Brooklyn. Watch live here:   
  takes the stage in Flatbush, to chants of "welcome home, Bernie!" 
Doors open at 9 am for tomorrow’s caucus and you MUST be in line by 11 am.  if you’re caucusing for Bernie. 
Doors open at 9am for tomorrow’s caucus and you MUST be in line by 11am.  if you’re caucusing for Bernie. 
If you’re 17, but will be 18 by November 8 2016, you can caucus in Wyoming!  to spread the word. 
The problems facing this country now are so serious, are so deep, that the same-old, same-old establishment politics ain't going to do it.
It is a national embarrassment that some American politicians refuse to recognize the reality of climate change.
 We’re about to  Sen. joins the ladies NEXT!   
Low-income communities will bear the most severe consequences of our nation's dependence on fossil fuels. We've gotta get our act together.
Join Bernie and at our Greenpoint Rally today at 3 PM in Brooklyn. RSVP here:  
Bernie is in Brooklyn today! Join us for our Flatbush Rally with at 1 PM! RSVP:  
 TODAY:  1pm Flatbush: 3pm Greenpoint:   
 "I will fight as hard as I can for pay equity for women"  
  on $15 min. wage: When an idea catches fire, when people see justice, it moves very, very quickly 
 NEW: invited to speak at the Vatican: 'I am a big, big fan of the Pope' 
 Coming up at 8am on town hall with live on the plaza. Ask questions with  
 Who's feeling the Bern??? This guy! Unite!  
I have voted against and led the opposition to every one of these disastrous trade agreements. 
You’re looking at the guy who’s not just talking the talk when it comes to campaign finance – I am walking the walk.
 Join Senator and special guests at 8:00pm ET!1-877-229-8493Code: 114593Online: 
As president, I would formally apologize for our country's deplorable practice of slavery.
"We have a broken and immoral healthcare system where 29 million people remain uninsured." — 
 TONIGHT on CBS Evening News: sits down with for a one-on-one interview 
 Tomorrow on TODAY joins us for a live town hall on the plaza. Send in your questions w/  
As a father of four and a grandfather of seven, I care about leaving a healthy, livable planet for all of our kids and grandchildren.
If we stand together united, we win.  if you’re caucusing for Bernie on Saturday. 
Your voice matters.  if you’re caucusing for Bernie. 
This is not an ordinary political campaign. This is a movement that is fighting for you. 
 if you agree with polls showing only we can convincingly beat Donald Trump in Nov. More:  
If Democrats want to win the general election, frankly, I think I’m the stronger candidate. 
 if you agree with the many polls that show that only we can convincingly beat Donald Trump in November. 
Climate change is the single greatest threat facing our planet.
While the political establishment wants to win elections their way, we're doing it differently.
I don't go to unions and then leave to go to Wall Street fundraisers. Unions are my family. I have worked with them for my entire life.
 "I grew up in this movement, you are my family."  
Millions of people are working incredible hours – some with two or three jobs – just trying to care for themselves and their families.
 “I believe is a protester. He’s not scared.” — Erica Garner
What Republicans are saying, very loudly and clearly, is that no woman in this country, has the right to control her own body. I disagree.
The Affordable Care Act, which I voted for and helped write, is a step forward for this country. But we must build on it and go further.
29 million Americans have no health insurance and even more are underinsured with high co-payments and deductibles. That's an embarrassment.
Democratic socialism means that we must reform a political system in America today, which is not only grossly unfair but also corrupt.
  stops by CWA protest in downtown Philly 
Only one Democratic candidate takes gun lobby money to fund her campaign. 
We must fundamentally re-write our trade policies and rebuild factories that were closed as a result of bad trade deals.
Our job cannot be to cut Social Security. Our job must be to expand it so that every American can retire with dignity and respect.
We can live in a nation where every person, no matter their sexual orientation, realizes the full promise of equality.
New parents shouldn't be forced to go back to work immediately because they can't afford to stay home to take care of their baby.
Corporate greed needs to end. They're taking advantage of the benefits of America, yet refuse to accept their responsibilities as Americans.
Congratulations to the UConn Huskies for winning another women's NCAA National Basketball Championship.
The corporate media and establishment keep counting us out, but we keep winning by large margins. Keep us going: 
Tune in to Bernie’s remarks live from Laramie here: 
 Wisconsinites, thank you for supporting progressive values. Stay in line to make your voice heard. Every vote matters. 
Wisconsin, today you sent a strong message: when we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish. Thank you! 
Your voice matters. Say in line and vote, Wisconsin.  
 Also in ABC prelim exit poll data - 2X as many Dem voters said theyre excited abt what Sanders would do in office as sa…
Wisconsin: It’s not too late to go out and vote for Bernie. Text VOTE to 82623 for your polling location. 
If there is a large voter turnout, we will win. Can you call voters today and get them to the polls? 
We should be working to end discrimination in all forms. This law is a deplorable step in the wrong direction. 
Wisconsin — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote. Polls close at 8 PM.
✔️ Doesn’t actually support $15 federal minimum wage.
 The first four years of a child's life are the most important and formative. We need to invest in quality child care.
Puerto Rico debe recibir el tiempo necesario para reestructurar su deuda y hacer crecer su economía de forma justa. 
Wisconsin — don't know where to vote for Bernie today? Head to  for your polling location. 
Wisconsinites, remember your ID when you go to vote today!  to spread the word. 
Polls will be open until 8 pm today. Remember to bring your ID!  to share. 
Wisconsin, get in line to vote by 8 pm today.  to get the word out. 
Maryland: the deadline to register to vote is today! Visit  to find out how to join the political revolution.
Wisconsin, get in line to vote by 8 pm today.  to get the word out. 
Polls will be open until 8 pm today. Remember to bring your ID!  to share. 
Polls will be open until 8pm today. Remember to bring your ID!  to share. 
Wisconsin, get in line to vote by 8pm today.  to get the word out. 
Wisconsinites, remember your ID when you go to vote today!  to spread the word. 
Polls will be open until 8pm today. Remember to bring your ID!  to share 
Polls will be open until 8pm today. Remember to bring your ID!  to share.  
 LIVE NOW: interviews ahead of today's Wisconsin primary. Tune in to to watch! 
We need your help today to win Wisconsin! Make calls to WI voters now: 
Let's send a strong message today, Wisconsin. Get involved and make change happen. Go vote.
Congratulations to the Villanova Wildcats for winning the men's NCAA National Basketball Championship.
Wisconsin — today we have an opportunity to move our revolution forward. Grab a friend or family member and vote for real change. 
"The major media don’t know how to report on movements." —
Making the American taxpayer pick up BP's bill for cleaning the disastrous Deepwater Horizon spill is an outrage. 
A victory for workers fighting for collective bargaining rights at Trump's Vegas hotel. Unions make America great.
 is right: the owners of this country want you to give up. I'm asking you not to give up. Get involved.
Martin Luther King, Jr. was one of the great leaders of our history. We must continue his fight for civil rights and racial justice.
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable.
As president, I will proudly stand with working families and fight for a $15 an hour federal minimum wage.
Not too long ago, they told us that a $15 min wage was unrealistic. Some said it was ‘pie-in-the-sky.’ NY and CA are just the tipping point.
Our next president must work day and night to stop reckless Wall St gambling from hurting Main St.  if you agree. 
  calls for shutting down New York nuclear power plant:  
We must get big money out of our politics if we are to protect American democracy. Agree? . 
Our next President must work day and night to stop reckless Wall St gambling from hurting Main St.  if you agree. 
In a free and fair nation health care should be accessible to all.  if you agree health care is a right. 
It is wrong to burden our young people with a mountain of debt.  if you believe college should be tuition-free. 
A $15 minimum wage is not a radical idea. In America, we should not have people living in poverty. Agree? . 
We must protect the earth for future generations to enjoy. This means we must take action now.  if you agree. 
 UW professor makes the case for free college plan.  
Today, the Supreme Court helped ensure the equality of one person, one vote. Now, we must continue to fight all forms of voter suppression.
 Breaking News: The Supreme Court rejected a conservative bid to include only eligible voters in electoral districts 
We need a new approach to trade in this country — one that benefits working families and not just the CEOs of multinational corporations.
Polls will be open from 7am to 8pm tomorrow. Remember to bring your ID!  to share. 
The reason that our campaign is doing well is that we are doing something unusual in American politics: we are telling the truth.
Let me be clear: I have consistently opposed offshore drilling in the Arctic, in the Gulf and in the Atlantic.
 Two PROUD Brooklynites who got back.  Honored to stomp ground with 
 Introducing in Madison, WI tonight? Brooklyn Muslim activist, 
My climate plan will cut U.S. carbon pollution 40 percent by 2030 and over 80 percent by 2050, in part by putting a tax on carbon pollution.
Let's send a very strong message to Gov. Walker that his voter suppression efforts will not work! Vote on April 5.
 I'm giving speech/introducing Bernie in  tmw at BMO Harris Bradley Center. Come join us. Doors open at 4.
Join me tomorrow for a  Rally in Milwaukee with and others!  
 Fact: The Pell Grant's purchasing power will continue to erode under Hillary's plan. The poor won't be helped.
I recognize it's a bold peice of legislation. But I do not believe it is pie-in-the-sky to leave this planet habitable to our grandchildren.
I am proud to have introduced the most comprehensive climate change legislation in the history of the United States Senate.
 FACT: Hillary's  plan prioritize private college like those her ; Trump's kids attend. Bernie's 
 We're honored and excited to be playing for in Milwaukee on Monday!  
The Keystone Pipeline would transport some of the dirtiest fuel on this planet. I’ve led the opposition to it from the beginning.
 Fact: Hillary Clinton's higher ed plan continues to leave undocumented students out of higher ed. Bernie's fully incor…
Climate change is already having devastating effects across the world. It’s too late for incremental change. We must act boldly.
  Having been an independent "makes my candidacy even stronger"   
A strong and growing trade-union movement not only protects its own members but drives up wages for all Americans.
 This week on  will talk to ahead of the Wisconsin primary. 
As president, I will increase funding for education and demand that profitable corporations start paying their fair share of taxes.
Walker has provided huge tax breaks for corporations while making the largest cuts to education in Wisconsin history. He's got it backwards.
I say to Scott Walker: if you are afraid of fair and open elections, get out of politics and get another job.
Under Gov. Walker, we are seeing massive efforts to make it harder for people to vote in Wisconsin. Absolutely wrong and unacceptable.
 "our country's future is brighter under a sanders presidency." 
In 1980, Congress required credit unions to cap interest rates at 15 percent. It's time to extend this cap to every lender in America.
 Comunicado de Sanders sobre Crisis de Deuda Puertorriqueña via
We have got to stop credit card companies from ripping off the American people by charging sky-high interest rates of 20 or 30 percent.
Volunteers and supporters all across the country are powering this political revolution. Thank you.
 WATCH LIVE: holds a “Future to Believe In” rally in Wisconsin:  
Wisconsin, make your voice heard by voting this Tuesday, April 5.  
Current status of the Clark County, Nevada credentials committee. 
Campaign manager Jeff Weaver on Clark County, Nevada Democratic Convention: 
Change cannot take place without political participation.
I believe firmly that we can accomplish great things in this country if millions of Americans begin to stand up and fight for real change.
Wisconsin — you vote on Tuesday, April 5. Join the political revolution!  
Tune in to our rally in Green Bay, Wisconsin happening now:  
Puerto Rico shouldn't be asked to suffer even more so that a handful of wealthy investors can become even wealthier.
This is why we must fight for bold ideas, not half-measures. 
 Así reaccionó el público en  cuando habló del gobernador del estado Scott Walker.   
 WATCH LIVE: holds a campaign rally in Sheboygan, Wisconsin: 
 The  rally proves that even in the social media age, live campaigning still matters most: 
 Felt the Bern this morning at 
Campaign money bundled by fossil fuel lobbyists:⚬ $1.46 million for ⚬ $0 for
 NowThis is LIVE on from Harlem for a campaign roundtable about women's issues: 
  campaign hosting a round table in Harlem with Rosario Dawson, Michelle Alexander and Tessa Thompson. 
Wisconsin — today is the last day for early voting. Please visit  to find your nearest voting location.
As a born and raised New Yorker, I’m very proud. A huge stride forward for NY and a model for the nation.
  Your "safe and responsible" fracking has brought us air and H2o contamination, earthquakes, bomb trains,…
We have got to end the embargo against Cuba. Fifty years of Cold War is enough.
 "Sec. Clinton has taken significant sums of money from the fossil fuel industry."  
I've been criticized for my big ideas. You know what wasn't too pie-in-the-sky for my opponent? $1.7 trillion to invade Iraq.
Thank you to everyone who contributed to our campaign in March. You are our political revolution.
 These numbers are crazy. After a record-setting February, the camp announces even more money raised in Ma…
 Tonight! Wheel in the sky keeps on Bernin’… 
“The truth is that has relied heavily on funds from oil, gas and coal industry lobbyists."
Last chance to get your  sticker! Grab yours here:  
They never thought we could do it. We're on track to raise $43.5 million. Chip in here:  
 Bernie Sanders appears on Colbert's "Late Show" tonight as "The Wheel of News Mystery Guest." 
 New Poll: Up 11 Points Over HRC With Black Voters in Wisconsin!   
"The average contribution to our campaign is $27.”  yours before tonight’s deadline here: 
"I will not accept children in this country sleeping out on the streets. We must end childhood poverty." 
 Portion of campaign $$ from donors who have given legal max 51 3%
"I am very proud to have been born in New York City!”  
 Big cheers as Residente condemns US support for Latin American dictatorship, and boos for Henry Kissinger. 
  "Bernie has to win NY!"     
We're in the Bronx with Rosario Dawson, Harry Belafonte, Spike Lee and Residente. Tune in LIVE: 
  comes out in support of a ban on  in NY—about five years later than we needed her to. 
We're trying to raise more money this month than we did last month. Help us reach our goal before midnight! 
 YUGE crowd waiting for Bernie. And this is the overflow area.   
 phone banking for  making calls to  at the moment from sunny LA. volunteer here:  h…
It’s still a long shot, but it looks like we have a chance to reach our goal. Contribute before our deadline: 
How time flies! This is your last chance to get your very own  sticker  
LAST CHANCE: Help us beak Donald Trump in November. Get your  sticker today:  
LAST CHANCE: Help this movement keep crowing by getting your  sticker today:  
It is wrong that women are paid less than men for doing the same work. We've gotta move forward and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act into law.
Under my administration, Wall Street CEOs will no longer receive a get-out-of jail free card. Big bankers will not be too big to jail.
Get your  sticker with any contribution to our campaign before they're gone:  
"I survived. I became stronger. I have a voice." - Andrea Zekis, Transgender Activist 
The time is long overdue for pay equity in this country. I believe that they will win.  
Polls are open from 7am to 8pm on Tuesday, but you can also vote early!  to share. 
College students, you can use your campus address to vote.  to get the word out. 
Wisconsinites, remember to bring your photo ID to vote.  to spread the word. 
 WATCH LIVE: holds a "Future to Believe In" rally in Pittsburgh:  
Hitting our goal of $43.5 million today will shock the establishment and help us win Wisconsin. Chip in: 
 WATCH LIVE: discusses the impact of trade deals  
We can't have a safe ; sound financial system if the same agencies rating Wall Street's products are making their profits from Wall Street.
 NOW: exclusive interview with airing on  
 Spike Lee, Harry Belafonte, and Rosario Dawson among folks introducing at his NYC rally tomorrow in the…
We've only got a few  stickers left. Grab yours before they fly away:  
 My exclusive interview with starts at 10PM ET, MSNBC...
My opponent may not think the American people are prepared to stand up to the insurance companies or the drug companies. I think they are.
One in five people can't afford the prescription drugs their doctors prescribe. Elderly people are cutting pills in half for goodness' sake.
This country can no longer afford to tolerate the culture of fraud and corruption on Wall Street.
Agreed, And yes, we will campaign like Brooklynites!  
Are you somebirdy who has yet to get your own  sticker:  
Sparrow me the bird puns! But get your own  sticker first:  
Toucan contribute today and get your own  sticker:  
Owl fight for you in the White House. Contribute today and get your  sticker:  
This political revolution is just getting crowing. Get your  sticker today:  
You can't beak this offer: get your very own  sticker today!  
Donate any amount and get your free  sticker before they're gone!  
Act swiftly to get one of our  stickers before they fly off the shelves!  
A little bird told me you can get a  sticker by donating to our revolution:  
Your Republican frontrunner, ladies and gentlemen. Shameful. 
I've been criticized for my big ideas. You know what wasn't too pie-in-the-sky for my opponent? $700 billion to bailout Wall Street in 2008.
I want children to know that if they study hard, no matter what the income of their families, they will be able to get a college education.
Donate any amount and get your free  sticker before their gone!  
Donate any amount and get your free  sticker before their gone!  
We decided to make a sticker to commemorate  Grab yours before they’re gone: 
 Dear Twtter Friends, YAY! BERNIE SANDERS FOR PRESIDENT!!!
I don't believe we should be punishing millions of people with outrageous levels of student debt. That shortsighted path forward must end.
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty.
Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use.
We must address the political marginalization and institutional racism affecting people of color. Read my plan: 
 Watch Milwaukee rally live here - 
We need new thinking to address the enormous crises facing our country. It is too late for establishment policies, politics and economics.
It's time for Republicans to stop obstructing efforts to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels and toward energy efficiency.
This campaign is speaking to thousands of people, not going to billionaires' homes begging for money.
The vast majority of U.S. students are already working to put themselves through school. The kids are alright.
Yet wealthy kids under plan wouldn't have to work 10 hrs a week. Kids from working families would. 
War has got to be the last recourse, not the first.
Join me for a rally in the Bronx with special guest this Thursday, March 31. RSVP here:  
We need a grassroots movement to tell the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they won't be able to continue to buy elections.
From Wisconsin to California, the right wing has been waging a war to dismantle unions all over this country. 
This decision underscores the need to confirm a justice who will protect workers' rights to collectively bargain. 
We must end programs that reward officials for seizing assets without a criminal conviction or other lawful mandate. 
“You should be willing to debate anytime, anywhere.” — in 2008.
A job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. The current federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour is a starvation wage.
 Dem Poll: 49%, 48% 
We need police reform so that young people can walk down the street without having to worry about if they're going to be harassed or shot.
I agree. But here’s the difference: I support a $15 federal minimum wage. does not. 
Since I have been an elected official, I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power. That's what I do.
 Any candidate — or otherwise — should be fortunate to have the grit ; tenacity that defin…
HuffPost: Voters’ Unfavorable View of Clinton Warns Democrats of Trouble Ahead 
Scientists tell us we need bold action, not incremental change. 
We may have Wall Street and our opponent's super PACs against us but we are going to win because our message is resonating with the people.
 After California, "NY leaders need to catch up by passing $15 for all workers"​-  
Pennsylvania — today is your last chance to register to vote. Please visit  and take part in the democratic process!
The sad reality is that across the globe, the health of communities is consistently ignored in favor of the profits of corporate polluters.
I hope very much that as we go into New York, Sec. Clinton’s home state, we'll have a debate. Sign if you agree:
We live at a time when most Americans have less than $10,000 in savings and millions of working adults struggle to retire in dignity.
Giving Puerto Rico bankruptcy protection is the right thing to do to help its people. Read more of our plan here:  
I agree with Puerto Rico needs our help and should be able to restructure its debt. 
We need to ensure access to quality affordable childcare for working families, especially for parents who work non-traditional hours.
  shows  to with 70% of the vote  
Ill-conceived military decisions, such as the invasion of Iraq, can wreak far-reaching devastation and destabilize regions for decades.
My Medicare-for-all plan will cost $6 trillion less than the current health care system over the next ten years.
Voter ID laws, discriminatory drawing of Congressional districts and restricting same-day registration are all forms of voter suppression.
We are grieving today for the families affected by the deplorable attack in Lahore. No one should ever fear taking their children to a park.
 Coming off 3 sweeping victories yesterday, challenges to debate on her home turf: New Yor…
Wishing a happy Easter from the Sanders family to all those who celebrate!
  se impuso ayer con 82% en Alaska, 73% en Washington y 71% en Hawaii:  
 "Brooklyn was Bernin’ Saturday as campaign opened a hometown headquarters with a raucous rally…”
 Last night won in Hawaii, Alaska, and Washington state.  
 Coming up: joins on  after his wins in Hawaii, Alaska, and Washington.
Thank you, Hawai'i!  
 An unforgettable moment. "Bern, you just won Washington.” So proud of you! 
Our campaign was just declared the winner of two more states. Make a $3 contribution to show your support tonight!
Washington, thank you for your huge support! It is hard for anybody to deny that our campaign has the momentum.  
Tune in live to Bernie speaking in Wisconsin here: 
Thank you, Alaska! Together we are sending a message that this government belongs to all of us.  
Thank you to the 50,000 International Longshore and Warehouse Union members! You are a vital part of our movement. 
Together. 
Owl fight for you in the White House. Donate today:  
Are you somebirdy who hasn’t donated yet? Now’s your chance!  
Pennsylvania: the deadline to register to vote in your primary is on Monday. Please visit  to find out how.
 Check out this great volunteer-made tool:  Message people that like Bernie in each state and in…
 Brooklyn showing huge love for at  HQ kickoff   
Turnout is huge across Washington! Stay in line and make sure your voice is heard. 
Today we are going to tell the world we demand a government that represents all of us, not just a handful of wealthy campaign contributors.
Put a Bern on it. Donate $27 to our avian revolution:  
Sparrow me the bird puns! Donate $27, our average contribution:  
Toucan make a difference! Contribute to our avian revolution:  
Rhode Island: tomorrow is your last chance to register to vote in the primary! Visit  to find out how.
Today, we are going to say loud and clear the billionaire class cannot have it all. Grab a friend and go caucus! 
The great state of Washington has the opportunity to help lead this country into a political revolution!
If you’re 17, but will be 18 by June 24 2016, you can caucus today!  to spread the word. 
If you’re 17, but will be 18 by November 8 2016, you can caucus today!  to spread the word. 
If you’re 17, but will be 18 by November 8 2016, you can caucus today!  to spread the word. 
Not registered to vote? No worries. You can register today in Alaska!  if you’re supporting Bernie. 
Not registered to vote? No worries. You can register today in Washington!  if you’re supporting Bernie. 
Not registered to vote? No worries. You can register today in Hawaii!  if you’re supporting Bernie. 
Alaska, Hawaii and Washington — today we caucus. Get to your caucus location early and join history in the making. 
Tune in to  live here: 
 As a kid dreamed of being on a MLB field, didn't think he would be giving a speech. But here he is: 
We need to federally fund and require body cameras for law enforcement officers to make it easier to hold them accountable.
Violence and brutality, particularly at the hands of the police, is unacceptable and must not be tolerated.
Under my administration, the right to self-determination and self-governance would rest in Native Hawaiian hands.
A little bird told me Alaska is ready to join the political revolution.   
Let's fly away with a win tomorrow for   
 Put. A. Bern. On. It.  
"The American people are not looking to settle for inches. They're looking for real change." 
 and I are on our way to our rally in Seattle at Safeco Field. Meet us there:  
 We anticipated  months ago  
A vote for Bernie is a vote for  Come out and caucus tomorrow in AK, HI ; WA. 
 
Tune in to our rally live from Portland here:  
We need to reform our criminal justice system so that we don't continue to see such a grotesque disparity in sentencing for people of color.
 'What I saw in Bernie Sanders was the heart of Aloha.' Find where to caucus: 
 'What I saw in Bernie Sanders was the heart of Aloha.' Find your caucus: 
Alaska, Hawaii ; Washington — grab a friend or family member and caucus for Bernie tomorrow. Together, we can win. 
We must do all we can as a nation to create an AIDS and HIV-free generation. 
 New York — Join our staff for a big rally and massive canvass launch at our state HQ grand opening in Brooklyn! RSVP
Wisconsin, join me for a rally in Madison tomorrow at 1 PM. RSVP here:  
 DNC official who quit to back Sanders cuts emotional new ad | WATCH:  
 "when republicans controlled congress sanders passed the most roll call amendments (17) out of anyone in the house…” 
 Today is the last day to register to vote in the NY primary!  has my vote!  
Seattle — join me for a rally today at 4 PM at Safeco Field. More info here: 
For the last 40 years the great middle class of our country — once the envy of the world — has been disappearing.
Seattle: join me for a rally today at 4 pm PT at Safeco Field! RSVP here:    
Seattle, I will be at Safeco Field today at 4 pm PT for a rally. Join me:    
Our rally in Seattle is going to be YUGE. Join us today at Safeco Field:   
Seattle, I will be at Safeco Field today at 4 pm PST for a rally. Join me:   
Seattle: join me for a rally today at 4 pm PST at Safeco Field! RSVP here:   
We have more people in jail than any other country. Lives are destroyed as we spend $80 billion locking up fellow Americans.
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power. In 2008, their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the global economy.
 AMAZING AD! "The Cost of War | Bernie Sanders"  
 I'm in Anchorage, Alaska tonight hosting a town hall. If you can't make it, tune in for the live stream here: 
Virtually every Republican candidate for president wants us to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut. They are dead wrong.
Millions of Americans lost their life savings after 2008, but Social Security was right there paying full benefits.
  gets backing from key West Coast union  | AP Photo 
Wyoming! Tomorrow is your last chance to register to vote. Please visit  to find out how.
The decision to have an abortion is for a woman to make, not the Governor of Indiana. 
We need to re-enfranchise the more than 5 million Americans who have had their right to vote taken away by a felony conviction.
New York! Tomorrow is your last chance to register to vote. Please visit  to find out how.
 Good news for headed into Saturday's WA caucus - campaign announces endorsement from Internat'l Longshor…
Join me for a rally in Portland, Oregon tomorrow. RSVP here: 
One way we can make it easier to vote is by reaffirming our support for the Voting Rights Act. Add your support: 
One reason it is so hard to vote in Arizona is because the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act.  Voting should not be this difficult.
On Tuesday night, people waited in line for 5 hours to vote. We don't know how many didn't get to cast their ballots. This is unacceptable.
Your voice matters.  if you're caucusing for Bernie. 
From day one this has been your campaign.  if you're part of our revolution. 
A new national poll shows that only Bernie can beat EVERY Republican candidate in November.  if you agree. 
A poll shows Bernie is the best bet to stop a Trump presidency. Agree we can beat him? . 
I'm glad to see asking to investigate the voting delays in Arizona.  
If we stand together united, we win.  if you're caucusing for Bernie on Saturday. 
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages, and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent.
This is not an ordinary political campaign. This is a movement that is fighting for you. 
Big pharma cannot continue to evade taxes while ripping off Americans who already pay the highest prescription drug prices in the world.
It's time to end discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity. This law has no place in America. 
  "He trabajado por los  entrevista de  
 Backstage with So nice to meet her last night in San Diego and have her support!
My plan: break up big banks, close tax loopholes and make them pay their fair share. Then we can expand health care and make college free.
As president, I will fight attempts to undercut Roe v. Wade. We must protect and expand a woman's right to abortion.
As president, I will stand with Native Americans in the struggle to protect their treaty and sovereign rights. 
Bernie is on LIVE right now with Tune in here: 
 Cenk Uygur will be interviewing Bernie Sanders LIVE On  TODAY at 6pm easter…  
The goal of U.S. military policy must be to destroy ISIS, but to do it in a way that does not get U.S. troops involved in perpetual warfare.
Join for a national conference call on veterans’ issues tomorrow, March 24. RSVP here: 
As president, I will defend this nation but I will do it responsibly. I voted against the war in Iraq and that was the right vote.
Smile! We're making a new ad and want to include videos of what makes this campaign historic: YOU! Submit yours:  😀
 America's greenhouse gas emissions are barely falling--or not at all--thanks to   
No, we’re not gonna deny coverage for contraception or any other procedure because an employer has a “moral” objection to it. 
We are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control. 
Trump thinks we should not raise the minimum wage. He wants to give billions of dollars in tax breaks to the wealthy. I don't think so.
It is time for the U.S. government to treat Native American tribes with respect and dignity.
We need policies that bring us together and create a middle class that works for all of us rather than an economy that works for just a few.
Thank you Idaho for our second big win of the night! 
Thank you to all those who caucused tonight in Utah! 
Tune in live to our Future to Believe In Rally in San Diego here: 
If you're in Arizona, make sure to stay in line. Every vote counts.
It’s a national disgrace that people have to wait hours to cast a vote in any election.
 Senator TONIGHT + and Jimmy ; return as  h…
Utah — If you're in line, you have a right to caucus. Make your voice heard. Stay in line and caucus for Bernie. Issues? Call 385-223-6954.
If you're in line to vote before 7 p.m. in Arizona, do not leave! You have the right to vote. Any issues or concerns? Call 512-938-8850.
 Attn  Voters - if in line by 7 pm at polls, you can vote no matter how long the line is!  Hang tough!  
Idaho — If you're in line, you have a right to caucus. Your voice matters. Stay in line and practice democracy. 
Questions or issues while voting or caucusing today? Call our hotline: 
  is the only presidential candidate with a plan to empower Native Americans: 
Arizona, we need your help! After you vote today, ask the clerk for the turnout at your precinct and report it: 
Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote or caucus right now! Text FIND to 82623 for your location. 
 This is how a president talks to fellow Americans. 
Idaho, stand up and fight for American democracy, an economy that works for all and a sane foreign policy. 
I continue to stand by the President's calls for Congress to fully lift the failed embargo on Cuba. Fifty years of Cold War is enough.
 We must stand together against terror. ; embrace fear ; hatred by proposing torture ; racial pr…
  Bernie's playbook is just fine. Vz pays lower fed income tax rate than many of its workers. 
Voting or caucusing for Bernie in Arizona, Idaho or Utah today? Use  or  and share this image! 
I stand with the students in Puerto Rico who are saying loudly and clearly that they will not accept austerity cuts! 
    Text ur state initials AZ, ID, or UT to 82623 for voting information   
 Everyone go support in  today! I know i will. Learn more, help out at  …
We need a political revolution in America to bring about the change we need.  if you agree. 
Our campaign has economic and social justice at its heart.  if you’re part of our revolution. 
This is not an ordinary political campaign, it is a movement that is fighting for you.  if you're part of it. 
By bringing people together to take on special interests, we can change the world.  if you're voting today. 
Arizona, let's do this. Vote Bernie today. 
Your voice matters. Your vote matters. Practice democracy and get out and vote today. 
It’s important we not succumb to bigotry. We are fighting a terrorist organization killing innocent people. We are not fighting a religion.
We have got to do everything we can to make certain that a Republican does not occupy the White House.
 to share the news: only we can convincingly beat Donald Trump in November. 
Love trumps hate.  if you agree that Bernie is best-placed to beat Donald Trump in November. 
This campaign has beaten all the odds.  to help us beat the odds again. Let your friends know to vote today. 
There is no question that you are looking at the strongest Democratic candidate. 
Arizona, Idaho y Utah — Llegó el turno de ustedes para votar por nuestro movimiento. Vayan con sus familiares y amigos a votar.
Arizona, we need your help! After you vote today, ask the clerk for the turnout at your precinct and report it: 
 Rep. Tulsi Gabbard: Bernie Sanders is the commander in chief we need  via
Not only would we beat Donald Trump in Utah, we would beat him badly. Utah: vote to win the White House. 
Arizona, Utah and Idaho — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote.
Full Sanders statement on attacks in Belgium: 
We offer our deepest condolences to the families who lost loved ones in this barbaric attack and to the people of Brussels.
Utah, be sure to get in line to caucus by 8:30 pm.  to share with friends. 
It’s ⏰ to vote, Arizona!  if you’ve made a plan to vote today. 
 Bernie Sanders picks up his 27th superdelegate: Danica Oparnica, the DNC's ethnic council vice chair from Arizona
  "Campaigns and elections are not a game...They're about trying to change America"  
 "I think there is no question you are looking at the strongest democrat to beat republicans" says at Fla…
 LIVE: Bernie Sanders rally in Flagstaff, AZ 
Our nation has always been a refuge for the oppressed. We need to take steps to protect families seeking refuge here, not cast them out.
Smile! We're making new ads and want to include videos of what makes this campaign historic: YOU! Submit your video: 
Don’t know that I’d call President Obama's 72 straight months of job growth an “awful legacy.” 
Wonder how many $27 contributions got at her fundraiser hosted by the NRA lobbyist: 
Universal health care is an idea that has been supported by Democratic presidents going back to Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman.
 WATCH LIVE: holds campaign rally, discusses "rigged economy"  - 
It's time to shut the revolving door between Wall Street and the government. Wall Street will not be represented in my administration.
A poll shows Utahns think Bernie is the best bet to stop a Trump presidency. Agree we can beat him? . 
I believe Israel, Palestine and the international community can, must and will rise to do what needs to be done to achieve a lasting peace.
Watch Bernie deliver a foreign policy speech LIVE in Utah here: 
Text UT to 82623 to find your nearest polling location.  to spread the word. 
Real change comes when large numbers of Americans get involved in the democratic process. Take action:  
Text AZ to 82623 to find your nearest polling location.  to spread the word. 
 Pennsylvania! This campaign is one that is  and for the people. Register to vote by March 28. 
Early in this campaign you turned out more people for events than any other campaign. Let's GOTV:  
Early in this campaign you turned out more people for events than any other campaign. Let's GOTV!  
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media. Join Connect.  
A poll shows Utahns think Bernie is best placed to stop a Trump presidency. Agree we can beat him? . 
Wisconsin! This political revolution is one that is of the people and  Register to vote by April 1. 
We've shown what's possible competing against the billionaires. Time to show we can organize our communities too. 
Despite what the media tells you, politics is not a soap opera. Politics is about coming together to improve the lives of all. 
 This campaign is  Every single one of us, regardless of our politics, race, gender, or place of origin htt…
When we stand together, we win.  
 Phonebanking for Bernie is one of highest impact things you can do! Help us create a government  
This campaign is a political revolution—millions of people standing up and saying: enough is enough.  
Arizona, Idaho and Utah vote and caucus tomorrow! We have a good chance to win if we stand together. 
A poll shows Utahns prefer a Sanders presidency over Clinton by 11 points! Can we beat Trump? Yes! 
As president, I will appoint justices to the Supreme Court who understand the importance of preserving Roe v. Wade.
A poll shows Utahns prefer a Sanders presidency over Clinton by 11 points! Can we beat Trump? Yes! 
Our political revolution is now resonating all over the world. Thank you, Democrats abroad! 
 Why I'm voting for in Tuesday  best  plan ; economic vision 
I applaud President Obama for traveling to Cuba and moving relations between our two countries into a new era. 
They say you don't care. They say you won't caucus. Prove them wrong.  
Utah, it's your turn to stand with Bernie. Find your caucus location:  
Need to find your polling location? Click here:  
Arizona, it's your turn to stand with Bernie. Find your polling location:  
When we come together and don’t allow people to divide us, we can create an economy that works for all and not just the top 1 percent.
The recklessness, greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this country into the worst economic downturn in modern history.
Thank you, Seattle! If every person here brings a friend and a family member out to vote, we will win on Saturday! 
 Acá les dejo el plan que tiene para Puerto Rico. Léanlo 
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men, women, and children and throwing them out of the country.
 WATCH NOW: taking the stage NOW at Key Arena  
In a democratic society, politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera. We need discussion about serious issues.
Together, we can move to a foreign policy rooted in sound judgment that will move us away from perpetual warfare.
Americans need a president who will think about their future 10, 15, 20 years down the line — someone with judgment.
Unfortunately, what I predicted at the time about the destabilization of the region came true.
In 2003, I voted against the War in Iraq. It was a hard vote to cast when so many were calling for war.
That starts with defending veterans’ benefits from attempts to cut them in our Congress.
In the wake of that war, we must never forget the incredible sacrifices made by our veterans.
That’s money that could have been spent on rebuilding America’s schools, roads, bridges and water systems.
When the last benefits are calculated, that war will have cost the United States taxpayers several trillion dollars.
We invaded Iraq 13 years ago today. We must ask ourselves: are we more or less safe because of that war?
Utah, join the political revolution. Caucus for Bernie on Tuesday, March 22.  
 Wyoming! This political revolution is one that is  and for the people. Register to vote by March 25. 
Idaho, want real change? Caucus on Tuesday for Bernie Sanders. Bring your friends and family with you!  
Let us see Arizona help lead a political revolution  Go out and vote on Tuesday. 
I talked to a young man serving in the US military and while he was serving his country, his wife was deported. That's beyond comprehension.
  shouldn't be bailed out  anymore, it's time for  to pay their fair share! 
No matter where you live, you can join the fight. And we need each and every one of you!  
Wall Street is terrified because we are running a campaign that does not support their agenda. We represent working families. 
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America.  
 This fight isn't even close to being over.  
This campaign is a political revolution  and we must make sure that health care is a right, not a privilege.
 We are  because the PEOPLE deserve health care. The corporations DON'T deserve free handouts. 
We don't go around asking a handful of millionaires for big checks and call it a day. We rely on you. Donate: 
Change will not come without political participation. Join us:   
No one said a political revolution would be easy. We're up against a billionaire class determined to see us lose. 
YOU are the reason we have done so well against the political establishment and its super PACs. And you're how Bernie will win. 
Arizona, Idaho and Utah are up on Tuesday. We have a good chance to win if we stand together.   
This is a campaign of the people,  and for the people.  
We don't need a bigger wall or more barbed wire. We need a humane immigration policy that keeps families together. 
Despite growing poverty among seniors, Republicans want more austerity for the elderly and more tax breaks for the rich.
  People will appreciate when they look at the polls that I do better against Donald Trump than Hillary C…
Together we're going to overturn this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision which has allowed millionaires to buy politicians.
"Bernie is not a politician of convenience. He understands that the powerless need a voice.” -
  will only be on this morning to talk about his path to the nomination. Tune in @ 10:30amE…
The idea that a mother is living here and her children are living on the other side of a nation's border is wrong and immoral.
Raids are not the answer. We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families.
 in  for the day in support of    are you going to Caucasus on Tuesday  
 Standing before US-Mexico border fence, Bernie Sanders vows to keep immigrant families together: 
As families across this country continue to struggle to make ends meet, we must fight for fair wages for all.
I'm running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and establishment economics. We need a political revolution.
Early in this campaign you turned out more people for events than any other campaign. Let's GOTV:  
Real change comes when large numbers of Americans get involved in the democratic process. Take action:  
We have a real path toward victory in AZ, UT and ID if you can commit to talking to voters!  
The struggle for our rights isn’t the struggle of a day or a year. It’s the struggle of a lifetime. 
When we all stand together for justice, we win. When working families stand together, we win. 
Our campaign is being called the most serious threat to establishment politics in a generation. They ain’t seen nothing yet. 
It's important that we come together in our communities to organize for the change we want to see.  
We don't have millionaires and billionaires to bundle money from their rich friends. We have you. 
I will lead the effort for comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship.
This campaign is gaining momentum because we are listening to the pain   They want real change!
Touring the border here in Nogales, Arizona. I'm struck by the fear and sadness that grips so many families. 
 "We need to protect refugee children. I just met one from El Salvador. I disagree with Clinton. They should not deported"…
 We need compassion ; justice not hate when we deal with our   system -  
Pope Francis has said we should be building more bridges, not more walls. Pope Francis is right. 
I'm asking people across the nation to come together and organize an unprecedented grassroots movement.  
 Political Revolutions Look Like This:  
This is a campaign  by the people, and for the people.  
We can live in a nation where if you work 40 hours a week, you know that your child is able to go to college regardless of your income.
Vote for the political revolution. 
Sec. Clinton may disagree with me, but I don’t think it’s a great idea for taxpayers to subsidize large corporations who move jobs abroad.
Boeing gets 40 percent of the money discharged by the Export-Import Bank. And let me tell you, Boeing ain't exactly a small business.
Today, you've got child care workers making minimum wage. That is crazy. We should value our child care workers more than that.
On Tuesday there is going to be a very important caucus in Utah. We'll win that caucus if there is a large turnout. 
 In case you missed this poll: American voters trust most to lead our military: 
We can have differences about when to go to war, but there should be no debate about the benefits our veterans have earned. 
We need a government that works for all of us and not just wealthy campaign contributors. 
Washington: If you can’t attend your caucus, today is the last day to mail-in your ballot! Visit  for more info!
And while we don't guarantee health care to all, we do outspend all other countries on the planet on medical spending.
Sec. Clinton says she got to travel the world. Did she happen to notice that every major country guarantees health care to all their people?
  in Arizona, Takes On Sheriff Joe Arpaio  
A grassroots movement by the numbers:✅ Nearly 2 million donors✅ More than 5.7 million contributions✅ Average contribution: $27
I don't take corporate PAC money, and if, by some accident, some company sent us money, we would send it back—absolutely.
Watch Bernie live at the Future to Believe In Rally in Idaho Falls here: 
 "Cuidado, Joe", le advierte a  
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty.
Every public college and university in this country should be tuition-free. I know my opponent thinks it’s a radical idea, I don’t.
How is it that tens of thousands of bright young people today are unable to go to college because they can’t afford it? That's unacceptable.
I believe that morally and ethically we do not have a right to turn our backs on veterans who are sleeping out on the street.
 Watch LIVE: Presidential candidate town hall in    
I want to end the sad reality of having more people in jail than any other country. I'd rather we have the best educated population.
There needs to be a path back from prison. We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated.
This is why my plan to  starts by keeping fossil fuels in the ground.  
I have 5 million individual contributions from real people who have gone to  to make a $27 contribution.
Sec. Clinton has a super PAC raising huge amounts of money from Wall Street and the fossil fuel industry. I am doing it a different way.
How did we have so much money to go to war in Iraq but somehow we don't have enough to rebuild the pipes in Flint? 
  joins tonight! Don't miss a minute with the Vermont Senator. Tune in to MSNBC at 9pmET. 
Here’s a radical idea: We're going to create an economy that works for working families, not just the billionaires!
 Feel the burn: record global temps in Jan-Feb after record hike in atmospheric CO2 in 2015.  
If patriotism means anything, it means that we do not turn our backs on those veterans who have who defended us.
We don’t have billionaires waiting in the wings with bags of cash. This campaign is led by people like you. Donate: 
If you're a kid caught with marijuana, you get a record. If you're an exec on Wall St. that destroyed the economy, you get off scot-free.
I don’t believe you can take on climate change effectively while taking money from those who would profit off the destruction of the planet.
The United States is the only developed nation in the world without guaranteed, paid parental leave. We must guarantee these benefits.
We need trade agreements that protect and benefit working families, not just the CEOs of large corporations.
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money. We can change this system.
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in, but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner.
I am not just asking for your vote. I am asking for you to get involved in a political revolution. Join us: 
The Koch brothers and their billionaire allies don’t just want to cut Social Security, they want to eliminate Social Security.
No one said the political revolution would be easy. We’re facing a billionaire class set on seeing us lose. Donate: 
Between our government’s unwillingness to negotiate prices and its failure to fight fraud, it’s no wonder drug prices are out of control.
Families are struggling to put bread on the table and take care of their basic needs. America needs a political revolution.
Our disastrous trade policies for the past 30 or 40 years have had a horrendous impact on the lives of millions of working Americans.
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed.
Do not settle for the status quo when the status quo is broken. 
 "If you are afraid of free and fair elections, get out of politics. Get another job." 
 "El motivo por el que Trump no será presidente es porque EEUU no aceptará insultos a mexicanos, musulmanes o mujeres", dic…
 WATCH: "We are doing something very radical...We are telling the truth."  
My plan would create a clean-energy workforce of 10 million good-paying jobs by creating a 100% clean-energy system.
 WATCH LIVE: Sanders speaks to supporters after  election results  
Seen in Chicago. 
 Polls close in 30 minutes North Carolina! Make your voice heard!  
Last chance to head to the polls! Head out the door and text VOTE to 82623 for your polling location. Go vote now. 
It's not too late to get out and vote for Bernie! Text VOTE to 82623 to find your polling location and head over right now. 
 Bernie Sanders represents real hope for Puerto Rico  via
 If you're 17 but will be 18 before the general election in November, you ARE eligible to vote. You can register @ polls…
Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri and Florida — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and go vote.
If men were giving birth to babies, there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose.
We need your help today! When you vote, ask a poll worker for your precinct's turnout and report it:  
Florida, grab your friends and family and go vote today. Polls are open until 7 PM.  
 Florida, is asking for your vote on  GOTV 2 day    
Voting for Bernie in Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri or Florida today? Use  and share this image! 
Voters are going to the polls in five different states. Can you call voters today and get them to the polls? 
Ohio, it’s your turn to vote. Bring your friends and family. Questions or issues? Call our hotline.  
Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri and Florida — not sure where to vote? Look up your polling location at 
 This is genuinely, I swear to God, fun.  
What this campaign is about is bringing people together. IL, NC, FL, MO, and OH: please go vote today.  
We need your help getting supporters out to vote. Can you spare an hour to call voters and get them to the polls? 
We need your help today! When you vote, ask a poll worker for your precinct's turnout number and report it: 
Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information.  
Missouri, make sure you get out and vote today before polls close at 7 pm. More info:  
Florida, make sure you get out and vote today before polls close at 7 pm. More info:  
Ohio, make sure you get out and vote today before polls close at 7.30 pm. More info:  
NC, make sure you get out and vote today before polls close at 7.30 pm. More info:  
NC, make sure you get out and vote today before polls close at 7.30 pm. More info:  
Illinois, make sure you get out and vote today before polls close at 7 pm. More info:  
Missouri, make sure you get out and vote today before polls close at 7pm. More info:  
Missouri, make sure you get out and vote today before polls close at 7pm. More info:  
Florida, make sure you get out and vote today before polls close at 7pm. More info:  
This government belongs to all of us, not just a wealthy few. Vote for Bernie today and use  to share! 
Ohio, make sure you get out and vote today before polls close at 7.30pm. More info:  
NC, make sure you get out and vote today before polls close at 7.30pm. More info:  
Ohio, make sure you get out and vote today before polls close at 7.30pm. More info:  
NC, make sure you get out and vote today before polls close at 7.30pm. More info here:  
Illinois, make sure you get out and vote today before polls close at 7pm. More info here:  
Today is an incredibly important day for our movement. Can you call voters today and get them to the polls? 
     
Sisters and brothers in Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri and Florida: make your voice heard today. Go vote. 
 For to do well today, it's all about turnout, says supporter  
Find your polling place in North Carolina and vote today:  
North Carolina, today is your chance to make your voice heard in Washington.  
Polls are open 6.30 am to 7.30 pm. More info:  
Polls are open 6 am to 7 pm. More info:  
Illinois, today is your chance to make your voice heard in Washington.  
Missouri, today is your chance to make your voice heard in Washington.  
Find your polling place and vote today:  
Polls are open 6 am to 7 pm. More info:  
This is an historic triumph for the future of our planet over powerful fossil-fuel interests. 
 meeting with undocumented families, Arpaio's victims, refugee children and Dreamers.  
Locking up addicts is not going to solve the problem. Substance abuse and addiction are health issues not criminal issues.
Vampire Weekend's Ezra Koenig and Chris Tomson  and want you to go out and VOTE for Bernie tomorrow.
We must break up the banks to prevent another economic crisis.  if you’ll be voting to break up the banks. 
Every child should have an equal shot at achieving success. That includes access to college for everyone. Agree? . 
Health care for all works in every other industrialized nation.  if you agree it’s time to bring it to America. 
Polls are open 6 am to 7 pm. More info:  
I don't have a super PAC and I don't travel the country begging millionaires to contribute to my campaign. This is a grassroots campaign.
Idaho is ready to caucus for Bernie on March 22. Thanks for the huge march on Saturday!  
 It's go time! Get them out to vote. Call all the phones   
This campaign is proving that you can run for office without taking money from corporate America and special interests. 
 TUNE IN: participates in a town hall with on 
The existence of climate change is not a question. The only remaining question is how we address it. Agree? . 
It’s nearly St Patrick’s Day.  if you’re voting for the presidential candidate with the greenest ideas. 
Health care is a right and not a privilege.  if you agree and you’re voting Bernie. 
Polls are open 6:30 am to 7:30 pm. More info:  
Find your polling place in Illinois and vote today:  
Illinois, today is your chance to make your voice heard in Washington.  
Polls are open 6 am to 7 pm. More info:  
Find your polling place in North Carolina and vote today:  
North Carolina, today is your chance to make your voice heard in Washington.  
Polls are open 6.30 am to 7.30 pm. More info:  
Find your polling place in Ohio and vote today:  
Ohio, today is your chance to make your voice heard in Washington.  
Polls are open 6.30 am to 7.30 pm. More info:  
Polls are open 7 am to 7 pm. More info:  
Find your polling place in Florida and vote today:  
Florida, today is your chance to make your voice heard in Washington.  
Find your polling place in Missouri and vote today:  
Missouri, today is your chance to make your voice heard in Washington.  
Polls are open 6 am to 7 pm. More info:  
My plan provides $41 billion in transition assistance to ALL fossil fuel workers, not just coal workers.  
It’s time to put our kids and grandkids before the fossil fuel industry.  if you agree and you’re voting Bernie. 
It’s nearly St Patrick’s Day.  if you're voting for the Presidential candidate with the greenest ideas. 
If a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist.  if you agree and you’re voting Bernie. 
Education is a right, not a privilege.  if you agree and you’re voting Bernie. 
The existence of Climate Change is not a question. The only remaining question is how we address it. Agree? . 
The truth is, you can’t change a corrupt system by taking its money. Agree? . 
Healthcare is a right and not a privilege.  if you agree and you’re voting Bernie. 
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty.  if you agree and you’re voting Bernie. 
 Just in: Amalgamated Transit Union endorses Bernie Sanders for president. Union reps 190K transit workers 
 Thank you Senator for standing up for Puerto Rico    
 What an honor to be invited to Oak Flat yesterday, the sacred land of the San Carlos Apache Tribe. Thank you! 
Millions of Americans who want to join unions are unable to do so because of the coercive and often illegal behavior of their employers.
Thank you Tobey Giat for participating in democracy and for your help on my campaign. We can't do this without you. 
If you want a candidate who will defeat Trump or some other Republican, you are looking at him. 
 New: Bernie Sanders to unveil HIV/AIDS research initiative to spur development of new drugs to treat the disease.  
 Next: joins to explain why he's supporting Watch LIVE  
When we talk about war, we must talk about the 500,000 men and women who came home with PTSD, and traumatic brain injury.
Today, shamefully, the United States has the highest childhood poverty rate of nearly any major country on earth. 
 Vote Tuesday, March 15th      
 should stop taking NRA lobbyist money. 
America needs a president who will stand up to the fossil fuel industry and tell them their profits are not more important than the planet.
  is the only candidate in this race who will fight for a ban on fracking.
With so much violence already in the world, I just don't think the state itself should be killing people. I'm against capital punishment.
When we talk about education, we should talk about the great teachers in this country and make sure they get a good wage. 
We're gonna raise our minimum wage to a living wage so that nobody who works 40 hours a week in America is living in poverty. 
Espero que el señor Trump le diga a sus seguidores que la violencia no es aceptable en el proceso democrático. 
No candidate running for president is more committed to strengthening HBCUs than Bernie Sanders. 
Like any other public official, when a police officer breaks the law, that officer must be held accountable. 
Violence is not acceptable in the American political process. We should condemn violence not encourage it. 
  is up first in the  Watch CNNgo:  
Together we can create an economy that works for all of us and not just the powerful few. 
While others supported unfair trade deals, Bernie stood with American workers. It's time to stand with him. 
While others supported unfair trade deals, Bernie stood with American workers. It's time to stand with him.
Together we can create an economy that works for all of us and not just the powerful few. 
Wonderful meeting with many prominent leaders of the Asian American and Pacific Islander community in Illinois. 
The American people don’t need a president who says the right things in a stump speech. They need a president who is with them every day.
Bernie is not afraid to take on a corrupt political system. 
From his youth to today, Bernie has stood with us. Now it's time to stand with him. 
Trump should tone down his rhetoric and condemn the violence of some of his supporters. 
"We need you Obi-Wan." - introducing Bernie in St. Louis before Missouri's primary on Tuesday.
 WATCH: surprises rally in St. Louis: "We need you, Obi-Wan!" 
Today in the United States the top 1 percent earns more income than the bottom 50 percent. Does that make sense?
 Donald Trump: There is something more powerful than fear and hatred and violence. It is LOVE ; UNITY! 
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America.
 Line to get into event in Affton, Mo--h/t for timelapse line idea see for more 
 WATCH: says claim he organized protesters at Trump rally is "totally untrue." 
Did you know? If you're 17 and your birthday is before November 9, 2016 you can vote! 🇺🇸
Did you know? If you're 17 and your birthday is before November 9, 2016 you can vote! 🇺🇸
17? But wanna vote? If your birthday is before November 9th, you can vote!
I have spent my career fighting for something that I consider to be a human right. That human right is health care.
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and provide health care as a right to every man, woman and child.
 Before Sunday night's town hall will talk to on  
I have a message for Secretary Clinton: We don't need to tinker with the TPP trade agreement. We need to defeat it. 
 Watch State rally live here   
 Cast my ballot today for at the BlackHawk County Dem County Convention. 
   
We cannot be the only major country on earth which does not guarantee paid vacation time and paid sick time.
 and party allies are disenfranchising worker-class delegates at Polk County Iowa Democratic Convention.
Effort under way right now by and party allies to steal Polk County Iowa conv. election Bernie won earlier today.
Rahm gave the banks what they asked for and now they're making the teachers and children of Chicago pay the price.
From his youth to today, Bernie Sanders has stood with us. Now it's time to stand with him.
We win when people come together. We win when we reject division.
Good to be back in Chicago.
"Every American, regardless of their income, should have access to a college education.” -
 ICYMI: w/ One-on-One convo w/ Dr. ;    
Bernie is not afraid to take on a corrupt political system. 
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the quality health care and benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve.
Every American, regardless of their income, should have access to a college education. These things are possible.
I'm asking young people to be leaders in this country. Help us create a nation where every person realizes their full promise of equality.
  picks up the endorsement of from Chicago 
We will continue to bring people together. We will not allow the Donald Trumps of the world to divide us up.
I want to thank Rahm Emanuel for not endorsing me. I don’t want the endorsement of a mayor shutting down schools and firing teachers.
We do things a little different in this campaign: We bring people TOGETHER. 
Watch Bernie live in Summit, IL where he will discuss a wide range of issues including combating climate change. 
On criminal justice reform and the need to fight racism there is no other candidate who will fight harder.
The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal justice system.
  wins: Ohio judge rules 17-year-olds can vote on election day  | Getty 
North Carolinians who missed the first deadline can still register for early voting until tomorrow at 1PM ET.
 Welcome to the next President of the United States! 
If elected, I won't send the TPP to Congress and will continue to fight efforts to pass it. I urge to join me.
Remembering Jane Lang. We will continue her fight for universal health care.  
As president, I will govern based on principle not poll numbers. Every day I will fight for the public interest not the corporate interests.
That's a good question. My answer is yes.  
I don't give speeches to Wall Street for hundreds of thousands of dollars. Unlike Sec. Clinton, I have nothing to release.
If we are going to rebuild the crumbling middle class we need a stronger trade union movement, not a weaker one.
The politics of division has no place in our country. Trump should take responsibility for addressing his supporters' violent actions.
 Why Bernie Would Crush Trump and Why Every Vote For Hillary Puts Trump Closer to the White House 
I agree. That's why I have a plan that bans fracking and puts a price on methane emissions. 
We must move aggressively toward energy efficiency and the development of sustainable energy sources.
The recklessness, greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this country into the worst economic downturn in modern history.
We are increasingly living in an oligarchy where big money is buying politicians. We must overturn Citizens United before it’s too late.
No president will be able to address the problems that we face unless there is a mass movement, a political revolution in this country.
It's unacceptable to ask working-class Americans to work until they are 68-70 years old before qualifying for full Social Security benefits.
Real change takes place when people stand up and say “enough is enough,” and when we create a political revolution from the ground up.
The message we are sending to the billionaire class is you cannot continue to get huge tax breaks while children in America go hungry.
  "5 times hillary clinton has played fast and loose with the facts on bernie sanders’ record.” 
PolitiFact: Hillary Clinton wrongly says Bernie Sanders wants to delay the Clean Power Plan 
I hope one day Republicans can overcome the needs of their campaign contributors and worry instead about the planet they're leaving behind.
 Watch Gainesville rally live  University of Florida 
This campaign is not a billionaire-funded campaign. It is a people’s campaign.
We have got to tell corporate America they cannot continue to abandon workers in the U.S. We've lost 60,000 factories since 2001.
This is why I am running for President of the United States of America. 
Bernie votó contra la guerra de Irak y cambiar el régimen en Libia porque temía lo que sucedería después. Desafortunadamente, él tuvo razón.
Sec. Clinton is arguing that the U.S. should continue to be the only major country that doesn't guarantee health care to all people.
Only one candidate has a plan to get to universal health care coverage. How would get there? 
Why does think it's okay for Trump's kids to go to elementary, middle, and high schools for free, but not colleges?
Madam Secretary, I will match my record against yours any day of the week. 
Madam secretary, I will match my record against yours any day of the week. Learn more: 
Bernie voted against the Iraq War and regime change in Libya because he feared what would happen the day after. Unfortunately, he was right.
Necesitamos una economía que funcione para todos, no sólo para un puñado de multimillonarios. 
El director de Goldman Sachs no me dio $250,000; al contrario, dijo que soy un peligro. Y tiene razón — soy un peligro para Wall Street.
The head of Goldman Sachs didn’t give Bernie $225,000 for a speech. He said Bernie would be dangerous for Wall Street. And he’s right.
There is nobody in the United States Congress who has taken on the Koch Brothers more than Bernie Sanders. 
Video from that Clinton speech telling Wall St to "cut it out" shows her greeting "wonderful donors" in the room. 
Let's stop the racism. Let's stop the xenophobia. Let's stop Trump. 
 She did it again and I'll say it again. It's misleading to imply that TARP II was an auto bailout bill. 
Bernie’s immigration plan is the gold standard. "We hope [Hillary] is inspired to match his boldness.”  
"The banks of NY and our other financial institutions are probably the biggest winners." - on the "auto" bailout in 2008.
 doubles down on "negative tactics" and dishonesty described earlier by The New York Times: 
 "Madam Secretary, I would match my record against yours any day of the week." 
No deportaré a niños que viven en Estados Unidos de América. Eso lo puedo prometer. 
“We have laws.” -  
I will not deport children from the United States of America. I can make that promise.  
"Clinton acknowledged that, in some cases, a child’s deportation could bring them great harm."  
“Como presidenta, yo me opondré a darle licencias de conducir a personas indocumentadas…” — en 2007. 
"As president, I will not support driver’s licenses for undocumented people..." - in 2007
Bernie’s guiding light on the issue of immigration reform: keeping families together, not dividing them up.
"I am, you know, adamantly against illegal immigration.” -
Cuando iniciamos estábamos 50 puntos detrás de la “nominada demócrata inevitable”. Ahora esa candidata no se ve tan inevitable. 
When we began we were 50 points behind the “inevitable Democratic nominee.” Now that inevitable candidate ain't so inevitable. 
Bernie is about to walk on stage for the  in Miami. Tune in live here  and 
Bernie está a punto de subir al escenario del  en Miami. Míralo en  y participa usando 
I stand with Chicago teachers. We shouldn't close schools and lay off teachers to reward Wall Street. 
The pharmaceutical industry has become a health hazard for the American people. We pay the highest prices for prescription drugs.
Some people say young people are apathetic. It seems to me like they are ready to transform America.
I hope Utah repeals the death penalty. There's enough violence in the world and the  government shouldn't add to it. 
La luz que guía a Bernie en la cuestión de reforma inmigratoria: mantener a nuestras familias unidas, no dividirlas.
Bernie’s guiding light on the issue of immigration reform: keeping families together, not dividing them up.
Multinational corporations making billions, moving jobs overseas, are asking for handouts from our middle class? I don't think so.
 No se pierdan nuestro debate esta noche en  
 On behalf of shukran jazilan! 
The wealthiest country in history has gotta get its priorities right. That's taking care of its people. Not more tax breaks for the rich.
  "I don't give speeches behind closed doors to Goldman Sachs and I'm very proud of that" 
 veto this bill. Don’t play politics with abortion.  
Since I have been an elected official, I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power, and to take on the ruling class.
What kind of morality is it when Congress gives tax breaks to billionaires but cuts nutrition programs that serve kids?
At the end of the day big money doesn’t always win. What we are showing is that millions of people agree with us.
Greed is the religion of the billionaire class. A nation based on that kind of greed will not survive morally, economically or politically.
The corporate media counted us out. The pollsters said we were way behind. But we won. Thank you, Michigan. 
While millions of Americans are just one paycheck away from economic devastation, the wealthy have never had it so good.
Michigan: if you’re in line to vote, you have a right to vote. Stay in line and make your voice heard.
There is no reason why women should be paid significantly less than men. It’s sexism and it has got to end. 
Love always trumps hate. 
This is what we can learn from history: when people stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. 
Watch Bernie in Miami live right now: 
Standing up for our LGBTQ sisters and brothers is the duty of all elected officials. This should make us all proud. 
African-American women earn just 60 cents for every dollar a white male earns. The figure for Latina women is just 55 cents. 
Michigan and Mississippi — not sure where to vote? That's OK! Look up your polling location at 
We must ensure pay equity for women workers. Equal pay for equal work — it's not a radical idea. 
Voting for Bernie in Michigan or Mississippi? Use  and share this image! 
We must end the international embarrassment of being the only major country that doesn't guarantee paid leave.  
This is why it's so important that our Democratic debate moderators  
To our supporters abroad: today is your last chance to vote in the Global Primary. Submit your ballot by 6PM ET. 
Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information.  
Change cannot take place without political participation.
Michigan y Mississippi — Llegó tu turno para participar en nuestro movimiento. ¡Lleva a tu familia y amigos a votar!
Hillary Clinton on refugee children from Central America in June of 2014: 
Hillary Clinton on refugee children from Central America in June of 2014: "They should be sent back." 
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman, without interference from politicians.  
What this campaign is about is bringing people together. Michigan and Mississippi: please go vote today. 
Michigan, get out and vote today! Find your polling place:  
Michigan, I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. Find your polling place:  
We need your help today! When you vote, ask a poll worker for your precinct's turnout number and report it: 
Many people think Congress regulates Wall Street, but in fact it's Wall Street that regulates Congress.
Michigan and Mississippi — It's your turn to vote for our political revolution. Grab your friends and family and go out and vote.
Americans shouldn't have to live in fear that they'll go bankrupt if they get sick. Health care must be a right, not a privilege.
We can't just take incremental steps to combat climate change. We've got to be bold because the future of our planet depends on it.
There is so much violence in our world today. I just don't think the state should add to it. That's one reason I oppose the death penalty.
I believe firmly that we can accomplish great things in this country if millions of Americans begin to stand up and fight for real change.
 Here it is from Forbes: Bernie was for the auto bailout but against the Wall Street bailout: 
Our movement is about creating an America that ensures nobody working 40 hours a week has to live in poverty.
Bottom line: with ISIS in Libya, the 2011 intervention made us less safe. You don’t get extra points for good intentions.
It took to ask the first question about abortion at a Democratic town hall or debate. 
 Sanders: I believe health care is a right of all people.Baier: Excuse me, where did that right come from?Sanders: Being …
In a democratic society, politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera. We need a serious discussion about the issues.
When forced to defend a record of supporting bad trade deals, sometimes you say things that just aren't correct. 
Last night, went out of her way to mischaracterize my vote on the auto bailout. 
 Clinton's answer on fracking vs. Sanders' answer. 
 Another big line for in Dearborn 
The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America, and the effort to suppress it must be met by fierce resistance.
But to this day there are efforts by Republicans to make it harder for African-Americans, low-income people and senior citizens to vote.
From the "Sanders is actually on the record as supporting the auto bailout. He even voted for it."
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. Find your polling place: 
Stand with Bernie and send a clear message that we will NOT let big money influence our politics. Vote today.
It's your turn, Michigan. Find your polling place:  
Michigan, do want real change? Vote for Bernie this Tuesday, March 8. 
 Michigan friends! rally TODAY in Ann Arbor and music from and GO! 
 "Share that speech with the American people!" pressing for Goldman Sachs speeches
The reality is that Congress doesn’t regulate Wall Street. Wall Street, its lobbyists and their billions of dollars regulate Congress.
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages, and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent.
Tonight proved once again that we are well on our way towards winning this Democratic primary. Thank you, Maine!  
 Another way we can help the kids and families of Flint: donate what you can to   
 Hillary―boasting about all her donors―has raised 17% of her $ from small donors. Bernie raised 70% from small donors 
We all know my opponent has a very large super PAC. We fundraise a different way. Chip in:  
If you care about clean water in Flint, how can you turn around and support fracking? 
Safe fracking is like clean coal, pure fiction. 
Bernie doesn't ever support fracking. does. Big difference. 
Q. Do you support fracking? A. No. 
  "El problema de las drogas es un asunto de salud, no un problema de criminalidad" 
 Hillary has no clue that the "auto bailout" didn't save ONE single job in Flint. We used to have 80,000 GM jobs here. Today? 5…
 Bernie Sanders denouncing the mass incarceration provisions of the crime bill in April of 1994:  
 That's a big difference between Clinton WH ; Sanders: BS opposed the punitive aspects of the crime bill, while Clinton admin…
Madam Secretary: release your Wall Street speech transcripts. The American people deserve to know where you stand. 
As Bernie answers this question from Abigail’s father, consider visiting her GoFundMe page to support her family: 
Boeing is making billions of dollars a year and often pays no income taxes. Why do they need our taxpayer dollars? 
 The thing about getting from 90% to 100% is you need a plan to get there. Here’s one from
 Hillary Clinton made $2.9 million from just 12 speeches to big banks:   
Families in Flint will suffer from lead poisoning for the rest of their lives. It's time Governor Snyder resigned.  
FACT: Bernie Sanders supported the bailout of the auto industry in 2008. 
Bernie was one of the first, not one of the last, to oppose the job-killing TPP. 
Families in  will suffer from lead poisoning for the rest of their lives. It's time Governor Snyder resigned.  
Tune in to tonight's  live and  here: 
How do we have so much money to go to war in Iraq but somehow not enough money to provide clean drinking water to Flint? 
At the end of the day, I will trust the people to create a government that works for them, not Corporate America or Wall Street. 
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty. Add your name if you agree.  
We're glad that has finally joined us in calling for Gov. Snyder's resignation. 
Children in America should not be poisoned. The federal government must act. No one should pay a water bill for poisoned water. 
The governor of Michigan must resign, but more importantly we must take action to help the people of Flint. 
I've said it since day one: I can't do it alone. Watch the  and join the conversation.  
A campaign is not about what you said yesterday. It is about what you have stood for your entire career.
I helped write the Affordable Care Act. It's done some great things, but we must do more. 50 million are still uninsured or underinsured.
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank.
Maine, do you know where to caucus today for Bernie? Text ME to 82623 for your location!  
This is a sad day for America. Nancy Reagan had a good heart, and she will be dearly missed. 
It is time for our country to join every other major industrialized nation and guarantee health care to all as a right, not a privilege.
America’s radical transformation from a GM economy to a Wal-Mart economy has decimated the middle class. 
 ✅ Who: ; What: CNN  When: Tonight at 8p ET✅ Where: Live from Flint, MI
This campaign is not about me—it's about all of us. No president can accomplish what has to be done unless millions of people come together.
We need your help today, Maine! When you caucus, report delegate counts from your location at 
  My proposals "may be fantasy to the ruling class," but not to the working class  
U.S. trade policies proved disastrous for Detroit, Flint: 
 Live now: joins to discuss  election results.  
Maine: you vote today. The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America. Make your voice heard. 
  comes to  ahead of tonight's  in Flint, Michigan.
We’ve got the momentum, the energy and the excitement that will take us all the way to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia.
Thank you for the strong support, Nebraska! 
Thank you, Kansas! When we started this campaign, no one would have ever expected we’d win.  
I think Governor Snyder should do the right thing and resign. There are no excuses. 
It's time for the Walton family to pay their workers a living wage and get off of government welfare. 
I think if you're gonna get paid $225k for a speech it must be a good speech—Shakespearian. I can't wait to read it.
Tune in live to the Warren, Michigan rally where Bernie will be speaking soon!  
 إعلان حملة "بيرني ساندرز" باللغة العربية في الإذاعة في ولاية ميشيجان باسم "فلنقف متضامنين معا" . صوتوا يوم الثلاثاء 
Vote or caucus for Bernie to say  or  today to keep the White House!  
ICYMI: Bernie leads Trump at 55 percent to 43 percent and is also leading both Cruz and Rubio by double digits. 
 WATCH LIVE | speaks in  |  
 Campaign promise: "I will speak about poverty often and forcibly if I'm elected," says at African American T…
The right to vote is at the heart of freedom and equality in America, and the effort to suppress it must be met by fierce resistance.
We need your help today! When you vote, report delegate counts from your caucuses and turnout from your precincts. 
A Medicare-for-all plan will save the average middle-class family $5,000 a year.
We need your help today! When you vote, report delegate counts from your caucuses and turnout from your precincts. 
Voting or caucusing for Bernie in KS, LA or NE today? Use  or  and share this image! 
I welcome the hatred of the fossil fuel industry. I'm not afraid of them, not afraid of Wall Street and not afraid of corporate America.
 Phonebanking WINS elections. Will you join me?    
KS, LA and NE—You vote or caucus today! Text VOTE to 82623 to find your polling or caucus location!  
Kansas, Louisiana and Nebraska—Today is your day. Go out and vote or caucus:  
Stand with Bernie and send a clear message that we will NOT let big money influence our politics. Vote today. 
Stand with Bernie and send a clear message that we will NOT let big money influence our politics. Vote today. 
When we talk about public education, it is not just 1st grade through 12th. We need to make public colleges and universities tuition-free.
If we stand together united, we win. Find your caucus location: 
If we stand together united, we win. Find your caucus location: 
If we stand together united, we win. Find your caucus location: 
I have opposed disastrous trade agreements which have led to the loss of millions of decent-paying jobs.
   for TOMORROW    
We will continue to bring people together. We will not allow the Donald Trumps of the world to divide us up. 
  campaign in  is honored to have the endorsement of the Arab American News! 
 Watch live now: campaigns in Michigan.   
 To 4,755 in MI talks abt his YUGE crowds. Then: "I can't use that word anymore." Substitute: V large 
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now.
 Watch Graham Nash explain why "Bernie Sanders is one of us" in new video  
We must raise the minimum wage to a living wage. Congrats to for taking the first step to a $15/hr min. wage and paid leave.
 Before he debates in  will be on  this Sunday. Tune in at 9a and 12p ET. 
Today, 1 in 3 black males can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is an unspeakable tragedy.
We need real tax reform which demands that the very wealthy and large corporations start paying their fair share of taxes.
   for TOMORROW    
  Online Poll ( Dems): 66.4%, 32.5%  
What an insult to the thousands of families in Flint who needed help from their government months ago. 
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect:  
Louisiana, Kansas and Nebraska: it's your turn tomorrow! Make your voice heard.  
 🇺🇸 Louisiana PrimarySaturday, March 5 | 7am-8pm for Bernie! Every single vote helps with delegate count! h…
I voted against the USA Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward an Orwellian society.
Millions of children in this country are not receiving the quality early education that they need.  
 Sanders campaign finds fodder with Clinton’s TV appearance in India on outsourcing  
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires it produces but by how it treats its most vulnerable people. 
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard. 
Watch Bernie live in Edwardsville, IL where he will discuss a wide range of issues including college affordability.
Universal health care is an idea that has been supported in the US by Democratic presidents going back to FDR and Truman.
 Big crowd for in Edwardsville: 
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and provide health care as a right to every man, woman and child.
Your work could mean the difference between winning or losing upcoming states for Bernie. 
 After the haircut, joins 4,200 of his friends for a rally in Lawrence! 
Our campaign is a strong grassroots movement supported by middle-class Americans and working families, not billionaires buying elections.
People are becoming involved in this campaign because they want change — real change — and that is what this campaign is about.
Outcome in upcoming states depends on how many supporters we identify and turnout with phone calls.  
In many states, it's legal to fire someone for being gay or deny someone housing for being transgender. We're gonna change that! 
Think big, not small. Ask yourself: do I have to leave college with 30, 40 or 50 thousand dollars in debt? 
I do not receive millions of dollars from Big Pharma and I do not give speeches for hundreds of thousands of dollars to Wall Street.
Brothers, we must stand with our sisters in the fight for pay equity.  
Watch Bernie live at the Future to Believe In Rally in Lawrence, Kansas here:   
 ¿Qué le preguntarías a Compártenos tu pregunta aquí y prepárate para el  del 9 de marzo. 
Not many people know it, but Detroit was the richest city in America per capita in 1960. What changed? Bad trade deals killed Michigan jobs.
Change happens from the bottom up. Keep fighting, sisters and brothers.    
Looks like Tom Donohue was right in saying he’s not worried because if elected she’ll flip back to support it. 
  gets a haircut in Lawrence, KS; via 
You don’t create real public policy unless you listen to the science, and the science is clear: climate change is real.
As a society, we should never stigmatize women for breastfeeding in public. 
In my view, the NSA is out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner.
 35 years ago today, Bernie was elected mayor by 10 votes. If 10 people hadn't shown that day, we might not be here today.…
Here is a radical idea. Let’s listen to the scientists, not the politicians.  
Politicians who deny climate change is real, despite an overwhelming scientific consensus, are morally bankrupt. 
How about we stop spending $80 billion a year locking people up and get corporations out of the business of running jails. 
Bernie speaks to the overflow crowd at today's rally in Lincoln, Nebraska.  
 The Lied Center is completely full. An anxious crowd waiting for Sen. Sanders. If you can't attend, watch it live: 
 Kansas People’s Action ‘Feels the Bern,’ Endorses Sanders for PresidentOrganization's members say Vermont... 
43,000 Michiganders lost their jobs due to NAFTA. I opposed that bad deal, did not.
I know that Sec. Clinton and many of the establishment people think that I am looking and thinking too big. I don’t think so.
The people of Detroit know the real cost of Hillary Clinton's free trade policies. 
If we are going to win this primary, we have to be ready to fight, organize, and win in the states ahead. Volunteer: 
Our trade policy must change. Corporations must start investing to create jobs in Michigan and America, not in low-wage countries.
How did it happen that 600K manufacturing jobs – jobs that were once a ticket to the middle class – now pay a poverty wage of $9.60 an hour?
  knocking trade agreements he says were "written by corporations, for corporations" 
In 1960, the wealthiest city in America was Detroit. Today, it is the poorest big city.  
Happening now: press conference on job-killing trade deals in Michigan. Tune in live here: 
We have more billionaires in this country than any other nation. We also have more child poverty than nearly every other major nation.
If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, do you know what he would say about our huge banks? He would say break 'em up. And he would be right.
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy. We don't need more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance.
Looks like Michigan is ready to create a political revolution from the ground up. 
  speaking to a crowd of 10,000 supporters at Michigan State Univ. 
High-speed Internet access is no longer a luxury. It’s crucial for rural America to be connected and do business with the rest of the world.
Today, people living in Bucharest, Romania have access to much faster Internet than most of the US. That’s unacceptable and must change.
  Campaign Joins Battle to Save Jobs at Nabisco Plant 
I don’t believe in the agenda of the billionaire class. And what this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree. 
Every man, woman and child in our country should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income.
 and I agree on something. He and I both want to run against the other. Guess who wins? 
The outcome in upcoming states will depend on how many Bernie supporters we identify and turnout with phone calls. 
America’s 20 wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined. 
 Latino Vote Helps Bernie Sanders Surge to Victory in Colorado in Massive Dem Caucus Turnout  
We have the highest childhood poverty of nearly any major country on earth—you’re damn right I'm gonna talk about poverty. 
Watch our rally in Portland, Maine, live here:  
We want a nation where young black men and women can live without fear of being falsely arrested, beaten or killed.
 "He has what I like to call heart, soul agreement..." on at the NC Faith;Justice lunch. 
It’s time for a political revolution that takes on the fossil fuel billionaires and puts people before polluters. 
They have the money, but we have the people. In the end, I believe the people can win. Volunteer to help us win: 
Thank you 
The Supreme Court must reaffirm access to a safe and legal abortion as a woman’s constitutional right. 
"This country has socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor." - Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 
You win elections through a strong grassroots effort. Thank you, Oklahoma, Colorado, Minnesota and Vermont. 
Thank you to all of our volunteers and organizers who pulled it off in Minnesota. 
Welcome to the political revolution, Colorado! 
Thank you, Oklahoma!  
 El candidato demócrata reitera su objetivo de campaña: lograr una revolución política.  
 LIVE: - "We are going to end a corrupt campaign finance system!"   
 📺 En Estados Unidos vamos a acabar con las campañas corruptas —   
Your voice matters. Your vote matters. If you’re in line to vote, stay in line and practice democracy.
You still have time to get out and vote in  states! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information. 
 With Jerry Greenfield - Ben;Jerry's (drum roll) Supporting Bernie in Vermont   
Want real change? Vote for Bernie.  
Ready for a political revolution? Get out and vote! Text VOTE to 82623 for voting information.  
Amplify the vote! Call Bernie voters in  states to help with the final shift of the day: 
 Para los mocosos que no creen en Bernie, he wants to make the US  again! But YOU NEED to get out and VOTE! 
 Phonebanking is one of highest impact things you can do! Help us win :   
By voting today, you'll say loudly and clearly: this country belongs to all of us, not just the billionaires. 
 Who would Jesus vote for? To him walls, wealth, ; torture are non-starters, so probably the Jewish New Yorker from Vermont.
We need your help today! When you vote, report delegate counts from your caucuses and turnout from your precincts. 
 Coloradans support Get out and caucus for Bernie!    
America is about standing together. Not allowing ourselves to be divided by religion or nationality. 
 Are you ready to caucus tonight? Make sure you're eligible and make a plan!   
 This website  will tell you everything you need to know about voting on  now go vot…
AL, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VA, y VT—Hoy es tu día. Sal a votar. ¿Necesitas encontrar tu distrito electoral? 
Voting or caucusing for Bernie on  Use  or  and share this image! 
 El propósito de esta campaña es unir a la gente.Por favor sal hoy a votar por  
This government belongs to all of us, not just a wealthy few. That's what this campaign is about. This is your movement. 
 is someone I believe in. Someone who speaks the truth and is ready to make a change. For our future. GO VOTE…
 As we say in  no vote, no grumble. Your vote matters.   
 He's only unelectable if you don't vote    
 BREAKING: backtracks, would not impose fossil fuel moratorium on federal land on first day in office 
What this campaign is about is bringing people together. Please go vote today.  
 Want to be  Go vote if you live in a  state!   
Democrats win when voter turnout is high, when people come together and we reject division. Go vote.  
Get in line early to make sure you get in to your nearest caucus. Doors open at 6.30pm. 
Our country faces a critical choice today: continue as we are or fight for fairness? 
If we stand together united, we win.  
 Just voted for in  Thanks 
If we stand together united, we win.   
If we stand together united, we win.   
If we stand together united, we win.   
 All I can say is, if you're voting with a hope of slowing global warming,  has been the real …
Polls are open 7 am to 7 pm CST. More info:   
 Voted for on  us know using  Bernie's official tracking tool!
Our country faces a critical choice today: continue as we are or fight for fairness?  
Our fight for economic and social justice continues today. Make your voice heard.  
AL, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VA, and VT—Today is your day. Go out and vote. Need to find your polling place? 
If we stand together united, we win.    
If we stand together, united, we win.    
Our country faces a critical choice today: continue as we are or fight for fairness?  
Get in line early to make sure you get in to your nearest caucus. Doors open at 6.30pm.  
 "We will defeat [Trump], because we know that love trumps hatred." -   
Polls are open 7 am to 7 pm CST. More info:   
When we  anything is possible. Here’s all the info you’ll need to vote today:  
It’s  Oklahoma. You know what to do.  
If we stand together, united, we win.   
Doors open at 6 pm. Plan to arrive early to the caucus. More info:    
  is the best chance we have to keep a republican out of the white house: 
 Take a peak at this before you vote   
 If you're in a  State and can give rides to the polls, head to your nearest Bernie 2016 office!
Colorado, today you face a choice. Do we carry on as we are or do we fight for fairness?  
 Hey  Voters!  Vote 4 Why? Only Bernie Can Beat Trump!  
Polls are open from 7 am to 8 pm. Make your voice heard today:  
Our fight for economic and social justice continues today. Make your voice heard.  
I hope you show up to the polls today and make your voice heard. We know that when we  anything is possible. 
Massachusetts, today is your chance to make your voice heard in Washington.  
 Happening now: voting on  
Stand with Bernie and send a clear message that we will NOT let big money influence our politics. Vote today. 
Stand with Bernie and send a clear message that we will NOT let big money influence our politics. Vote today. 
Stand with Bernie and send a clear message that we will NOT let big money influence our politics. Vote today.
Stand with Bernie and send a clear message that we will NOT let big money influence our politics. Vote today. 
Instead of building more prisons, we need to be building more meaningful lives where young people can have a future.
Not only will we beat we will beat him badly. Because we know love trumps hate.  
You crushed our goal of raising $40 million for the month. Help us reach $45 million. 
  ; hilariously call for an end to $ in politics ; pledge support for
 "No woman in America who gives birth... should be forced to go back to work in a week or two," Sanders says. Watch: 
Let me be clear: We don't have a super PAC, don't want a super PAC and we don't NEED a super PAC. This is a people’s campaign. 
 Bernie Sanders picks up Detroit endorsements     
 Bernie can do it. let's keep this revolution going everyone.  donate to keep us going! 
I'm not quite sure how you bring about real change in America if your super PAC collects millions from Wall St.  
 Massachusetts is feeling the Bern big time fo   
Wanna hear a radical idea? We're gonna create a government that works for all of us and not just the top 1 percent.  
About to take the stage for our rally in Milton, MA. Tune in LIVE: 
Let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win.  
Midwest for Bernie: If you haven't liked our official Facebook page, go check it out right now:  
 Just gave $27 at  Donate &gt;$15 on   ; get this    
I think if you’re gonna get paid $200,000 for a speech it must be a pretty damned good speech. I can’t wait to read it.
 Proud to support Bernie!  
My opponent has a very large super PAC. We fundraise a different way. Chip in:  
 If we want a Democrat in the White House, Bernie is our best chance to beat the GOP.   
I'm not just asking for your vote. I'm asking for your support the day after the election.  
The truth is you can't change a corrupt system by taking its money. Donate:  
 We need a revolution in how healthcare is provided in this country. 
 It's  We need all hands on deck.   
Contribute before tonight's deadline to send a message to the billionaire class: You can't have it all.  
  just made a personal call to action for    
  VOTE BERNIE tomorrow on  
 FACT: is our best chance at beating the GOP in November   
Fighting for social justice is never easy. It is always a struggle. Join us:   
 America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism, hatred, and bigotry.  
Let us make history tomorrow.  
 Today is  Know what to do tomorrow—find how to vote for  in your state:  htt…
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy. When we do that we change America. 
Tomorrow, voters in 11 states will have the chance to vote for the Democratic nominee for President.  
 The power of the people is stronger than the people in power.    
 Getting geared up for the doors for in western MA   
  ; Share!!Contribute TODAY:  and Vote TOMORROW!    h…
 "Facebanking" with  lets you contact people who like Bernie in Super Tuesday states. Use it on 
When people come together, we can beat any amount of money thrown around by Goldman Sachs executives.  
 We can do it! Every dollar counts.   
We'll win because togetherness trumps divisiveness, community trumps selfishness and love trumps hate. 
 We need someone willing to stand up for what we need.  
 Who beats Trump, Rubio, Cruz? Only does!   Sign-up &gt;  
 To all the Super Tuesday states and territories, every vote counts! Take back your Democracy tomorrow.  
Vote to win the White House.  
Great article by This is exactly what our campaign is talking about.
Today is one of the most important days of our campaign: the final FEC deadline before Super Tuesday. Chip in: 
Thank you for your endorsement!
 I hereby endorse to be our Democratic nominee for President of the United States.  
560 Physicians and Medical Students Set the Record Straight on Medicare for All
Make a $2.70 contribution and help us hit our goal of raising $40 million in February before tonight's FEC deadline. 
We are creating an unprecedented grassroots movement which taps into the American people's desire for real change in this country.
Tune in now to the for a discussion on the issues facing our nation.
On the road with my most trusted adviser
Bernie Sanders can’t do this alone. We've gotta do it together through a strong grassroots movement.  
Native Americans know that if you destroy nature you destroy life. That is what we’re doing globally and that has got to change. 
  "We can and must do much better for the native Americans in this country"  
  takes the stage to a roar at in Fort Collins. 
This campaign is about a political revolution — millions of people standing up and saying "enough is enough."
This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, or Donald Trump. This campaign is about you.
 WATCH: on Clinton's speeches: If you get $200,000 for a speech, "must be a pretty damn good speech."
 I officially endorse for President! Calling all fractivists! Get out ;  
America should be known as the country with the best educated population in the world, not the country with the most people in jail!
 Me in my younger days... Wait, that's someone else!   - my FB post here:  
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect: 
Bernie trumps the GOP. If we want a Democrat in the White House, Bernie is our best chance to beat Republicans. 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. 
America's first black president cannot and will not be succeeded by a hatemonger who refuses to condemn the KKK.
Want real change, Colorado? Caucus for Bernie on Super Tuesday. 
Want real change, Oklahoma? Vote for Bernie on Super Tuesday. 
Want real change, Minnesota? Caucus for Bernie on Super Tuesday. 
Want real change, Massachusetts? Vote for Bernie on Super Tuesday.
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future.
Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Help us win! 
 Phones and doors for   
The U.S. spends more on health care per person than any other advanced nation in the world. Yet we leave millions overlooked.
As a veteran of the Iraq War, Rep. understands the cost of war. I am honored to have her endorsement.
 I resigned from the DNC ; endorsed to be our next President and Commander-in-Chief.  Here's why: 
 EXCLUSIVE on  resigned from position as DNC Vice Chair to support 
 BREAKING on  just announced her resignation as DNC Vice Chair and endorsement of 
We have a moral obligation to provide for the wounded and ensure that all veterans receive every benefit they have earned and deserve.
 Sen will join us this morning on  to discuss last night's  and  upcoming  Tun…
It's time for this injustice to end.
I am very proud of the campaign we ran and grateful for our grassroots supporters. This campaign is just beginning. 
"It is the public — not the candidate — who decides how much disclosure is enough."  
Do you know where to vote for Bernie today? Text SC to 82623 to find your polling location! 
 The view from backstage at Bernie Sanders's rally in Grand Prairie, Texas 
Killer Mike wants you to go vote for Bernie right NOW. Polls are open to 7 p.m. Get out and vote! 
A strong showing today across South Carolina will shock the political establishment. Grab your friends and family and come out and vote.
  will be on  tomorrow following the  Don't miss it! 
 Official crowd count for Austin Tx rally just over 10,000 people  
Killer Mike and Nina Turner stopped by our Columbia, S.C. office for the afternoon canvass launch.  
 WATCH: to speak soon at  
  crowd welcomes to the stage 
South Carolina: we have come a long way here in the last nine months. I urge you to come out and vote today.
South Carolina — Need to look up your polling location to vote for Bernie?  
South Carolina — It’s your turn to vote for our political revolution. Polls are open from 7am to 7pm. 
  says he voted for Jessie Jackson for President in 1988:  
 Amazing celebrity supporters along w/ great volunteers phone banking to the max in Colorado!   
It is well past time for Congress to appropriate resources to reduce application fees for immigration benefits. 
 "Welcome to the political revolution. Thank you all." - wraps it up for  
 I endorse Bernie Sanders for president of the United States. He's leading a movement to reclaim America for the many, not the …
It's time to ensure that every worker in this country has access to paid family leave, paid sick time and paid vacation leave.
What is going on in America? We should be hiring educators, not firing them! 
South Carolina, are you ready to vote tomorrow? Look up your polling location here:  
To the vast majority of the American people, democracy means one person, one vote -- not billionaires buying elections through super PACs.
 "I was there for the March on Washington w/Dr. Martin Luther King" talks voting equality to students
 New ad takes on fracking, and proposes putting people before polluters.
Tune in now to catch introduction at our Orangeburg rally in South Carolina!   
"I will certainly look into it."21 days 19 hours 6 minutes
I have a radical idea: instead of having unfettered free trade, we should have fair trade protecting workers in the U.S. and abroad.
Delaware — Today is the deadline to change your party affiliation to Democrat to vote for Bernie! Change yours here: 
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. Join our campaign for president at 
 ICYMI: Raúl Grijalva: Sanders detendrá las deportaciones injustas - Univision  
Killer Mike and Nina Turner visiting Stroy's Barber Shop in Columbia, S.C. to talk to voters. 
Actor and activist Danny Glover on why he is supporting our campaign for president:
 Here's how Wal-Mart explains the difference between Clinton and Sanders  
When the people stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. 
 WATCH LIVE: speaking soon in Hibbing.  
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent-paying jobs. 
Last night, joined students in SC to phone bank voters. Today, we'll be at Claflin University. Join us! 
 This is why I respect - he's not just talking he's demanding specific action  
I have a 98% pro-union voting record. I believe that the middle class will not grow unless we strengthen the American trade union movement.
Since 2001, bad trade policies caused 60,000 factories in America where workers were earning decent wages and decent benefits to close.
 Sanders unloads on Clinton during raucous speech in Chicago 
This great university is being threatened with cuts. What is going on in America? Where are our priorities?
 "It's refreshing to have a candidate who speaks his mind, who makes sense." -Michael Stipe on Bernie Sanders 
It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016, in the United States of America, we are poisoning our children. 
"We need politicians who will stand with Indian territories that oppose these pipelines being built on our lands."
Ever notice how most of the pundits seem pro-Clinton? 
NYT agrees: should release her Wall Street transcripts. Day 20 since she said "I will look into it." 
Join rapper and activist at our National Day of Action Phone Bank happening right now in Orangeburg. 
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages. They're overworked, underpaid, and under enormous stress.
All immigrants, including undocumented workers and their families, should be able to get health insurance through the Affordable Care Act.
 One of the many  residents explaining to concerns about water use, how it's being tested. 
Bernie is in Flint, Michigan, right now participating in a community forum. Watch live here: 
 After several large rallies, more intimate setting for  forum on water crisis, infrastructure 
What welfare reform did, in my view, was to go after some of the weakest and most vulnerable people in this country.
Let us be clear: the campaign finance system in the U.S. is corrupt, it is undermining democracy and it needs to be fundamentally changed.
 Ohio doesn't vote until March 15. This crowd in Cuyahoga County sounds ready to rock right now. 
  campaigns in Berea, Ohio – LIVE at 10:30am ET online here:   
 The new list of environmentalists for is...a good list. People who've been in the trenches 
When a police officer breaks the law - like any other public official - that police officer must be held accountable.
  headed to Flint today for community forum on   via
 Great day knocking doors in Dallas ; talking w/ lati |  Bernie's message is resonating  is  
Woody Guthrie is one of the greatest musicians in history. His songs spoke to the reality of working-class life.
  text SC to 82623 to find your polling location information.  
Nothing is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our grandchildren. 
 Former State Senator now speaking ahead of Sanders in Tulsa:  
 Bernie Sanders discovers the Woody Guthrie Center in Tulsa, Oklahoma. 
I believe that a handful of banks on Wall Street are too big and powerful and need to be broken up. Another candidate does not agree.
I do not have a super pac. One candidate has a super pac which receives many millions of dollars from Wall Street. One of us does not.
I'm proud to have received a perfect score from We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change.
 It's back! The  returns tomorrow w/ live from the Univ. of Chicago  
Washington is too busy representing the interests of wealthy campaign contributors to worry about the middle class. 
If we stand together, if we build a political revolution, there is nothing we can't accomplish. 
We need to invest in jobs and job training, rather than building more and more jails and locking up more and more people.
Excited to be in Kansas City, Missouri to discuss a wide range of issues important to Missourians. Watch live here:
It's unacceptable that billionaire families can leave virtually all of their wealth to their families without paying a reasonable fair tax.
Vermont, today is your last chance to register to vote in the primary! Visit  to register ​online by 5PM tonight.
Just a reminder. 
 We've been conditioned to believe we have to accept incremental change when what we need is transformative change.
We will take on the drug and insurance industry and make it clear that health care must be a right for ALL. I won't leave 29 million behind.
How we will end childhood poverty in America today? By standing together. As one nation. As a united nation. 
One of the highest childhood poverty rates in the country is right here in South Carolina. This is wrong and we're gonna change that.
Today, shamefully, the United States has the highest childhood poverty rate of any major developed country on earth.
When we guarantee health care as a right, you take a huge bite out of poverty.
We judge a country not by the number of billionaires it produces but by how it treats the most vulnerable people. 
  "I'm a United States senator. I don't hear the word poverty talked about terribly much at all." 
We must pursue policies that transform America into a nation that affirms the value of its people of color.
  campaign manager: "His political life began in the civil rights movement"  
 Just used  to find how to vote absentee in Illinois since I'll be out of town for the primary. It…
  endorses believes he will   
 Legisladores y residentes de Colorado en apoyo a 
 This is what Democrats believe.  
 believes Republicans should set the standard for disclosure of her Wall Street speeches. Aren’t we better than that?
  says he respects Clinton: "In the midst of a campaign crazy things happen, but that's the truth." 
 "It is too late in my view for establishment politics, establishment economics," says  
¿Qué tipo de país quieres tener?  ¿Estás listo para luchar por él? 
Taking on the tobacco industry is something I would enjoy doing very, very much. 
This campaign is relying on small campaign donors, over 1,000,000 of them, 27 bucks a piece. That's who I'm indebted to. Not Wall Street.
 "...i say vote for me and together when millions of us stand up we can make real change in this country.” —
Instead of cutting programs for seniors, children and veterans, we are gonna demand large corporations and the wealthy pay their fair share.
It is absurd that the top one-tenth of one percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. 
"My father is from Poland. No one has asked for my birth certificate. Maybe it has to do with the color of my skin." 
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform. 
  is up first in  Watch CNNgo:  
 The arts are essential to our development as human beings and are essential for healthy living.  
This campaign is based upon a very simple principle: Real change never comes from the top on down. It always comes from the bottom up.
Our health care plan is the only plan that would provide care for all Americans, regardless of income.
We are accomplishing what the political establishment said was impossible. Don't underestimate us. 
Join Jane Sanders in Columbia, South Carolina for a conversation on education today. 
We can live in a nation where every person, no matter their sexual orientation, realizes the promise of equality.
 raised from small dollar fundraising:secretary clinton: 17.8 percentsen. sanders: 71.1 percent
"When Bernie gets to the White House, he will do the right thing. No flipping, no flopping." - 
Democratic socialism means that going to a public university tuition free would be a right in this country. 
 LIVE NOW: holds campaign rally in Norfolk, Virginia  
 has used his celebrity status in the fight for racial economic justice and I thank him for that. 
"I will certainly look into it." - Voters deserve to know what she told Wall Street and Big Pharma behind closed doors.
When you're sick, you shouldn't have to worry about finding the money to go to a doctor.
If you want a candidate who is going to defeat Donald Trump, you’re looking at him. 
 Spike Lee endorses in South Carolina radio ad. "Bernie takes no money from corporations. Nada!" 
"The more people get to know Bernie, what he stands for and his consistency, the more people support him."
 "Every person in this room has enormous power," Sanders says at UMass Amherst. Watch live: 
 Watch live: Bernie Sanders holds rally at UMass Amherst  
 Our Home | "I believe in because he believes in us." 
 Big crowd at Amherst for  About 7,000 or more. 
I’m not running for president because it’s my turn, but because it’s everyone's turn to live in a nation of hope and opportunity for all.
 I wish I could knock on every door, Danny Glover says, firing up SC voters for 
New analysis from Sanders won the Latino vote in Nevada. 
 WATCH LIVE: holds press conference in Boston  
  says he's delighted has adopted more and more of his positions/language. 
It's been 17 days, 16 hours and 32 minutes since said she would "look into" releasing her paid speeches to Wall Street.
This campaign is about bringing people together. We understand that when we stand together, there is nothing we can't accomplish.
 is a movement builder! Lets build the movement!   
  campaigning in SC with actor Danny Glover. Watch live -  
 HAPPENING NOW: makes a stop at the Sumter SC prayer breakfast with 
There would be nothing that would give me greater pleasure than beating
Republicans should worry more about their grandkids and the future of our planet than their campaign contributors. 
While Bernie rallied in downtown Greenville, volunteers kept calls going strong. Join us: 
If you want a candidate who’s going to defeat Donald Trump, you’re looking at him.  
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street. Not us. 
Here's the reality: the status quo is not enough. We need real change. And we're not gonna get that by tinkering at the margins. 
Racism, sexism, and bigotry is not what this country is supposed to be about. 
 In Greenville SC, Danny Glover warms up crowd for "we make our history right here in this moment!" 
  in Greenville: "On Saturday, South Carolina has the opportunity to make American history." 
  "They come out of college indentured servants"  
  Campaign Rally in Greenville, SC - LIVE AT 5pm ET on C-SPAN   
  makes a surprise visit to a Sunday church supper in South Carolina  
Thank you Rev. Charles Jackson and your congregation for the warm welcome today.
My message to you today is straightforward: If elected president, I will rein in Wall Street so they can’t crash our economy again.
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities.
 Senator Sanders states that he supports the Safe Country Safe Harbor proposal to reform  
 A big thank you, and warm welcome, to for joining our 
 Ben Jealous introduces tells room they should dream big 
Kids are jailed for possessing marijuana or other minor crimes. Nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions.
It is time to take marijuana off the federal list of controlled substances and let states decide.
 "She will be outspending us... because of her Super PAC" says on Clinton 
We need to solve problems like immigration in America, not use these issues to promote division and hostility.
 What we learned today is Hillary Clinton's firewall with Latino voters is a myth. 
 JUST IN: currently leading among Hispanics:   
  "We are bringing working people and young people into the political process"  
   Night Speech - LIVE on C-SPAN  
Proud that we brought many working and young people into the political process. We have the wind at our back as we head into Super Tuesday.
I am very proud of the campaign we ran. Five weeks ago we were 25 points behind and we ended up in a very close election.
I want to thank the people of Nevada for the support they have given us and the boost that their support will give us as we go forward.
 Ent. polls: 79% of voters in  think "cares about people like me"  
Si estás en la línea del caucus, ¡NO TE VAYAS! No necesitas ID para registrarte. ¿Cualquier pregunta? Llama al 702-778-4336 
 In line for  Stay in line and make your voice heard! 
 Amazing turnout and lots of excited folks at Wester High School ready to caucus for Bernie! 
 It's time Nevada, let's do this!    
If you're in line to caucus, DO NOT LEAVE! You don't need ID to caucus or to register to vote. Any issues? Call 702-778-4336.
Tens of thousands of fellow Bernie supporters are on their way to the caucus. Get to your caucus location now. 
Nevada, you've got just enough time to head out and caucus for Bernie. Text CAUCUS to 82623 to find your caucus location and head over now.
This campaign isn’t about me. This campaign is about US. Nevada, go caucus today at 11am.  
Look up your caucus location here:  
Together, we can send a message that will echo from Wall Street to Washington, from Maine to California. Go caucus. 
Questions or issues about caucusing today? Call our hotline:  
 If you care about: The environment 🌎Our schools 📚Young Nevadans🚸 You need to caucus today! Here's how: 
Nevada: today we caucus. Get to your caucus location by 11am. If there is a large voter turnout, we can win. Join history in the making.
We can live in a country where every veteran receives the health care and benefits they have earned and receives the respect they deserve.
Nevada, please help us move the political revolution forward! 
 When says he wants to  to $15     
This campaign is gaining momentum because we are listening to the pain of the people. They want real change! 
Nevada, I have a feeling that we are going to make a little bit of history tomorrow! 
Tune in live to Bernie speaking at the Henderson rally before tomorrow's caucus in Nevada: 
 Campaign confirms photo of man arrested at 1963 protest on South Side is Bernie Sanders  
  Campaign Rally in Henderson, NV – LIVE shortly on C-SPAN   
 Supporters and Heidi Swank just wrapped up speeches here at rally   
Through good times and bad, Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American – on time and without delay.
Corporations cut millions of retirement dreams by ending benefit pension plans, but Social Security was right there with full benefits.
 Joining us tomorrow... Jane Sanders, wife of  
Today, 85% of working men and 66% of working women work more than 40 hours a week. 
We must end the over incarceration of non-violent young Americans who do not pose a serious threat to our society. 
We must rewrite bad trade agreements like NAFTA. They have been a disaster for the American worker.
 Message of Bernie Sanders's New Ad: The Housing Crisis Isn't Over  via
ICYMI: "The Clintons, when they were in office, weren’t exactly friends to immigrants." 
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect:  
When people stand together, and are prepared to fight back, there's nothing we can't accomplish. 
 America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism, hatred, and bigotry.  ht…
Nevada, Bernie can't do this alone. Caucus tomorrow at 11AM.  
Wondering if you're eligible to caucus in Nevada? Help us win Nevada!  
Find your caucus location by texting CAUCUS to 82623!  
 200 Dreamers who were brought by their undocumented parents, converged on Sanders' East Las Vegas office to canvass. 
 Nicholas want a candidate with the best racial justice platform. How about you?  
Nevada, Look up your caucus location here:   
Welcome to the political revolution. 
Questions or issues? Call our hotline:  
It's time to end bigotry and build a nation in which we stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric we're hearing. 
Khi ta nói không với sự thù hằn và kì thị chủng tộc, Mỹ sẽ trở nên hùng mạnh và đoàn kết hơn.  
If we stand together, if we build a political revolution, there is no limit to what we can accomplish. 
This campaign is about a political revolution — millions of people standing up and saying, enough is enough. 
 Para todos todo, para nosotros nada.  
 Nevada, every vote counts. Take back your Democracy on Saturday.   
 This election isn't about about bringing  and increasing engagement in democracy htt…
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy. When we do that we change America. 
当我们站在一起，反对种族歧视，仇恨，和偏执，美国将更伟大.  
Nevada, commit to caucus for Bernie:  
 Bernie has said it since day one: He can’t do this alone. This is our movement.   
أمريكا يصبح  أحسن وطن عندما نحن نقف معاً ونقول لا الى العنصرية والكراهية والتعصب الأعمى   
 Honoured to work with campaign on these translations of my poster.  
जब हम साथ मिलकर जातिवाद, नफरत और कट्टर्ता से इनकार करते हैं, अमेरिका एक बेहतर राष्ट्र बन जाता है। 
 Mas dakila ang Amerika kung tayo’y magkakaisang lalaban sa pagka-mapanlahi, poot, at inhustisya. 
Estados Unidos es un mejor país cuando juntos le decimos NO al racismo, al odio, y la intolerancia.  
 I believe we must stand together to address the real issues, and not allow them to divide us by race or where we come from. …
America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism, hatred, and bigotry.  
 WATCH LIVE: meets with Nevada voters  
Before Social Security was signed into law, nearly half of our senior citizens lived in poverty.
Republicans (and some Democrats!) want to cut COLAs for Social Security. If I'm president, that ain't gonna happen.
Republicans (and some Democrats!) want to cut COLAs for social security. If I'm president, that ain't gonna happen.
People are sick and tired of establishment politics and they want real change.
  is soon!  ; make calls 4 by clicking here:   
People of color are incarcerated, policed and sentenced to death at significantly higher rates than their white counterparts.
Under my health care plan, people will no longer have to choose between health care and other necessities like food, heat and shelter.
Nevada, do you know where your caucus location is? Find it easily here: 
I am proud to stand with Culinary 226 in their fight for a better union health care contract! 
This is what a paid speech looks like:Don't worry. The $500 payout was given to charity.

"We have to send a clear message, just because your child gets across the border, that doesn't mean the child gets to stay." - HRC, 2014
Flashback: Hillary Clinton: Unaccompanied Minors 'Should Be Sent Back' 
  says scary stories of wait times abroad are mostly myth. He's right. Here's primary care ... (1/3) 
 Really It's ok to oppose licenses for our undocumented people because you support CIR?? That's exactly t…
Glad to hear promise to remove the three and ten year bars against returning immigrants put in place by the Clinton admin.
29 million Americans don’t have health insurance.31 million are underinsured.That’s rationing. Those are wait times.
  When I talk about democratic socialism, I am talking about Social Security. 
'Socialist' programs from FDR and LBJ:✅ Social Security✅ Minimum Wage✅ Medicare and Medicaid✅ 40-hour work week
I've talked to too many young Lati scared that tomorrow their mom or dad may be deported. We must unite, not divide families.
 WATCH from tonight's  'Do away with mandatory minimum sentences'  
Every child in America, regardless of their family's income, must be able to get the education they deserve. It's not a radical idea.
"Today in 2016, in many respects, a college degree is the equivalent of what a high school degree was 50 years ago." 
  Instead of giving tax breaks to billionaires … put money into the hands of working people. 
We have gotta rewrite bad trade agreements like the TPP and NAFTA which displace millions of people.  
  rightfully points out the pay gap for women, and how it gets worse for women of color. 
We must dismantle inhumane deportation programs and detention centers.  
We must declare DREAMers eligible for in-state tuition if they meet state residency requirements. 
I've put forward an immigration plan that protects children and keeps families together. It is time for to do the same.
"It is simply unacceptable that 35 percent of African-American children are living in poverty." 
We need immigration reform to make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers. The 2007 bill didn't meet that standard.
"This country owes Senator Harry Reid a debt of gratitude." 
  on government surveillance: I am very fearful about Big Brother  
Clinton Electability Faces Scrutiny:  via Mark Gersh
Nevada, do you know how you are getting to the Caucus on Saturday? let us know if you need a ride: 
"Si uno toma dinero de los poderosos acabará teniendo que devolver el favor." - Rogelio Llamas, Nevada
I voted against the war in Iraq. I am vigorously opposed to an endless war in the Middle East.
 People can sense the truth when they get to hear it.¡Viva los revolucionarios! ¡Viva Bernie!  
Our nation’s infrastructure is collapsing and the American people know it. Let's invest in America. 
Nevada, do you know what time you need to be there on Saturday, Feb 20? That one is easy: plan to be there at 11am. 
We must continue to fight Republican attacks on the fundamental rights of women to control their own bodies. 
The need for real campaign finance reform is not a progressive or conservative issue. It is an American issue. 
Our nation’s infrastructure is collapsing, and the American people know it. Let's invest in America. 
"democracy is essentially a pro-active citizenry demanding public servants represent just causes." 
We can live in a country where every citizen has health care as a right, not a privilege.
Businesses would save over $9,400 a year in health care costs for the average employee under my Medicare-for-All plan.
Powered by folks like you all across NV, we'll show that the people, standing united, shouldn't be underestimated. 
Nuestro compromiso debe ser siempre defender a las familias trabajadoras, no premiar a los bancos de Wall Street.
With the Nevada caucus on Saturday, I want to know what your plan is to get there and make your voice heard. 
 Civil Rights Ldrs mtg w just started after opening statements by all 
Inequality Will Not Go Away On Its Own. Here’s How to Close the Gap. via 
 New w/ on his time with the ; his support for  
    strongly supporting 'El Bernie' by  
  in DC meeting with leaders of several civil rights organizations this morning. 
 Cuando habla del "fraude" de Wall Street muchos asienten en Nevada  
We need to end prisons for profit, which result in an over-incentive to arrest, jail and detain, in order to keep prison beds full.
 Inside the app factory w/ his army of coders 
The political revolution continues in Nevada, but we can’t do it without you. If we show up on caucus day, we can win—it’s that simple.
 Todos los latinoamericanos que viven en Estados Unidos y defienden las leyes en favor de los inmigrantes deberían votar por …
 Bienvenido a Las Vegas. Ya está haciendo llamadas para apoyar a  
Acclaimed artist and actvist Shepard Fairey has a new design in the Bernie Store: 
  shirts avail. NOW!     
Nevada, participate in democracy this Saturday and go caucus:  
Ben Cohen stopped by three of our SC offices today to talk about ending Citizens United. Here he is in Greenville. 
We must heed Pope Francis' call to put compassion at the center of our immigration policy.  
Today, shamefully, we have more than 12 million Latinos living in poverty in this country. 
The Red Hot have a message for you...
If there is a high turnout on Saturday, I think we can win. I urge you all: come out with your family and caucus. 
You don't want to miss this chance for a political revolution.
Feeling the Bern? Set your alarm to wake up on Saturday.
You can watch cartoons any time. Here's something you can only do on Saturday.
Saturday plan: wake up, caucus, go back to bed.
On Saturday: wake up, take part in a political revolution, go back to bed.
What's your plan for Saturday? Wake up for Bernie, caucus, go back to bed.
We can make history on Saturday. Don't miss this chance.
On Saturday: wake up, take part in a political revolution, go back to bed.
Wake up to caucus for Bernie on Saturday!
We can make history on Saturday. Don't miss this chance.
You don't want to miss this chance for a political revolution.
Feeling the Bern? Set your alarm to wake up on Saturday.
Wake up to caucus for Bernie on Saturday!
 "We pay much much more than any other country for prescription drugs...Seniors are cutting pills in half." 
 "If you lift the cap, you can extend the solvency of  expand benefits." - 
Too often, issues pertaining to seniors don't get enough discussion so I am glad we are having this event. 
I'll be speaking soon about Social Security, high drug prices and  Medicare at  Watch LIVE here: 
Missouri's voter registration deadline is today, and it's an OPEN primary! Visit  for details.
Your volunteer shifts are working and we are almost there. Sign up for as many phone bank shifts as you can: 
People in American jails are disproportionately people of color. That’s the reality in America today. That’s a reality that has to change.
A handful of people on Wall Street have extraordinary power. In 2008, their illegal behavior nearly destroyed the U.S. and global economy.
I believe when we stand together, when we share the vision that government should work for all of us, there is nothing we can't accomplish.
This government belongs to all of us, not just a wealthy few. That is what this campaign is about. That is the political revolution.
 Bernie has heeded Dr. King's advice: a genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus 
I will lead the effort for comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship.
I ask you to join me in this campaign to build a future that works for all of us, and not just the few on top. 
 Feel the Bern: on stage now, at  
 WATCH LIVE: introduces at   
The decision about abortion is a decision for a woman and her doctor to make, not the government.
 How welcomes VIDEO: 
Over 20 percent of our children are living in poverty -  the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on earth.
When voter turnout is high, Democrats and progressives win. When voter turnout is low and people are demoralized, Republicans win.
Learn what you need to know to caucus for Bernie in Nevada! Then commit to caucus here: 
Real change comes about when large numbers of ordinary Americans get involved in the democratic process. 
 Crowd on their feet applauding Bernie Sanders for saying no to super pacs and Wall Street money 
 Yet another packed house. addressed the crowd in Charleston, SC.  ✊🏽🇺🇸✊🏽🔥🔥 
"Enough is enough of our police officers targeting people of color." - South Carolina Rep. Wendell Gilliard 
 Eric Garner's daughter Erica joins in SC 
We have today a corrupt campaign finance system which is undermining American democracy. 
Not sure how to caucus? It's easy! Watch this video and make a plan to caucus this Saturday, February 20th.
Illinois' registration deadline is today, but the state also has grace-period in select locations. Visit  for info!
 I've endorsed because I see his willingness to speak truth to power.  
 ‘Single-issue’ candidate Bernie Sanders touches on 20 issues during a Michigan campaign stop 
 WATCH  Bernie Sanders speaks at a town hall in Columbia, SC.  
Florida and Ohio, today is your last chance to register to vote in the primary. Visit  to register now!
 Feel the Bern HBCU Tour stops   - 2.16.16 
It is beyond my comprehension that in the year 2016, in the United States of America, we are poisoning our children.
With 14 primaries and caucuses in the next three weeks, we’ll need to be ready. Sign up for a volunteer shift: 
Let's create a political revolution that transforms the economy that works for all of us, not just the powerful few.
  supporters are gathering early outside the Crawford County Courthouse for today's early voting! 
  describes his meeting with families in Flint at a massive rally in Michigan 
American democracy is one person, one vote – with every citizen having an equal say – and no voter suppression.
 In Nevada, a tightening race threatens Clinton’s post-New Hampshire ‘firewall,’ w/ 
We are building together is a political revolution that will bring tens of millions of people together. Join us: 
It would be a nice idea for Republicans to read the Constitution of the United States.
The Constitution is very clear: has a duty to nominate SCOTUS justices. Let's have a hearing and a vote.
Excited to be visiting South Carolina tomorrow starting with a Town Hall with in the morning. 
Proud to have the support of Peace Action. 
  being introduced by another Bernie: UAW Local 600 President Bernie Ricke. 
Paid family and medical leave, health care for all - these are ideas that exist in every other major country on earth.
 Columbia, SC. Tuesday at Allen University. Pull up.  
South Carolina, please join me with Representative Gilliard for a town hall in Charleston tomorrow afternoon: 
  draws big crowd at Eastern Michigan.    via 
 The battle for the Democratic nomination in Nevada is largely being waged by young Latinos  
Democrats win when the voter turnout is high. When people come together and we reject division. Register to vote: 
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again: health care should be a right, not a privilege. 
Join me in Atlanta tomorrow for a rally with and RSVP here: 
I believe what is required in this moment is to think big. When the people lead, the leaders follow. 
Alabama, today is the last day for you to register to vote. Visit  to register today and help us win!
 WATCH LIVE: is speaking live at  
  ripped into Republicans for their continued denial of climate change
 This is what it looks like when Bernie gives 48 hour notice that he's coming to Michigan!  
Civil rights icon and entertainer explains why our campaign is the best choice for America.
 How pays for his proposals.   
We do not represent the interests of Wall Street or the billionaire class. We don't want their money. This is a people's campaign.
I am overwhelmed that we have received more individual contributions than any candidate in U.S. history at this point in a campaign.
You can have a different point of view on immigration or anything else, but we cannot be attacking people because of their religion.
 The pragmatic case for Bernie Sanders  
I am glad to see the Colorado Springs health center reopen today.   
Next time you hear a politician talking about “family values,” ask yourself if they support measures which really help working families.
Every year, the federal government makes billions of dollars in profits off of student loans. We must end this most revolting practice!
We have the momentum here in Nevada but I need your help. This is it. Sign up for a volunteer shift right now: 
Nearly eight out of ten workers who can take time off under the Family and Medical Leave Act cannot do so because they can’t afford it.
Thank you Dr. Fowler and your congregation for the warm welcome today at service. 
Happy Valentine's Day from Nevada! 
I took on Wall Street and opposed deregulation. I now believe that we need to break up financial institutions that are too big to fail.
  and make phone calls 4    
Our campaign is funded by the people, others are funded by Wall Street and big money interest.
 Says Lucy Flores: I believe now we need a political revolution. 
 Just met 3.5 month old Oliver Jack Carter Lomas Las Vegas rally. His mom says he's a  
The history of this nation has attempted to divide us. That doesn't solve problems, it makes them worse. 
Here in NV we send a strong message to the country: we will not stand for establishment politics. 
 WATCH LIVE: holds rally in Las Vegas  
 Crowd waits for at Bonanza HS in Vegas. Chants of "Feel the Bern" ripple across the gym 
Proud to be on the opposite side of an anti-immigration hate group. 
 On the beat today. Lots of people at Bonanza feelin' the Bern. 
America is about standing together as one people, not allowing ourselves to be divided up by religion or nationality.
Executives at Exxon pioneered the research on climate change before anyone else did, and lied about it to protect their bottom line.
 "The momentum is with us, and we're going to do quite well in South Carolina,"  tells
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30,000 each. That’s unsustainable and unforgivable.
 I've joined in a call to save our water system -  THIS IS A MATTER OF NATIONAL SECURITY 
  hopes Pres. Obama nominates replacement for Scalia "as soon as possible"  
 Senator will be on  this morning. Don't miss it!
  interviewed on Here's what Sanders said about the  
 Coming up on Democratic Presidential Candidate  
We must put an end to discriminatory laws and the purging of minority-community names from voting rolls.
  "We need healthcare in the United States for all people." Tune in to to watch interview.
  and in today’s  just one example of need to upgrade water supply 
As President, I will make public colleges and universities free, and we’re going to pay for it by putting a tax on Wall Street speculation.
 Listening the at the   
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts, while children in America go hungry.
GOTV for our campaign in Nevada is under way. I need your help. Sign up for a shift: 
  has signed the pledge to  We urge to sign too  
 Nice to meet you 
This looks to me like Colorado is prepared to make a political revolution. 
$15 and a union - a phrase that won't be heard at tonight’s  That’s why we organize. 
 We're not gonna be divided,we're gonna stand together ;we're gonna create a nation we know we can be  htt…
This looks to me like a group of people who are prepared to make a political revolution.  
 "I have been criticized for thinking too boldly, too big. 'We have to think small' they say" Crow loudly disagrees 
True freedom does not occur without economic security.  
Higher education is a right. We must fight to ensure that every American can go to college without living in debt.
 Part of the crowd in downtown Denver awaiting the arrival of Bernie Sanders. 
My thoughts and prayers are with Justice Scalia's family and his colleagues on the court who mourn his passing. 
"Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle." - MLK
Flashback: Sanders Endorses Jesse Jackson for President in ‘88
 HAPPENING NOW: is back in SC to fire up our Charleston team before they canvass!  
It is simply unacceptable that 40 percent of African American children are living in poverty.
Watch Erica Garner's powerful endorsement of our campaign:
 Latino Vote Summit w/ speaking on behalf of   
This is it. I need you now to make this political revolution a reality. Volunteer for as many shifts as you can. 
Tune in  live here: 
The U.S. pays the highest price in the world for prescription drugs; 1 out of 5 patients cannot afford to fill their prescriptions.
 If you can't join us at the  tonight with and tune in live! 
 Lawrence Korb/ How Bernie Sanders Is a Realist ; More Serious on Foreign Policy Than You Think 
 "5 Top Reasons Why Bernie Sanders Would Be Best President for   
I don’t believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty.
We need to make it affordable for all Americans so that we can compete on the world stage. 
Under President Obama and Vice President Biden, this country has come a long way economically. 
 Sanders: "progressives and Democrats win when voter turnout is high. Our job is to create a high voter turnout. "
 Sanders: "I want to thank the Democrats of Minnesota for making sure that Paul's work and more importantly his vision is …
It's unacceptable that millions of college graduates can't afford to buy their first home or car because of outrageously high student debt.
The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse. 
It's irresponsible that my opponent justifies sending children back to terribly violent countries as a way to "send a message."
Raids are not the answer. We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families.
I've put forward an immigration plan that protects children and keeps families together. It is time for to do the same.
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton’s Immigration Comments 
  critica el programa migratorio que otorga poderes especiales a las policías locales. 
We need immigration reforms that make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers.
I am running for president because 11 million undocumented people cannot continue living in the shadows.
  rechazó las recientes redadas de deportación en el  
 Musical legend endorses WATCH:    
  criticizes for her closeness with former Sec. of State Henry Kissinger.  
"I am proud to say that Henry Kissinger is not my friend, and I will not take advice from him on foreign policy." 
We need to reduce wasteful spending at the Department of Defense, which is the one major agency that has refused an audit. 
The decision to have an abortion is a right of any woman without interference from politicians. 
A people-powered campaign:✅ 3.7M contributions✅ More than 1M donors✅ Average contribution &lt; $30  
About 85 percent of campaign money has come from large donors. 
We don’t use children to “send a message."
Fact check on "They should be sent back…"
It is appalling that insisted that minors be shipped back to their country of origin like a package marked return to sender.
Bernie’s guiding light on the issue of immigration reform: keeping families together, not dividing them up. 
There is one major country that does not guarantee health care to all people: the United States. That has to change. 
 "When we have more people in jail, mostly Black and Latino, we know we need to invest in education, not incarceration." -…
We need radical, not incremental, reforms in our criminal justice system. 
1 in 4 black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. That is an unspeakable tragedy. 
Young people in this country know exactly what they're doing. They know we need big change, not just small steps. 
Only one candidate has laid out exactly how to pay for all of their proposals. Hint: it's on this site:  
The reality is there is one major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people: the United States. 
The truth: 29 million Americans have no health insurance, 31 million are uninsured. Only one candidate has a plan to change that. 
We need a political revolution. The same old, same old just isn't going to do it. We have got to be bold. 
Tune in tonight to the PBS  Watch at 9pm ET on PBS or CNN or stream online here:  
When you tell a woman that she cannot control her own body, that's extremism.
Our economy works for Wall Street because it's rigged by Wall Street. That's the problem. 
Our economy works for Wall Street and that's because it's rigged for Wall Street. That's the problem.
Democratic Socialism means democracy. It means creating a government that represents all of us, not just the wealthiest people in America.
It makes no sense to me that the United States of America has more jails and prisons than colleges and universities.
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans. That is going to change.
In the industrialized world, the United States is Number 1 in billionaires and Number 1 in childhood poverty. That's outrageous.
 Entertainer Harry Belafonte makes his endorsement of Bernie Sanders official with a video 
Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Please help us win: 
Banking should help our communities, not be an island unto itself benefiting only the wealthy.
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grassroots movement.
 Why more and more of us are supporting every day!    via msnbc
 Tonight! Turns out the Ed Sullivan Theater is on the road from New Hampshire to South Carolina. 
"We set a goal of raising $6 million today and you already crushed that goal. Let's try $7 million." - Jeff Weaver 
I am moved by the fact that our campaign’s financial support comes from more than 3.7 million individual contributions at an average of $27.
  talks with in Brooklyn about what’s ahead in South Carolina:  
  grew up in Brooklyn, a son of Jewish immigrants, in a home of modest means. has more... ht…
 Just interviewed in Brooklyn where he grew up for tonight's  
We need to take bold steps to stop the increased impoverishment of already depressed communities. We need to raise the minimum wage.
We can live in a country where all of our qualified young people, regardless of income, can go to college.
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family, and never liked to see people without a lot of wealth put down or pushed around.
“I’m going to hold a fundraiser right here, right now, across America." - Last night, NH 
As President, let me be very clear that no one will fight harder to end racism and reform our broken criminal justice system than I will.
Wall Street may have an endless supply of money, but we have millions of working families standing together demanding real changes.
This Tweet from has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder. Learn more.
Happening now: Bernie on on ABC. Tune in!
Last night we served notice to the political and economic establishment of this country. The people want real change.
 TODAY: joins our co-hosts LIVE for an exclusive interview after his  win.  
Never forget: When voter turnout is high, Democrats win. When voter turnout is low and people are demoralized, Republicans win.
What we confirmed tonight is that we're building the political revolution our nation needs. This is your movement. 
Our victory tonight will prompt a desperate response from those who see our campaign as a threat. We need you: 
You showed them tonight, New Hampshire. Help us win the nomination and take our country back from the billionaires: 
We just won the  primary. Help us win the Democratic nomination and the White House: 
When we stand together, we win. We need your help to take our country back from the billionaire class. Donate now: 
The media says we’re going to win but we can't take anything for granted. Please, stay in line and practice democracy. Every vote matters.
When we stand together, we win. Thank you, New Hampshire! 
Not sure where to vote? That's OK! You still have time. Lookup your polling location at  
Have any questions or issues with voting in today's  Call our hotline: 
When that happens, they will say it all started tonight in New Hampshire. Go out and say  in the  
We’ve leveled the playing field so billionaires are no longer able to buy our candidates and elections.  
There is no bank that is too big to fail, no banker too powerful to jail.  
Imagine eight years from now and the United States is leading the world in fighting climate change.  
Health care is recognized as a right for every man, woman, and child.  
Students are graduating college without the crushing debt.  
I want you to imagine eight years from now: The minimum wage is a living wage.  
 RN Patty Healey breaks down all the reasons she's canvassing for today in NH.   ht…
New Hampshire, by voting today, you'll say loudly and clearly: this country belongs to all of us, not just the billionaire class. 
Today, the eyes of the entire country are on New Hampshire. Bring your friends and go vote in the 
Voting for Bernie in the  Use  and share this image! 
 Its Primary Day, so made a surprise stop at a polling place in Concord! 
Thank you to all of our volunteers currently getting out the vote in the Granite State.  
 TOMORROW: Get ready to  when Senator hits the Hot Topics table LIVE. 
  supporters from Florida just delivered a truckload of water to our Flint, MI HQ  
 Go Go! and union allies are working hard for you in the   
"I'm Ben. And, I'm Jerry. I'm a person. And I'm a person.  Ben ; Jerry's, not a person. Go out and vote today!"
Questions or issues voting in the New Hampshire Primary today? Call our Hotline: 
Need to look up your polling location? 
Want real change? Vote for Bernie today. Bring your folks, too. 
Chilly in New Hampshire?  and vote for Bernie today. 
It is insane that low-wage workers for companies like McDonald’s must work when they are sick just because they can’t afford to stay home.
Want real change? Vote for Bernie today.  
If there is high turnout today, I think we are going to win. I urge you all to come out and vote. 
Want real change? Vote for Bernie today. Bring your folks too. 
Our volunteers are up bright and early making sure folks remember to vote for the New Hampshire primary! 
New Hampshire, if turnout is high today, I believe we will win. I urge you to come out and vote today. Thank you.
Honored to have the unanimous support of the people of Dixville Notch. First votes cast in the 
 Líderes de  respaldan a y su revolución política:   
We are the only advanced economy that doesn’t guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave, paid sick leave or paid vacation time.
Thank you IBEW Local 357 for your support. 
This is a people's campaign. 
  takes the stage for his final rally before  
Real family values strengthen the bonds of family and improve the lives of our families. 
Woah! Big turnout for our  rally at 
Fraud is the business model on Wall Street. 
 Fmr. NAACP CEO makes tough critique of Clinton record  - on 
   
 Thanks the Magnetic Zeroes for supporting  
We must increase the min. wage to $15, which will increase the wages of nearly 60 percent of Latinos.  
Sanders Campaign Statement on Clinton Falsehoods
 We will only defeat establishment politics and transform establishment economics when we   
 "The Billionaire class has never dealt w a threat like ours. I'm sure if  WE WILL WIN"  ht…
 💕 I'm happy to b in NH w/ ; to speak at the rally tonight! I will be on approx 5:50  
 Si el medio ambiente fuera un banco, desde cuando que lo hubieran salvado. 
When people come together, we can beat any amount of money thrown around by the Koch Brothers and Goldman Sachs executives. 
Are you ready to  It's easy! Spread the word to family, friends ; anyone you meet! 
 Debemos mantener a las familias unidas y acabar con las deportaciones masivas. 
 We're just getting started.      
If there is a high turnout tomorrow, I think we are going to win. I urge you all: come out and vote. 
Nosotros ganamos cuando el pueblo se une. Nosotros ganamos cuando rechazamos las divisiones. 
 Ready to  It’s easy! Spread the word to family, friends ; anyone you meet!👉 
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect:  
 Look who surprised  vols in Concord, NH!  
New Hampshire: Come out and vote tomorrow. Let's transform America.  
 We have an obligation to take care of the people who fight for us.  
 Stand together to address the real issues, and not allow them to divide us by gender or race.  
 Tenemos que ver a los DREAMers como lo que son: chicos estadounidenses que merecen permanecer en el país que es su hogar.…
Debemos unirnos a nuestras hermanas y exigir igualdad de pago a la mujer. El mismo salario por el mismo trabajo. 
What this campaign is about is bringing people together.  
New Hampshire: tomorrow you have a chance to  Commit to vote for Bernie:  
 "We must stand with our sister ; demand pay equity so women get equal pay for equal work"   
 America becomes a greater nation when we stand together and say no to racism, hatred, and bigotry.  
When we stand together, we win. 
  will lead us on our path toward the  Because together we can!  
To those who want to divide us up: We’re not gonna hate Latinos. We’re not gonna hate Muslims. We are going to stand TOGETHER. 
Our job is not to divide. Our job is to bring people together.  
 We've marched in the streets, now to  it's time to  
 Debemos unirnos y combatir los problemas que afectan a nuestro país, y no dejar que nos dividan por raza o lugar de orige…
 Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy. When we do that we change America. 
Together we will address the real issues facing our nation, not allow them to divide us.  
 With high voter turnout, we will win. New Hampshire, we are counting on you.   
 When we  we're building a future that works for ALL of us. Not just a few.  
Standing together, we will create the grassroots political revolution that this country needs.  
Is everyone ready for a radical idea this morning? 
 LIVE NOW: holds a "Get Out The Vote" rally in Nashua, New Hampshire  
We have come a long way in New Hampshire. Please come out to vote tomorrow tonight.  
We need a rational immigration process, not the Republican alternatives of self deportation or some other draconian non-solution.
When it comes to supporting real family values, the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth.
Raúl Grijalva: Sanders detendrá las deportaciones injustas
Our most important task is to revitalize American democracy. When we do that we change America.  
 Catch live from SC as he joins on to discuss his endorsement of 
I’m not running for president because it’s my turn, but because it’s everyone's turn to live in a nation of hope and opportunity for all.
 A big, big crowd in Portsmouth feelin the bern today, just two days before  
 1200 ppl here in Portsmouth at event according to campaign. Crowd is excited, they know his speech 
 WATCH LIVE: is holding a rally in Portsmouth:   
Want real change? Vote for Bernie on February 9 in New Hampshire.  
African-Americans are twice as likely to be arrested and almost four times as likely to experience use of force during police encounters.
 Vote Sanders and help abolish the death penalty  via
The U.S. needs to lead the international community in fighting climate change to maintain our economic strength and global security.
If you want at least four more years of Larry David on vote for Bernie!  
 Former NAACP president on why he's supporting instead of  
 Tonight's show was one for the ages. Thanks to and of course Larry David!  
 Official proof that they're not the same person after all.  
 Nice Twitter avatar, Senator. 
 Hey, that’s a different avatar for ...
"Things in New Hampshire are pretty, pretty, pretty good!" Help us win:  
 Bernie, Larry. Larry, Bernie.  
 Feeling it.  
 What, you think a rope line isn't infested with germs?  
Tune in to "Bern your Enthusiasm" right now on  
Live from New York it's Saturday Night! 
What did I think of the  Not good enough. Watch instead. 
 Campaigning for with daughter of Eric Garner in  
Unilateral military action should be a last resort, not a first resort.
These are just a few of the women leading our political revolution in New Hampshire.  
Nadie debe vivir con miedo de ser deportado por querer darle un vaso de agua a su familia.
 Enough said.  
Chilly in New Hampshire?  at the polls on Tuesday, February 9th. 
Go to primary Tuesday, February 9th and vote Bernie. Let's change the future.
When millions of people become engaged in the political process they win.
Want real change? Vote for Bernie on Tuesday, February 9th. Bring your folks, too. 
 Si el dreamer Héctor Salamanca hubiera podido participar, su precinto habría ido a Aquí su historia
Nurses are out in force today getting out the vote in Salem, NH.  
 Join us today at the  rally in  Education activists here know how to build a political... 
Americans deserve affordable access to the internet, not hidden fees and rising prices.  
Mississippi's voter registration deadline is today. Democracy is not a spectator sport. Register to vote now: 
Millions of Americans lost their jobs, homes and life savings because of a handful of people on Wall Street.  
 WATCH LIVE: speaks in New Hampshire. 
 "The business model for Wall Street is FRAUD"!! Wow.  That is something no one has ever said.  Bernie said it.  I am stunn…
Executives for coal and gas companies have blocked every attempt to act on climate change and have bought the loyalty of elected officials.
 I am proud to endorse Bernie Sanders. Please read my endorsement 
Remember: this government belongs to all of us, not just a few wealthy campaign donors.  
 "I have been criticized because I believe that all of our people in this great country are entitled to health care," says
To big pharma we say loud and clear: your days of raising drug prices off the charts are over.  
On our worst days, it is fair to say we are better than any of the Republicans on their best days.  
Excited to be in Rindge tomorrow morning at the Franklin Pierce University Fieldhouse! Doors open at 9am. More info: 
 "I’m proud to endorse for President of the United States," former NAACP leader Ben Jealous told the press…
  "is the type of leader we can trust to fight for the future of...our nation's children" h…
Gov. Snyder must resign immediately and the Justice Department must hold everyone accountable who knew about this crisis and did nothing.
The latest revelation about the public health crisis in Flint is horrifying. 
It's unacceptable that billionaires and corporations can contribute as much as they want to elect those who represent special interests.
I urge Sec. Clinton to join me in saying loudly and clearly that we will never cut Social Security. 
"Surprisingly, American taxpayers already pay enough to fund national health insurance. We just don't get it." 
We need to make Election Day a federal holiday to increase voters’ ability to participate.
Join the political revolution in New Hampshire today.  
Lifting the cap on Social Security would increase cost-of-living-adjustments and increase minimum benefits paid to low-income seniors.
 I want  to win the Democratic ticket. Here's why: 
We have got to expand Social Security benefits by lifting the cap on taxable incomes.
Oklahoma's voter registration deadline is today and Mississippi's is tomorrow. Take part in democracy! Register now: 
  addressing an overflow crowd standing outside despite a snowstorm. 
 Full house for Bernie Sanders in Exeter. New Hampshire has cool town halls. 
We cannot be the only major country on earth which does not guarantee paid vacation time and paid sick time. 
  will join on  this Sunday ahead of Tuesday's   
 See why supports from my interview with him this AM 
 Hillary Clinton's current position on  leaves the door open for benefit cuts. She needs to fix that: 
Huffington Post: Why Progressive Groups Have A Problem With Clinton On Social Security 
We must launch a political revolution which engages millions of Americans from all walks of life.
 Ex-NAACP Head endorses + weigh in on the significance of the endorsement.
 Most-Tweeted  Moment: Sanders says "The business model of Wall Street is Fraud." 
On our worst days, it's fair to say we are 100 times better than any Republican candidate. 
We must pave the way for a swift and fair legislative roadmap to citizenship for eleven million undocumented immigrants. 
You aren't going to accomplish what we need for working families as long as big money interests control the US Congress. 
 - "The idea that there has not been a dramatic response is beyond comprehension."  
 In response to  question on capital punishment, says:  
I was not only in opposition to NAFTA, I was on the picket line in opposition to NAFTA. 
Trade is a good thing. But trade has got to be fair. And the TPP is anything but fair. 
One wonders if Flint were a white suburban community what response they'd get. 
Children in Flint will be plagued with brain damage and other health problems. There are no excuses. Gov. Snyder should resign. 
The death penalty disproportionately impacts African-Americans and Lati We must abolish it. 
Fewer email questions. More questions about protecting women’s reproductive health. 
  "Los demócratas ganan cuando muchos salen a votar ... republicanos ganan cuando la gente está desmoraliz…
 Did you know that is the only candidate who has called for deported Veterans to return? Yes, it is 
If you can't afford to take care of our veterans, then don't send them to war.  
 Half the "foreign policy experts" Clinton cited as opposing Sanders have ties to military contractors 
Experience is important, but so is judgment. And back in 2002 one of us voted the right way on the Iraq War. The other didn't. 
Es difícil ser un progresista real y enfrentar al establecimiento cuando dependes del dinero de Wall St y de farmacéuticas. 
It’s easy to apologize for making bad decisions. It’s harder to make the right ones. 
Nosotros no representamos los intereses de los multimillonarios, de Wall St o de corporaciones. Nosotros no queremos su dinero. 
  
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free. 
It's hard to be a real progressive and take on the establishment when you've become dependent on Wall St. and drug company money. 
We do not represent the interests of the billionaire class, Wall Street or corporate America. We don't want their money. 
Skip the commercials and watch Bernie take on Alan Greenspan.  
Let's ask why we pay by far the highest drugs prices and they can double tomorrow and there is nothing the gov't can do about it. 
I am pretty proud that we have over 1.3 million donors who have contributed to our campaign at  
 the difference between secretary clinton and bernie sanders on universal health care is simple: he has a plan and she doesn’…
I'm not just talking the talk when it comes to campaign finance – I am the only one on stage without a super PAC. 
  has a plan to put 13 million americans back to work. you should read it here:  
ICYMI    
I've been criticized for saying this so let me say it again: I believe health care should be a right, not a privilege. 
"I don't believe in free college.” -
Bernie’s education plan is the only plan that affords lower-income kids the same opportunity for a quality education. 
Making public colleges and universities tuition free would save families sending kids to college $9,400 a year on average. 
Our economy works for Wall Street because it's rigged by Wall Street and that's the problem. 
Remember: this is our movement. Watch tonight's  and  
  gets major endorsement from former NAACP Chairman  (Pic: Getty) 
Under my administration big banks will not be too big to fail. Big bankers will not be too big to jail.  
The likelihood is that Wall Street gets away with a lot more illegal behavior than we know of.  
 WATCH LIVE: about to take the stage in N.H.  
I will never hesitate to defend this nation, but I will never send our sons and daughters to war under false pretense.
We need to ensure that workers have the skills, equipment, and training they need to succeed in a transition to a clean energy economy.
Standing room only at our Bernstorm in Colorado Springs yesterday! Get involved:  
Ben and Jerry stopped by our Portsmouth office today! Find your local office here:  
We have to end the international embarrassment of not guaranteeing 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave. 
 Former NAACP leader Ben Jealous to endorse Bernie Sanders 
We’re proud and honored to have International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 357's support in Nevada.
Donald Trump's racist comments and ideas are not what America is about.
Excited to be hosting a Get Out the Vote Rally today in Rochester, New Hampshire. RSVP here: 
You’re looking at the guy who’s not just talking the talk when it comes to campaign finance – I am walking the walk.
The wealthiest industry in the history of our planet has bribed politicians into complacency in the face of climate change.
  and clash over 'progressive' label 
 Hillary boasting about all the small donors supporting her. Here's where she ranked in % of Q4 $ from small donors. 
We need a revolution in mental health delivery in this country so people can get the help they need when they need it. 
Substance abuse and addiction are health issues not criminal issues. 
Change has always come from the bottom on up. That's what every major movement has been about. That's what we need right now. 
Bernie worked with Sen. McCain and Rep. Miller to pass the most comprehensive veterans affairs bill in modern history. 
My spirituality is that we are all in this together. When children or veterans go hungry it impacts me. 
Medicare for all would make health care a right for all Americans, not a privilege. 
 "If it saves me on health insurance premiums, I'll gladly pay more taxes," says NH resident to proposal to…
A family making $50,000 would save $5,807 a year under my Medicare-for-all plan.  
Tune in to the  right now for an important discussion on the issues facing our nation.
Climate change isn’t just a problem for the future – the impacts of climate change are apparent here and now.
Trade is a good thing. But trade has got to be fair. And the TPP is anything but fair.
Some other days... 
Of course. There is no debate about this among progressives. 
 WATCH LIVE: speaks in N.H.  
The TPP is a continuation of our disastrous trade policies that have devastated manufacturing cities and towns all over this country.
Most progressives I know were against the war in Iraq. One of the worst foreign policy blunders in the history of the United States.
Most progressives that I know were opposed to the Keystone pipeline from day one. Honestly, it wasn’t that complicated.
Most progressives I know are firm from day 1 in opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership. They didn't have to think about it a whole lot.
Most progressives that I know don't raise millions of dollars from Wall Street.
You can be a moderate. You can be a progressive. But you cannot be a moderate and a progressive.
 Bernie Sanders lleva más de 30 años abogando por la gente trabajadora y la clase baja de los EEUU 
Q. Do you think is a progressive?A. Some days, yes. Other days she announces she is a moderate.
Congrats to one of our Latino Outreach Strategist, for becoming the first DREAMer lawyer in the State of NY today! Very proud.
"You know, I get accused of being kind of moderate and center... I plead guilty." - Sept. 10, 2015. 
It's immoral that some in Congress advocate cuts in Social Security yet vote to preserve billions in tax breaks for corporations.
  asks: Are you going to debate tomorrow night? The answer is - yes. 
  I believe public colleges and universities should be tuition-free... These are not such radical ideas
  joins us in the 8AM hour!  
This gas leak is why we must implement a ban on fracking.  
What we are going to do is provide jobs and education for our kids not more jails and incarceration.
We must end the disgrace of having more people in jail than any other country. Disproportionately African-American and Latino.
  in New Hampshire: "Last night, we began the political revolution."  
The greed and the illegal behavior of Wall Street drove this economy to its knees. It's Wall Street's time to help the middle class.
  sets his sights on New Hampshire and beyond. Tune in TOMORROW!  
Blitzer: "The debate in New York City that they want. Are you accepting that?"Clinton: "No..."
 WATCH LIVE: addresses voters in Claremont, New Hampshire:
The American people are ready to stand up and fight for fundamental change on how politics is done.  
In the year 2016, public colleges and universities should be tuition free. How will we pay for it? We're gonna tax Wall Street speculation.
Last night, we began the political revolution not just in Iowa, not just in New Hampshire but all over this nation. 
This moment requires a political revolution with millions of people coming together. Watch our rally in Keene live: 
 Actress Eliza Dushku is speaking to the crowd stating she backs Sanders because of his platform to create a socio-econo…
We do not represent the interests of the billionaire class, Wall Street or corporate America. We don't want their money.
 Onto NH! Crowd swarms downtown Keene in anticipation of ... In an hour and a half. 
What last night proved is that every single contribution matters and every volunteer shift can swing an election. 
What we proved last night and what we'll prove again next week is what we have said all along: when we stand together, anything is possible.
  welcomed to new hampshire by a raucous crowd. "what time is it?" he asks. 
We accomplished what the political establishment said was impossible. Don't underestimate us  
You helped shock the establishment. Now let's win New Hampshire. Donate now to our campaign:  
It's on to New Hampshire, where if we continue to stand together, I am more sure than ever that we are going to win. 
We are going to win this election. Contribute to our  now:  
Want real change? Caucus tonight for Bernie Sanders. And bring the folks with you. 
  IOWA!!! Show up to  like you do at his rallys. Please, we're with you! He's with us 
Don't know how to  tonight? It's easy! Head to your local caucus location and watch this:
Let's be clear. This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders. This campaign is about the needs of the American people. 
      
 Exciting day  Nothing's decided. Support a candidate who's strong on education, jobs, ; human rights. 
They say you don't care. They say you won't caucus. They say we can't win. Prove them wrong. 
 Together, we can dismantle this corrupt political system — one vote at a time. I BELIEVE THIS TO BE TRUE! 
  Awesome! Voice your choice in  Find your  location:  ht…
 this campaign is about transforming America!  
 Action or inaction in the next 5 years will determine the future for generations to come.  
En la Democracia tu presencia es tu voz. Iowa hoy escuchará a la comunidad Latina.  
 If you're 18 by the general election you can  in  Get out there and show your support! 
 Bernie voted against the Iraq War – one of the worst foreign policy disasters in American history.  
Commit to  in    
 Some of these will  today! Others are knocking on 🚪🚪 ; ☎️ banking!  htt…
It is not a radical idea to state that no worker in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty. 
Sanders super PAC haul$0.00This is a people's campaign. 
Look up your caucus location to  in   
Questions or issues on how to  Call our hotline:  
 Are you ready to  It's easy! Spread the word to family, friends ; anyone you meet! 
 Iowa, help us make history tonight with an unprecedented victory in your state.   
Football is a spectator sport. Democracy is not a spectator sport.  
We win tonight if turnout is high. Bring your friends and family. Come out and  in 
 People of Iowa: Today you get to make a choice that would give countless people better choices. Jobs, Justice + Climate Ac…
Together we can build a future that works for all of us, not just the few on top.  
 You Can Caucus, You Can Help!    
 Iowa! You ready to  and start a revolution?! Visit  to get all the info you need. 
 Bernie will only appoint judges to the Supreme Court who will be committed to repeal  
 Are you ready to  It’s easy! Spread the word to family, friends ; anyone you meet! 
  because THEY say you won't show up. It's time to prove them all wrong! Onward through the snow! 
 It's seriously this easy. Text CAUCUS to 82623 to find your precinct location for today's caucuses.  
 Let's be clear. This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders. This campaign is about the needs of the American people. 
When people stand together, and are prepared to fight back, there's nothing we can’t accomplish.  
Change never takes place from the top down. It always takes place from the bottom up. 
 Juntos podemos desmantelar este corrupto sistema político — un voto a la vez.   2016 
 Ready to  It's easy! Spread the word to family, friends ; anyone you meet!  
We’re going to build a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back. It starts with you. 
 There is a future where Bernie Sanders is our President. This Is Our Future.    ht…
 Today's the day! Get out and  Iowans!   
 It is time to  :) It’s easy! Spread the word to family, friends ; anyone you meet! 
We need a revolution in how health care is provided in this country. Together, we will do that. 
Change the future! Caucus for Bernie tonight at 6:30 pm. 
Want real change? Caucus tonight for Bernie. Bring your folks, too.
  on is everything.   
Free at 6:30 pm tonight? Come on out and  
We've got a message from Hint: he wants you to caucus today. 
  No  in cabinet.    
 If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now. 
The revolution starts today. Iowa, come out and caucus.   
Iowa, let's make a little bit of history today. Come out and caucus.  
This is our country, and it's time we took it back from the billionaire class. Today, we come together to say, "Enough is enough."
 Este dreamer que no puede votar hace campaña por en Iowa. Video completo aquí 
 Tonight I officially endorse for President. Read my endorsement letter here:  
It is absurd that one family (the Waltons of has more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans. 
We must not accept a nation in which billionaires compete as to the size of their super-yachts, while children in America go hungry.
When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy. 
 Raucous crowd greeted on stage. "Sounds like you want to make a political revolution," he says. 
Let me say it loudly and clearly: I believe that health care should be a right, not a privilege. 
I worry very much that our nation is sliding into oligarchy. Together, we're gonna stop that. 
 at last rally of his Iowa campaign before caucuses tomorrow night 
The revolution starts here. The revolution starts now. 
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook just said health care as a right is an idea that "can’t get done in Washington.” Couldn't disagree more.
I do not represent corporate America and I don’t want their money.
I am proud to tell you that I am the only candidate on the Democratic side that does not have a super PAC.
Dreamers and young Lati getting out the caucus. Don't know how to caucus? It's easy:  
 Are you ready to  It's easy! Spread the word to family, friends ; anyone you meet!   
 Let's  We are  
Anupama is asking Iowans to  If you're not in Iowa you can help by going to  
We need to create a culture which cannot just be based on the worship of money.
 Bernie Sanders's campaign brings in jaw-dropping $20 million in January 
Any Democrat looking for a clear choice in the general election should caucus Monday for Sen. Bernie Sanders.
The reason we are doing well in this campaign is because we are telling the truth.  
For the last 40 years the great middle class of this country has been in decline and faith in our political system is now extremely low.
  please  Info:  phone bank:  🎧pod: 
Sec. Clinton and I have differences of opinion. Let’s debate those differences, not go around distorting records.
  If working and young people vote tomorrow, "we're going to pull off one of the great political upsets in …
  If the turnout is high, "we've got a real shot"   
  tells he is poised to score one of the great upsets in political history if new people participate…
Up next I’ll be on ABC’s and CNN’s Tune in! 
 The energy in the room is palpable! Bernie Sanders with ;   
 “any democrat looking for a clear choice in the general election should caucus monday for — 
Our campaign has come a very long way in eight months. The momentum is with us.  
Millions of people have been arrested for using marijuana. That is absurd and it is destroying lives. 
 Big crowd awaiting in Iowa City. 
Our job is to substantially increase voter turnout. To get people involved in the political process. 
 had a lovely afternoon phone banking for today...  
Live stream from Iowa City with and others: 
 Thousands marching in  now in support of Bernie Sanders  
 "We are working to bring justice back to our justice system" -  
 Waiting for in Iowa City. 
 you obviously missed our response, you can find it here:  
Iowa Republicans: Are you willing to change parties? You can caucus! 
 Progressives on Parade: Chuy Garcia, Raul Grijalva, Cornel West, Keith Ellison to introduce Bernie in Cedar Rapids 
 WATCH LIVE: Bernie Sanders rallies in Iowa with Cornel West  
 3,700 are here for event in Iowa City, a town of 70,000. Trump had the crowd of 900 in this same bldg htt…
American families continue to lack the basic necessities of life and struggle to provide a minimal standard of living for their families.
Iowan GOP: Are you willing to change parties? You can caucus! 
 We are important to this country everyday , not just every four years understands that 
Did you forget to register? No worries.   
Will you be 18 by November 8, 2016? You can  
Free at 6:30 this Monday? Caucus for Bernie. 
 Iowa City, rally to start in an hour and a half 
 Because EVERYONE deserves a living wage, free education + free health care. Not politics but basic human rights. 
 Additional tix just released for  benefit concert in LA on 2/5  
"Mankind must put an end to war, or war will put an end to mankind.” - John F. Kennedy
 We need policies that bring us together and create an economy that works for all of us, rather than a few.   
Teams of volunteers heading out to talk to voters in Salem, NH about building a revolution.  
  has said it since day one: He can't do this alone. 
 Acceptance. Tolerance. Equality. Love.  
Welcome to the political revolution.    
When we all stand together for justice, we win. When working families stand together, we win.  
 This campaign is about a political revolution - millions of people standing up and saying enough is enough.  htt…
Brothers and sisters: Now is not the time for thinking small. Now is not the time for the same-old establishment politics. 
 Change comes about when we come together, speak, vote, and be part of the Democratic process.   
 This campaign is about a political revolution-millions of people standing up and saying, enough is enough.  
 I'm caucusing in  for  because he is for single payer healthcare, $15 minimum wage.  
 It's time our government worked for us. All of us. Not just the rich and powerful. Get out to vote! Today Iowa, tomorrow ch…
 I'm in Iowa now heading out to canvass for  this is exciting! Get out and vote!  
If we stand together, we will win. If we are divided, the big-money interests win.  
 "This is a campaign OF the people, BY the people, and FOR the people" -   
  is the true core of American values, as they are Bernie's. Let's  for years to come. 
 We should have a government that works for us all, not just a few at the top. But we need to vote for it!!🇺🇸 
Help amplify our message with other supporters using social media. Join Connect.  
If we stand together on Monday night, there is nothing we cannot accomplish.   
 When we come together, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish.  
 Welcome to the political revolution.  
 I drove up to Iowa for the 4th time to canvass because I believe we need a Revolution.  
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class. 
 We need a revolution in how healthcare is provided in this country.    
This campaign is about a political revolution—millions of people standing up and saying: enough is enough.  
  because for decades there's been a transfer of wealth from the people to the 1%.Time for US to take it back htt…
 We MUST stand with our sisters and demand pay equity so women get equal pay for equal work. 
 My man has a Super Pack 3 million strong!  
 This political revolution is built by all of us.   (art: inspired by htt…
 Let us be bold, together!  
Let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win.  
If we stand together, if we build a political revolution, there is no limit to what we can accomplish.  
 bernie wants to put people before profits, but it can only happen if we stand together and demand it. 
 We are building a movement based upon  because only together can we beat back Wall Street and Citizens United.
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America. 
 Bernie has said it since day one: He can’t do this alone.  
 We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class. 
Unless millions of people are actively involved in the political process, we will not bring about the real change we need. 
This campaign is not just about electing Bernie Sanders president, it's about creating a grassroots political movement. 
I've said it since day one: this campaign is not about me, it's about you.   
The concept of the “minimum wage,” was seen as a radical intrusion into the marketplace and was described as “socialist.”
Help us win Iowa. Text GIVE to 82623 to donate from your phone. 
It’s time for this country to join every other major industrialized nation and create a truly universal health care system.
It has been the goal of Democrats since Franklin D. Roosevelt to create a universal health care system guaranteeing health care to everyone.
 This Sunday on  speaks with live in Des Moines just hours before the  
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform.
Together we are going to create an economy that works for working families, not just the 1 percent.
American democracy is one person, one vote – with every citizen having an equal say – and no voter suppression.
Instead of cutting head start and childcare, we need to move to a universal pre-k system for all the children of this country.
 Let's elect a president who will put families first, not the greed of Wall Street. Check out my blog! 
To my Republican colleagues I say: worry less about your campaign contributions and worry more about your children. 
Chilly in Iowa? How about a 🔥 night at the caucus? 
Chilly in Iowa? How about a 🔥night at the caucus? See you there!  
Chilly in Iowa? How about a 🔥night at the caucus? See you there!  
Change the future! Caucus for Bernie this Monday, February 1st. 
Caucus this Monday for Bernie to change the future. 
  joins for rally in Davenport, Iowa. Watch Live:  
Want real change? Caucus this Monday for Bernie. Bring your folks, too. 
BREAKING: Sanders super PAC haul  $0.00
On Monday, Iowans will caucus and have a chance to change history. 
Climate change is real, it is caused by human activity and it is creating devastating problems in the United States and around the world.
 Yup. gets it.  
I hope joins me in support of expanding Social Security benefits for all seniors and disabled veterans.
 A message to skeptics from    
At a time when senior poverty is increasing, we must expand Social Security benefits, not cut them.
Three major profitable corporations not only pay nothing in federal income taxes, they actually got a rebate. 
A single-payer system already exists in the United States. It's called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks.
 "Sounds to me like we have a rigged economy... 47 million Americans live in poverty," on economics 
  daughter: "Black lives like my father’s should matter. That’s why I’m endorsing 
I applaud state legislators for leading on  Especially important for women of color who face a pay gulf, not a gap.
A living wage should not only be fair, it should be equitable. We must pass pay equity for women workers. 
If I’m president, will Wall Street like me? No. Will they begin to play by the rules if I’m president? You better believe it.
 Breaking my latest: Black lives like my father's should matter in America. That's why I'm endorsing . 
  in Burlington, Iowa tonight: "Please come out to vote. Let's change America." 
 Final appearance in Iowa for So moved by the crowd's enthusiasm can't wait for the  Monday! htt…
When we began we were 50 pts behind the “inevitable Dem nominee.” Now that inevitable candidate ain’t so inevitable. 
 Bernie Sanders, former mayor of Burlington, VT speaks in Burlington, IA. 
Climate change is real, it is caused by human activity, and the United States must lead the world in reversing its effects.
 Plz host a  to help spread word Bernie is best candidate for womenInfo:  
I want to end the sad reality of having more people in jail than any other country. I'd rather we have the best educated population.
If we stand together, there is no limit to what we can accomplish. We can bring hope to the political process. We can make real change.
  "It's easy to swim with the tide ... When the going was rough some of us were there, some of us were not th…
Recibo con honor el apoyo de revista Latina de Iowa. Con su respaldo llevaremos a más Latinos al caucus.
Join (Letters to Cleo) ; Michelle Lewis for music at Stomping Grounds Coffee tonight, 6 pm CST!  
It is not a radical idea to say that no person in this country working 40 hours a week should live in poverty.
Today is one of the last days to contribute and have it go towards our campaign in Iowa:
People should not underestimate us. Let’s rock the boat.  
We must significantly increase the role that all people play in the political process. Change happens when we stand up and fight back.
 
Mothers should not be afraid of their children being targeted by the police because of the color of their skin.
The current federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour is a starvation wage and must be raised to a living wage of $15 an hour.
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government. 
 Actor among supporters of Presidential candidate in  
When we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish.  But when we're divided, the big money interests will always win.
 Students at on stage awaiting the arrival of  
Forcing a woman to separate herself from her baby because she is low income or working class is not a family value.
The dynamics of the race have changed and our campaign has significant momentum heading into Iowa and New Hampshire.
From the beginning of this campaign we have called for more debates. has not. Why is that? The answer is obvious.
The reason we'll win the general election is that we will expose the Republicans for what they are.  
Here with the people of Mason City, Iowa tonight with Tune in live here: 
 The rally in Mason City is jammed packed. Media stand obstructing view of half of the crowd. 
On this Holocaust Remembrance Day, we vow never to forget the lessons of that tragedy and to stand up to all forms of hate.
Bernie Sanders: speaking tonight in Mason City, Iowa.  Hillary Clinton: at investment firm fundraiser in Philadelphia.
We are the wealthiest nation in the world, but few Americans know that because so much of the new wealth goes to the people on top.
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect: 
Super PACs funded by billionaires buy elections. Ordinary people don’t vote. We have an economic and political crisis in this country.
 Learning how to phone bank for from the best.   
  will perform at a rally in Iowa City this weekend  
 going to Iowa this weekend to support
 Meet the woman who tugged at your heartstrings at that Bernie Sanders rally  
 NEW SHOW:  concert in Los Angeles on 2/5 to benefit Get tix now:  
Regardless of their income, we need to give our children a fair shot at attending college -college education tuition should be free for all.
Democratic socialism means that we have government policy which does not allow the greed of the fossil fuel industry to destroy our planet.
Innovation and business success should be rewarded. But greed for the sake of greed is not something that public policy should support.
  campaigns w in Mason City, IA – LIVE 8pm ET C-SPAN2   
 A message for skeptics from  
  on his plans to  at the town hall   
Despite the fact that millions of workers want to join a union, it has become harder and harder for workers to in fact create unions.
Democratic socialism means that in a democratic, civilized society the wealthiest people and largest corporations must pay their fair taxes.
 How to respond to Bernie skeptics? Watch our latest video to find out. 
We must protect a woman’s right to choose and we must defend Planned Parenthood.  
GOP family values are that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't be able to get married. I disagree.  
Ready for a radical idea? We’re gonna invest in jobs and education, not more jails and incarceration.  
 Proud to introduce to a packed house here tonight in St. Paul.   
 "Real change ALWAYS takes place from the grassroots on up." -   
”You don’t have to drag Bernie into the fight, he leads the fight!” - 
 Rep. Keith Ellison takes the stage and says, "he's feeling the bern"  says "Minnesota is all about Bernie …
Watch LIVE now:    
Speaking shortly in St. Paul, MN. There is a lot of enthusiasm out here! Tune in LIVE here:  
 Asked a cop if he knew the crowd capacity in the Sanders hall. He said "lots" and they're still coming. 
 Another view of the crowd at St. Paul Rivercentre. Sanders might be trailing in MN...but no enthusiasm gap. 
 De esta forma rompió en llanto una mujer al contarle su situación a en evento de campaña 
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave this planet healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren.
I believe America is ready for a new path to the future. Join our campaign for president at 
We should not be firing teachers, we should be hiring teachers.  
Brothers, we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity so women get equal pay for equal work.  
One of five people in this country that get a prescription from a doctor cannot afford to fill that prescription. That’s wrong. 
I believe that we need a political revolution. The same old, same old just isn't going to do it. We have to be bold. 
What a turnout! Watch our rally in Duluth live here: 
Join and others at the Laugh Factory tonight.
Excited to be in Minnesota today! I’ll be speaking in Duluth shortly and in St. Paul tonight.   
Democratic socialism means that if someone works forty hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty.
Congrats and Brenda Torpy for  win recognizing housing programs we set up in  in the 80s. 
 Bernie has called for a climate justice plan that recognizes the risks faced by low-income and minority communities.
Check here for your chance to win a pint of Ben’s new ice cream flavor “Bernie’s Yearning”: 
  meeting with Iowa – LIVE at 11am ET on C-SPAN   
 here's on why is the most qualified candidate to lead the political revolution we need: 
The fact that on any given night there are fifty thousand homeless veterans on the street is a national disgrace.
This decision undercuts the entire GOP attack on Planned Parenthood. is doing an excellent job and should be supported and expanded.
 Emotional tales of financial struggle, health issues ; depression at a event  
I like and respect Hillary Clinton, but we disagree on many things like the Iraq War. 
Experience is important, but so is judgement. 
 Sen. Sanders is right -  benefits are especially critical for women, who live longer ; have less retirement sav…
  “We should expand Social Security and we do that by lifting the cap on taxable income.”   
Bajo el plan de Bernie, una familia pagará en un año entero menos por atención médica de lo que paga ahora en un mes. 
There has been a massive redistribution of wealth. The problem is it has gone in the wrong direction.  
Under Bernie's plan, the average family would pay less for an entire year of health care than they currently do in a month. 
'Socialist' programs from FDR and LBJ:✅ Social Security✅ Minimum Wage✅ Medicare and Medicaid✅ 40-hour work week
Anybody in this country, regardless of their income, should be able to go get a higher education. 
Tune in now to the  on to watch Bernie discuss the issues facing our nation. 
I  against those who want to take away a woman's right to an abortion.
Want real change? Caucus for Bernie Sanders on Feb 1. Oh, and take the folks with you.  
 Sen. Bernie Sanders Speaks to the Issues of Black America with our  
 A themed art show featuring over 100 artists is traveling the U.S.:  
Today three out of the four largest banks in this country are larger than when we bailed them out because they were too big to fail.
You can't be an American company only when you want corporate welfare from taxpayers or lucrative contracts from the federal government.
Companies that received corporate welfare from taxpayers shouldn't be allowed to renounce their U.S. citizenship to avoid paying U.S. taxes.
The potential Johnson-Tyco merger would be a disaster for American taxpayers. 
I support 12 weeks of paid leave for every worker. Say you support paid leave for mothers ; fathers too. 
  ; I see so many of you are also! I appreciate everyone for the support they're showing Bernie and I. htt…
 Most Americans don't have enough money to cover a $500 emergency -  
I asked if anyone had experienced living on $12k a year on Social Security. This woman's story was heartbreaking.
  is complicated - campaign breaks the process down: 
Pundits say that young people won't come out to participate in the political process. Let's make the pundits eat those words,
  begins simply at -- "Are you guys ready to make a political revolution?" (crowd roars) 
 Another reason we   Big oil rigging the game, says  
Equal pay for equal work. It’s not a radical idea. We have got to move forward and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act into law.
 South Carolina Lawmaker Switches Sides to Endorse Bernie Sanders.  Must read:  
The greed of the billionaire class, and the greed of Wall Street is destroying this economy and the lives of millions of Americans.
Volunteers ranging in age from 12 to 80 are headed out to knock doors in Hollis, NH.  
 Nothing is so unstoppable as a flavor whose time has finally come   
 Why Bernie Sanders Is Best on Women's Issues  via
Those who say universal health care is unachievable are selling the American people short.
Other industrialized nations are making the morally principled and financially responsible decision to provide universal health care to all.
Physicians agree: single-payer health care is the best way to cover the 50 million under insured and uninsured.
 Yes,  for all is a realistic goal. Here's how we make it happen:  
As we look back through history, we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country. 
We must invest in jobs and education for our young people, not more jails and incarceration.  
Republicans: try winning elections based on your ideas and your character, not on the amount of money you can collect from billionaires.
  4th and final  event today. I think he did pass 4,000 ppl in total attendance for the day 
Under my administration, Wall Street won’t be able to pick and choose which credit agency will rate their products.
If Wall Street does not end their greed, we will end it for them. 
If we’re going to transform our energy system and move away from fossil fuel we cannot support Keystone. I was out front on that issue.
 I kind of dare you to read this endorsement of and not be moved. 
 WATCH: speaks at town hall meeting in Iowa  
We don't represent billionaires, Wall Street or the big drug companies - we don't want their money and we will succeed without them.
 says Dems should look at which candidate is most electable. We couldn’t agree more.” - Jeff Weaver 
 "When 80% of young people don't turn out to vote, Republicans win."   
 Really incredible turnout for at Luther College in Decorah, town of about 8,000  
Join and others at the Laugh Factory on Tuesday Jan 26. Tickets here: 
We win when people come together. We win when we reject division. Democrats win when the voter turnout is high.
The most effective way to rapidly create meaningful jobs is to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure.
  tells that "democracy" should not be a "contest" btwn billionaires, when asked abt Bloomber…
 I am trying to change the dynamics of American politics, says on this morning. 
I will be on and this morning. Make sure to tune in! 
We are building a movement because this country belongs to all of us - not just a handful of billionaires and wealthy campaign contributors.
People are seeing that our campaign has the energy, the excitement and is bringing working-class people into it. 
Our campaign is a people's campaign. We don't have and we don’t want a Super PAC. We have YOU. Help us win: 
 This Sunday we will speak with as he continues his rise in the polls. Be sure to tune in! 
It appears that we have Wall Street a little bit nervous and that is a good thing.
Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Head here and help us win: 
Snowed in and couldn't make it to a watch party? Watch Bernie's live address LIVE here right now: 
We can be a country where all seniors can live in dignity and security, and not be forced to choose between their medicine and their food.
People are saying, "How about creating an economy that works for the middle class and not just the billionaires?" 
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118,500 a year. We must lift the cap.
Black students were more than three times as likely to attend schools where fewer than 60 percent of teachers meet all state certifications.
 Are you in  ; planning to caucus for on 2/1? CLICK HERE:   
There is a continuing struggle for racial justice in America. We can deliver change, but not by tinkering with the system at the margins.
Tonight, just nine days before the Iowa caucuses, I want to talk directly to my best supporters. Join me: 
 "I'm a Bernie  guy," Art Garfunkel tells 
This is a campaign of the people, by the people, and for the people. Welcome to the political revolution. 
  We are teachers, students, parents who know we don't have to be burdened by debt  
  and we are meeting across the country to say ENOUGH is ENOUGH!  
  because Bernie will give all Americans a fair opportunity for health coverage.  
I will continue to stand up to Big Oil and fight for a new energy system creating millions of new jobs while saving our planet.
Hudson NH stands to cheer for an end to incarceration and an investment in jobs.  
John got a wage freeze and his CEO got a $12 million bonus. Take a couple minutes and listen to John's story.
 "Not me. Us"    
Republicans are waging a war against women and, let me be clear, it's not a war that we’re gonna allow them to win. 
 Mi articulo en Univision: Sanders detendrá las deportaciones injustas.   
Today, a college degree is equivalent to a high school degree 50 years ago. Public colleges should be tuition free. 
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect: 
I would expand initiatives that protect women’s health, access to contraception, and the availability of a safe and legal abortion. 
I will fight attempts to undercut Roe v. Wade, resist attempts by states to deny access to abortion and we will rescind the Hyde amendment.
I join with Planned Parenthood, NARAL and all Americans who have been fighting the never-ending attacks on women’s right to choose. 
As president, I will do everything that I can to protect and preserve a woman’s right to an abortion. 
The decision handed down by the Supreme Court 43 years ago in Roe v. Wade guaranteed a woman’s right to choose.
Despite major advances in civil and political rights, our country still has a long way to go in addressing the issue of gender inequality.
Today, on the anniversary of Roe v. Wade, I will say that no one will be a stronger defender of a woman's right to choose than me. 
If Democrats want to win the general election, frankly, I think I'm the stronger candidate. 
  releases a "How To Caucus" video, which they shot at their DSM HQ on Sunday: 
What's Clinton's Secret Health Care Plan?
Instead of building more prisons, we need to be building more meaningful lives where young people can have a future.
 Watch as Sen. speaks with us about the issues we face in the Black community:  
 Meet the foot soldiers behind grassroots campaign in Iowa   
 New video by  volunteers/staff: everything you need to know about caucusing in IA in under 5 minutes! 
Raising the minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour would give about 50 percent of African-American workers a raise.
With less than two weeks until the Iowa caucus, I need your help to win this election and reclaim our democracy. 
Facts on Social Security:✅$2.8 trillion surplus✅Can pay every benefit owed until 2035✅Made of US Treasury bonds 
 Auditorium here in Wolfeboro, NH is filling up for tonight.   
Any Supreme Court nominee of mine will make overturning Citizens United one of their first decisions.
Families are showing up tonight to do something radical: they're practicing democracy.  
Students in Wolfeboro left us some notes today. They are a future to believe in.  
 sec. clinton just told wolf blitzer she could get the country to universal health care, so where is her plan? voters deserve…
Thank you and for speaking up against for-profit private prisons ; the criminalization of immigrants in AZ. 
 Sanders in NH: "A great nation is not judged by how many billionaires it has but by compassion dealing with the most vu…
 A big change in CNN's Iowa polls: Clinton was judged to be best on health care 63-31, now it's Sanders 51-45. 
The scale of the Porter Ranch leak would equal the emissions of six coal-burning power plants or an additional 7 million cars on the road.
The Porter Ranch gas leak is a climate disaster and yet another example of the urgent national need to transition away from fossil fuels.
Every candidate should tell us where they stand on these issues before Iowa caucuses in 11 days. cc: 
Thank you and for fighting for  a 
Internet access is no longer a luxury: it is essential for 21st century commerce, education, telemedicine and public safety.
36% of Black Americans and 46% of Lati don't have a high-speed internet connection at home. They deserve a 
We must do all we can to provide all Americans, especially low-income families, affordable access to broadband. 
There needs to be a path back from prison, including a restoration of full voting rights.
Billionaires already own much of our economy. That, apparently, is not enough. Now, they want to own the United States government as well.
Through good times and bad, Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American.  
 The scene at a campaign stop in Peterborough, NH.  
Millions of people are standing up and saying that our country belongs to all of us, not just the 1 percent.  
In essence, this ruling handed millionaires and billionaires — who have already rigged our economy — unlimited influence in our elections.
On the absurd idea that huge piles of undisclosed cash in support of politicians in exchange for influence does not constitute corruption.
This decision hinges on the absurd notion that money is speech and that corporations are people.
Today is the sixth-year anniversary of Citizens United, one of the most disastrous Supreme Court decisions in my lifetime.
 CNN/WMUR poll: outperforms against Republicans in N.H.  
The U.S. spends more on health care per person than any other advanced nation in the world. 
This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, or Donald Trump. This campaign is about you.
 New this AM: uses Simon and Garfunkel’s “America” to put focus on voters in new 60-second ad: 
Thanks, Appreciate the effort, but you didn’t answer our questions! Here’s the list.  
ICYMI: Meet some of the foot soldiers in our campaigns Iowa ground game:  
Portsmouth turned out tonight to talk to about climate change and how to support our movement.  
 Where is Climate Plan? 
Under my Livable Wage plan full-time minimum wage workers would see their income go up $6,240. It’s time to raise the minimum wage.
 WATCH NOW: joins   
Corporate greed needs to end; they're taking advantage of the benefits of America, yet refuse to accept their responsibilities as Americans.
Thank you for visiting us in NH!  
 "Where is Sec Clinton's  plan?" -- Sanders camp hits climate today with new ad about pipelines and new statement
 Sanders is right. Lots of question marks about Clinton's preferred climate policies. 
We can live in a country where the inner cities of our nation become safer, and where people who want to succeed are given a helping hand.
We must narrow the digital divide between Americans who are connected to broadband and those who are not. 
Where’s Clinton’s Climate Plan?
I oppose the Bakken pipeline. Our job is to break our addiction to fossil fuels, not increase our dependence.
The debate is over. Sixteen of the last 18 years have been the hottest ever recorded. This planet is in trouble.
 EXCLUSIVE: does his own laundry (and grocery shopping, too!)  
Join Dr. Adolph Reed and others for a Higher Ed for Bernie Town Hall in Columbia tonight:  
Making public colleges and universities tuition free would save middle-class families sending kids to college $9,400 a year on average.
Join my friend for a Town Hall in Portsmouth, New Hampshire tonight:   
It's wrong when over the last 30 years trillions of dollars have been transferred from the middle class to the top one-tenth of one percent.
In a democratic society, politics should not be treated like a baseball game or a soap opera. We need discussion about serious issues.
 EXCLUSIVE: Inside the family life of the down-to-earth Democratic candidate 
I'll be on the Rachel show on MSNBC shortly. Tune in now. 
Volunteers like Braden Joplin are the heart and soul of the democratic process. Our thoughts are with his family. 
 Why I Support  
 Standing room only in Carroll, Iowa today!   
I am asking people not just for your vote, but to be part of a revolution to transform our country.  
Now is NOT the time for thinking small or the same-old, same-old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas.
A way to provide banking opportunities for low-income communities is to allow the U.S. Postal Service to engage in basic banking services.
Join Dr. scholar Adolph Reed and others for a Higher Ed for Bernie Town Hall in Columbia tomorrow: 
If Congress continues to fail to act, as president I would uphold and expand the president's action. 
The president did exactly the right thing and I'm confident he has the legal authority to take this bold action. 
Americans understand that corporate greed is destroying our country. They fully understand that American politics is dominated by big money.
 WATCH LIVE: speaks at campaign rally in Fort Dodge, Iowa  
Must read: The 62 Richest People On Earth Now Hold As Much Wealth As The Poorest 3.5 Billion 
Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks and re-establishing firewalls that separates risk taking from traditional banking.
This campaign ain’t about Bernie. I can’t do it alone. This campaign is about you. 
We need to look at addiction not as a crime, but a health issue. 
Health care is a right, not a privilege. That's why my plan will insure every American. 
 "They talk about people taking advantage of welfare, but it is the Walmart family who is the biggest cheater of the wel…
Some people told me Alabama was a conservative state. I guess not. Watch live:   
  borrowing from King, big cheers "What does it mean if you can get into the hospital, but you come out bank…
This is a campaign of the people, by the people, and for the people. 
Tune in LIVE to and in Alabama here:    
Tune in LIVE as we address thousands who came out to Birmingham to say: “Enough is enough!"  
 Exactly an hour to go and the Boutwell in Alabama is already packed   
Excited to be in Birmingham tonight for a rally to discuss the issues facing our nation. 
How did I prep for yesterday’s debate? I joined the  picket line. It’s what I do.
Health care should be a right of all people, not a privilege. This is not a radical idea. It exists in every other major country on earth.
This country was built by immigrants. I believe we are a nation that wants to see comprehensive immigration reform passed.
There's a disparity in education for children in poor communities. We’ve gotta change that. 
Higher education must be a right for all - not just wealthy families. 
 Bernie Sanders is the only candidate in either party with a net-positive favorability rating: 
Martin Luther King Jr: "This country has socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor.”
  marches on MLK Day in Columbia, S.C. 
As we honor MLK, we must remember not only what he stood for but pledge to continue his vision to transform America.
  plan would cover undocumented immigrants  | AP Photo 
 Bernie Sanders health care plan would save the average family more than $5,000.   
 Ranked follower growth (all cands) in 
Want to get on the front page of the paper? I have to make some vicious attack. I won't do that. 
There are no excuses. The governor long ago knew about the lead in Flint’s water. He did nothing. Gov. Snyder should resign. 
Bernie’s immigration plan is the gold standard. "We hope [Hillary] is inspired to match his boldness.”  
If elected president, Goldman Sachs will not be in my cabinet. 
Bernie supports a defense budget that looks after our national security interests not the profits of defense contractors. 
Bernie is the only candidate that voted against giving the NSA power to spy on Americans. 
Me parece muy extraño que un muchacho que fuma mariguana es arrestado pero los ladrones en Wall Street siguen libres. 
 VIDEO: has a 4 point plan to tackle police brutality 
We can protect America without violating our citizens' constitutional rights. That's why Bernie voted against the Patriot Act. 
"Cuando alguien muere en custodia policial se debe iniciar automáticamente una investigación federal." 
 judgment matters in foreign affairs. is the only candidate who voted against the iraq war.
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in, but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner.
Where do the candidates get their money?  
It's amazing that Republicans are so owned by fossil fuel contributors that they don't have the courage to listen to science. 
We bailed out Wall Street, it’s their turn to bail out the middle class and help our kids go to college tuition-free. 
Making public colleges and universities tuition free would save middle-class families sending kids to college $9,400 a year. 
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free. 
I don't get personal speaking fees from Goldman Sachs.  
We don't have a super PAC. We don't want a super PAC. And we don't NEED a super PAC. This is a people’s campaign. 
Bernie's plan to take on Wall St.:✅Break up the big banks✅Reestablish Glass-Steagall✅Make them pay their fair share
Looking forward to your plan,  
 will save the American people and businesses over $6 trillion in the next decade. 
Under Bernie's plan, the average family would pay less for an entire year of health care than they currently do in a month. 
Health care should be a right of all people, not a privilege. This is not a radical idea. It exists in every other major country on earth.
Bernie's plan will expand on the ACA and create a system that puts people's health over profits.  
Addiction is a disease, not a criminal activity. 
We must demilitarize our police forces so they don’t look and act like invading armies. 
We need police forces that reflect the diversity of our communities, including in training academies and leadership. 
Whenever anyone is killed in police custody it should automatically trigger a federal investigation. 
Polls confirm: Bernie is the best Democratic candidate to take on Republicans in the general election.  
We must make certain that people who should not have guns, do not have guns. We must fight for sensible gun control legislation.
In 1988, Bernie stood up to the gun lobby and said we should not be selling military assault weapons.  
Our campaign is about thinking big: health care for all, $15 minimum wage and creating millions of new jobs. 
This campaign is about a political revolution to transform our country economically, socially and environmentally. 
Ready to  Show your support for Bernie at tonight’s   
  Yes let's stop voter suppression with congressional action to   
 speaking up on the issue of   
We need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage.  
Before we head to the  I'll be rallying with workers in Charleston in the  and a union. 
Health care is a right, not a privilege. Bernie's plan will cover all Americans. Learn more:  
 means no more copays, no more deductibles and no more fighting with insurance companies when they fail to pay for charges.
Es hora de unirnos a las naciones que garantizan la atención médica como un derecho para todos, no un privilegio. 
My  plan is the only plan that provides health care to ALL Americans, including the 50 million uninsured or underinsured.
A family making $50,000 would save $5,807 a year under my  plan. 
It’s time to join every other major nation and guarantee health care to all as a right, not a privilege. 
When you’re sick you should go to the doctor. And when you come out of the hospital you should not come out in bankruptcy. 
Want to help amplify Bernie's message with other supporters using social media? Join Connect:  
 "It's not a plan, it's a vague idea." -Bernie Sanders on Hillary Clinton's tax plan. 
We're reminded when we knock doors in the snow that our environment is worth fighting for.  
Will Wall Street begin to play by the rules if I'm president? You better believe it.  
We have a moral responsibility to fight against fact-deniers to protect our planet.  
The test of a great nation is how it resolves international conflicts in a peaceful manner.  
A woman has a right to control her own body.  
Every student in America should be able to attend public college tuition-free.  
We must fight for everybody to earn a living wage.  
Money is not the same as speech. We must stop big money polluting our politics.  
 Fantastic look at a day in the life of a volunteer in New Hampshire.  
 New NBC/WSJ poll shows outperforming in general-election matchup against Donald Trump 
Live with “I’ll give you an example of our broken criminal justice system...”  
Streaming live right now discussing MLK’s legacy:  
 Streaming live right now w/ ; 
Happening now. Bernie, Senator Turner, Killer Mike and Dr. Cornel West LIVE:  
  gets ready to sitdown with and for LiveStream in  SC 
Bernie is joined by Killer Mike, Senator Nina Turner and Dr. Cornel West to discuss the legacy of MLK. Watch: 
We have a brand new tool for Bernie supporters online, and you can be one of the first to use it: 
 speaking at Mother Emanuel AME church about the importance of honoring Dr. Kings legacy. 
 WATCH: campaign "sounding like Republicans" in attacks on his health care proposals.
We have more people in jail than any other country on earth including China, an authoritarian country 4 times our size.
  health care attacks "obviously not true"   
 Coming up on interviews ahead of  
We are going to create a nation that works for all of us, not just for a handful of millionaires and billionaires. 
When it comes to our responsibilities as human beings and parents, it is imperative our planet stays habitable for our kids and grandkids.
Actor Stephen Bishop, Senator and Dr. enjoying Charleston famous fish fry. 
We can live in a country where every person who dreams of becoming a citizen has a rational path forward, not just a dark corner to hide in.
 The water supply in Flint, Michigan was poisoned and and want to fix it 
The truth is you can't change a corrupt  system by taking its money. 
 SIGN UP: Unidos con Bernie tele town hall with and 
The greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans. That cannot continue.
 on the ph w organizers to pump up Millennials to doorknock!   
Congrats to Zeta Phi Beta and members of my team and on 96 years of service. Happy Founders' Day. 
Congrats, The test of a great nation is how we use our strength to resolve conflicts in a peaceful way. 
 Sanders: Snyder should resign over Flint water crisis 
Not one major Wall Street executive has been prosecuted for the near collapse of our economy. That will change under my administration.
The truth is you can't change a corrupt  system by taking its money. 
I will fight for a 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act to clearly separate commercial banking, investment banking, and insurance services.
The truth is, you can't change a corrupt system by taking its money.
 Declaraciones de Sanders sobre la Liberación de Prisioneros en Irán  via 
 So far seems to be the one candidate who truly has the people's back   
This good news shows that diplomacy can work even in this volatile region of the world.  
Children in Flint will be plagued with brain damage and other health problems. The people of Flint deserve more than an apology.
Because of the conduct by Gov. Snyder's administration, families will suffer from lead poisoning for the rest of their lives.
There are no excuses. The governor long ago knew about the lead in Flint's water. He did nothing. Gov. Snyder should resign.
Sanders Statement: Michigan Governor Must Resign over Flint Lead-Poisoning Crisis 
Three out of the four largest financial institutions are bigger now than before we bailed them out.
Kids are jailed for possessing marijuana or other minor crimes. Nothing happens to Wall Street execs whose illegal behavior harmed millions.
The truth is, you can't change a corrupt system by taking its money.  
The truth is, you can't change a corrupt system by taking its money.
The truth is, you can't change your corrupt system by taking its money. 
The reality is that Congress doesn’t regulate Wall Street. Wall Street, its lobbyists and their billions of dollars regulate Congress.
The truth is, you can't change your corrupt system by taking its money. - 
The truth is, you can't change your corrupt system by taking its money. - 
And within one year, my administration will break these institutions up so that they no longer pose a grave threat to the economy.
During the first 100 days of my administration, the Treasury Department will create a too-big-to fail list of banks and insurance companies.
Under my administration, Goldman Sachs execs and other Wall Street CEOs won’t go through the revolving door from Wall Street to government.
  Here's why is the best candidate for President  
 Tune in to  this Sunday for an interview with on his strong new poll numbers and more. 
We need federal prosecutors and regulators with clear track records of standing up to the greed and recklessness on Wall Street.
The $5 billion settlement with Goldman Sachs should make it clear to everyone that the business model on Wall Street is fraud.
As president, I would make the moratorium permanent and extend it to all new fossil fuel leases.  
I applaud the president for stopping all new federal coal leases on public lands. We must do all we can to keep fossil fuels in the ground.
 "He Has Summoned a Political Revolution": Magazine Endorses  
 As polls show a tightening Democratic race, we'll interview on Sunday's show, so tune in! 
Congrats to  Sorority, Inc. and Facia Johnson on my S.C. team on 108 years of service. Happy Founders' Day.  
We will no longer tolerate an economic and political system that has been rigged by Wall Street to benefit the wealthiest Americans.
 Candid footage of and his sit down with   
Greed, fraud, dishonesty, and arrogance are the words that best describe the reality of Wall Street today.
It is insane and counter-productive that that millions of kids leave school with a mountain of debt that burdens them for decades.
The Bernie store funds our political revolution. Get your union made, made in America merch:  
So, yes, we are going to expand, not cut, Social Security benefits.  
Social Security has a $2.8 trillion surplus. It can pay every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 19 years. 
Republicans on stage claim Social Security is going broke. They are dead wrong. 
Now is not the time for demagoguery and fear mongering. During these difficult times, we will not succumb to Islamophobia. 
The Republicans seem to think they could beat our campaign. They haven’t seen the polls.  
 I'm proud that we have a president that is committed to funding Planned Parenthood. 
I have a message for Donald Trump: No, we’re not going to hate Latinos or Muslims. We are going to stand together. 
 Meanwhile in New Hampshire, an endorsement for Bernie. "I feel a little bit like jack-in-the-box,” Kirk said. 
  single payer "has got to be the vision that we fight for"  
 Some of the largest applause of the night at a event at comes when Sanders calls for single-payer…
We need to make it easier for kids to go to college regardless of their family's income.  
I want to thank everyone who came out to our town hall tonight and I want to thank all those in the overflow room: 
 Big applause for "I say to the Walton family (owners of wal-mart), get off the welfare train, start paying a decent wage"…
I hope every man in this room will stand up and fight for women's pay equity. 
The system is rigged when the average person works longer hours for lower wages, and 58 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent.
 Former DNC Chairman Paul Kirk endorses at press conf in  
 Watch Sanders' Dartmouth press conference live on ABC News online 
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman, her family and physician to make, not the government.
Clinton Surrogate Guarantees Negative Ad Campaign Against Sanders 
We can live in a nation where everyone, no matter their race, religion or sexual orientation realizes the full promise of equality.
 I support for POTUS. As the top ranking black elected in  I take this endorsement very seriously. ht…
 I'm proud to have back. Add your name if you are, too:   
In 2015, a college degree is equivalent to what a high school degree was 50 years ago. Public colleges should be tuition free.
Getting ready to grow our revolution in NH with a daytime canvass training and door knocking.  
It's time to expand Social Security to make sure that everyone can retire with the dignity and respect they deserve.
Please join me and special guests for a rally in Birmingham. RSVP here:  
My plan will ensure that all seniors can retire with dignity and respect they deserve.
We have got to discourage reckless gambling on Wall Street and encourage productive investments in the job-creating economy. 
Will Wall Street like me? No. Will they begin to play by the rules if I'm elected president? You better believe it. 
Will Wall Street like me? No. Will they begin to play by the rules if I'm president? You better believe it. 
Will Wall Street like me? No. Will they begin to play by the rules if I'm president? You better believe it.
 We rarely do this—only twice before in 150 years—but today we endorse Bernie Sanders for president: 
 Bernie Sanders for President/With integrity ; principle, he's calling Americans to a political revolution htt…
 Packed house at  HQ in Des Moines. These volunteers are dialing for democracy cuz they  
Are we prepared to take on the enormous power of the billionaire class, or do we continue to slide into economic and political oligarchy?
"Food stamp recipients didn't cause the financial crisis; recklessness on Wall Street did.” -
 It's packed at opening of first campaign office in Maine. Atmosphere almost like a rally. 
Congrats to Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. on 103 years of service! Happy Founders Day to my team members and Tracy Gibson.
I stand with the hundreds of Nevadans asking to protect NV solar jobs and investments in our clean energy future.
Flashback: Hillary Clinton on universal health care in 2008
Tune in to on MSNBC right now for an important discussion on the issues facing our nation. 
 BREAKING: We’re endorsing for President!    
"To Bernie Sanders with thanks for your commitment to real health care access for all Americans..." 
The right-wing in this country is waging a war against women and by working together, we will ensure that is a war they are going to lose.
Incredibly, today in many states, it is still legal to fire someone for being gay. That is unacceptable and must change.
Tonight’s speech was important. The president reminded us not to be afraid of change, but to wield it to improve the lives of all Americans.
We must prevent employers from discriminating against applicants based on criminal history by “banning the box.”
We must make high-quality childcare and Pre-K available to every American, regardless of income.
When it comes to the rights of women, we cannot go backwards. We have got to go forward. 
A humane immigration system must recognize that family is integral to a worker’s pursuit of happiness and economic productivity.
 New polls show leading in both  ;   
We need to ban prisons for profit, which result in an over-incentive to arrest, jail and detain in order to keep prison beds full.
Healthcare must be recognized as a right, not a privilege.
We must create a national healthcare system that provides quality healthcare for all in the most cost-effective way possible.
  wins PAC endorsement w/78.6% of 341K votes cast; most votes ; highest win % in our history. 
Proud to have the millions of members join our people-powered campaign. Welcome to the political revolution. 
 BREAKING:  members back in the  presidential race!  
ICYMI — Joe Biden on our campaign:
There needs to be a path back from prison. We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated.
 Biden praises Sanders on income inequality, calls Clinton 'relatively new' to the fight 
 Let's talk about diversity in a presidential campaign...   
 "Hay un sólo país del mundo industrializado donde las personas no tienen garantizado el derecho a la salud y es EEUU" dice…
We have got to demilitarize our local police departments so they do not look like invading armies. 
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act. 
There's a disparity in education for children in poor communities and communities of color in particular. We’ve gotta change that. 
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class. 
Tune in now for the Black ; Brown  LIVE: 
If we are serious about providing high-quality affordable healthcare the real solution is a Medicare-for-all, single-payer system.
If I am elected President, the billionaire class will know that the days in which they have it all is over.
"The Sanders' campaign is about making our government meaningful again.” - 
When somebody is forced to flee their country because they are unsafe back home, we have the moral responsibility to protect them.
  latest post: "4 Reasons Why Wall St. Should Be Fearing The Bern"  
If voter turn out is low, if people give up on political process frankly it will be hard to bring about the changes I want to see.
 LIVE: holds town hall in Iowa  
If people are deeply involved and the political conscience goes up then we can bring the profound changes to this country.
If you ever want to work for a campaign that shares your values on health care, there's always room at Bernie 2016. 
We must guarantee health care as a right to every man, woman and child by enacting a Medicare for all single-payer health care plan.
 WATCH LIVE: holds a town meeting in Perry, IA  
We must tell the billionaire class: You can't continue to get tax breaks while children in this country go hungry! 
 We're sitting with ; to discuss issues that matter to you, tonight! 
 Kid at Bernie event: "Politicians get money by succumbing to corporate interests.” “I agree with Max.”
Since the implementation of NAFTA, the number of Mexicans living below the poverty line has increased by over 14 million people.
 Hillary Clinton’s plan for paid family leave is bad policy design:  
Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Can I count on you? 
  says he's the Democrats' most electable candidate 
A campaign is not about political gossip. It's about you, the lives of your children and your parents.  
Wal-mart benefits and wages are so low, that many of their workers are on Medicaid, food stamps and in subsidized housing. 
It is grotesque, immoral, and unsustainable the kind of income inequality that exists today.
Since the implementation of NAFTA, almost 2 million small farmers have been displaced.
  talking climate change in Boone, IA. 
  weighs in on    
The reality is fraud is the business model of Wall Street. It is not the exception to the rule. It is the rule.
I've talked to too many young people who are very scared about seeing their parents deported. We must keep families together.
We must provide legal protections for our undocumented brothers and sisters and we must provide a path towards citizenship.
"Vulture funds on Wall Street must understand that they cannot profit from this crisis in Puerto Rico.” 
I say to the Walton family: Get off of welfare. Start paying your employees a living wage!
Big banks need to stop acting like loan sharks and start acting like responsible lenders.
 Sanders: "If people are concerned about electability, and Democrats should be very concerned...I think Bernie Sanders is t…
 Also: Sanders outperforms Clinton in gen-elex (RVs):IA: HRC 48, Trump 40; Sanders 51, Trump 38NH: HRC 45, Trump 44: …
I'll be on in a few minutes to discuss the important issues facing our nation. Tune in! 
Today, we need to cap interest rates on credit cards and consumer loans at 15 percent.
 Q: How do you know a event is SERIOUS? A: is in da house (on a 3-degree night in Des Moines) 
We must also cap ATM fees at $2.00. People should not have to pay a 10 percent fee for withdrawing $40 of their own money out of an ATM.
It is unacceptable that millions of Americans are paying credit card interest rates of 20 or 30 percent.
 It was an honor to be at the ribbon cutting of volunteer-driven office in Lakewood, Oh   
30 days! Claremont is out in force for our GOTV kickoff.   
  tells progressive grp in Des Moines he would "ban the box" in 1st 100 days for govt contractors -help f…
  says “Nobody has ever asked me for my birth certificate. Maybe it has something to do with the color of my…
The postal service can play an important role in providing modest types of banking to folks who need it. 
Payday lenders are involved in usury in this country. We need to cap interest rates on consumer loans at 15 percent. 
 Will you invest $200 billion in cities? man asks"No, I'll invest a trillion" responds  
Speaking at the Iowa Watch live here: 
 ABSOLUTELY: praises as a model for the  we need. 
If you don't want some right-wing extremist in the White House, you're looking at the candidate who can beat them.
Next time you hear a politician talking about “family values,” you may want to ask whether they support measures which really help families.
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118,500 a year. It’s time for a change.
We must strengthen Social Security and rein in skyrocketing drug prices in this country.
 Amazing turnout and conversation with senior citizens in Newton, Iowa this morning  
30 days! Claremont is out in force for our GOTV kickoff.    
We are proud to be running a grassroots campaign powered almost entirely by small contributions from working people. 
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation’s history.  
We are the only advanced economy that doesn’t guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave, paid sick leave or paid vacation time.
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in, but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner.
“Today she’s attacking Bernie on guns. Eight years ago she attacked Barack Obama on guns.” - Jeff Weaver
With your help, we are poised to pull off one of the great political upsets in the history of our country. 
The time is now to pass the single-payer Medicare for All program.  
We will win in 2016. Not just the White House and the Congress, but Statehouses all across the country.  
 "I don't know about you, but I think it's time to make some history - what do you think?"   
This campaign is not about electing Bernie Sanders for president. It is about creating a grassroots political movement. It’s about you.
What we’re doing on on this campaign is treating the American people like they're intelligent human beings.  
We must fundamentally rewrite our trade policy so that American products, not American jobs, are our No. 1 export.
 our first huge event at this campaign trail, Bernie Sanders @ Cedar Rapid's Veterans memorial building 
Maybe Hillary Clinton should apologize for this? 
The American people are demanding action to create jobs for their kids and retirement security for their parents.
We have got to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of decent paying jobs in the process. 
 Jane Sanders talking to Muscatine supporters ; vols about the change that happens when we work together  
 Brent Roske speaks with in Iowa about the 2016 elections:  via
 “sanders has now laid out the most radical option on the table that other candidates will be judged against.”  
We have more people in jail than any other country on earth, including China, an authoritarian country four times our size. 
Excited to be in Waverly, Iowa today. Tune in live now:  
Here’s my pledge: no fossil fuel lobbyist or executive will find work in a Sanders administration.
What's fair is fair. All three of the Democratic candidates for president should be on the debate stage. Period.
If President Johnson had taken the same position as that a small payroll tax was unacceptable we wouldn't have Medicare.
If President Franklin Roosevelt had taken the same position that a small payroll tax is unacceptable we would not have Social Security.
Just like Social Security, paid family and medical leave is a program that workers would pay into. Just $1.61 a week for the average worker.
Over 20 percent of mothers who have jobs in America have to go back to work just two weeks after giving birth. That’s unacceptable.
 Nice turnout for coffee with Larry Cohen from in Des Moines!   
Family values: let’s talk about what those words mean.
In my view, every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave.
The environment is not for corporations to exploit today, but a treasure to preserve for future generations to enjoy.
I am confident I would win. 
They will not support a candidate who wants to give huge tax breaks to billionaires like himself.
They will not support a candidate who thinks climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese.
They will not support a candidate who does not favor raising the minimum wage and who thinks wages in the country are too high.
The American people will not support a candidate trying to divide us up by where we came from.
Finally and I agree on something. He and I both want to run against the other. Guess who wins?
What I’ve been saying loudly and clearly is: We’ve gotta invest in more jobs and education, not jails and incarceration.
 Sanders to discuss family leave policies in Iowa, by 
Sanders’ Campaign Questions Clinton Opposition to Paid Family and Medical Leave Legislation:
We had a kid friendly parents phone bank tonight in Manchester. cc  
Billionaires already own much of our economy. Now, they want to own the United States government as well. 
We've shown what's possible in terms of competing financially against the billionaires. Time to show we can organize our communities too.
 Bernie Sanders has put the recent deportation raids of Central American immigrants on blast  
In my view, it is unacceptable that Americans are paying a $4 or $5 fee each time they go to the ATM.
Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks and resurrecting Glass-Steagall.
 No big deal but here's that political revolution keeps talking about. via 
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30,000 each. That’s unsustainable and unforgivable.
Proud of the dedication and organizing that my staff and volunteers are doing in Nevada.  
A woman has a right to control her own body.
It is not acceptable that so many young people have criminal records for smoking marijuana, while the CEOs of banks do not.
Behind the scenes footage of my interview with Watch the full interview here: 
At the core of these policies should be compassion for unaccompanied minors and victims of domestic violence and criminal gang activity.
Our policies should be consistent with our historical commitment to provide protection to those fleeing violence and persecution.
Raids are not the answer. We cannot continue to employ inhumane tactics involving rounding up and deporting thousands of immigrant families.
It makes no sense to give tax breaks to billionaires when we have so many children living in poverty.
We need to take a hard look at the use of force. Lethal force should be the last resort, not the first resort.
  says that when people stand together, there is nothing this country can't accomplish. That's what his campaign …
Change never takes place from the top down. It always takes place from the bottom up. Join us. 
No president alone can effectively address the issues facing this country without a political revolution. 
  says the Koch brothers and fossil fuel industry may not like it...but time is now to move to sustainable energy.
 "En este pais estamos trabajando mas de 2 trabajos. Tenemos que subir el salario a $15 la hora" 
Here is a radical idea: We’re going to create an economy that works for working families, not just the billionaires! 
It’s not a radical idea to say that someone working 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty.  
 Bernie just took stage at   to an insane level of cheering and noise.  
Speaking next at the battle born / battleground dinner. watch live:  
 before you watch him at the battleground dinner, read about momentum in NV:  …
  on He’s served admirably as Chairman of the Budget Cmte ; Veterans Cmte. Glad he's spent so much …
 Civics 101 with Professor   
We need to keep fossil fuels in the ground, and move to 100 percent renewable energy - and we need to act immediately.
  when a police officer breaks the law, that police office has to be held accountable.  
Mom is working, dad is working, teenagers are working longer hours for lower wages. Yet new wealth goes to top 1 percent. 
  Campaign Rallies As They Turn In Petitions In Illinois &gt;  
 Looks who's feeling The Bern 
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face.
I'm glad the Labor Board saw the injustice of Ingredion's actions. Solidarity in the fight for workers’ dignity. 
  on big banks: "our job is to break them up"  
We've got a seat waiting for you at our Keene phone bank.   
It is absurd that college graduates today are carrying debts of $50,000, $100,000 or more. We must deal with the issue of student debt.
Our supporters are organizing thousands more events in communities all across the country as well. Find yours here: 
Republicans hate the government--unless you’re a woman. Then they love the government dictating what you can do with your own body.
Trickle-down economics is a fraudulent theory. I believe in creating jobs and raising the wages of working people.
 Its Berniepalooza in Vegas tomorrow. May you will join and me!  
 "Wholly false”: Hillary Clinton is misleading people about Bernie Sanders’ Wall Street reform, again 
No one should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars. We must end the private-for-profit prison racket in America!
Summary: be true to yourself and bank local. 
Republicans are waging a war against women and, let me be very clear, it is not a war that we are going to allow them to win.
 I'm glad is out there fighting to hold big banks accountable, make our economy safer, ; stop the GOP fro…
 11 big banks are still so risky that if any one started to fail, they'd need a gov bailout or risk taking down the econ…
Every student in America should be able to attend public college tuition-free.
Income inequality is a defining issue of our time. Together, we can create a fairer society.
We have a moral responsibility to protect our planet for our kids and grandkids.
As families across this country continue to struggle to make ends meet, we must fight for fair wages for all.
We must not surrender our system to billionaires and special interests. We must fight back together.
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties. This is not democracy.
 WATCH: full, uncut interview with now:  
  on   
  Should health care be a right of all people or should it not? I think it should.
  coming up NEXT!  
 "Democrats need a high voter turnout, and I think we can do that." - on why he is better candidate 
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness. It doesn’t have to be this way.
Congrats to Kappa Alpha Psi Inc. on 105 years of achievement. Very proud of my team and members and 
 Watch me  with this guy  
 WATCH: "If Wall Street does not end its greed, we will end it for them." 
When you’re sick, you should be able to access health care. When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy.
ICYMI: Here’s my full speech of my plan to rein in Wall Street so they can’t crash our economy again. 
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard.
  is redefining the fundraising game in 2016. We'll ask him about $$$ TOMORROW!  
  is back, w/ ; 11:30/10:30c on  
There needs to be a path back from prison. We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated.
 Coming up at 5pm ET, joins us live on the  set. LIVESTREAM here:  
Join me for a special "DFA Live" conference call this Thursday. RSVP here:
  is more than a rebel, he gets things done. He has for decades:   
Will Wall Street like me? No. Will they begin to play by the rules if I’m president? You better believe it. 
But we have something they don’t have: millions of working families standing together demanding fundamental changes in our financial system.
Yes, Wall Street makes huge campaign contributions and they provide very generous speaking fees to those who go before them. 
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grass-roots movement.
In my view, it is unacceptable that the Federal Reserve has been hijacked by the very bankers it is in charge of regulating. 
 "It is unacceptable that Americans are paying a $4 or $5 fee each time they go to the ATM."  
 “huge banks need to stop acting like loan sharks and start acting like responsible lenders.” — 
Today, we don't need the pitchforks or rivers of boiling blood, but we do need a National Usury law. 
My administration will turn for-profit credit rating agencies into non-profit institutions, independent from Wall Street. 
 "Now it's Wall Street's turn to help the middle class" 
We will use the revenue from this tax to make public colleges and universities tuition free. 
If we are serious about reforming our financial system, we have got to establish a tax on Wall Street speculators.
Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks will not be represented in my administration. 
 Under my administration, Wall Street CEOs will no longer receive a "get out of jail free" card.  
Under my administration, “Equal Justice Under Law” will be the standard that applies to Wall Street and all Americans. 
 Fraud is the business model of Wall St. It is not the exception, it is the rule. -  
 "Fraud is the business model of Wall Street!"-  
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free. 
In my view, establishment politicians are the ones who need to “cut it out.” Real Wall Street reform means breaking up the big banks.
Secretary Clinton says we just need to impose a few more fees and regulations on the financial industry. I disagree. 
In my view, is right. Dodd-Frank should have broken up Citigroup and other “too- big-to-fail” banks into pieces. 
Within one year, my administration will break these institutions up so that they no longer pose a grave threat to the economy. 
 WATCH LIVE: gives address on Wall Street reform  
Here is a New Year’s Resolution that we will keep: If Wall Street does not end its greed we will end it for them. 
Bernie has a message for Wall Street. Watch it live from New York now:   
In 2008, the greed, recklessness and illegal behavior on Wall Street nearly destroyed the U.S. and global economy. 
We must stand up to the greed on Wall Street by breaking up too-big-to-fail banks that have done so much damage to the economy. 
 Bernie Sanders is giving a major speech on Wall Street today in which he commits to busting up the biggest banks... 
These same six banks control 95 percent of all derivatives and hold more than 40 percent of all deposits in the United States. 
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy. Not more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance. 
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist. 
Repealing Glass-Steagall and allowing commercial banks to merge with investment banks in 1999 was a huge mistake. 
I support President Obama's executive actions to make our communities safer.
I’ve got a message for Wall Street. Watch it live from New York at 2PM EST:   
We should not be a country in which we have banks to big to fail and bankers too big to jail. 
If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, he would say to the big banks: break 'em up. And he would be right. 
American democracy is one person, one vote – with every citizen having an equal say – and no voter suppression.
We have got to demilitarize our local police departments so they do not look like invading armies.
We have to end the international embarrassment of not guaranteeing 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave. 
Any Supreme Court nominee of mine will make overturning Citizens United one of their first decisions.  
 Sanders on big banks: “If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, he would say it’s time to break them up. I agree.”
As a result of Citizens United, some raise money by sitting down with millionaires and billionaires. Not me.  
 Bernie Sanders about to speak at Manchester Community College. Packed house. 
I met a man who's been paying off his student loans for 25 years and he's worried about his social security being garnished when he retires.
Q. Have you seen Damn right I have.
At this moment in history we need proven leadership that’s prepared to stand up to the wealthiest and most powerful people in this country.
 TOMORROW: Don't miss 3rd appearance on  11:30/10:30c on  
A people-powered campaign:✅$73 million since April 30✅2,513,665 contributions✅More than 1 million donors✅Average contribution &lt;$30
We have a moral responsibility to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and leave our children a healthy and habitable planet. 
  speaks to crowd of students of all political persuasions at convention   
What we have seen over the last thirty years is more people working longer hours for lower wages.   
We're proud to have raised more than $33 million this quarter, with an average contribution of $27.
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut. They are dead wrong. 
Elections should be determined by the power of good ideas, not who can hustle the most money from the rich and powerful.
  got 2.5M+ donations in 2015. and call this "unprecedented."  
More than 2.5 million contributions are powering this campaign. That's what a grassroots movement looks like.
This campaign cannot be won by me alone. That is absolutely for sure. To win, all of us must be deeply involved.
You have moms being separated from their babies in the most important period of the baby's life. That's a disgrace. 
Virginia, join the political revolution and come to one of our organizing meetings next week:
As a nation we need to give single moms the support they need.
  "Nuestras ganancias en las encuestas quieren decir que puedo ser elegido"  
Too many Americans have seen their lives destroyed because they have criminal records as a result of marijuana use. 
This campaign is about capturing the reality of what's happening in America. 
 800+ at Plaistow town hall with talking youth unemployment.    
At the end of the day, the most important tool isn't a test. It's teachers who care about the children. 
Not only did we work hard to stop the No Child Left Behind Act, you're looking at a guy who voted against it. 
  mentions need for broadband throughout rural America, high quality cell phone service throughout rural Ameri…
I didn't have to wait to oppose the TPP which follows in the footsteps of other failed free trade agreements.  
If I am elected president of the United States, the pharmaceutical industry will know who the president is and their greed is going to end.
We judge a country not by the number of millionaires and billionaires it produces but by how it treats the most vulnerable people. 
While Bernie is in Londonderry, volunteers in West Lebanon are getting ready to knock on doors.  
Q. Why is my husband's medication $1000 here versus $56 in Canada?A: Last year big pharma employed 1400+ lobbyists. 
One reason our campaign is doing well is that we are talking to the American people with intelligence.  
  Full tax plan is coming before Iowa votes  via  
  on "I believe that I am a vehicle of change"   
  says a higher minimum wage, universal college ; campaign finance reform will appeal to Trump's working class s…
We have more prisoners, more homeless people, and more economic inequality. It doesn’t have to be this way. We can make better choices.
Volunteers in Hanover stayed for a second shift of talking to voters on their door steps.  
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve. 
 is ready to shock some people on election day and win the  primary. 
We will not accept a political system which is increasingly corrupt, which allows billionaires to buy elections. 
We will not accept a political system which is increasingly corrupt and which allows billionaires to buy elections.
Let me be clear: We don't have a super PAC. We don't want a super PAC. And we don't NEED a super PAC. This is a people’s campaign.
Worcester, welcome to the political revolution.  
We're proud to have raised more than $33 million this quarter, with an average contribution of $27.
 Loved seeing such an incredible dreamer, introduce Bernie at our Massachusetts rally!  
 Bernie Sanders' campaign says it raised $33 million in the 4th quarter, enters 2016 with $28.4 million cash-on-hand 
 Tune in to  tomorrow for on his strategy leading up to Iowa caucuses, gun control, and more. 
 Getting ready for  in Worcester! 
I've talked to too many young Latinos scared that tomorrow their mom or dad may be deported. We must unite, not divide families. 
There are 11 million people in this country who are undocumented, who are frightened, and who are living in the shadows. 
 “I will fight to make sure that every public college and university in America is tuition free.”
I voted against NAFTA, CAFTA, PNTR with China. They have been a disaster for the American worker. 
 We should be hiring teachers, not firing them.  
Republican family values are that a woman should not have the right to control her own body. I disagree. 
There is a profound anger and disgust at the status quo. People want REAL CHANGE. 
I do not represent the billionaire class. I don't represent corporate America. They can keep their money. This is our movement. 
 MA is feeling the Bern, speaking to an overflow crowd.  
Now, there's a lot of us — but we need to come together, get organized, and win.  
Excited to be in Amherst today! Watch live here: 
This people-powered campaign is revolutionizing American politics.  
A people-powered campaign:✅$73 million since April 30✅2,513,665 contributions✅More than 1 million donors✅Average contribution &lt;$30
More than 2.5 million contributions are powering this campaign. That's what a grassroots movement looks like.
The cost of war is real. It is terrible. And it should be the last resort.
 Planning to learn a new programming language this year? Join 962 developers and learn while building something useful f…
It is beyond my comprehension how we can have a major party who deny the reality of what the entire world's scientific community is saying.
The gap between the very rich and everyone else in America is wider today than at any time since the 1920s.
  The crowds are loving us. 
Let's better understand social and economic justice, tolerance,  respect for all people and the environment. 
Let's make 2016 a year that people for hundreds of years will remember as the year we transformed America.
I voted against the USA Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward and Orwellian society.
Despite an explosion in technology and a huge increase in productivity, the middle class continues to disappear.
As 2015 comes to an end, my family, staff and I want to take an opportunity to wish our friends a 
 Supporters kick off their New Year's Eve revelry w in Des Moines.   
Together, we have an opportunity to make 2016 a year to remember. 
With prescription drugs soaring, tell me how one gets by on $13,000 a year? The answer is: they don’t.
 If we win Iowa - and I think we're going to - we have a path to pulling off one of the biggest upsets in political histo…
Many young people are leaving school deeply in debt for what? For the crime of trying to get an education and make it to the middle class.
Addiction is a disease, not a criminal activity.
Guy robs a bank in order to get health care in the federal prison system. We can do better than that. 
Can I count on you to make a contribution to our campaign before tonight's midnight FEC fundraising deadline?
Must read: "If you are black, you’re far more likely to land in jail because of a parking ticket.” 
Nothing significant in this country happens in terms of change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place.
 Paid family/medical leave is worth $1.61 a week increase in payroll tax on middle class, says calling it a…
 with the editorial board.   
 Sanders: Will win old fashioned way with grassroots politics. Hopes to have 50,000 in attendance at meetings by end of 
I'm deeply concerned that intelligence agencies are collecting huge amounts of information about phone calls, emails, and websites we visit.
Can I count on you to make a contribution to our campaign before tonight's midnight FEC fundraising deadline?
More and more seniors living in poverty. We must ensure every American can retire with dignity and respect:
 Bernie Sanders says "insights will be sorely missed by Post readers.” 
Over the last 30 years there has been a transfer of trillions of dollars from the middle class to the top one-tenth of one percent.
 WATCH LIVE: campaigns in Iowa on New Year's Eve  
 Standing room only - many people in the hallway outside Knoxville, Iowa event this am -about 500 ppl htt…
It's standing room only for our town hall in Knoxville, IA this morning!  
 Jenni Crabb, cafeteria worker at rally in Knoxville, IA, says she convinced 5 friends to caucus for him who…
I'm proud of this decision. Transgender veterans should never be turned away from the VA. 
Calling voters is one of the highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Can I count you in?
Republicans think the cost-of-living adjustments that seniors have been receiving are too generous. Last adjustment? Zero. Too generous.
We have seen far too many people, often African Americans, who are unarmed, shot and killed by police officers.
 POTUS hopeful to rally in  ;  -  via   
 "The time is now for a political revolution," tells crowd of about 800 in Ottumwa tonight 
We must stand up to the fossil fuel industry and transform our energy system.
We must not only make public colleges and universities tuition free, we must also substantially lower interest rates on college debt.
The United States government should not be accumulating phone records on tens of millions of Americans. That is not what freedom is about.
 LIVE: holds a town hall event at Keokuk Middle School in Keokuk, Iowa  
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality billionaires like Trump should pay their fair share of taxes.
 Bernie's message is resonating with a broad swath of voters. That can make a crucial difference in  
Today I stand with the families protesting DHS' plans for mass deportations of Central American refugees. 
We're gonna make a political revolution and we're gonna transform America.  
A 50-year old wealthy man can expect to live to 89. If poor, he can only expect to live to 76. Inequality kills. 
A wealthy woman who is 50 years old, can expect to live to the age of 92.  A low-income woman can only expect to live until the age of 78.
  exclusive from  
 "Our job is to do exactly the opposite of what Trump does," tells Davenport crowd of 1,000-plus
“I’m  because he has fought for disenfranchised communities his whole life." -Prescott  
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ranks the U.S. 16th in the world in terms of broadband access.
It’s important for rural America to stay connected to the internet and to do business with the rest of the world.
 On Snapchat Discover today, talks about why he thinks college should be tuition free.
We should be making it easier, not harder for people to go solar.
If you're working longer hours for lower wages, guess what? You ain't the only person in America in that position. 
We need a mass political movement in this country.  
It’s unacceptable that the top 10% of farms collect 75% of farm subsidies, while the bottom 62% don’t receive any.
 Last night on I interviewed presidential candidate Watch here:   
Smart policy is for the United States to lead the effort in establishing a strong international coalition.
The goal of U.S. foreign policy must be to destroy ISIS, but do it in a way that doesn't get American troops involved in perpetual warfare.
What happened in Ramadi is a model for the most effective way that the U.S. and our allies can destroy ISIS and its barbaric ideology.
 WATCH LIVE: holds town hall meeting in Muscatine, Iowa  
First snowy day in Derry, NH and out talking about ending inequality.  Volunteer:  
While we have massive cost overruns with defense contractors, we've got military families on food stamps. Maybe we want to change that.
If you want to know how the billionaire class has rigged the economy, read this:
"I want to urge all Iowans: as some political leaders call to divide us, you intensify your effort to unite."  
 How the wealthiest American families built their own private tax system  
 The wealthiest Americans have built a private tax system and saved themselves billions. Here’s how it works: 
I'm a different type of politician… Watch part 2 of my interview with here:
To those who want to divide us up: No, we’re not going to hate Latinos. We’re not going to hate Muslims. We are going to stand TOGETHER.
One in five Americans today cannot afford to fill the prescriptions their doctors write for them. That’s totally crazy.
We need to end voter suppression, and make it easier for people to vote, not harder.
 Today on Snapchat Discover we get to know Senator
 ¿Cómo propone reducir la desigualdad en EEUU? Descúbrelo en el  de 
I believe strongly we can protect our people without undermining our constitutional rights. I worry we're moving to an Orwellian society.
Tonight, 3,200 said loudly and clearly to Adelson and his billionaire friends: You can't have it all!  
  is done for tonight, but you can  at home and in your community:  
Nevada DNC Member Erin Bilbray Endorses Sanders for President 
I do not represent the interests of the billionaire class or corporate America. I represent you.  
  laying out the sobering facts behind the costs of war: thousands dead, many more thousands with PTSD and …
 Over the last 8 months, over 2.3 million individual contributions have come into our campaign. From close to 1 million pe…
 "When police officer breaks the law he/she must be held accountable"    
 "Instead of firing teachers, we should be hiring teachers." -   
 This campaign is not about fear. This campaign is not about Trump. This campaign is about PPL power  
With your support we’re going to win here in Nevada.  
 WATCH LIVE: speaks at Canyon Springs High School in North Las Vegas, Nevada:  
The middle class will continue to disappear unless we level the playing field. With your help as president, we will.
The 15 richest Americans acquired more wealth in two years than the bottom 100 million people combined.
“Bernie understands how pharmaceutical companies and major medical companies are ripping us off.” - Mari Cordes
 New ads highlight inequality  | Getty 
We must fully restore cuts to military pensions that were insisted upon by Republicans in the last budget deal. 
The fact that on any given night there are fifty thousand homeless veterans on the street is a national disgrace. 
We have an obligation to provide the best quality care to those who have put their lives on the line to defend us. 
I will do everything I can to expand benefits for people who desperately need them.
The middle class will continue to disappear unless we level the playing field. With your help as President, we will.
 TONIGHT: Campaign Rally in Las Vegas, NV – LIVE at 9:30pm ET online here:  
This campaign is about demanding we create an economy that works for all of us not just a handful of billionaires. 
 LIVE NOW: discusses women’s issues at a Women leaders Lunch in Las Vegas  
Look forward to talking to Iowans about issues that matter to them. See you in Davenport on Tues:  
We must think bigger and bolder to deliver the kind of social transformation we're all demanding.  
We win when people come together. We win when we reject division,
 Like her husband, Jane Sanders was born in Brooklyn and drawn to Vermont's political culture  
Tune in for a discussion on the issues facing our nation, Nevada. Up next on  
It is a national disgrace that the United States is the only major country that does not guarantee health care to all people as a right.
If I were elected president, the foxes would no longer guard the henhouse. 
 In Nevada, Sanders mocks Republicans for running to casino mogul for a financial lift 
The truth is, the insurance companies and the drug companies are bribing the United States Congress.
 "We cannot continue to scapegoat undocumented people... the discussion we need to have is how we pass comprehensive reform."
We should be talking about the embarassment we face as the only developed nation that does not provide paid family leave. 
When Republicans talk about family values, they're talking about defunding Planned Parenthood. 
 "Progressives win when there is a large voter turnout and when people know what's going on."
Add Bernie on snapchat to get updates from the Reno, Nevada town hall. Username: Bernie.Sanders 
Excited to be meeting with the people of Reno, Nevada today.  
Next year, four of the 12 presidents at the regional Federal Reserve Banks will be former executives from one firm: Goldman Sachs.
 Bernie Sanders: Central American refugees should not be "cast out" 
"Government by organized money is just as dangerous as government by organized mob.”  - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Calling voters is one of highest impact things you can do to help our campaign. Can I count you in?
Getting nervous that working families are catching on to whose interests he truly represents 
The greed of corporate America is destroying our economy. You have to take them on.
Didn’t get a chance to catch me on TV this morning? Get the recap here: 
I'm running for president because a handful of billionaires and wealthy families are trying to buy elections just to make themselves richer.
 Bernie draws 31K in Iowa: "It is not their kids who are going into war. It is your kids."  
 Trump has taken people's anger and anxiety about terrorism and converted it into anger against Mexicans or Muslims. -
It is my very strong inclination that if Sandra Bland was a white middle-class woman that would not have happened. 
 Senator will Face the Nation this AM to give us the latest on his campaign. Tune in 10:30ET!
 "If we can win in Iowa or New Hampshire, I really think it does open us up in a path to victory." -  Do yo…
What the polls are showing is the American people are responding to our message and we are on a path to victory. 
This morning I’ll be on NBC’s and CBS Tune in! 
 Vermont Senator will be on  tmrw to talk about the state of his campaign and take a look back at 2015.
Criminal justice reform must be the civil rights issue of the 21st century and the first piece has to be police reform.
Today, 29 million of our sisters and brothers are without health care. We can and must do better.
I'm running for president because it is harder than ever for students to pay for college and for working parents to afford daycare.
I will do everything that I can to make sure that the United States does not get involved in another quagmire like we did in Iraq.
I need you to help me get out the vote. Can I count you in? 
It's time to end religious bigotry and build a nation in which we all stand together and condemn the anti-Muslim rhetoric we're hearing.
Join me this Monday for a town hall in Las Vegas: 
We would not tolerate the head of Exxon Mobil running the Environmental Protection Agency. Why do we tolerate this? 
A single-payer system already exists in the United States. It's called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks.
 Coming up Sunday: Senator will Face the Nation. Check your listings:  
Every man, woman and child in our country should be able to access quality care regardless of their income.
In my view, some of the real heroines in our country today are single moms.
Our nation has always been a beacon of hope, a refuge for the oppressed.
We cannot turn our backs on that essential element of who we are as a nation. 
Merry Christmas! 
  "very disturbed" by planned US raids reports:  (AP) 
I'm running for president because the middle class is disappearing and more than half of new income is going to the top 1 percent.
The health insurance lobbyists and big pharmaceutical companies try to make "national health care" sound scary. It is not.
Too many lives have been destroyed because of police records. 
 visitó  y dejó un mensaje de esperanza a la comunidad latina. 
It is not their kids who are going into war. It is your kids. You’ll forgive me, this is an emotional issue for me.
We must take steps to protect children and families seeking refuge here, not cast them out.
We who are parents should ask ourselves what we would do if our children faced the danger and violence these children do?
Very disturbed by reports that the government may commence raids to deport families who've fled here to escape violence in Central America.
Statement on DHS Plans for Massive Raids: 
When they divide us up, they win. When we stand together as one people, we win.
We should not be firing teachers, we should be hiring teachers. School teachers and educators are real American heroes.
  on polls: "We have come a really long way."  
 "In blockbuster poll, Sanders destroys Trump by 13 points"  
Don't know how to break this to you, but Trump has discovered that women go to the bathroom. And it's upsetting him.
If Congress does not act, we will use the executive authority of the president to stop the dividing up of families.
You want to keep the minimum wage low, and give tax breaks to millionaires. that is not what makes America great.
Any official who helped suppress the videotape of Laquan McDonald’s murder should be held accountable. 
Thank you, Rep. Ford and Comm. Garcia for inviting me to Chicago today. Two agents for real change.
Reforming our criminal justice system is one of the most important things that a President can do.
  likened the political philosophy behind his populist campaign to that of Bobby Kennedy: 
Corporate America and Wall Street: you can hate me all you want, but we’re going to end your greed.
We need to end mandatory minimum sentencing and give judges the discretion to better tailor sentences to the specific facts of a given case.
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty. 
 WATCH LIVE: addresses Chicago voters:  
 "We all recall what happened to Sandra Bland," Bernie says. 
Spending some time tonight with and in Chicago. 
If you don’t have a lot of money and you have a high health insurance deductible, you’re not gonna go to the doctor.
 "To rein in Wall Street, we should begin by reforming the Federal Reserve." Bernie Sanders writes for 
 "No permitiremos que la discriminación y el racismo nos gobiernen", en la villita 
 Bernie Sanders arrives in Chicago's Little Village. 
I’m getting a very good feeling about Iowa. Must read:
We have to ask ourselves, “Is it morally acceptable, is it economically sustainable, that so few have so much while so many have so little?”
This election is not just about electing a President. Far more significantly, it is about transforming America.
  townhall in Red Oak, IA!   
 If I were elected, the foxes would no longer guard the henhouse - on the Fed  
We need to tell the drug companies to stop ripping off the American people.
  on how to reform the Fed, starting with kicking bankers off the board.  
To rein in Wall Street, we should begin by reforming the Federal Reserve.
There comes a time when you have to take on the establishment and not be part of that establishment. 
There is nothing that is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren.
 In Council Bluffs, Iowa, Bernie Sanders calls Donald Trump a "billionaire coward."
The debate is over. Climate change is real and caused by human activity. It's already causing devastating problems around the world.
It’s all hands on deck for a pre-holiday phone bank.  Help reach NH voters:  
We're going to move to public funding of elections so candidates don't have to beg the wealthy and powerful for money when they want to run.
You have a right to health care regardless of whether you are rich or poor.  
  launching TV ads in  today and visiting  and Reno next week.
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net. We can't let them.
 "In blockbuster poll, Sanders destroys Trump by 13 points"  
I am going to take on Wall Street. They do not like me today. They will like me even less if I am elected president.
Congress bailed out Wall St. because it was too big to fail. In my view, if a bank is too big to fail, it's too big to exist. Break 'em up.
 Carroll, Iowa is definitely feeling the Bern! Stop by the new field office at 820 W. 8th, Carroll  
We're gonna have some fun, we're gonna make a political revolution, we're gonna transform America. Other than that, not much. 
 IBEW Local 1837 endorses   
The second 100 days of the political revolution...
I believe that we need a political revolution. The same old, same old just isn't going to do it. We have to be bold. 
 "Our job is to bring people together, not to separate them," says of in Storm Lake, Iowa.
You are looking at one candidate for president who does not have a super PAC and I’m damn proud of that.
  picks up a New Hampshire/Maine labor union endorsement: 
Statement on grand jury decision in Sandra Bland case: 
Despite growing poverty among seniors, Republicans want more austerity for the elderly and more tax breaks for the rich.
 "Scapegoating minorities is not going to solve the problems facing our country."  
If we're going to stand up to the greed of the billionaire class and the greed of corporate America, I accept Wall Street not liking me.
 An overflow crowd for Bernie Sanders in Sioux City, Iowa. 
 '16 And President: A day on the trail with Democratic underdog  
We have a broken immigration system that divides families and keeps millions of hard-working people in the shadows.
"I guess Christmas Eve was booked.” - Michael Briggs, Comms. Director
 New episode of '16 And President is up: In which a NH woman tells "You have great, smiling eyes." 
The time is now for the United States to end capital punishment.
Voter ID laws aren't intended to discourage fraud, they are intended to discourage voting. And they’ve worked.
If we are to retain the fundamentals of American democracy, we need to overturn the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision.
If you missed our Iowa office this Saturday, you can go back and read it here:
 Dem candidate Bernie Sanders breaks fundraising record held by Obama: more than 2.3 million donors, each giving &lt;$25 
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face.
 TODAY: We speak w/ campaign live from Burlington, VT on the DNC and last week's data breach. Stream @ 
 "If we can win in Iowa and NH... we’re on our way to one of the great political upsets in the history of America." --
 Ahead: Democratic presidential candidate joins us
Let’s be clear: in terms of protecting the needs of our families the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth.
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it.
This campaign is about the needs of the American people, and the proposals that effectively address those needs. 
I support 12 weeks of paid leave for every worker. Say you support paid leave for mothers ; fathers too. 
We now have the highest incarceration rate in the entire world with over 2 million in prison and millions more on probation or parole.
 Bernie Sanders passes Obama fundraising mark  | AP Photo 
Post-debate breakfast from this morning at IHOP in Bedford, New Hampshire.  
"Get in on the love train. That’s what Bernie Sanders’ campaign is.” - 
"Bernie Sanders Scores Big Win; Breaks Major Fundraising Record"
Corporate greed is rampant, and the very rich keep growing richer while everyone else grows poorer.
This campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate.
The United States once led the world in terms of the percentage of our young people who had college degrees. Today we’re now in 12th place.
 Fresh off last night’s  joins me to discuss the debate ; this week’s campaign data breach. 
 After the  George goes one-on-one with this morning on 
 Bernie Sanders is correct. US spends 3 times what UK spends on health care  
 To point, more unarmed blacks were killed by police this year than any other race despite being 12% of populati…
 Largest follower growth (all cands) in  …
I got into politics not to figure out how to become President. I got into politics because I give a damn.  
Addiction is a disease, not a criminal activity.  
 “Addiction is a disease and not a criminal activity.” Write it down, tear it out of your notebook, staple it to the wall. …
Addiction is ravaging families and communities in NH. This is a crisis, and we need to treat it as a health issue—not throw people in jail.
I know you have heard these names before but they bear repeating so we do not lose sight of the real human price being paid. 
Michael Brown, Eric Garner, Jessica Hernandez, Freddie Gray, Sandra Bland, Tamir Rice, Samuel Dubose, Rekia Boyd and too many more.
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act. 
We need to rethink the "War on Drugs" and treat substance abuse as a serious health issue, not a criminal issue. 
'Socialist' programs from FDR and LBJ:✅Social Security✅Minimum Wage✅Medicare and Medicaid✅40-hour work week
When a husband can’t get time off to care for his cancer-stricken wife, that is not a family value. 
Q: 'Will corporate America love a President Sanders?'A: 'No, I think they won't.' 
  has taken 59 pro-women’s health votes during his time in Congress.   
Q: 'Will corporate American love a President Sanders?'A: No, I think they wont.'
Medicare for All would eliminate payments to insurance companies that put profits before people. 
Bernie’s college plan is the only plan that affords lower-income kids the same opportunity for a quality education. 
Q: 'Do you think corporate America will like a President Sanders?' A: ‘No I think they won’t.’
CEO's of large multinationals may like but they ain't gonna like me. 
We need debt-free college and free tuition is the best way to get there. 
I don’t think it’s a radical idea that in the richest country in the history of the world health care should be a right, not a privilege.
Bernie helped lead the effort against who thought it would be a great idea to deregulate Wall Street. 
"The greed of the billionaire class, the greed of Wall Street is destroying this economy.”
We do not have a super PAC. We do not want the money of corporate America. This is a people’s campaign. 
You can’t take on Wall Street banks and billionaires by taking their money. 
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs. Invest in infrastructure, not more war. 
Equal pay for equal work. It’s not a radical idea. 
I am running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and economics. 
"I worry that is too much into regime change and too aggressive without knowing what the unintended consequences might be."
Bernie supports a defense budget that secures our national security interests not the profits of defense contractors. 
"I listened to what Bush and Cheney had to say about Iraq. I listened carefully, and I didn't believe them so I voted against the war."
Qatar will spend $200 billion on the 2022 World Cup – $200 billion a soccer event, yet very little to fight against ISIS. 
"I voted against the war in Iraq. That was the right vote. We must be vigorous in combatting terrorism, but we can’t do it alone."
We will not turn our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan. 
“Trump thinks lower wages are a good idea. I believe we must stand together. We can not be divided by race or religion.” 
Bernie Sanders' gun record (1994) 
It's time to strengthen gun safety laws:✅Universal background checks✅Assault weapon ban✅Stricter gun trafficking laws
  the only candidate to mention climate change during the opening of  vowing to "take on the fossil…
 Bernie had the same passion when we met with him. And I respect seeing the consistency on the stage tonight. 
There’s only one candidate on stage who voted against (and led the opposition to) the Iraq War. 
  visited a mosque this week because he knows the danger of hatred ; division:  
✅America’s 20 wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined.
Let’s talk about data that matters to working families:✅47 million are living in poverty✅51% of African-American youth are unemployed
I am running for president because it is too late for establishment politics and economics. 
If we all chip in, there's nothing we can't do! Make a donation to our   
Change never takes place from the top down. It always takes place from the bottom up. Join us.  
Most new wealth flows to the top 1 percent. It's a system held in place by corrupt politics. 
 do the  right ; follow the press team: 
Make sure to add Bernie.sanders on for updates throughout the  
Over two million contributions have been made to the only campaign that rejects a corrupt campaign finance system.
This campaign isn't just about electing Bernie Sanders. It's about the needs of the American people ; the ideas to address those needs.
Wish Bernie good luck before he takes the stage tonight in New Hampshire! 
  Team Iowa starts at 1pm CT/2pm ET with 
We can deliver change, but we can’t do it by tinkering with the system at the margins. We need a political revolution.
It's time to restore sanity to our financial system. 
It's time to get big money out of politics so everyday Americans have a fighting chance with real representation. 
No one who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty. Add your name if you agree. 
Senator is kicking off a day of canvassing in Manchester, New Hampshire.  
  in Sioux City!!!   
I've said it since day one: I can't do it alone. Join the conversation:  
You are the power behind this campaign and we are doing something unprecedented. Sign our petition to the DNC:
“The leadership of the DNC is now actively attempting to undermine our campaign.” - Jeff Weaver, Campaign Manager
Tell the DNC to re-instate access to our data now. Democracy is counting on it.  
Sign our petition telling the DNC that you expect a level playing field in this primary campaign. This is important.
Some people say my economic ideas are radical. You should hear what the Pope is saying.
The U.S. Postal Service is one of our most popular and important government agencies. Let’s protect the Postal Service, not dismantle it.
Meanwhile, as tens of millions of Americans struggle to survive economically, the wealthiest people are doing phenomenally well.
 Support Bernie Sanders, awaken the force! You're our only hope Obi Wan"
Clearly, if we are going to save the middle class and protect our planet, we need to change the political dynamics of the nation.
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much, while so many have so little.
  starts thanking  team and for joining the political revolution 
I'm on the phone now with Click here to listen in ;   
We can live in a country where all of our qualified young people, regardless of income, can go to college. 
 WATCH: calls out Donald Trump's "xenophobic" comments during mosque visit  
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place. Join us: 
Join and I tonight for a tele-town hall at 7 pm CT/8 PM ET. RSVP to listen in ;  
This country faces more serious problems today than at any time in modern history, and establishment politics will not resolve them.
 Wow--for 1st time ever, endorses a pres. candidate--and it's that guy who had 88% support 
This campaign is making a little bit of history. I hope very much that you will become part of our team.
Democracy Daily is an online space where people can come to learn more about the issues behind our movement.
 BREAKING: wins Democracy for America's  endorsement!  results: 
I’m proud to have Democracy for America and its one-million members join our people powered campaign.
For decades, has been fighting for the rights of working families and I’m so proud today to be with you in that fight.
Brothers and sisters, let me thank the 700,000 members of the Communications Workers of America for their support.
I stand with United flight attendants as 24,000 demonstrate at every airport for a fair contract. 
 Sanders scores key union endorsement:  
 Bernie Sanders arrives at the HQ of the Communications Workers of America in DC to pick up an endorsement. 
 We asked ; CWAers answered. is the best choice for working families.  
Since the Wall Street crash of 2008, more than 58% of all new income has gone to the top 1%. America needs a political revolution.
 Watch interview in an Atlanta barbershop  
Over two million contributions have been made to the only campaign that rejects a corrupt campaign finance system.
We must end the scandal in which millions of American employees work 50 or 60 hours a week and earn no overtime.
 Bernie Sanders has now received 2 million campaign contributions, aides say 
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral, it is economically unsustainable.
Sheldon Adelson is spending unbelievable sums of money, not just on elections, but for control of our media too. 
We are counting on each and every one of you to pass this historic deadline of 2 million contributions tonight.
My Iowa staff is doing a on Saturday! Stay tuned for details.
The Fed should act with the same sense of urgency to rebuild the disappearing middle class as it did to bail out Wall Street banks.
 "Do we come together or do we allow demagogues to divide us up?" at DC mosque  
Thank you to all of the volunteers who filed today to get me on the ballot in Ohio.  
 Bernie's Iowa campaign is looking for dedicated, energetic part-time staff to help us win the IA caucus. Apply: 
I am calling on all of us in public life, including my fellow candidates for president, and all Americans to condemn anti-Muslim hatred.
  just called on all presidential candidates and all those in public life to condemn anti-Muslim rhetoric. 
If we stand for anything, we have got to stand together to end all forms of racism.
 Watch live - interfaith roundtable at mosque in DC  
  sits down for interfaith round table at mosque in DC with 
 JUST IN: Sanders blasts Fed's interest rate hike as "bad news for working families"  
When millions are working longer hours for lower wages, the Fed's decision to raise interest rates is bad news for working families.
I voted against the war in Iraq, and that was the right vote. We must be vigorous in combatting terrorism, but we can’t do it alone.
  My nightmare when I listen to Republicans is they have not learned the lesson from Iraq 
Tune in right now on MSNBC's for a discussion on the issues facing our nation.
If you're doing everything right but find it harder and harder to get by, you're not alone.
Children should not go hungry in this country while profitable corporations and the wealthy avoid their tax responsibilities.
It is long overdue to pass expanded background checks to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and the dangerously mentally ill.
Let us not forget: This country belongs to all of us, not just a handful of billionaires.
Fifth  is over. Like the first, not one word about income inequality, climate change, or racial justice. The Rs are out of touch.
 after the  need to go watch ; talk about racial justice and our rigged economy 
 Unlike literally every person on this stage, wants to finally put 
Still waiting, waiting, waiting.   
Hit mute on the  and check out our plan to fix a broken immigration system: 
Let’s stop the racism. Let’s stop the xenophobia. Let's stop Trump: 
What’s reckless is turning our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan. 
If we all chip in, there's no limit to what we can accomplish together. Help us get to 2 million contributions: 
We're going to shock the political elite and billionaire class with 2 million contributions. Can I count on you? 
Text BERNIE to 82623 to get our text updates!   
We're going to shock the political elite and billionaire class with 2 million contributions. Can I count on you?
We're going to shock the political elite ; billionaire class with 2 million contributions. Can I count on you? 
Our goal that will shock the political elite and billionaire class: 2 million contributions. Can I count on you? 
 shorter  republicans didn’t learn a single thing from the war in iraq.
A lot of talk about war. No talk about the 500,000 men and women who came home with PTSD, and traumatic brain injury. 
We will not destroy ISIS by undermining our civil liberties and religious freedoms. 
Repeat after me: We must combat anti-Muslim bigotry and all forms of discrimination in our country and in our world. 
Trump’s language is dangerous. Stand with Bernie against Trump's racism and xenophobia:  
The American people are not laughing anymore. Stand against Trump's racism and xenophobia:  
Tell Donald Trump that the American people are not laughing anymore. Stand against his racism and xenophobia: 
Let's  by proposing serious ways to keep Americans safe. Add your name if you agree: 
Pharma Bro's Latest Move Targets Latinos. Must Read:
Greed is destroying our economy. What we need to do is create an economy that works for all of us.
 Frontiers of bracketing: shows up in the Debate story to troll the Republicans 
Not only will I oppose cuts Social Security benefits, I will fight to expand Social Security benefits. 
Millions of seniors including many in New Hampshire are struggling just to keep their heads above water. 
It is absurd that the top one-tenth of one percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
  se compromete a proteger  y  y a expandirlos 
  "hands the mike" to "I was  I'm working on a presidential election. We have power…
  "The US has an international responsibility to children ; families seeking  and  status." 
It is unconscionable that a majority of all new income goes to the top 1%.
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that no American goes hungry or sleeps on the street.
It is absurd that one family (the Waltons of has more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans.
We need a political revolution that takes back our democracy from establishment politicians and the billionaire class.
Join me for a  tele-town hall with this Thursday. RSVP here: 
 Watch Killer Mike's six-part interview with Bernie Sanders, on everything from pot to poverty to guns 
When people get out of jail, it is not easy for them to find a job. It is not easy to return to civil society. Lives are being destroyed.
My plan:✅Make Wall St pay their share✅Living wages for working people✅Equal pay for women
CUNY should continue to represent the possibility that a college education could be accessible to all. 
"This poll shows there is a very clear path to victory in Iowa." - Jeff Weaver, Campaign Manager
Most new wealth flows to the top 1 percent. It's a system held in place by corrupt politics.
 “I got into politics because I give a damn.” Watch previews for 6-part interview with 
We must demilitarize our police forces so they don’t look and act like invading armies.
 We updated our platform last week after touring Baltimore. Read the new version here: 
  speaks at the Lawrence Barn Community Center in Hollis    
Today, no piece of legislation gets onto the floor of the US Senate unless it was bought and paid for. 
We need a societal transformation to make it clear that black lives matter and racism will not be accepted in a civilized country.
I’m not just here to ask for your vote. I'm also asking for your help the day after the election.  
In my view, we need to invest in jobs and education, not jails and incarceration.
 Preview chat with about drugs, health care, the economy, more  
What's radical about saying we want all our kids regardless of income to get free college?  
We need to stop using prisons as a response to poverty.
Change never takes place from the top down. It always takes place from the bottom up.  
It's grossly unfair that young people who worked hard can't afford to go to college.  
There is no rational reason why women should be earning 78 cents on the dollar compared to men who perform the same work.
 2016 News: covers Sen. townhall at    
 builds grassroots power by organizing communities for an America that works for all. Honored to receive their endorsement.
 Despite heavy rainfall on Sunday, our hardy volunteers knocked on 21k doors - go team!   
 The ideals that stands for are our ideals.   
The current federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour is totally inadequate. We need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage.
 among likely dem caucusgoers in dmr/bloomberg poll: who will fight hardest for the middle class? sanders 56clinton 36o…
  endorses for president.  
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net. We can't let them.
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties. This is not democracy.
Today, over 88% of African-American workers don’t have paid family and medical leave. My plan guarantees 12 weeks of paid leave for all.
Veterans put their lives on the line to defend their country. We have a moral responsibility to help them get the best healthcare.
 In Mount Vernon, Bernie Sanders pledges that if he's elected president, veterans will receive the care they need. 
 Another field office packed to the brim with excited volunteers working hard for Bernie... 
Providing a path for kids to go to the University of Iowa is a hell of a lot cheaper than providing them a path to go to jail. 
A future we can believe in… 
When we began very few people knew who I was or what I stood for. We have come a long way in seven months. 
Iowa, today we did something not too radical: we practiced something called "democracy."  
Iowa, together we will win the White House by creating an unprecedented grassroots movement.   
  says in campaign in Iowa he's talked to 27,000 Iowans at events in the state  
 Crowd erupts when says women should be able to control their bodies - not GOP 
We must make sure that every veteran in the U.S. gets the quality health care and benefits they deserve.  
Billionaires already own much of our economy. Now, they want to own the United States government as well.  
If men were giving birth to babies, there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose.
 The most prominent Muslim elected official in America sees a ‘message of hope’ in Trump’s ‘weakness’ 
 Bernie Sanders addresses volunteers at a Waterloo, Iowa, campaign office. 
This campaign is sending a message to the billionaire class: you can’t have it all! 
We live in a rigged economy. Heads they win, tails you lose. It’s time for real change in America.
Thank you to the volunteers who braved the rain to knock on doors and talk to voters in Austin.  
Women came together across NH to talk to voters about pay equity and many important issues.  
We are far from eradicating racism in this country. 
I was in Anamosa, Iowa today. Check out how an event gets set up!
The middle class is shrinking while at the same time the people on top are doing phenomenally well. Time for real change.
America’s Middle Class Is No Longer the Majority. Must read: 
 Sanders releases climate plan, calling for an end to fossil fuels  
 Full house for at Clinton Middle School in Clinton, Iowa.  
Equal pay for equal work. It’s not a radical idea.
 A huge thanks to for supporting Sen ¡Gracias carnal!   ht…
 He's been fighting for you for 40 years.  
  event on racial justice ; prison reform opens w/ OH state Sen. Nina Turner powerful intro, talks IA 
If you’re interested in more than just electing a president, we need your help.  
 Sanders gives opening remarks at racial justice forum.  
Tell the corporate media to start covering our campaign:  
We must work to unite families, not tear them apart.
Steve King's attack on is the kind of bigotry we must reject. Keith’s life of service represents the best of American values.
In the year 2015, we should look at a college degree the same way we looked at a high school degree 50 or 60 years ago.
 El comendiante hispano manifiesta su apoyo a la candidatura presidencial de  
The reason why the American people are angry is that the government is not addressing the real problems that are impacting them every day.
ABC News spent 81 minutes on Donald Trump and only 20 seconds on our campaign. You read that right. Seconds.
 Actor, Comedian Endorses BernieSanders  via
 Looking forward to it too. Looks Forward to Beating Donald Trump: 
I got into politics not to figure out how to become President. I got into politics because I give a damn.
 ABC World News Tonight has devoted 81 minutes to Trump and only minute to Bernie Sanders:  
The photos from The Citadel are repugnant. Period. No excuses. The Confederate flag on campus must come down.  
Equal pay for equal work. It’s not a radical idea. 
I promise at the end of my first term we won't have more people in jail than in any other country.
 WATCHA I Am  Today I'm proud to officially endorse for President. Go to 
Bernie is a well-known friend of family farms who cannot be bought out by big money. Watch our new TV ad 'Rock.'
It’s time for a single-payer health care system in America.  
Bernie's record in Burlington City Hall and Congress is featured in our new television ad, 'Effective.' Watch now.
Bernie is a well-known friend of family farms who cannot be bought out by big money. Watch our new TV ad 'Rock'. 
Bernie is a well-known friend of family farms” who “cannot be bought out by big money. Watch our new TV ad 'Rock'. 
Turn off the TV and get involved in the political process. Please go to  and become part of the political revolution.
 For the  have changed over 40 years but the message and intensity have not.  ht…
I don’t think it’s a radical idea that in the richest country in the history of the world health care should be a right, not a privilege.
 Bernie Sanders’ New Hampshire favorability is ‘almost unheard of’ in new poll.  
The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman, her family and physician to make, not the government.
Watch our new TV AD: "Effective"
Watch our new TV AD: "Rock"
 Bun B becomes the latest rapper to endorse Bernie Sanders for president 
I want kids whose parents don't— like my parents didn’t — have a lot of money to in fact be able to get a college education tuition free.
 Harvard millennial poll:Dems:Bernie 41Hillary 35Republicans:Trump 22Carson 20rest of Rs in single digits
 Freedom from fear Freedom of speech Freedom of worship Freedom from want   
We can take one simple, basic step right now: keep fossil fuels in the ground. Sign here:  
Check out the latest cover of Look inside for a great interview. 
  sent an army to my office today. was happy to get him on the ballot in Arizona. 
We need, very clearly, major, major reform in a broken criminal justice system. From top to bottom.
  readers had questions for Bernie Sanders. Here's the one he answered:  
When we talk about war, we must talk about the 500,000 men and women who came home with PTSD, and traumatic brain injury.
I believe that we have got to move the minimum wage to a living wage of 15 bucks an hour. And I apologize to nobody for that.
Watch explain why she supports our campaign.
We bailed out Wall Street. It's their time to bail out the middle class and help our kids be able to go to college tuition-free.
  has a 10-point lead over Clinton in New Hampshire, a new CNN/WMUR poll finds  
It is not a radical idea to say that a single mom should be earning enough money to take care of her kids.
In the last 30 years, there has been a massive redistribution of wealth. The problem is this redistribution has gone in the wrong direction.
The fact of the matter is that Social Security hasn’t contributed a single nickel to the deficit.  Not a nickel.
  tragically makes invisible a large segment of the American people, including communities of color ; ppl under 18 
 New Hampshire WMUR poll: has lead with 50%, 40%  
Here's my promise: Wall Street representatives will not be in my cabinet.
Organizers from around Iowa are prepared for the final sprint to  day. Join them:  
Billionaires pay an effective tax rate lower than nurses or truck drivers. That makes no sense at all. We need real tax reform.
Organizing community college students at River Valley Community College in Claremont, New Hampshire.  
This campaign is relying on small campaign donors, 800,000 of them, 30 bucks a piece. That's who I'm indebted to. Not Wall Street.
 Thank you for allowing me to share my story with millions of Americans. And thank you for a solid racia…
I am not asking Wall Street or the billionaires for money. I will break up these big banks.
 Exclusive: endorses for President.  
It’s fun for the media to treat Trump like a character in a soap opera, but the truth is his language is dangerous. 
We are running a campaign differently than any other candidate. This is a people’s campaign. Together, we will win. 
Let’s say it loud and clear: Our government belongs to all of us, and not just a hand full of billionaires. 
This campaign is about a political revolution — millions of people standing up and saying, enough is enough. 
I’ll be on coming up in a few minutes. Tune in on 
We have got to stand together with those who are being attacked and are scared today.
We say NO to cuts in Social Security, a program which is so important to all of our seniors, but especially to women.
Not only are we not going to retreat on women's rights, we are going to expand them. We are going forward, not backwards.
Tonight at 9 PM ET: Tune in to The Rachel Show for a discussion on the issues facing our nation.
If you can’t afford to take care of our veterans, then don’t go to war.
 toured the Baltimore neighborhood Tuesday that was rocked by unrest this year  
Congratulations to workers who voted to join a union and fight for fair wages and benefits. Big victory!
I’ll be on Tune in at 11:35 EST. 
 10 reasons I support Bernie Sanders for President of the United States. 
Instead of cutting Medicare, or privatizing Medicare, we must join every major nation on earth in recognizing that health care is a right.
It’s time for the U.S. to join every major industrialized country on earth and provide universal health care to all. 
Social Security has a $2.8 trillion surplus. It can pay every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 19 years. 
In New Hampshire, more than 12K seniors are living in poverty. That’s why I’m fighting not just to preserve, but to expand Social Security.
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut. They are dead wrong.  with
It’s time for the U.S. to join every major industrialized country on earth and provide universal healthcare to all. 
If men were giving birth to babies, there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose.  
 TONIGHT: Presidential candidate Senator ; makes his TV debut!  
Do you agree that potential terrorists on the federal watch list should not be able to buy guns in the US? Sign now. 
Sadly, in America today, it is very expensive to be poor.
We are weak when we allow racism and xenophobia to divide us. Add your name to stand against hate.  
Add your name if you agree that terrorists on the federal watch list should not be allowed to buy guns in the US. 
We are weak when we allow racism and xenophobia to divide us. Add your name to stand against hate:  
Report shows that the 100 wealthiest Americans own more wealth than the entire African-American population combined:
 We endorse for     
 The Working Families Party endorsed over  
 Did you know drug prices are killing Americans?Bernie's editorial    
  stop outside Freddie Gray mural at the site of Gray arrest 
 Walking through Baltimore, Sanders says he'll focus spending education and housing, not incarceration, as president. 
 Senator Bernie Sanders joins Rachel Maddow on tomorrow night's show, 9pm ET. 
We are not going back to the days when women did not have full access to birth control.
  escucha historias de inmigrantes en evento de campaña   
Medicare needs to negotiate drug prices with the pharma industry. The Veteran’s Administration does it, Medicare doesn’t - that’s crazy.
 In his new climate plan, has issued a powerful call for   
 Next on explains why it's time to look at climate change as a war.
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world, not one of the lowest.
Join Higher Ed for Bernie in supporting College for All! Click here to sign up: 
Now, and others want us to hate all Muslims.
Demagogues throughout our history have attempted to divide us based on race, gender, sexual orientation or country of origin.
The U.S. is a strong nation when we stand together. We are weak when we allow racism and xenophobia to divide us. cc:
This merger will likely lead to even higher drug prices. Pfizer already has a poor record on that score.
  has just released his campaign plan to create millions of jobs..." Read more:  
  talks with a Bangladeshi refugee at immigration livestream event 
Tune in LIVE now for a Families First Conversation. Ask your questions with 
Their story, my story, our story is a story of America. Watch a Families First conversation with Bernie LIVE now: 
The postal service can play an important role in providing modest types of banking to folks who need it.
In an hour, I’ll be hosting a live stream conversation discussing my “Families First” immigration plan. Tune in:
I'll shut the revolving door and ban fossil fuel lobbyists from working in the White House.  
  = does better than vs GOP POTUS candidates in NH    
 Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton both lead full GOP field in NH, but Sanders does average 4 points better: 
 Bernie Sanders wins readers’ poll for TIME Person of the Year 
  ; hosting a sit down w/  a  child, ;  families. Sign up → 
 about climate change before anyone else did. Now, they’re lying about it for profit. Enough—we must put 
Climate change is an economic issue, health concern, and security threat all at once. 
 Bernie Sanders' plan to tackle global warming, explained  
The wealthiest industry in the history of our planet has bribed politicians into ignoring science. Enough is enough! 
 That guy is at it again, insisting on saving the planet. Pretty damned good plan 
 Bernie Sanders unveils his climate change plan, and he's going after Big Oil  
While fossil fuel companies are raking in record profits, climate change ravages our planet and our people. 
Republicans are more concerned with protecting the profits of Exxon and the coal industry than protecting the planet. 
It’s time for a political revolution that finally puts people before polluters. 
 Pfizer-Allergan merger would be disaster for American consumers, must be stopped, says 
We must learn the lesson of Iraq. American troops should not be engaged in perpetual warfare in the Middle East.
Happy Hanukkah!
No one who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty. Add your name if you agree. 
I've got a message for corporate America: if you want us to buy your products, start producing them here in the USA.
Support getting big money out of politics and restoring democracy to this great country. 
Real family values strengthen the bonds of family and improve the lives of our families.  
 is a real alternative to big banks and predatory lenders. Join me to make it a reality. Sign now: 
In NH, Bob, a veteran, talks with another veteran about joining our movement.  
We are one world and one people. And that belief leads me to the conclusion that we just cannot turn our back on human suffering.
  says he's "frightened" about the consequences of climate change.  
Most Americans can pay lower taxes if hedge fund managers who make billions manipulating the market finally pay the taxes they should.
Why do we have people working 40 hours and can’t afford to feed their kids? The answer is pretty simple: wages in America are too damn low.
 you have offended thousands of our service members who risk their lives to defend our country. 
I’ll be on shortly to discuss the major issues facing America. Tune in now on CBS. 
 Bernie Sanders to visit Baltimore youth center named for Freddie Gray - The Washington Post 
Today in America, as the middle class continues to disappear, median family income is $4,100 less than it was in 1999.
 This AM on  will talk about the San Bernardino shooting and the state of his campaign.
If men were giving birth to babies, there would not be a lot of discussion regarding the right to choose.
 Bernie Sanders to visit the Freddie Gray Empowerment Center in Baltimore on Tuesday, campaign says.
What a fun way to get involved! Ben and Jerry tell us you can join the light brigade here: 
 Tmrw AM on  we’ll ask about the state of the 2016 race Democratic + get his reaction to the San Berna…
It's time for instant background checks, ending the gun show loophole, and banning assault weapons. People don't hunt with assault weapons.
LIVE on  Tune in to our town hall in Plymouth, New Hampshire LIVE NOW 
We will defend Planned Parenthood.  
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on the backs of working-class Americans on student debt. 
 Standing room only at Plymouth State University for   
The great challenge we face is creating an economy that works for all us and not just the billionaire class.  
America’s 20 wealthiest people now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined.
  speaks at   
LIVE on  Tune in to our town hall in Plymouth, New Hampshire LIVE NOW 
  makes last minute stop at Plymouth, NH tree lighting 
While fossil fuel companies are raking in record profits, climate change ravages our planet and our people. 
We're excited to have launched our new Follow us on the campaign trail: bernie.sanders 
We do not need a “tough" foreign policy, we need a smart foreign policy.  
In these difficult times, against vitriolic Republican rhetoric, we must protect a woman's right to choose.  
Maybe, just maybe, we should be investing in jobs and education rather than jails and incarceration!  
Packed house at Keene State University. Tune in LIVE here:   
LIVE on  Tune in to our town hall in Keene, New Hampshire LIVE NOW:  
Defunding Planned Parenthood is part of a smear campaign by people who want to deny women the right to control their bodies. 
I  and the work they are doing and hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences. 
 Our new issue w is on stands!  + clean energy w/   
Members of congress, mostly men I should add, are trying to roll back the clock on women’s reproductive rights.
 20 billionaires now have more wealth than half U.S. population 
We currently have a loophole which enables guns to be sold to people at gun shows without a background check. That has gotta be eliminated.
 Únete a Latinos por Bernie en Iowa:    
There is something profoundly wrong when one out of seven people throughout the world are struggling to survive on less than $1.25 a day.
The goal is to not spend $80 billion a year locking up our people. The goal is to get corporations out of the business of running jails.
Any elected official with knowledge that the tape of Laquan McDonald’s murder was being suppressed or improperly withheld should resign.
  on  shooting. Officials must resign if coverup. Goes further than 
 Business as usual cannot continue. One person displaced by climate-related weather every second.  
We must substantially increase investments in international aid to Sub-Saharan Africa and other poor regions throughout the world.
 will join us this Sunday to talk about the California shooting ; the 2016 race. Don't miss it! 
If you believe climate change is the most serious threat facing our planet, it’s easy to oppose the N.E.D. pipeline.
 Team  stopped by the office to deliver over 5,000 to get on the Texas Primary ballot. 
The current federal minimum wage is a starvation wage. Citizen co-sponsor the Pay Workers a Living Wage Act today.
 LIVE on   with NHPR Exchange 
 THANK YOU,  Sen. for taking a stand for    
We need YOUR help to win in Iowa. Sign up to join us in person or to make phone calls: 
Today, compared to other developed countries, we rank near the bottom in the fight to end extreme poverty.  I think we should be at the top.
 Today met who are in negotiations with for   
There is something profoundly wrong when 750 million people throughout the world lack access to clean drinking water.
When you’re sick, you should be able to access health care. When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy.
Is it profoundly wrong that the richest 80 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom half of the population – 3.5 billion people.
  apoya huelga de hambre de cientos de inmigrantes en centros de detención:  
 Poll: Sanders more electable than Hillary against top Republicans  
No one, in my view, should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars.
 Bernie ; I talk about some good stuff in Grab a copy if you'd like:  
We should lift the cap on taxable income for Social Security for those making more than $250,000 a year. Must read: 
 It looks like the people really do   
“Overcoming poverty is not a task of charity, it is an act of justice... It is man-made and it can be overcome ...” - Nelson Mandela
Congress must pass sensible legislation that prevents guns from being used by people who should not have them.
 These aspiring Americans should not be criminalized, subjected to dehumanizing confinement or indefinitely detained.
Mass shootings are becoming an almost-everyday occurrence in this country. This sickening and senseless gun violence must stop.
Until we win single payer, we need to show solidarity for allies like Jane fighting cancer:  
Make no mistake: The right-wing in this country is waging a war against women. We must ensure that this is a war they are going to lose.
 There's no empirical evidence that is unelectable:  
 Bernie Sanders’s ‘College for All’ Plan Is Fair, Smart and Achievable via 
 Award-winning musician teams up with filmmaker for  anthem; WATCH:   
 for years has been fighting for an economy that works for all of us, not just the top 1 percent.
 Sanders beats all top Republican candidates in latest poll 
One in four black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is an unspeakable tragedy.
We must invest in our public institutions! We stand with in their fight for a fair contract.  
  Opens 5 New  Offices, Including Near  
Families are struggling to put bread on the table, send their kids to college and take care of their basic needs.
We must take on the drug companies that have been ripping off people like Abby. 
It’s unacceptable that millions of seniors and disabled veterans will not be receiving a cost-of-living adjustment. 
Our campaign finance system is corrupt as a result of the disastrous Citizens United decision.
The Montgomery Bus Boycott led to the marches, sit-ins and protests which brought our nation closer to fulfilling the promise of equality.
 Bernie Sanders Gets  Policy Right  
 A Different Kind of Campaign Plea: Can We Crash on Your Couch?    
 We need your help to win in Iowa! Sign up to join in person or make calls:   
If we're ser­i­ous about cli­mate change, we can’t just talk the talk, we've got to walk the walk and take on power­ful special interests.
The amazing staff can't be intimidated and won't stop serving New Hampshire.  
I want to invest in jobs and education for our young people rather than jails and incarceration.
Democracy means one person one vote. It does not mean that the Koch brothers and other billionaires should be able to buy elections.
Rosa Parks, by the simple act of sitting down at the front of the bus, inspired a whole community to capture the imagination of the nation.
It's absurd that massive corporations can legally intimidate journalists who dare question them. 
In the world's richest nation, we must do everything possible to get people the medicine they need at a price they can afford. 
We have a moral responsibility to combat climate change and leave our children a healthy and habitable planet.
 Don't miss our in-depth convo w/ Democratic presidential candidate - 2nite on 
Loudly and clearly, we must tell the Republicans: No, we will not cut Social Security benefits for seniors and disabled veterans.
I am running for president because 11 million undocumented people cannot continue living in the shadows.
We need to rethink the so-called "War on Drugs" and take marijuana out of the federal Controlled Substance Act.
From criminal justice reform in South Carolina to lunch at Busy Bee Cafe in Atlanta, we had a good week:  
 ICYMI – remarks at Jefferson-Jackson Dinner.    
Congress does not regulate Wall Street, Wall Street regulates Congress. Must read: 
We bailed out Wall Street because the banks were "too big to fail.” Guess what? 3 out of the 4 banks are bigger today than they were then.
I don’t take corporate PAC money, and if, by some accident, some company sent us money, we would send it back—absolutely.
Bernie 2016 is a campaign for real change. New Hampshire, join the political revolution:   
Republicans win when the voter turnout is low. Democrats win when voter turnout is high. 
Countries in the region of enormous wealth and resources have contributed far too little in the fight against ISIS. That must change.
 "We must protect a woman's right to choose ; defend Planned Parenthood."   
 Breaking: announces opposition to NED pipeline proposal. 
I believe the Northeast Energy Direct pipeline that would carry fracked natural gas through 17 New Hampshire communities should be opposed.
I am running for president because we must protect a woman’s right to choose and we must defend Planned Parenthood. 
We need to rethink the "War on Drugs" and treat substance abuse as a serious health issue, not a criminal issue. 
I am running for president because we need an economy that works for working families, not just for millionaires and billionaires. 
With your help, we are poised to pull off one of the great political upsets in the history of our country.  
There is profound disgust with a campaign finance system that allows the very wealthy to buy elections through their super PACs. 
From coast to coast people are crying out for real change. They don't want the same-old, same-old. They want a political revolution.
Tune in to the New Hampshire  LIVE NOW:  
 My daughter feeling the bern for before the  dinner in Manchester, NH 
 Ready for   this crew shows Manchester, New Hampshire how to  
Now, there's a lot of us — but we need to come together, get organized, and win.  
Let's get big money out of politics. 
 Hi, Manchester. "Pin the glasses on the Bernie"   
Today, virtually no piece of legislation can get passed unless it has the ok from corporate America.
The Republican party is now an extreme right-wing party that is owned by their billionaire campaign contributors.
Tonight I'll be speaking at the New Hampshire Democratic Party JJ Dinner. Our supporters got here early!  
As a result of the most absurd situation I have ever seen, we pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.
I don't represent large corporations and I don't want their money.
We shouldn't be talking about repealing Obamacare. We should be expanding on the progress made to provide health care for all Americans.
Remember: this is OUR movement. New Hampshire, join the revolution here:   
Tenemos la obligación de promulgar políticas que unan a las familias, y no que las separen. Lee mi plan:
Today, we have millions of people who have $5,000 deductibles. That means that people hesitate to go to the doctor when they should go.
 As a mayor, Bernie Sanders joined hands with Republicans to get things done  
It's time for the Walton family to pay their workers a living wage and get off of government welfare.
 Bernie sale! Use code BERNIE15 and get 15% off.  
 Volunteers for work the crowds at Saturday's Market in Middletown  
I strongly support Planned Parenthood and the work it's doing. I hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences.
Watch introduction in Atlanta last week... 
When you're sick, you shouldn't have to worry about finding the money to go to a doctor. 
Ours is the only health care plan that would provide care for all Americans regardless of income. We can't leave 29 million uninsured.
We proudly  of Colorado Springs and the brave law enforcement personnel who fought to protect it.
Our bill to rebuild our crumbling roads, bridges and infrastructure would support 13 million jobs and drastically reduce underemployment.
Working families shouldn't be providing welfare to the Waltons, the wealthiest family in America worth over $136 billion. 
With a net worth of more than $136 billion, the six heirs own more wealth than the bottom 42% of Americans. 
  promete evitar que 9 millones de indocumentados sean deportados   cc
Corporations are not people. 
 Mr Popularity! A new poll shows is the most liked senator among constituents  
 shouldn’t be allowed to pay workers wages so low that many qualify for Medicaid, food stamps, and government housing. 
People can have differences of opinion, but to go out of your way to make it harder for people to vote, that is the lowest of the low.
  ofrecería a  una residencia permanente y eventualmente un camino a la ciudadanía 
It's immoral and unjust to leave tens of millions of Americans without health care. Any health care plan must address that issue.
 Bernie Sanders's immigration plan is wise ; humane. There's nothing Republican about it.  
What you're seeing are drug companies raising prices for one reason: because they can. Trust me, that won't happen under my administration.
Too often our Native American brothers and sisters have seen corporate profits put ahead of their sovereign rights. 
We have an obligation to enact policies that unite families, not tear them apart.
As we gather with our loved ones to give thanks, let us reflect on the fact that not all families will be so lucky.
“We have come to a clear realization of the fact that true individual freedom can't exist without economic security and independence.” - FDR
We have to boldly transform our energy system away from fossil fuel. And at the same time we must protect the workers in those industries.
Check out the Bernie 2016 app on your Apple TV, available now! 
 Cerca de nueve millones de indocumentados podrían verse beneficiados por medidas propuestas por 
  Issue whistleblower visas for workers who report abuse and employer violations.
By taxing Wall Street speculators, we can save middle-class families sending kids to college an average of $9400 each year.
The bottom line is ISIS must be destroyed with a regional coalition leading the effort on the ground.Must read: 
I have described the pharmaceutical industry as like Rocky Marciano. You know who Rocky Marciano is? Undefeated. They never lose.
Why are we told that it's OK to bring in lettuce and tomatoes from unregulated farms but we cannot bring brand-name drugs across the border?
Our volunteers are packing phone banks across New Hampshire. I am very proud of our movement.  
All Americans should be sickened by the video of Laquan McDonald’s murder. 
We are the only wealthy country on Earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right. Let’s change that.
 When was mayor of Burlington, Vt., he tended to talk globally but act locally  
 Bernie Sanders: Saudi Arabia is more focused on the Yemen crisis than fighting ISIS. True.  
Today, still, too many women and girls are suffering from domestic violence and sexual abuse. 
We must end the discrimination against women in our immigration system.  
  promete proteger de deportación a  que lleven 5 años en EEUU  
We cannot forget about the aspiring Americans who continue to live in the shadows.
 Sanders promises broader protections against deportation for undocumented immigrants 
 BernieSanders "I will allow immigrants to purchase health coverage under the Affordable Care Act. 
 Favorite moment of campaign so far:  and combine to take on  
 Sen on why now is the time to expand  and how he would do it:  via
 It is unacceptable that the police video footage of  murder took over a year to be released.
 President will dismantle inhumane deportation programs and private detention centers. 
  promete proteger de deportación a indocumentados que lleven 5 años en EEUU  
Tenemos la obligación de promulgar políticas que unan a las familias, y no que las separen. Lee mi plan:
We have an obligation to enact policies that unite families, not tear them apart. Read my immigration plan here:
Whether you're living in rural America or living in New York City, you need a decent income in order to provide adequately for your family.
 Clinton gets it wrong; Sanders offers better alternative: The temptation of expanding U.S. military involvement 
We need a massive federal jobs program that will create up to 13 million jobs rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure.
"I am here as a proponent of a political revolution." -
 It's official. Ballot Law Comm unanimously allows on  ballot  
We had an election last November in which 63 percent of the people didn't vote. We must engage people back into the democratic system.
You have millions of families today who do not know how they're gonna feed their kids tonight. That's a fact.
 Meet the lifelong Republicans defying expectation to support  
The Koch brothers will be spending more money on this campaign than either Party – just one family. That is oligarchy.
 Iron Workers Local 7 endorses his 2nd labor score in a week:    
 Bernie Sanders is the Most Popular Senator in America among his own constituents.  via
We have to pass universal legislation that makes everybody in this country who is 18 or older registered to vote automatically.
 "Working class and poor people deserve a chance at economic freedom."- 
We need to understand that substance abuse is a health issue, not a criminal issue. 
Our job is to create an economy that works for all of us and not just a handful of billionaires.  
 Bernie Sanders and rapper Killer Mike at Busy Bee in Atlanta. 
Watch our rally in Atlanta with and local leaders LIVE here: 
I am honored and pleased to have met with the Rev. Bernice King at the King Center today. 
Dr. King saw not only the need to end racism and segregation but to create an economy that works for all Americans. 
If you have economic security, your life is a lot better than people who are struggling every single day. It's very expensive to be poor.
 Brought this guy to Busy Bee on MLK in ATL. 
  supporters are lined around the block from the Fox Theater! Doors open at 5   
  and sit down for a coke at Atlanta's Busy Bee's cafe 
Anybody in this country, regardless of their income, should be able to go get a higher education.
Must Read: Bernie Sanders' Political Revolution 
It's called a rigged economy. And this is how it works:
We need millions of people to stand up and fight back, to demand that government represents all of us, not just the one percent. 
 Democratic candidate Sanders condemns Pfizer-Allergan deal as 'disaster' 
This merger would be a disaster for Americans who already pay the highest prescription drugs prices in the world. 
I am not just asking for your vote. I am asking for your support the day after the election to get involved in the political revolution.
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now.
I am running for one simple reason: I just do not believe that establishment politics are going to address the issues facing our nation.
Please join me for a rally in Atlanta TONIGHT with hip-hop star and local leaders. 
We should recognize the young DREAMers for what they are, American kids who deserve the right to be in the country they know as home.
 In St. Helena, Sanders said he "would hope" that every Democratic candidate would be "prepared to lift the cap"  ; expand" So…
  Savannah, GA crowd + balcony 
I’m not running for president to pursue reckless adventures abroad, but to rebuild America’s strength at home.
 "It is not a radical socialist idea to say if somebody works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty…
We need a political movement prepared to take on and defeat a ruling class whose greed is destroying our nation. 
 Morehouse, Clark, Spelman, Morris Brown, students and alum I wanna see u at the Bernie Sanders Rally Repping tomorrow at th…
I believe that the middle class and the working families who produce the wealth of America deserve a fair deal.
 Bernie Sanders climbs 9 points against frontrunner Hillary Clinton in new ABC/WaPo poll:  
 Standing room only here at for who speaks at 3 
 Check out video w talking how he'd work to help  around the world 
Full-time minimum-wage workers would see their income go up $6,240 under our plan for raising wages.
I cosponsored the Family and Medical Insurance Leave Act because it's important that parents get paid leave from work after having a child.
By providing Medicare for everyone, we can save the typical family making $50,000 more than $5,000 each year.
We should strengthen and expand Social Security. Read our plan here: 
 Congrats for winning the Drum Poll of attendees at today's historic 2020 Justice Forum in SC! HRC 2nd MO 3r…
We need police forces, including leadership and training departments, that reflect the diversity of our communities.
The only way we can win is if enough people come together to join our movement. So, are you in? 
As we look back through history, we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country. 
 Bernie Sanders' Political Revolution: On challenging Hillary and why he believes his radical campaign will prevail 
 Whoop there it is BET Drum Poll winner at 65% is  
It is not acceptable that hedge fund managers pay a lower effective tax rate than nurses or truck drivers.
 "We cannot jail our way out" -   
The truth is, you can’t change a corrupt system by taking its money.
 We welcomed ; his supporters at our offices today for their candidate filing rally.  
 Sen. Bernie Sanders speaks out for all of the mothers    
It's very expensive to be poor. 
 Bernie Sanders: “Substance abuse is a disease not a crime, and we have to treat it like a health issue.” 
We must address the lingering unjust stereotypes that lead us to label black youths as “thugs” and “super-predators.”
  at Presidential Justice Forum: "we are failing our black children before kindergarten."
I know you have heard these names before but they bear repeating so we do not lose sight of the real human price being paid.
We cannot jail our way out of health problems like drug addiction or social and economic problems like poverty. 
We must demilitarize our police forces so they don’t look and act like invading armies. 
 Bernie Sanders on the Black Lives Matter Movement.  
 "We must reinvent how we police America... Lethal force must be the last resort." -Bernie Sanders
Michael Brown, Eric Garner, Walter Scott, Freddie Gray, Sandra Bland, Tamir Rice, Samuel Dubose, Rekia Boyd and too many more.
We have to deal with the most urgent and obvious issue: the killing of African-Americans by police or deaths while in custody. 
 Bernie opens with "Let me from the start suggest, I am not Frank Underwood," thanking Cathey for introing him. cc:
Let’s talk about the issue of criminal justice reform. Watch LIVE here:
Together, we can dismantle this corrupt political system — one phone call, one flyer, one conversation at a time. 
We are creating a grassroots movement in SC that taps into the American people’s desire for real change.  
 The crowd cheers for at Charleston Blue Jamboree. 
 On stage now:  
Disappointed that doesn’t think we should guarantee health care through a single-payer system saving families $5,000 a year.
I’m not running for president because it’s my turn, but because it’s the turn of all of us to live in a nation of hope and opportunity.
 These picturesIowa Man Plows Quarter-Acre Sign for Bernie Sanders 
This great nation and its government belong to all of the people, not to a handful of billionaires, their Super-PACs and their lobbyists.
 Bernie Sanders challenged the gospel of libertarianism yesterday, and Democrats should listen to him:
Our grassroots movement is organizing, communicating, and connecting in communities across the country. Join us: 
 Bernie Sanders: wants to make every public college and university tuition free  
 Another packed house for in CHS at Town Hall  
We see undocumented workers taken advantage of by a corporate and political system that plays on fear and forces them into the shadows.
  invocó a Roosevelt para defender su "socialismo democrático" en Washington 
It's called a rigged economy. And this is how it works:
Our movement is growing in Laconia, NH. Thank you to everyone who came to our office opening.  
We need a movement which, once and for all, will end institutional racism in our country and reform a broken criminal justice system.
If you're doing everything right but find it harder and harder to get by, you're not alone.
 "No quiero que mis hijos pasen el trauma de quedar sin el padre o la madre como hemos visto en otras familias"  htt…
The executive action taken by a year ago was the right thing to do. It’s time to end the politics of division. 
Today we remember those taken from us and pledge to work to end the violence against the transgender community. 
In my view, health care is a right of the people, not a privilege.
Join us Monday night in Atlanta. RSVP here:  
We will not destroy ISIS by undermining theConstitution and our religious freedoms.
What an outrageous and bigoted statement. should beashamed of himself. 
We stand with those who want the truth to be revealed.   
I’ll be in South Carolina this weekend. Add our campaign on snapchat for behind-the-scenes access. 
I don’t believe it is a radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty.
One thing is for sure: the billionaire class has never dealt with a threat like ours. And I am sure that if we stand together, we will win.
Text TV to 82623 to be the first to see our new television ad! 
 Bernie Sanders is right: The top 0.1 percent have as much as the bottom 90 percent 
 Statewide  results for Democrats: 53%, 24% 15%  
No President can take on corporate interests alone. We need a grassroots political revolution of millions and millions of people.
 El socialismo de más como Franklin D Roosevelt y menos como Hugo Chávez.  
Text TV to 82623 to be the first to see our new television ad!
We are building a grassroots movement of ordinary Americans who stand together and say, “enough is enough.”
This campaign is not about me. It is about you.
If we stand together, if we build a political revolution in this country, there is no limit to what we can accomplish.
 State's largest public employee union, SEA/SEIU, endorses Bernie Sanders for President. 
 That was 'Feel. The. Bern.' you were hearing! 
The bottom line is that ISIS must be destroyed, but it cannot be defeated by the United States alone. 
 If wants to open the door to racism, it is our job to shut that door, and shut it tight 
I believe in equal treatment for African-Americans who are right to proclaim the moral principle that 
Democratic Socialism means that we make it easier for people to vote, not harder. 
I’m not running for president because it’s my turn, but because it’s the turn of all of us to live in a nation of hope and opportunity.
Democratic Socialism means that we guarantee health care for all people, not leave 29 million Americans to fend for themselves. 
Democratic socialism means that we cannot allow the greed of the fossil fuel industry to destroy our environment and our planet. 
Democratic socialism means that if someone works forty hours a week, that person will not be living in poverty. 
Democratic socialism means that every person in this country has the right to go to a public college or university tuition free. 
LIVE now: Bernie on democratic socialism in America:   
Medicare for all would save middle class families and our entire nation significant sums of money. 
In my view, it’s time we had democratic socialism for working families; not just Wall Street, billionaires and big corporations. 
What does democratic socialism look like in America? Watch LIVE now: 
Do some arithmetic. Imagine you are a senior. How do you pay for the food, the medicine, and heat you need on $13,000 a year? 
“This country has socialism for the rich, and rugged individualism for the poor.” - Martin Luther King, Jr 
 We must not accept a nation where billionaires compete as to the size of their yachts, while children in America go hungr…
The bottom line is that today in America we have a power structure that protects massive wealth and income inequality. 
 "Unbelievably, and grotesquely, the top one-tenth of 1 percent owns nearly as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent." --
Today in America, 58 percent of all new income generated is going to the top one percent. That is wrong. 
 "We need to create a culture...that cannot be just based on the worship of money." - 
  Despite a huge increase in technology, millions of Americans struggle to provide for their families 
'Socialist' programs from FDR and LBJ:✅Social Security✅Minimum Wage✅Medicare and Medicaid✅40-hour work week
We have an economic and political crisis in this country and the same old, same old establishment politics will not effectively address it.
 I'm watching  
We're not a nation who doesn't help others. Sign if you agree:  
LIVE now: Bernie on democratic socialism in America:  
Young people are graduating college with mountains of debt, and putting off starting families and buying homes because they can’t afford it.
Today, we talk about what democratic socialism means. What does a nation of economic and social justice mean to you? 
 Full house for speech on "democratic socialism in America"  
 Less than 30 minutes til doors open at the  event. Line extends to the university main gates. 
 Sanders is doing a bit better than Clinton against Republicans, says there's not an easy answer as to why. 
Paid leave and universal pre-K are what  need. Thank you and for addressing real family values.
We always knew we would be outspent, but we can make sure we're not out-organized. Join our campaign: 
If we are going to end a corrupt political system, it’s going to take a movement who will rise up, stand together and say enough is enough!
 Bernie Sanders to Talk at on Democratic Socialism in America   
Real change does not happen from the top down. It happens from the bottom up. 
I will not rest until every worker in this country has at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave.
There is something profoundly wrong when the top one-tenth of one percent owns almost as much wealth than the bottom 90 percent.
Now is the time to do what we do best and that is be Americans – fighting racism, fighting xenophobia, fighting fear.
The American people are looking for an alternative to endless war that has destabilized the Middle East and given rise to new threats.
Si quieres más que sólo elegir un presidente, si quieres una revolución política, necesito tu ayuda.Visita 
As Americans, we will not be terrorized. We will not live in fear.
What we saw in Paris was disgusting and barbaric. But we are a strong enough nation to say we’re not going to lose who we are as a people.
Join our campaign to stand up for higher wages for American workers. 
Our opponents are funding their campaigns with checks from billionaires and Wall Street. Not us. Join our movement: 
The middle class is disappearing and more than half of new income is going to the top 1%. It’s time for a political revolution.
 Bernie Sanders appears on our next cover. Learn why he thinks his radical campaign can win  
 Bernie Sanders to Talk at on Democratic Socialism in America   
Democratic Socialism means means creating a government that represents all of us, not just the wealthiest.
We need a commissioner who will stand up to the pharmaceutical industry and protect American consumers. Dr. Califf, you are not that person.
People are dying and not buying the food they need because they have to pay outrageous prices for medicine.
 Aides say Sanders's speech on democratic socialism will also contain a section on foreign policy and ISIS. 
 Candidate tells turning our backs on refugees destroys idea of America 
Loudly and clearly we need to say enough is enough.  This great nation belongs to all of us not just the people on top.
There is a drug crisis in New Hampshire. Please, share your story with us.  
We need a movement which says that every worker in America deserves a living wage.
It is not a radical idea to say that a single mom should be earning enough money to take care of her kids.
 Let's remember that it's not only Republicans who are turning their back to refugees escaping violence.A que... 
We must become the country in the world which invests in jobs and education, not in more jails and incarceration.
I want Lakesia to know I will never waver from the  Twelve dollars an hour is not a livable wage. 
Tune in now to Yahoo News where I will be talking with Watch here: 
 Coming up at 1 pm: sits down with presidential candidate  
We should not be country in which we have banks to big to fail and bankers too big to jail.
"I think the momentum for a single payer system will sweep the country." Who said it?
The current immigration system discriminates against women, and has got to stop. Women are often the breadwinners of families.
We need a movement which will work with the trade union movement to end our disastrous trade policies.
We will not be terrorized or live in fear. 
During these difficult times, we will not succumb to Islamophobia. We will not turn our backs on refugees. 
 Bernie Sanders on Tamir Rice: "I do not want to read about and see...children being shot because they have a toy gun." …
 Enormous crowd welcomes to Cleveland... 
There is no rational explanation to why women are making cents on the dollar compared to men. That is plain sexism. 
We don’t want Wall Street’s money. This is a people’s campaign and we will win this with the support of millions of people. 
We will not turn our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria and Afghanistan.
  Campaign Rally in Cleveland, OH – LIVE shortly online here:  
We need a movement which says that we will provide pay equity to women workers.
Cleveland, join me at our rally tonight and join the conversation with    
We will win in 2016, not just the White House, the U.S. Senate and U.S. House, but Statehouses all across the country.
 Iowa chapter of Americans for Democratic Action endorses for president 
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist.
We need a movement that tells the Koch brothers and the billionaire class they won't be able to continue buying candidates and elections.
We must provide legal protections for our undocumented brothers and sisters and we must provide a path towards citizenship.
 Bernie Sanders represents a movement, not just a political campaign, writes: 
When parents have a baby they shouldn't be forcibly separated from that baby because they can't afford to stay home.
We are going to create an unprecedented grassroots movement which taps into the American people’s desire for real change in this country.
What is this Snapshot thing and why do I only get ten seconds? 
 Cleveland State University is hosting a rally tonight!  ; get more info here: 
 44% of Democrats think Bernie Sanders won Saturday night's debate—WSJ survey 
Si un banco es demasiado grande para fallar, entonces es demasiado grande para existir.
 "By the end of my first term this country will not have more people in jail than any other" vows
 Nearing a full house at Town Hall in Indianola, Iowa 
We need a movement that tells corporate America and the wealthy that you will start paying your fair share of taxes.
Now is NOT the time for the same old, same old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas.
We must end the international disgrace of being the only major country on earth that doesn't provide paid family ; medical leave to workers.
 President Obama Praises Bernie Sanders but Passes on Whether He'd Make 'Great' POTUS. 
 Sanders wins  on social media:  
We must not continue being the country in the world with more people in jail than any other – disproportionately people of color.
  How to follow our coverage during the rally at  via
I'm excited too! RSVP here:   
 Last night, drew some big laughs when he joked about not being as socialist as Eisenhower 
 COMING UP on  fresh off his  performance is 
Tune in to for a discussion on returning to a gov't of the people, by the people and for the people. 
If you’re interested in more than just electing a president, if you’re interested in a political revolution, we need your help.
 Largest candidate follower increases during  2. 3.
  has arrived at the Varsity Theater to greet supporters at their  watch party 
"The political revolution is coming, baby! Come with us." -
Bernie worked with Sen. McCain and House Republicans to pass landmark legislation to ensure all our veterans get the care they deserve.
Low and middle-income kids should not have to pay their way through college while rich kids are able to focus on their studies.
Tuition-free college will give hope to millions of young people. It would be an extraordinary investment in our future. 
 Sanders on race, said the country is spending $80 million locking people up, "disproportionally Latino and black." 
1 in 4 black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is an unspeakable tragedy. 
It's not a radical idea to say a single mother should be earning enough money to take care of her kids. 
Thanks, 
Bernie is the best candidate to expand the base, excite the party and defeat Republican opponents in 2016. 
We're relying on more than 1.5 million contributions at $30 a piece. Join our movement: 
It's time for commonsense gun safety laws:✅Universal background checks✅Assault weapon ban✅Stricter gun trafficking laws
Wall Street plays by the rules? Who are we kidding? The business model of Wall Street is fraud. 
  on raising minimum wage: "Put money in the hands of working people"  
Thanks, 
It’s hard to believe a candidate funded by the big banks will adequately regulate Wall Street. 
In my view, health care is a right and not a privilege.
I'm a little bit more conservative than Hillary on regime change. 
 has gotta start paying living wages to their workers, not starvation wages.  
There’s only one candidate on this stage who has a plan to make sure every American has health care as a right. 
We bailed out Wall Street, it’s their turn to bail out the middle class and help our kids go to college tuition-free. 
This is not a radical idea. Do you agree? Add your name:  
 "I believe the US has the moral responsibility to receive refugees who are escaping violence" -
We have to combat anti-Muslim bigotry and all forms of discrimination in our country and in our world. 
As a former veterans committee chairman, Bernie knows the true cost of war includes the big impact on our veterans and military families.
The disastrous invasion of Iraq, which I opposed, has unraveled the region and led to the rise of al-Qaeda and ISIS. 
Leading the world, this country will rid our planet of the barbaric organization called ISIS.
We're building a movement with millions of Americans to take on a corrupt political system. Join us: 
Tonight we’re going to talk about the major issues facing our country and our world. Join me:  
Stand with us. There is strength through diplomacy. Sign if you agree: 
Surely we can come together to ensure has the resources to care for our veterans when they return: 
We have to provide the best care to those who have put their lives on the line to defend us. Sign if you agree: 
If we can't afford to take care of our veterans then don't go to war. Sign if you agree:  
What do you care about most? Closing tax loopholes that benefit the wealthy? Equal pay for working women? Tell us: 
We're sending FREE Bernie stickers to any supporter who wants one. Get yours:  
I voted against the war in Iraq; it was the right vote then and now. Add your name:  
We must seek diplomatic solutions before resorting to military action. Sign if you agree:  
People are sick and tired of establishment politics and they want real change.
Join and I for a rally this Monday. RSVP:  
Horrified by the attacks in Paris tonight. My thoughts are with the victims and their loved ones.
  rallies w striking Capitol workers for a $15/hour minimum wage  on 11/10 
 This Sunday, will tell us what he thought of Saturday's  Don't miss it! 
In the year 2015, we should not be debating a woman's right to choose.  
We have millions of Americans who are being crushed by high student debt. This has got to change.
Join me in Cleveland on Monday for a rally with special guest RSVP here: 
Debemos establecer equidad salarial para la mujer. Es inconcebible que las mujeres ganen menos que los hombres al realizar el mismo trabajo.
Tomorrow is the second Democratic Debate. Attend a debate watch party near you and 
Dudley Dudley from our NH steering committee explains why she's supporting our movement. 
We must once again make our country the leader in the fight for economic and social justice, for environmental sanity and for peace.
When we all stand together, there is nothing, nothing that we cannot accomplish.
We’re proud to have more support with young people than any other candidate in today’s new CBS/NYT poll. 
Congress repealed Glass-Steagall 16 years ago today. We will reinstate it and break up big banks which have a stranglehold over our economy.
 Prominent Clinton backer switches allegiance to (AP) 
 Read how inspired   
A new CBS/NYT poll shows our campaign closing the gap:
We are very humbled to have the support of a strong fighter for the people of Ohio.
“Bernie walks the walk.” - Mark Dimondstein, President 
If we could bail out Wall Street, we can make sure every American has access to public colleges regardless of income. 
In my view, it makes a lot more sense to be investing in jobs and education, than more jails and incarceration.
Real youth unemployment for African American high school graduates is 51 percent.  That's an unspeakable tragedy that we've got to address.
Americans are working longer hours for lower wages and wondering how they're going to retire with dignity. This shouldn’t happen in America.
I will fight for twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave.
El salario mínimo federal actual es un salario de inanición y debe ser elevado a un salario de subsistencia digna.
We need a path to citizenship to bring 11 million people out of the shadows. And, that must happen sooner, rather than later.
 With 200K members, postal workers' union is biggest labor endorsement so far. 
I'm listening to the  conversation. It's time to address structural racism on college campuses.
It’s not just income and wealth inequality. It’s not just corporate control over the media. The real issue is: Who's gonna stand up to them?
"When the peace treaty is signed, the war isn't over for the veterans, or the family. It's just starting." - Karl Marlantes
 Bernie Sanders plans Monday rally in Cleveland 
Glad to see so many young people here today. It’s important to understand the sacrifices veterans have made.  
As we look back through history, we know women were at the forefront of every progressive victory in this country.
 "In new shock poll, Sanders has landslides over both Trump and Bush"  
The cost of war is real, and we have got to support those people who have put their lives on the line defending this country. 
If patriotism means anything, it means that we do not turn our backs on those who defended us. 
Today we say thank you to all who served. 
 Short parade but special guest in Lebanon  to honor our vets. 
Sin trabajadores indocumentados gran parte de nuestro sistema agrario se desplomaría. Ellos son parte del tejido social estadounidense.
  comes out swinging for  via 
If you can't afford to take care of your veterans, then don't go to war. 
 So here's my message to Wall Street ; their GOP buddies: we're ready to fight back to protect the 
Today, we honor the sacrifice of our nation’s veterans and their families.  
Republicans should worry more about their kids and grandchildren and the future of this planet than their campaign contributors. 
If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, he would say: break up these too-big-to-fail banks. And he would be right. 
We already have the biggest military in the world, yet veterans sleep out on the streets. Will Republicans talk about this? 
Right now, Trump pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118,500 a year. 
Let us stand today with the tens of millions of workers who are working hard to put food on the table. Let’s  
We will close the income inequality gap between the rich and the rest of us.
A job should lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. Victor, thanks for standing for justice and dignity. 
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government.
  is the first presidential candidate to oppose the proposed Bakken oil pipeline 
 Tune in to at 6:15 as interviews   
Bike canvassing is one way our organizers in NH help reduce the use of fossil fuels while reaching voters.  
Republicans' family values are that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't be able to get married. I strongly disagree.
Medicare for All would eliminate payments to insurance companies that put profits before people.
Only 18% of families headed by single moms have economic security. That is unacceptable.
If the minimum wage had kept pace with productivity, it would be more than $16 per hour today.
What workers all over the United States are doing is having a profound impact. This is your movement. 
 LIVE NOW: holds minimum wage rally on Capitol Hill   
Proud to join striking workers today fighting for dignity and a living wage.  
  and at the  march in NYC this AM  
I don’t believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty. 
 Sanders: Don't let anyone tell you politics is 'bull' 
I am prepared to take on powerful special interests which wield enormous power over the economic and political life of this country.
 The blowback to LCV’s early endorsement of Hillary Clinton: via 
Our organizers in Manchester are working hard to build the political revolution this country needs.  
Too often our Native American brothers and sisters have seen corporate profits put ahead of their sovereign rights.
  promete dar una protección más amplia que la de a migrantes indocumentados  
We are the most powerful military in the world... but we must understand that war is the last resort, not the first.
Thank you to everyone who helped our campaign in Iowa this weekend. When we stand up and fight, we win.  
 Enjoyed meeting talented ; passionate  ; supporting in Reno on Friday! 
 Young people get it: climate, immigration and racial justice are all connected.  
I will direct my Administration to extend humane treatment and asylum to victims of domestic violence and unaccompanied minors.
I will direct immigration officers to immediately stop initiating deportations against those eligible for relief.
 "Our job is to unite families, not divide families" -     
I will expand upon President Obama’s executive actions to provide broad Administrative relief to the parents of DREAMers.
 WATCH LIVE NOW: over 400 activists for converse with on his vision for   
At a time when more than 60% of Americans don't vote, we must make it easier for people to vote, not harder. 
We need to pass pay equity for women workers. Equal pay for equal work.
The American people are sick and tired of having more wealth and income inequality than any other major developed country on Earth.
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America.
  on Senate endorsements: It tells you 1 of us is a candidate of the establishment. 
Today’s undocumented workers play an important role in our economy. They are part of the fabric of America. 
I will establish immigration policies that keep families together, not divide them.  
Our great country and our gov’t belongs to all of us and not just a handful of billionaires.  
People in Nevada and in the rest of America are fighting and demanding a political revolution. 
 " endorse b/c he is caring, compassionate ; believes in community" says RN Kathleen Woods in 
I am excited to be speaking at our rally in Las Vegas tonight! 
 The 10 person mariachi band playing before speaks in North Las Vegas 
Instead of giving tax breaks to billionaires we should be expanding nutrition programs and other services for seniors.
We can, and must, be a nation in which we do not have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major developed country on earth.
American democracy is one person, one vote – with every citizen having an equal say – and no voter suppression. 
Workers in America today need decent pay raises, they need decent health care, and they need decent pensions.
 Estamos a un año del día de las  y tiene nueva portavoz  
This country and our government belong to all of us, not just a handful of very wealthy people.
When you’re sick, you should be able to access health care. When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy.
I’ll be on this morning. Tune in! 
 "The American people want to know why the middle-class of this country is disappearing," says on 
We have got to end this outrageous voter suppression which is taking place in dozens of states.
Classifying marijuana in the same category as cocaine ignores the major issue.
I am proud to have Latinos for Bernie representing our campaign in Iowa.  
 "The republican idea of democracy is to suppress the vote and billionaires buy elections" - 
School teachers and educators are real American heroes. 
I am not just asking for your vote, I am asking for you to get involved in a political revolution. 
 The setup for tonight's town hall with at  
The cost of war continues until the last veteran receives the care and benefits that he or she has earned on the battlefield.
 Several key South Carolina legislators--Terry Alexander, Wendell Gilliard, Robert Williams--endorse ht…
There needs to be a path back from prison. We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated.
 SC Rep. Terry Alexander, D-Florence, endorses who "can help bridge that gap" to working class ; poor 
 The Case for Bernie Sanders: His critics say he’s not realistic – but they have it backwards 
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans. That is going to change.
 After Keystone, Bernie Sanders Is Already Leading The Next Climate Fight  
Shop for union-made items in the Bernie Store and help fund the political revolution!
I’m proud to have the support of all of the volunteers at our Bernie Camp trainings across NH this weekend. When we organize, we win. 
Why do we accept a situation where thousands of qualified people are unable to go to college because their families don’t have enough money?
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men, women, and children and throwing them out of the country.
If the Republicans can't face a free election, they should get another job. 
 Bernie Sanders plays post   
Our campaign has the excitement and the energy to win in the South and all over this country. 
"People who suppress the vote are political cowards and are undermining democracy." 
"Back in 1988, I said it is wrong in this country for people to be buying assault weapons designed just to kill human beings." 
  "We're talking about taking on the governor of S.C., who is denying Medicaid to 200,000 people."  
Dream job: President of CNN.
"I would not have run for president if I believed that establishment politics and economics could solve the problems we face." 
 Sanders: "I listened to what Bush ; Cheney said and I didn't believe them. I voted against that war."
  referenced his bill that would keep dirty fossil fuels in the ground! Incredibly important.  
"I said no to Keystone on day one." 
Our agenda invests $1 trillion into building roads, bridges and infrastructure to create or maintain 13 million jobs. 
We are going to invest in jobs and education for the kids of this country, rather than jails and incarceration. 
We're up next at the  here in South Carolina. Watch live: 
The Keystone pipeline victory is about millions of people demanding real change. That's what our campaign is about too. 
Will the Republicans tell us why they reject the near-unanimous scientific opinion that climate change is real and caused by human activity?
Make any donation to our campaign and I'll send you a copy of my book "Outsider in the White House." 
Anybody who is suppressing the vote, who is intentionally trying to keep people from voting is a political coward.
The  rejection is a triumph for a grassroots movement that demanded the necessary ; refused to give in. When we organize, we win.
Our new TV spot is narrated by someone special from House of Cards. Name that voice.
 Here's to days that seemed impossible...and to all who, working together, show that people power can create a different futur…
As a leader in the opposition to Keystone XL from Day 1, I strongly applaud the president’s decision to kill this project once and for all.
Exxon knew the truth about climate change and lied to protect their profits. DOJ should follow NY's lead.  
The Keystone pipeline is a no-brainer. You do not extract and transport some of the dirtiest fuel on Earth. End of discussion.
One in five Americans today cannot afford to fill the prescriptions their doctors write for them. That’s totally crazy.
 Democratic presidential candidate will join us Sunday on the program. 
 Has the tipping point finally come for marijuana legislation?  
We need trade policies in this country that work for the working families of our nation, not just CEOs of large multi-national corporations.
The TPP is a continuation of our disastrous trade policies that have devastated manufacturing cities and towns all over this country.
Congress cannot regulate Wall Street. It is time to break these too big to fail banks up.
 We thank you for your powerful defense to protect the Endangered Species Act&gt; 
 JUST IN: declares "political revolution," files for NH ballot.  
Now that the text of the Trans-Pacific Partnership has finally been released, it is even worse than I thought.
 Bernie Sanders: Climate change is a "major planetary crisis" and the U.S. must act now 
  files with the Secretary of State and becomes our second candidate for  primary!  
 If only Bernie Sanders could pick a scenic spot for a rally. 
 WATCH LIVE: Bernie Sanders holds NH rally after filing primary paperwork:   
  will walk out of NH statehouse in Concord momentarily  to this sight... 
My friends, a political revolution is coming to New Hampshire and it’s coming to America.  
We cannot end DACA. We must fight to expand this successful program to legal limits. A president must be consistent on immigration.
We need a banking system that is part of creating a productive economy, not a handful of huge banks that engage in reckless activities.
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face.
Millions of Americans are working for totally inadequate wages. The current federal minimum wage is a starvation wage and must be raised.
Nothing significant happens in terms of change unless a movement takes place. That’s what we’re building together.
 Bernie Sanders introduces bill ending federal marijuana ban  
The only long-term solution to America's health care crisis is a single-payer national health care program.
Tomorrow, I'm holding my Filing Day Rally at 2pm outside the State House in Concord, NH. Will you join us?  
We must tell the fossil-fuel industry that their short-term profits are less important than caring for our planet.
To my Republican colleagues I say: worry less about your campaign contributions and worry more about your children.  
Every Democratic presidential candidate serious about addressing climate change should pledge to end fossil fuel leasing on public lands.
The science is clear: we need act to keep fossil fuels in the ground. Let's start with our public lands and waters. 
The debate is over. Climate change is real, it is caused by humans and it is already causing devastating problems. 
 Bernie Sanders launches new climate plan to curb US fossil fuel extraction 
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness. It doesn’t have to be this way.
I will be in North Las Vegas on Sunday for a rally to discuss the major issues facing our country. Join me: 
  interviewing this afternoon. What would you 
The scientific community has been virtually unanimous: Climate change is real. Our job is to aggressively transform our energy system.
Let’s be clear: in terms of protecting the needs of our families the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth.
On immigration, we must be aggressive in pursuing policies that are humane and sensible and that keep families together.
 Tonight, responds to Charles Koch's comments this morning on corporate welfare.
Like many other polls, the NBC/WSJ poll shows our campaign is the best shot for Democrats heading into the general. 
New NBC poll general matchups:Sanders 46, Rubio 41 (+5)Sanders 50, Trump 41 (+9)Clinton 47, Rubio 44 (+3)Clinton 50, Trump 42 (+8)
If I'm "finished," I don't know what it says about Trump's situation when I'm 9pts ahead of him in the new NBC poll. 
We must fundamentally rewrite our trade policy so that American products, not American jobs, are our No. 1 export.
 The Case for Bernie Sanders | Rolling Stone 
Instead of encouraging more people to vote, Republicans have passed laws to keep people away from the polls, especially low-income people.
 There’s another feminist running for president and here’s HIS record to prove it.  is 
Americans deserve affordable access to the Internet, not hidden fees and rising prices.
Democracy is not a spectator sport. We must be truly engaged if we want to make real change. Go vote. 
Billionaires should not be able to buy elections or candidates. We have got to overturn the Citizens United Supreme Court decision.
I'm not a great pitcher. But Dylan's going from t-ball to AA and in two years the majors.
Tune in now to on MSNBC for a discussion on the issues facing working families in our country.
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank.
We need pay equity in this country so that women make what a man makes for doing the same work.
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place.
I have always opposed Keystone XL. It isn't a distraction — it's a fundamental litmus test of your commitment to battle climate change.
 Among many places where credit is due: some guy named came out against  in September...of 2011.
At a time of massive inequality, the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer.
We will win in 2016 because we are going to create an unprecedented grassroots movement. 
En este Día de los Muertos recordamos a quienes se nos adelantaron y peleamos por los que siguen aquí. ¡Feliz Día de los Muertos! 💀
I voted against the USA Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward and Orwellian society.
Our goal as a nation must be to ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty. 
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral, it is economically unsustainable.
ICYMI - Watch our first TV ad: 
In America, we have a casino-capitalist society in which a handful of very wealthy exercise enormous control over our economy and politics.
We are going to fight voter suppression in all forms. If you are 18 years of age, you will be automatically registered to vote.
 I'm in IOWA this weekend, in support of Bernie.      
In my view, health care is a right of the people, not a privilege.
People are sick and tired of establishment politics and that has got to change. 
It’s unacceptable that, at every turn, huge companies use their power to cut wages, cut benefits and cut pensions. Their greed has no end.
There is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little.
We need to end voter suppression, and make it easier for people to vote, not harder.
I remember reading picture books of World War II with tears coming out of my eyes. We've got to stand together and end all forms of racism.
This campaign is sending a message to the billionaires: you can’t continue sending our jobs to China while millions are looking for work.
Watch our first TV ad:
 lo ha dicho: el cambio climático es real, es causado por la actividad humana y hoy genera problemas devastadores en nuestro país.
 As Vermont official, Bernie Sanders "got things done"  
Trick-or-treating with my grandkids Sunnee, Grayson and Ryleigh in New Hampshire. Happy halloween!
 BernieBaby could well beat last year's Ruth Bader Ginsberg. 
Happy Halloween! 
As the largest and most powerful military in the world, we need to use military force as a last resort, not a first resort.
We must stand up to the corporate interests and Wall Street to create a government that works for all people and not just the billionaires.
 Bernie Sanders tells Halloween crowd in Lebanon, NH: "My name is Larry David and I am impersonating Bernie Sanders." 
I don't want you to think you are brave. The vast majority of the American people support guaranteed paid vacation. 
Smile! It's time to take a selfie. We're making some TV and online ads and want our supporters in them. 
  starts Warner NH event by speaking to people outside -- who didn't get seats.   
The American people must make a fundamental decision. Do we continue the 40-year decline of our… 
There is something very wrong when one family owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans.  
It is an embarrassment that we have a major political party that rejects the overwhelming science on climate change.
Any serious criminal justice reform must include removing marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act. Must read:
 Today on it's and music from Tune in at 12ep.
If you take a look at my life’s work, there is one candidate in this campaign who is prepared to stand up to the billionaire class.
This campaign is sending a message to the billionaire class: you can’t have it all!  
In my view, when the six largest financial institutions control the equivalent of 60% of the GDP, you have got to break them up.
 Politics is not a spectator sport. If you live in/near Iowa, sign up for Weekend of Action:  
Interested in working with Bernie 2016? We’re hiring across the country. Join the political revolution:
The time is long overdue for us to remove the federal prohibition on marijuana. Must read: 
In many states, it is legal to fire someone for being gay or to deny someone housing for being transgender. That must change. 
I don’t think that people should be making profit by seeing more and more people go into jail.
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation’s history. 
 Bernie Sanders interview with Union Leader to be shown live.  
Last week Iowa showed a "Whole Lotta Love" at  
Although use is about the same, a black person is almost four times more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than a white person.
There is something profoundly wrong when 58 percent of all new income since the Wall Street crash has gone to the top one percent.
There is something wrong when the top one-tenth of one percent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
100 years ago we said every kid should be able to get a high school education for free. The same is true of a college education today.
Under President Obama and Vice President Biden, this country has come a long way economically.
Last week, I called on DOJ to investigate to  on why they lied about climate change.
At a time of rampant violence and murder, the State should not be part of that process. We should abolish the death penalty.
It’s time for the United States to join almost every other Western, industrialized country on Earth in saying no to the death penalty.
What the political revolution is about is you getting involved. Together we get things done.  
 Coming up at 1pm ET: Sen. joins on Live    
The time is long overdue for us to take marijuana off the federal government’s list of outlawed drugs. 
This is what I think. And let me be very personal here…
Which one will the billionaire class choose?   
 Every young person in America should be listening to right now. -&gt; 
We’re LIVE into colleges in every state of the nation. View here:  and ask📢 your questions with 
Add your name to stand with Bernie to let states make  legal:  
Tonight, I'll host a special live town meeting online with students and young people. Ask your question on twitter using 
 Bernie Sanders will propose nixing marijuana from federal list of dangerous drugs, freeing states to legalize it 
 Democratic Presidential candidate joins me today in 5-7PM ET. What would you ask him? 
It is obscene that people are getting arrested at near record rates for smoking marijuana, but not one Wall Street CEO has been prosecuted.
We must do all we can to help the 3.5 million American citizens in Puerto Rico improve its economy and lift its children out of poverty.
Estados Unidos debe unirse a los demás países industrializados del mundo y garantizarle a nuestro pueblo el derecho al cuidado de la salud.
The reality is that since the mid-1980s we have seen the Robin Hood principle in reverse. That is unacceptable and that has got to change.
The real median income of male workers today is $783 less than it was 42 years ago. 
America now has more wealth and income inequality than any major developed country on earth.
The gap between the very rich and everyone else is wider than at any time since the 1920s. 
We must demilitarize police departments ; end minimum sentencing. These are real issues that need to be dealt with.
Yeah, we can win. 
This campaign is sending a message to the billionaire class: you can’t get huge tax breaks while children in this country go hungry.
As in years past, know that I will be there with you until a fair contract is negotiated.
 Jane Sanders is starting to play a bigger role in her husband’s campaign 
The American people are angry because they know the recession wasn't caused by the working families of this country.
Welcome to the school-to-prison pipeline! This unjust criminalization of our youth has to end. 
  "It is important to stand up when the going is tough." 
 Tonight on tells Charlie what differentiates him from defines socialism, ; explains …
Tonight, I talk to on PBS. Please be sure to watch. 
 Tune in now to for interview with (Photo by 
I’ll be in-studio with Rachel on tonight at 9PM ET. Tune in now.
Toda mi carrera he luchado por personas de bajo ingreso, y en contra de aquellos que nos han arrebatado el poder de nuestra política.
 Why does this  support Watch ; find out:   
We’re going to demilitarize police departments so they do not look like oppressing armies.
 Bernie Sanders, in-studio with Rachel tonight! 
We have got to move in an aggressive way to move our energy system away from fossil fuels.
If you’re interested in more than just electing a president, if you’re interested in a political revolution, we need your help.
 Now in NYC: stands w/ Verizon ; Vzw workers fighting corporate greed  
Standing up and fighting back. That’s what you are doing. And that’s what this campaign is about.
I’m excited to have met today on We had a great discussion on Social Security. 
The pharmaceutical industry, along with Wall St., is the most powerful lobbying force in Washington. They never lose. This has got to end.
Tune in now to on ABC for a discussion on making America work for middle and working class families again. 
 Democratic presidential candidate joins us LIVE on  today! 
Private companies should not be profiting from the incarceration of human beings.
We need to end minimum sentencing. Too many lives have been destroyed for non-violent crimes.
A college degree is the new high school diploma. An education should be available to all regardless of anyone’s economic situation.
Eight years ago the experts talked about how another Democratic candidate for president couldn’t win. His name is President Obama.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is not the gold standard of trade agreements. I didn’t support it yesterday and I won't support it tomorrow.
 Prepare yourself, hits the VIEW table tomorrow!  
When you stand with working families and are prepared to take on powerful special interests, people will come out to vote in large numbers.
I promise you that as your president I will govern based on principle not poll numbers.
We can create a nation where every veteran who puts their life on the line for us will get quality health care.
"I am in earnest—I will not equivocate—I will not excuse—I will not retreat a single inch—and I will be heard.” - William Lloyd Garrison
"I pledge to you that every day I will fight for the public interest not the corporate interests." 
"I listened to what Bush and Cheney had to say about Iraq. I listened carefully, and I didn't believe them so I voted against the war."
Honestly, it wasn’t that complicated. 
Bernie is the only Democratic candidate for president who does not have a Super PAC. He is proving them wrong. 
 "You fight for an economy that works for all Americans and not just the wealthiest people in this country." -
Thank you, Iowa. You are not on the sidelines. You are fighting back and that’s what this campaign is doing. 
HAPPENING NOW: I'm speaking at the Jefferson-Jackson Dinner. Be sure to live tweet to  Watch here: 
 The Bern is loose. heads to his cheering section before  speech 
 Bernie Sanders and his wife Jane wade into crowd to hug supporters  
  and crew lead 'symbolic march' to Dem dinner:  
  section impatient as roster or non-presidential candidates speaks. Chant: "We want Bernie!" IDP Chair: "You…
What this campaign is about is standing up and taking back our government from a handful of billionaires.  
 U.S. Sen. Tom Harkin endorsed but says may have won the sign war outside JJ dinner.  
 2000-strong  contingent marching across the Women of Achievement bridge to  
While other candidates may have more money, we have the people. Let’s show them what happens when we unite.  
The American people understand that establishment politics is not working for the middle class. -  Rally 
  crosses bridge with supporters - show of force for  
I am running for President of the United States because America needs a political revolution.  
 "This campaign is not just about electing a president, it's about transforming America."  
 This Des Moines rally crowd is ready to cheer and march to  - the revolution starts here 
The revolution starts here. The revolution starts now.  
I’m excited to be speaking at the Iowa Democratic Party’s Jefferson-Jackson Dinner tonight.   
We need to provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together.
100 years ago, workers in this country marched in protest for a 40 hour work week. We still have not achieved that. 
We're going to move to public funding of elections so candidates don't have to beg the wealthy and powerful for money when they want to run.
We need to tell the drug companies to stop ripping off the American people.
 Sanders, crew rock the Adler 
 WATCH LIVE: addresses crowd at "Rockin' the Bern" concert in Iowa:  
This election is not just about electing a President. Far more significantly, it is about transforming America.
 At  show in IA, rockers join to sing for ; an end to mass incarceration. htt…
We have to ask ourselves, “Is it morally acceptable, is it economically sustainable, that so few have so much while so many have so little?”
I worry very much that our country, both economically and politically, is sliding into oligarchy.
In the last 30 years there's been a massive redistribution of wealth in the U.S. Unfortunately, it has gone in the wrong direction.
 Sneak peak of all-star band prepping for  concert in Davenport tonight  
Savings for businesses under a Medicare-for-all program would be astronomical. U.S. companies would finally be on equal footing with Europe.
 Are you a democratic socialist like Bernie Sanders? Take the quiz. 
The people in Puerto Rico should not be forced to suffer so that a handful of investors can make even more money. 
  talks exclusively with this Sunday about his plans to win the Democratic nomination. 
We must take on special interests and act boldly on behalf of the American people. 
I'm on my way - see you tonight in Davenport.   
A couple of weeks ago, the U.S. government made a decision that will negatively impact almost 70 million people.
We need an economy that works for working families.
Join Higher Ed for Bernie—a coalition of faculty, students, staff and parents supporting Bernie 2016.  
 WATCH LIVE: remarks at Democrats Women's Leadership Forum  
 Bernie Sanders wants the DOJ to investigate Exxon  
In the 1970s, Exxon's scientists found climate change was real and potentially very dangerous. Then Exxon denied it.
If you study hard, I want you to be able to get a college education no matter the income of your family.
The future of America is with our children. How can we have a great country if we aren’t educating our children the way we should?
I voted against the war in Iraq, and knew it was the right vote then, and most people recognize it was the right vote today.
  contrata al latino César Vargas como parte de su campaña  
To me, Democratic Socialism means democracy. It means creating a government that represents all of us, not just the wealthiest people.
It is time to make public colleges and universities tuition-free in the United States. 
Today’s vote to cap prison phone fees is a good step toward reforming our broken criminal justice system in America. 
What did I think of Larry David's impersonation? Well, I thought it was pretty, pretty, pretty good!
 “Lo que está pasando en Puerto Rico es una tragedia humana”
We must end outrageously high prison phone call charges and ensure incarcerated individuals are able to connect with their families.
Yesterday's attack on Planned Parenthood in Claremont, NH, is nothing less than a violent assault on women’s health. These attacks must end.
To address the serious problems we face we need nothing short of a mass grassroots movement. Join me on October 28: 
There was a time when higher education was pretty close to free in this country, at least for many Americans. 
 Senator tonight on  
29 million Americans still have no health insurance. A Medicare for all system would guarantee health care as a right.
 Tonight: on Biden's decision ; his call for DOJ to look into what Exxon knew about climate change 
Tell me, future boy, who's President of the United States in 2017?"Bernie Sanders."Bernie Sanders?! From Vermont? 
 Backstage at  - NEW show tonight with  11:35|10:35c  
 Chopping it up With Bernie Sanders    
At a time when the rich are getting richer, Puerto Rico now has more income inequality than any U.S. state. That is unacceptable.
I'll be on tonight! Tune in to at 11:35 EST.
"We need to commit to 16 years of free public education for all our children.” - Vice President Joe Biden
I also commend outlining of an agenda to make college free, fight economic inequality, close tax loopholes ; protect dignity for all.
I thank for his continued service to the nation and his support of the middle class.
I've got a message for corporate America: if you want us to buy your products, you better start producing them here in the United States.
If we could bail out Wall Street, we can make sure that every American can go to college without going into debt.
War must be the last recourse in international relations, not the first.
I am a candidate who will take on the pharmaceutical industry to demand that prescription drug costs in this country are reduced.
We need a progressive income tax so we don’t have a situation where billionaires end up paying an effective tax rate lower than nurses.
It is time to create an economy that works for all Americans, not just the people on top: 
 Bernie Sanders to feds: Investigate Exxon for climate change cover-up  
There is nothing democratic about the fact that billionaires spend as much money as they want to elect people who represent their interests.
  leads the pack in the new poll of New Hampshire Dems  
We should not be the only major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all of our people as a right.
The racist signs against in Lewiston have no place in our society. 
We are the only major country that does not provide paid family and medical leave. That is an international embarrassment.
We need to have one of the larger voter turnouts in the world, not one of the lowest. We need to raise public consciousness.
Thats why we're giving Martin Shkreli's $2700 to the community health center. Join us in giving here: 
At a time when 1-in-5 cannot afford to fill their prescription drugs, we need a president who will stand up to big pharmaceutical companies.
I want young people to be able to run for office and not have to beg for money from rich people and corporations.
Social Security is “Intended to keep seniors afloat... But they are not floating; they are sinking” - Nancy Altman. 
If the middle class of this country is gonna survive, we need some very profound changes in the way we do business in this country.
If we do not address the global crisis of climate change, the planet we’re leaving our kids and our grandchildren may not be habitable.
Do I consider myself part of the casino capitalist process by which so few have so much and so many have so little? No, I don't.
Our economic and political systems are stacked against ordinary Americans. The rich get richer and use their wealth to buy elections.
The fossil fuel industry is funding the Republican Party, a Party which denies the reality of climate change.
The way we determine increases in Social Security benefits for seniors is simply inadequate. 
New CNN poll reconfirms that we’re the strongest current Democratic presidential campaign against
New Franklin Pierce Boston Herald poll shows our campaign beating Hillary Clinton by double digits in NH: 
Nothing significant in this country happens in terms of change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place. 
Today, millions of hardworking people live in America with no hope of gaining the status to live and work here legally. That is wrong.
We need to end minimum sentencing. Too many lives have been destroyed for non-violent crimes.
You can’t solve problems unless you know what the issues are. 
We can live in a country where every senior can live in dignity and security, and not be forced to choose between their medicine and food.
Our job must be to expand, not cut, Social Security.  
The way you win elections is through a strong grassroots effort and that is exactly what we're going to do in Iowa. 
We need a rational immigration process, not the Republican alternatives of self deportation or some other draconian non-solution.
We're seeing a lot of working and young people getting engaged with our campaign. Politics is not a spectator sport. 
  in Iowa City: "Can you win an election without being beholden to billionaires. I think we can" 
Best line of the night: " check it out. It's a mess."  
 Bernie Gets It Done: Sanders' Record of Pushing Through Major Reforms Will Surprise You 
Must read from Bernie Gets It Done: Sanders' Record of Pushing Through Major Reforms Will Surprise You 
If you can believe it, the Republican budget throws 27 million off health insurance but gives $269 billion in tax breaks to the very rich.
 Bernie Gets It Done: Sanders' Record of Pushing Through Major Reforms Will Surprise You 
We must end programs that not only permit, but reward officials for seizing assets without a criminal conviction or other lawful mandate.
  " I have spent my life taking on the establishment. We need a political revolution." Agree? Call  NOW …
Billionaires already own much of our economy. That, apparently, is not enough. Now, they want to own the United States government as well.
The United States must lead the world in reversing climate change.
The Koch brothers will spend more money in this election cycle than either the Democratic or Republican parties. This is not democracy.
 The list of performers is growing for  concert next week 
  rechaza donación del jefe de firma que enfureció al subir precio de un medicamento  …
The U.S. remains the only major country that does not guarantee health care for all as a right. This is wrong and we are going to change it.
 What Could Raising Taxes on the 1% Do? Surprising Amounts    An example of how is setti…
As a result of the disastrous Supreme Court decision in the Citizens United case, the American political system has been totally corrupted.
We must demand that the wealthy and large corporations pay their fair share in taxes. Must read: 
 We'll speak w/ Sunday on  Tweet us your questions for him. 
It is unacceptable that senior citizens and disabled veterans will not be receiving a cost-of-living adjustment. 
 Thanks for joining us - we definitely   
Today it’s Wall Street’s turn to bail out the middle class.
Tune in to Real Time with tonight at 10 p.m. for a discussion on the issues facing our nation.  
We are experiencing a government of the billionaire class, by the billionaire class and for the billionaire class.
It's way past time that corporate America begin to create jobs in this country, not low-wage countries abroad.
 the truth about fossil fuels and climate change and lied to protect their business model at the expense of the planet.
Glad to see the canceling Arctic drilling leases. I've opposed harmful Arctic drilling for years. 
Our campaign is a People's Campaign. We don't have a Super PAC or rely on money from billionaires and corporations.
  warming to Sanders, cooling to Clinton    
 Bernie Sanders's plan to reform Social Security called 'quite mainstream' by bipartisan expert: 
It is a national disgrace that millions of full-time workers are are forced to work two or three jobs just to pay their bills.
I am running because I know we must change course now, or risk losing the future for so many to the interests of so few.
 Those words matter. 
It is unacceptable that millions of senior citizens and disabled veterans will not be receiving a cost-of-living adjustment next year.
The latest data found that 22 percent of males in prison were Hispanic and 37 percent were African American.  That is unacceptable.
It is no secret that the pharmaceutical industry has become a major health hazard to the American people.
Senior citizens spend a disproportionate amount of their income on health care and prescription drugs and those costs continue to skyrocket.
At a time when senior poverty is going up, our job must be to expand, not cut, Social Security. 
In my view, there is no justice when the 15 wealthiest people in America in the last 2 years, saw their wealth increase by $170 billion.
 Drug company CEO Martin Shkreli tried to donate to Sanders wasn’t interested  
The debate is over. Climate change is real. It is caused by human activity. It is already causing devastating problems around the world.
 Big stat from camp: Only 270 of 650,000 donors gave the maximum
  campaign: "We are not keeping the money from this poster boy for drug company greed." 
Are we prepared to take on the power of the billionaire class or will we continue to slide into economic and political oligarchy?
 Sanders has done something unusual for a Democrat: He's getting more Google interest than Donald Trump. 
It makes no sense that students and their parents pay higher interest rates for college than they pay for car loans or housing mortgages.
"I want to tell you the moment when, for me, Bernie Sanders won last night’s debate." -
Going to the big banks and saying “Please do the right thing!” is kind of naive. We have got to break up these too-big-to-fail banks.
 At fundraiser in LA, tells crowd his campaign has raised $2.5 million since the debate, according to pool repo…
What this campaign is about is whether we can mobilize our people to take back our government from a handful of billionaires.
Add your name to stand with me against the private prison system profiting from human suffering. 
 Presidential candidate​ is ready for his entrance onto my show.
 On my show tomorrow, Senator and presidential candidate Or, as I call him, Sandy. 
 Help Iowa  as a campaign organizer!  Apply here: 
It is wrong to profit from the imprisonment of human beings and the suffering of their families and friends.
 DC insiders think Bernie Sanders lost the debate. Here's why they might be wrong.  
This campaign is about the needs of the American people and the proposals that effectively address those needs.
  won the  according to the Internet  
When you look around the world, you see every other major country providing health care to all people as a right, except the United States.
I believe in a society where all people do well. Not just a handful of billionaires.
 Clinton had a great night, but Sanders winning the focus group and online polls, but losing the pundits is reminiscent of …
  explains why he supports  during   
No Republican or anyone up here can address these problems unless millions stand up to the billionaire class. 
Thank Bernie for his performance tonight and tell us the issues you care about most.  
Thank Bernie for his performance tonight and tell us the issues you care about most:  
"We need to rethink our criminal justice system." -Bernie 
  "Black lives matter."  
 And a reminder from earlier: More Americans currently support Sanders than Trump.  
Under a GOP majority in the House, Bernie was called the “amendment king” for passing more amendments than any other lawmaker. 
 Who is paying for Bernie's Campaign. The people of the USA not the 156 richest families in the USA. 
 Only non-billionaire candidate who does not have a super PAC.
Bernie introduced a bill to tax carbon and transform our energy system - the “gold standard” of climate legislation. 
  is right about Establishment and role of Big private money. He does NOT have a "super pac," DOES have huge numbe…
Our Q3 fundraising numbers are proof we can raise what we need to compete — and we’re doing it without begging millionaires or billionaires.
"The only way we transform America is through a political revolution." -Bernie 
Join the political revolution:  
"Sen. Sanders, you're the only one on this stage who voted against the Patriot Act." - 
Thank Bernie for his performance tonight and tell us the issues you care about most:  
Bernie's legislation would break up "too big to fail" banks. 
  “Necesitamos una reforma migratoria amplia para sacar a los indocumentados de las sombras”  
If you can believe it, in 2008 two men were indicted for enslaving farm workers in Immokalee, Florida 
We need immigration reform to make sure corporate America can't exploit vulnerable migrant workers. The 2007 bill didn't meet that standard.
Right now, billionaires pay the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118,500 a year. Bernie would lift this cap.
America should join Germany, Denmark, Mexico and other countries in providing tuition-free public college. 
In the 1800s we made public elementary and high schools free. Now we need to make public colleges tuition-free. 
 "In my view, Congress does not regulate Wall Street; Wall Street regulates Congress." – 
Add your name if you agree the American people are sick of emails -    
Clinton cabinet member Robert Reich compares Wall Street plan and Bernie's: 
“The American people are sick of hearing about your damn emails, -Bernie 
Remember when Bernie led the fight in 1999 against repealing Glass-Steagall and deregulating Wall Street? 
Best line of the night: “The American people are sick of hearing about your damn emails, 
 Congrats Achievement Unlocked: Plays Well With Others!   
If we all chip in, there's no limit to what we can accomplish together. Donate today:  
Bernie passed $3.2 billion in the Senate to fund efficiency upgrades for more than 86k buildings + install more than 9,500 solar systems.
 Nicely done by Bernie: "When I was a young man, I strongly opposed the Vietnam war, not the brave men like Jim Webb who fough…
Bernie voted against the Iraq War - one of the worst foreign policy disasters in American history 
If we all chip in, there's no limit to what we can accomplish together. Join us.  
Way back in 2002: Bernie votes no on the Iraq War. Watch his speech:   
"I believe in a society where all people do well, not just a handful of billionaires." -Bernie 
The audience here at  is responding to Bernie's message. Watch them greet Bernie with wild applause:
Notice how all the other candidates are starting to sound like Bernie Sanders? 
Happening now: more than 100,000 Bernie supporters are gathering at 4,000+ debate watch parties.
I've said it since day one: I can't do it alone. Join the conversation with  
Endorse our progressive platform ahead of tonight's debate.  
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the U.S. government. Sign if you agree:  
We must overturn Citizens United. Sign if you agree -  
We can stop the youth unemployment crisis by creating 1 million new jobs. Sign if you agree:   
What this campaign is about is a very radical idea: we're going to tell the truth. 
  supporters outside the Wynn in Vegas  
We're sending FREE Bernie stickers to any supporter who wants one. Get yours now ;  
We need a movement which takes on the economic establishment, not one which is part of it. 
  is the  choice!   
Tonight is the first  Attend a debate watch party near you:  
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the US government. Sign if you agree -  
We must oppose the  It will kill American jobs by shifting work overseas. Add your name if you agree: 
We must oppose the  It will kill American jobs by shifting work overseas. Add your name if you agree: 
Wish Bernie good luck before tonight's debate and sign our card:    
The issue of wealth and income inequality is the great moral, economic and political issue of our time. And we will address it.
Endorse our progressive platform ahead of tonight's debate.  
We must overturn Citizens United and move toward public funding of elections.  
Endorse our progressive platform ahead of tonight's debate.  
This campaign is about the needs of the American people, and the ideas and proposals that effectively address those needs. 
Will you join our political revolution? Contribute before tonight's debate    
Will you join our political revolution? Contribute before tonight's debate   
This campaign is sending a message to the billionaire class: “you can’t have it all.”  
Join our campaign to stand up for higher wages for American workers.  
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government. 

Today in America, shamefully, we have more people in jail than any other country on earth. 
We must recreate our criminal justice system, but we cannot do that as long as corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration.
Since I have been an elected official, I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power, and to take on the ruling class.
It is totally crazy to think Keystone XL won’t harm our planet. Sign now if you agree:  
Join Bernie's campaign to stand up for higher wages for American workers.  
No more sending American jobs overseas. Add your name today to stop the   
We must oppose  It will kill American jobs by shifting work overseas. Add your name: 
If it's too big to fail, it's too big to exist. That's the bottom line.  
I introduced legislation in Congress that would break up too big to fail banks. Add your name to show your support: 
 Bernie Sanders' most trusted confidant readies for the national stage. My profile of Jane Sanders w/ 
We must ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty. Sign if you agree, let's raise the minimum wage to $15/hr: 
Working families should not live in poverty. Raise the minimum wage to $15/hr.  
Think big, and not small. When we stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish.
  inspired 20,000 people in Boston for 80 mins. How? A video analysis  ht…
 Rep. hands his second congressional endorsement:  (Getty) 
This is a people's campaign. You, brothers and sisters, are part of a political revolution.
 WATCH LIVE: Sanders set to speak at N.H. event presented by The Hill  
This is a rigged economy—heads they win, tails you lose. We are going to change that economy.
Veterans put their lives on the line to defend us. We are not going to turn our backs on them.
Join Higher Ed for Bernie—a coalition of faculty, students, staff and parents supporting Bernie 2016.
If you’re serious about climate change, you don’t encourage the excavation and transportation of some of the dirtiest oil in the world.
I have opposed Keystone from day one. The Keystone pipeline would transport millions of gallons of some of the dirtiest oil on our planet.
We need a revolution in mental health delivery in this country so people can get the help they need when they need it.
We will no longer tolerate CEOs and managers who intimidate or threaten pro-union workers.
It is not acceptable that Latinos make up more than 16% of our population but have only 2.2% of the nation’s wealth.
 TOMORROW: joins on    
We need to look at mandatory minimum sentencing and give judges more flexibility when there are issues of drug abuse or addiction.
Shamefully, the  would allow large corporations to continue to pad their profits by exploiting some of the world's poorest workers.
This campaign is about returning to a government of the people, by the people and for the people.  
Watch  live here: 
 This is what thousands of political revolutionaries look like.    
 Crowd in Boulder swollen now to several 1000s for - mostly young students  
Jason Simcakoski Memorial Opioid Safety Act — very important bipartisan work indeed. 
Join other  supporters in thanking for his endorsement: 
I’m excited to be speaking in Boulder in a couple of hours to discuss rebuilding our middle class.   
Five major reasons I opposed the war in Iraq:
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118,500 a year.
 Casi 50% de los fondos de la contienda presidencial han provenido de sólo 158 familias. Eso ES una oligarquía.
 SUNDAY on joins ahead of the 1st Dem debate. PREVIEW:  
At a time when millions cannot afford the prescription drugs they need, we need a leader at the FDA who will stand up to big pharma.
We will no longer tolerate CEOs who threaten to move plants to China if their workers vote in favor of a union.
These are American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home.  
"Nuestra misión y la misión de la campaña es muy sencilla: justicia e igualdad." - Rep. Raúl Grijalva
 "Don't give up" - says ten year old Dreamer Bobby DeLarosa  
 The backdrop crowd is on stage for rally in Tucson.  
 Huge crowd for rally.  
We want police departments that look like the communities they are serving.
 Not your usual opening band for Bernie Sanders: Mariachi Rayos Del Sol from Tucson. 
 Crowds all lined up to see in Tucson, AZ 
Me entusiasma mucho estar en Tucson con para conversar hoy sobre los graves problemas que afectan al país. 
We will not tolerate CEOs who fire workers for exercising their constitutional right to form a union.
If we are serious about rebuilding the middle class, we have got to substantially increase the number of union jobs in this country.
Millions of Americans who today want to join unions are unable to because of the coercive and often illegal behavior of their employers.
I'm going to do all I can to defeat the  in the Senate. We need trade policies that benefit American workers, not just corporate CEOs.
I’m excited to be speaking in Tucson with today where we will discuss the major issues facing our country. 
My view is that a woman has the right to make decisions regarding her own body, not the United States government.
 Less than 12 hours until my endorsement rally with in Tucson. Be there!  
Social Security has not contributed one dime to the national debt or deficit. 
Drug abuse or addiction are illnesses, not crimes, which means more mental health counseling rather than simply sentencing people to jail.
We need to take a hard look at the war on drugs and the number of non-violent offenders whose lives are destroyed by being sent to prison.
 TUNE IN SUNDAY: joins with   
Today we have a middle class which has all but disappeared over the past 10 years. Together, we can rebuild America for working families.
Three major drug companies made $45 billion in profit last year. That's obscene when millions of people can't afford drugs.
Higher education must be a right for all - not just wealthy families.
We need to move away from using war as a means to end problems.
Repealing Glass-Steagall and allowing commercial banks to merge with investment banks in 1999 was a huge mistake.
Many Republicans claim Social Security is “going broke.” They are dead wrong. 
La clase media está desapareciendo y la brecha entre los súper ricos y todos los demás está creciendo. ¡Esto debe cambiar!
It’s WRONG to profit from the imprisonment of human beings and the suffering of their friends and families. Plain and simple.
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now.
 ICYMI: is coming to Boulder on Saturday! Learn more here: 
Thank you to the 400+ founders of Iowa Women for Bernie from each of the 99 counties in Iowa. 
We must provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together.
There are over 11 million undocumented people in this country. We cannot turn our backs on them. 
In many cities all over our country, the incentives for policing are upside down. 
Tune in to on MSNBC tomorrow morning for an important discussion on the issues facing our nation.  
The TPP will make it easier for multinational corporations to degrade the global environment. We must defeat it. 
The disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement will hurt consumers and cost American jobs. 
Together we must end the distinction of the United States having more people in jail than any other country.  
I am honored to be speaking at the  Presidential Forum.  
 "One of the strengths of America is that we are a county of many nations and many languages " 
The failure to prosecute the crooks on Wall Street for their illegal behavior is a clear indictment of our broken criminal justice system.
Interested in working with Bernie 2016? We’re hiring across the country. Join the political revolution: 
 Joining us tomorrow... Tune into  6-9 AM ET 
To my Republican colleagues: If you don’t have the guts to defend your ideas in a free election, get another job.
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free. 
It is an outrage that not one major Wall Street executive has gone to jail for causing the near collapse of the economy.
We need a movement which tells Wall Street that when a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist.
We need a movement that tells corporate America and the wealthy that you will start paying your fair share of taxes.
We need a movement which takes on the economic and political establishment, not one which is part of it.
The more we raise public consciousness in this country the better we do and the better our nation does.
Millions of Americans who want to join unions are unable to do so because of the coercive and often illegal behavior of their employers.
 Sen. Sanders and Rep. Pocan Continue Washington-Led Fight for Workers' Rights 
The  wouldn't just hurt American jobs and lower wages. It poses a major threat to our environment as well. 
Our job is to make it easier for workers to join unions, not harder. 
 with middle class is disappearing bc almost all the wealth going to top 1%... 
 WATCH LIVE: proposes workers' rights legislation  - 
I’ve said it since day one: I can’t do this alone. Attend a debate watch party: 
You'll always know where I stand on bad trade deals. I voted no on NAFTA, CAFTA, PNTR w/ China and now I'll lead the effort to defeat 
Our campaign is the best suited to beat Republicans in key states in a general election. 
Free trade record:✓ NAFTA: loss of almost ¾ of a million jobs✓ PNTR w/ China: loss of almost 3 million jobs☐  let's not find out
When you talk about heroes and heroines, at the top of that list is the single moms of America.
De cada cinco estadounidenses, aproximadamente uno no puede llenar su receta por culpa de los altos costos.
New polls confirm what we've known for a long time -- we can win in both the primary and general elections. 
 Margaret Talbot examines the political rise of Bernie Sanders, in this week’s issue: 
As a kid I learned, in many, many ways, what lack of money means to a family. That’s a lesson I have never forgotten.
New NBC poll shows we're a better fit to beat the Republicans in key swing states. 
Wall Street cannot continue to be an island unto itself, gambling trillions while expecting the public to bail it out.
There are concrete steps we can take to lessen the number of tragedies and to make those that happen less lethal.
 What Told Facebook Fans 
Sin equivocación: autorizar el  dañará al consumidor estadounidense y destruirá empleos. Debemos detenerlo, juntos.
 A profile of Bernie Sanders written in the 1980s, as he got his start in politics  
Thank you to the 100's of volunteers who knocked on 17,317 doors in 64 Iowa counties this weekend. That's what this campaign is all about.
Wall Street and big corporations just won a big victory. Now it's on us to stop the  from becoming law.  
Add your name to stand with Bernie in our fight against the disastrous  trade deal:  
Make no mistake: if  passes, it will further hurt consumers and cost American jobs.  
We need to demilitarize local police departments so that they do not look like occupying armies.
 Sen. Bernie Sanders spoke to EBONY about where the Black voter fits into his plan  
This is a rigged economy. Heads they win, tails you lose.
The disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement that will hurt consumers and cost American jobs. 
It is time to stop letting multi-national corporations rig the system to pad their profits at our expense.  
Wall Street and other big corporations have won again: 
We need to end the tragic reality that a disproportionate number of those who are in jail are Hispanic and African American.
 On the success of with small donors: People are sick of big money politics.  
 Bernie Sanders's campaign revises crowd estimate for Boston rally up to 24,000, including overflow 
When we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish. But when we're divided, the big money interests will always win.
No president alone can effectively address the crises facing the working families of this country without a powerful grass-roots movement.
As a nation, our goal must be to do everything we can to create the conditions that prevent mass incarceration.
It’s time to expand Social Security to make sure that everyone in this country can retire with the dignity and respect they deserve.
  Boston rally was the third-largest one he has held this year  
I am asking people to be part of a political revolution to transform our country economically, politically, socially and environmentally.
  speaks to approx 20,000 inside Boston Convention Center Saturday pm and then another 4,000 outside. ht…
Boston, welcome to the political revolution.  
Billionaires: You cannot continue to get huge tax breaks while children all over this country go hungry.  
 "When you talk about heroines and heroes, at the top of that list has to be single mothers," in Boston …
Brothers, we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity for women!  
Let me be as clear as I can be: I don't have a super PAC, I don't want a super PAC, and I don't NEED a super PAC. 
"Bernie is that rare politician that says what he means and means what he says." -  
There is a lot of enthusiasm here in Boston, MA!  
 Outpacing Obama's small donor record, campaign shows that we are over PACs  
 The Bernie Sanders crowd in Boston, 40 minutes before the event starts. 
In my view, it makes more sense to invest in jobs and education than jails and incarceration.  
We must get private companies out of immigration detention and end the absurd quota on ICE to fill at least 34,000 beds on any given day.
Looks like Springfield, MA is ready for a political revolution.  
 "I will not stop until every public college and university is  free!"  
  "In the midst of an educational crisis, we don't fire teachers, we hire them!" 
58 percent of all new income since the Wall Street crash has gone to the top one percent.  
 "I don't represent the millionaires and the billionaires, and I don't want their money!!"  
Tune in now to catch introduction LIVE: 
 The crowd in Springfield, Mass on their feet chanting for to come onstage 
Looking forward to speaking today in Springfield and Boston, Ma.  
 This guy appears to have supporters in western Ma. Fun to be  in Springfield 
What we need is a national health care system that puts people ahead of profits and health ahead of special interests.
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount of money into Social Security as someone who makes $118,500 a year. It’s time for a change.
Republicans want the American people to believe Social Security is in crisis and must be cut. They are dead wrong.
This campaign is driven by issues and serious debate; not political gossip, not reckless personal attacks or character assassination.
All of these ideas, I knew in my heart, would resonate with the American people…. 
 Why The Washington Post's attack on Bernie Sanders is bunk, via  
What the Pope is saying in so many words is there is something very wrong in this world when so few have so much and so many have so little.
This campaign is not about Bernie Sanders or anyone else. This campaign is about the needs of the American people who are hurting.
I will be in Boston and Springfield, Massachusetts tomorrow. Join me:  
Women will live 12 years longer in Marin County, CA than in Perry County, KY. The reason? One county is wealthy, the other is poor.
What this campaign is about is bringing people together.
 How Bernie Sanders's tech volunteers code the Bern 
We have got to end the tragic reality that the United States of America has more people living in jail than any other country.
We need to get the government out of the business of profiteering off working class student debt.
What we've done together so far in this campaign isn't only extraordinary and unprecedented, it's transforming American politics. Thank you.
This campaign doesn’t take money from billionaires or Super PACs. I don't represent their interests and I don't want their money.
That is the nation we can build together. Join me in this campaign to build a future that works for all of us, and not just the few on top.
The right has claimed the mantle of “family values” for far too long. 
 Opinión: Altos costos de medicamentos están matando estadounidenses  por 
We can live in a country where every person who dreams of becoming a citizen has a rational path forward, not just a dark corner to hide in.
Tune in to NPR on your radio or listen live online here:  
Change takes place when people, by the millions, determine that the world they see in front of them is not the world that should be.
 Tomorrow, 10/9c, we're  with Join us! 
  campaigns says as of midnight they raised $26 million this quarter; $2.07 million online today. They ca…
 As of midnight, Sanders's campaign says it raised more than $2 million online Wednesday, bringing its total for the quart…
 A Sanders aide says the campaign has raised nearly $1.8 million online just today, with $230,000 of that coming in during…
We must overturn Citizens United if we are serious about maintaining the foundations of American democracy. Must read:
 Heading into primaries, Sanders raises more than $24 million in 3rd quarter, w/ 
We have a chance to send an unmistakable message about the size and strength of our campaign. Make a contribution: 
Big sale in the Bernie Store! 25% off all orders with discount code Twitter25. Shop now: 
 Today ; I are proposing fair rates for all inmate calls ;  end costly fees that keep families from staying …
Every other major country on earth regulates the price of prescription drugs. We don’t. That has got to end. 
Our deadline is tonight at midnight!   Donate $100 on Act Blue Express:   
Check it out! Our friends Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield stopped by for a visit: 
Our  is unprecedented. Donate on Act Blue Express before midnight:  
Our FEC deadline approaches! Can we count on you? Donate now through Act Blue Express:  
We are sending a message to the billionaire class: your greed is going to end and we're going to end it for you.
Contribute $24.68 - our average contribution - on ActBlue Express before tonight's deadline!  
Contribute $23.68 - our average contribution - on ActBlue Express before tonight's deadline!  
Our deadline is tonight! Make an average contribution on Act Blue Express of $24.68:  
Almost all new income and wealth is going to the top one percent. Corporate greed is destroying our economy.
Today is a very important day for our political revolution. Can I count on you to make a contribution right now? 
If we don't allow our opponents to divide us, if we stand together and are united, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish.
Quiero agradecer a todos los subscriptores de que me enviaron cientos de preguntas. Léelas aquí: 
 Esto respondió acerca del acceso a la salud durante nuestro Q;A:   
 Esto respondió al preguntarle acerca de la ´Guerra contra las Drogas´  
 El precandidato continúa respondiendo tus preguntas en nuestro Q;A:   
 ¿Qué le quieres preguntar a Haz tu pregunta ya en  
We cannot continue to run an economy where millions are made so vulnerable because of their undocumented status.
The American people are sick and tired with establishment politics, with establishment economics and with establishment media.
We're going to win by having the strongest grassroots organization that anyone has seen. But I need your help: 
 ¿Qué le preguntarías a Te esperamos HOY a las 7pm ET/4PT en   
Today we have cities across America who have made their minimum wage $15 an hour. I’m going to do my best to make that nationally.
I want to see our country have one of the highest voter turnouts in the world, not one of the lowest.
I  These attacks come from those who simply don’t believe women have a right to control their own bodies. I disagree. 
Change never takes place from the top down. It always takes place from the bottom up. 
The Establishment may not be happy to hear it, but this campaign is on the move - and on the road to victory.
We pay by far the highest price in the world for prescription drugs. That's just a fact. We are getting ripped off left and right.
Estaré respondiendo tus preguntas en español mañana a las 7:00pm ET, en la página de Facebook de Univisión.
This campaign is about bringing people together to demand that our government represents all of us and not just a handful of billionaires.
A life-saving drug does no good if the American people cannot afford that drug.
Estaré respondiendo tus preguntas en español mañana a las 7:00pm ET, en la página de Facebook de Univisión. 
Unlike virtually every other campaign, we don't have a Super PAC which collects money from billionaires and corporations.
We need the idealism and the energy and the intelligence of millions of young people to join us. Must read: 
I ask you as young people to stand up and be leaders in this country.
Excited to be speaking at the Institute of Politics at my Alma Mater. Watch Live:   
In many states, it is legal to deny someone housing for being transgender. That is wrong and must end.
 Didn't get a ticket to the sold-out event at 12:15p ET, 11:15a CT? Watch a live webcast at 
We live in the one of the wealthiest countries on earth, yet children go hungry and veterans sleep out on the streets.
 In Iowa this weekend, said it isn't enough that the economy has improved over the last seven years 
It's time to raise the minimum wage so that a minimum-wage job will lift a person out of poverty, not keep them in it.
 Excited to announce an event on Monday at 11:15a CT with RSVP at   
It’s time to end the morally repugnant practice that is profiting from imprisoning people. - Mason City, IA 
Private prison corporations and their affiliates do everything they can to make a buck off people in prison–and their families.
I'm profoundly disgusted by the racism addressed at the 11 million undocumented people in this country.
Our young people are our nation’s future, and it is time to give them the future they deserve. 
Incredibly, today in many states, it is still legal to fire someone for being gay. That is unacceptable and must change.
We must not condemn our youth to lives that are even harsher than those of their parents. - Des Moines Youth Summit 
This campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate; not political gossip, not reckless personal attacks or character assassination.
More than a third of senior citizens depend on Social Security for virtually all of their income. 
 Prescription drugs are so expensive that people die waiting to get them  
American democracy is not about billionaires buying elections or trying to buy elections.
 says that free education would put America on parallel with other industrial countries. 
  estará respondiendo tus preguntas el 29 de septiembre en  
I'll be joining CBS' this morning. Check local listings and tune in.
Congress does not regulate Wall Street; Wall Street regulates Congress. But the time has come to say enough is enough!
Catch me on tomorrow morning for a discussion on the important issues facing our great nation. 
  estará respondiendo preguntas el 29 de septiembre en   
We’re not going to be breaking up families. We’re going to be uniting families. 
As President, my trade policies will break that cycle of agreements that enrich the few at the expense of working people.
 "If we stand united, there is nothing we can't accomplish!" tells crowd at Latino fest  
Honored to be speaking today at the Iowa Latino Heritage Festival.  
 We are not going to be breaking up families, of his immigration plan at Iowa Latino  heritage festival 
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it. 
 Coming up on Sunday: will 
 ICYMI: w/  on his love of music and why he's supporting   
One out of every five senior citizens is trying to scrape by on an average income of just $8,300 a year. 
Climate change is a planetary crisis. We have to act now, and we have to act boldly.
Enough is enough. 
Through good times and bad, Social Security has paid every nickel owed to every eligible American. 
Social Security has not contributed one penny to the deficit. It is the most successful government program in our nation's history.
I am honored to be speaking at the Annual Banquet tonight.  
We need to provide a way out of jail back into society and we need to take a hard look at the war on drugs.
We must provide legal status to the undocumented. We need comprehensive immigration reform, and we need a path towards citizenship.
  estará respondiendo tus preguntas en español el martes 7:00pm ET   
There are some 11 million undocumented people in this country, living in fear of deportation and often exploited economically.
Can't and the GOP run a campaign without attacking African Americans, Latinos, Muslims or other people?
Pathetic. wants more tax breaks for his billionaire friends while cutting help for working people. 
In my view, health care is a right and not a privilege. 
We should expand DACA to include the parents of citizens, parents of legal permanent residents, and the parents of DREAMERs.
Imposing an excise tax on health plans would be a disaster for millions of middle class Americans. Must Read: 
This is a party whose ideology is way out of touch with the American people.
It appears that even a conservative speaker like John Boehner is unable to control the extreme right-wing drift of Republicans in the House.
America must defend freedom at home and abroad, but we must seek diplomatic solutions before resorting to military action.
 Poll: Sanders surges past Clinton in New Hampshire  | Getty 
If a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist. Period. 
Let me tell you something about our country that the koch brothers don't want you know… 
What the pope has been saying in a very profound and deep way is that casino-type capitalism is causing devastating problems.
We must hold the pharmaceutical industry accountable when they defraud the American people. 
I knew from an early age which side I am on
I oppose tying comprehensive immigration reform to unrealistic and unwise border patrol proposals like the building of a border fence.
  one of "great moral and religious leaders of our time"   
In citing Dorothy Day, the pope gave us a wonderful example of the never-ending struggle for justice in our country and the world.
Join me on MSNBC's for a discussion on Pope Francis' address to Congress.
The pope is right in saying all of us must address the grotesque income and wealth inequality we are seeing throughout the world.
It makes no sense to me that the United States of America has more jails and prisons than colleges and universities.
 10 times and Pope Francis sounded alike   
Will you make our 1 millionth online contribution? Chip in $5 today ahead of our FEC deadline:  
Will you make our 1 millionth contribution? Chip in $5 today:  
Help us reach our goal of 1 million online contributions before our next FEC deadline!  
Help us reach our goal of 1 million online contributions before our next FEC deadline!  
"Get in on the love train. That’s what Bernie Sanders’ campaign is.” -
Thousands of people die every single year because they don't have health insurance. But the media doesn’t cover that. That ain’t big news.
No one, in my view, should be allowed to profit from putting more people behind bars. We must put an end to this shameful industry.
 Senator explains why he is so excited about   
We have the moral responsibility to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels.  
The United States is experiencing a major human tragedy. We have more people in jail than any other country on earth. 
America is a nation of immigrants and we should pursue policies that recognize the value of our immigrant brothers and sisters.
We must rein in the National Security Agency and end the bulk collection of phone records of virtually all Americans. 
Access to health care is a human right, and that includes access to safe and affordable prescription drugs. 
 "He has a very, very progressive agenda" -- joins to weigh in on the  
The debate is over. Climate change is the greatest environmental crisis facing this planet.
"Time... seems to be running out; we are not yet tearing one another apart, but we are tearing apart our common home." -
I’ll be on coming up on Tune in!
In America, we should be celebrating our democracy and participating in the political process. Register to vote: 
 Don't miss on All In tonight!   
 BTW, if the question was who was first major politician to oppose  the answer would be in Sept of...2…
To those who celebrate, may you have a reflective Yom Kippur and may your name be inscribed in the Book of Life.
 Tonight: on the latest outrage over drug prices and his bill that would reform drug pricing. (Also: his tho…
These organizing efforts we've seen sprouting across the country are nothing short of extraordinary.  
I’m glad that finally has made a decision on the Keystone XL pipeline and I welcome her opposition.
  rallies striking federal workers in nod to Pope  
I welcome Pope Francis to the US. It is important for all of us to understand fully his call for social and economic justice. 
The decision to end a pregnancy should be made in consultation with a doctor without interference or judgment from politicians.
Republicans should stop politicizing the right of women in this country to control their own bodies.
The Walton family owns more wealth than the bottom 40 per cent of the American people. That is profoundly wrong.
 10 Times Bernie Sanders and Pope Francis Sounded Alike  
This should not be happening in the United States of America – but it is. Must read: 
Pope Francis has forcefully reminded us that greed, and the worship of money, is not what human existence should be about.
Coming up next! I’ll be on the with Tune in now. 
We must not only enact a national health care program, but also implement prescription-drug policies that work for everybody.
We need a political movement which is prepared to take on the billionaire class and create a government which represents all Americans.
 Tonight's  The only place you will find saying "on fleek." 
Are you an artist or cultural leader supporting our campaign? Add your name: 
  questions drug price spike  | AP Photo 
Catch me on the on tonight at 11:30/10:30c 
Saw the GOP debate. They forgot to tell us when Bush left office our financial system was on the verge of collapse.
 Why Bernie Sanders wants to make prescription drugs cheaper  
I am prepared to take on powerful special interests which wield enormous power over the economic and political life of this country.
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs. We need to invest in infrastructure, not more war.
We need a movement that takes on the political establishment, not one that is part of it.
This is a people’s campaign and we will win or lose based on the support we get from working people and the middle class.
 TONIGHTLY: shares soul food w/ 11:30/10:30c on 
I want our country to have the distinction of having the best educated population on earth.
 Bernie Sanders: A Moment of Truth for Democrats  via
What you’re part of tonight is the largest turnout for any presidential candidate in New Hampshire. Must read:  
In my view, some of the real heroines in our country today are single moms.
 In Portsmouth, N.H., Bernie Sanders decried Ben Carson's remarks this morning about a Muslim president. 
Some people say young people are apathetic. It sounds to me like you are ready to transform America! 
 This crowd in Durham is fired up -listen to them cheer as talks abt income inequality   h…
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick.  
 Sen. takes the stage at to a capacity crowd at the Field House.  
 Almost ready for a town hall meeting here at the  Field House.   
Inspiring to hear folks are excited for tonight's town hall. Looking forward to a great discussion.  
I can tell you that many seniors are struggling. 
 Looks like the crowd is lined up all the way down past the football field for Better hurry! 
 UNH prepares for presidential candidate Bernie Sanders  
 Ahead of  speech, opens campaign office in   
ICYMI: I addressed the New Hampshire Democratic Party state convention. Watch more here: 
People should be elected to office based on their ideas, not their religion or the color of their skin.
It took us too long to overcome the prejudice against electing a Catholic or an African-American president.
I am very disappointed that Dr. Carson would suggest that a Muslim should not become president of the United States.
When you ask Republicans: “What happens to 27 million Americans with no health insurance?” They have no response.
  "Republicans say women in America don't have the right to control their own bodies. I disagree." 
I will fight for twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave. 
 Bernie Sanders in Seabrook: This campaign is not about how well I am standing in polls, although thank you NH, we are doing …
One of my highest priorities has been ensuring that our veterans receive the care and benefits they have earned. 
 Today's A1: Are Democrats and Republicans talking about the same country? Last week highlights gulf on issues 
I prefer the term “progressive” and I’ll tell you why. 
We must continue the fight to strengthen the Postal Service. 
 What Bernie Sanders means by ‘democratic socialism.’ (You still have your choice of pajamas.) 
 Pres: has been an outspoken champion of postal customers, postal workers and the public Postal …
We need comprehensive immigration reform with a pathway to citizenship for the 11 million undocumented people in our country.
 Other Democrats may soon be playing second fiddle to Bernie "first fiddle" Sanders.   
I am the only presidential candidate who will tell you this simple truth...
Instead of cutting benefits for our veterans, we must ask the largest corporations and the wealthiest among us to pay their fair share.
We have a moral obligation to provide the best quality care to those who put their lives on the line to defend us. 
 NH branch of endorsed at his Manchester office today, saying he is “a forceful advocate for …
We will win because we are going to create an unprecedented grass-roots movement for real change in this country. 
‘I’m totes voting for Bernie’ totes are here! Get them now: LINK
‘I’m totes voting for Bernie’ totes are here! Get them now: LINK
‘I’m totes voting for Bernie’ totes are here! Get them now: LINK
There is nothing that is more important than passing on a Mother Earth that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandchildren.
We will win in 2016 based on the support we get from working people and the middle class.  
I know which side I am on. I am a proud progressive, prepared to stand with the working families of this country. 
 2016 News: arrives at convention to thunderous applause from supporters   
 Senator from the next-door state of VT is giving his speech now to a packed crowd here in NH!   …
New Hampshire plays a unique role in the American political process. Watch my remarks to the NHDP live here: 
Looking forward to speaking at the New Hampshire Democratic Party Convention   
Join me tomorrow at the  Field House for a town meeting at   
We should sign into law the DREAM Act to allow young American men and women to legally be in the country they know as home.
I don’t support the agenda of corporate America or the billionaire class. 
  The rare candidate willing to take a stand on issues that matter, and the ones that don't. 
Grab your union made, union printed and Made in the USA mug from the Bernie store: 
 enjoy your  mug! Caution: contents may cause a political revolution.  
About to go on the Tune in now and watch!  
Grab a cup of ☕️ ; watch Shop our store now:  
Coming up! Catch me on the for an interesting discussion! 
Caution: Contents May  Get your Bernie Mug in store today!  
 Bernie Sanders aims to make the prison system more humane  
Tune in tonight at 11:35pm EST to the 
 Tonight on  and the director and leads of That’s going to be s…
The debate is over. Climate change is real and caused by human activity. It's already causing devastating problems around the world.
I don’t represent the interests of the billionaire class. Must Read:  
 Some people just think they can park their car anywhere. 
Private prisons are not cheaper, they are not safer, and they do not provide better outcomes for either the prisoners or the state.
Over 125 Artists, Musicians ; Cultural Leaders unite for Bernie! See the list and join us at 
Dear Urbandale HS students: Sorry I can't make the  Hope you have fun at homecoming and I'd love to visit your school soon.
"I’m totes voting for Bernie" totes are here! Get them now: LINK 
Join me tonight by tuning in to the on CBS! 
We need a movement which tells the Koch brothers and the billionaire class that they cannot continue to buy candidates and elections.
Today's House vote to defund is nothing more than a right-wing attack against women. Part of a war we won't let them win.
The ridiculous arrest of Ahmed and awful comments at rally show us we must stand strong against anti-Muslim bigotry.
  This guy is for real. 
  introducing in NYC 
Congress bailed out Wall St. because it was too big to fail. In my view, if a bank is too big to fail, it's too big to exist. Break 'em up.
I don’t take corporate PAC money, and if, by some accident, some company sent us money, we would send it back—absolutely.
Let’s stop the racism. Let’s stop the xenophobia.
This nonsense has got to end.
Trump must apologize to the president and American people for continuing the lie that the president is not an American and not a Christian.
 I don’t want a super PAC… I don’t represent millionaires, I don’t want their money. -- on campaign fundi…
In my view, health care is a right and not a privilege. 
 Presidential candidate joins us now on  
At the end of the day money doesn’t always win. And what this campaign is showing is that millions of people agree. 
We need to provide a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented immigrants in our country and we need to keep families together.
I will be joining Rachel tonight. Tune in at 9PM EST.
 Some guy from Vermont is on the cover of Time   
Like any other public official, when a police officer breaks the law, that officer must be held accountable.
The American people are sick and tired of politics as usual and negative campaigning. 
Health care as a right is is not utopian. It is not ‘high in the sky’ thinking. In fact, every other major country already does it.
 Everyone's panicking about $18Trillion spending plan, but guess what: it's actually pretty affordable 
 Very happy that will be here tonight -- live and in person -- for The Interview. MSNBC 9pm ET.
We have got to end the private prison racket in America.
What I beg of you is to think big, not small. We can end the tragedy that is 29 million Americans living without health insurance.
We cannot fix our criminal justice system if corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration. 
The very rich get richer, everyone else poorer. And Republicans who take campaign money from billionaires have nothing significant to say.
 This week's cover 
 Bernie Sanders won the  for the second time in a row:  
 The biggest Facebook post about last night's  came from 
We take from the poor and we give to the rich – that is the Republican philosophy.
  won the second Republican debate just by subtweeting it 
 TIME’s new cover: Bernie. How he brought fire back to the Democratic Party 
We are going to make public colleges tuition-free and substantially reduce student loan debt in America! 
  slams GOP for not addressing climate change, childhood poverty, racial justice  
  "Remarkable" that GOP candidates attribute every problem to 
 What topics should the candidates have addressed in the  weighs in. 
 Coming up on  talks to and about the  
 ¿El ganador de del debate republicano? Para mi debido a esto: 
Thank you all. I've had it. I'm going home. Talk to you soon. 
 With the 1000 mile  ending in DC today, this seems like the right time to ask candidates about the Voting R…
Does anyone know... when will this debate finally end? 
What about the disastrous Supreme Court decision on Citizens United allowing billionaires to fund and the others. 
Yes George W. Bush — gave us Iraq war, Wall St crash — was one of our great presidents. You are right. 
Just what we need. More neocon policies to continue the Bush legacy. 
 That was sarcasm, by the way.
Yup. Bush was a great president. Yes. No doubt. Great president. All Obama's fault. 
 - yes. Let's continue the great ideas that got us into Iraq. Fine idea.  
Okay. Let's vote for Reagan. Sounds better than any of these guys.  
Have you heard anyone use the word "poverty" yet? 47.7 million Americans living in poverty. No discussion. 
The American people overwhelmingly want to raise the minimum wage to a living wage. Too bad, the Republicans don't. 
 - wrong. We've lost millions of jobs because of our disastrous trade policies. 
At a time of great inequality, there isn't one R on stage who doesn't think we should give huge tax brks to billionaires. 
 So wants a big fight over defunding I say: 
Jobs. Let's talk George W. Bush and trickle down economics. When he left office, we were losing 800k a month.  
Vast majority understand we need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage. Is there any R who agrees? Will they discuss? 
Anyone on the stage, maybe just maybe, think we might want to pass comprehensive immigration reform and a path toward citizenship? Anyone?
Watching  makes it clear we need a progressive in the Join the political revolution: 
Rich get richer. Median fmly income $5k less than in 1999. One of the highest rates of childhood poverty. Any discussion? 
Rich get richer. Everyone else gets poorer. And all these guys can talk about is war and defunding Planned Parenthood. 
Waiting, waiting, waiting. Will we hear anything about racial justice, income inequality or making college affordable? 
Trump: "I will take care of women." Really? What about respecting the right of women to control their own bodies? 
Does anyone on that stage believe the women of this country have the right to control their own bodies? Anyone? 
Kasich. You don't know ANYBODY who doesn't think we should defund Planned Parenthood? Really? You apparently don't know the American people.
Watching  makes it clear we need a progressive in the Join the political revolution: 
Does anybody on the stage believe that our gay brothers and sisters have the same rights as the rest of us? Anybody? 
War, war, war. When do we get to their other major priority: tax breaks for billionaires? 
Watching  makes it clear we need a progressive in the Will you join the political revolution? 
Can these guys talk about anything other than their desire to go to war? 
Still waiting. Will they ever talk about climate change as a foreign policy issue? Or talk about it all? 
Gee. How come these guys are not talking about the great "success" of Bush's foreign policy and the war in Iraq? 
Now we're really getting to the Republican talking points. More money for war and confrontation. 
Kasich: "Let's get to issues." How about income inequality, climate change and childhood poverty? Think they'll discuss? 
Trump. What a pleasant and humble person. Can't stop saying kind and generous things about his fellow Republicans. 
30mil Americans have no health insurance. Even more underinsured. And Trump wants to get rid of Obamacare. Really? 
Rubio knows California has a drought. Will he have the courage to connect that to climate change or reject the science? 
As a result of Citizens United, billionaires are now controlling our politics. Will any R support the overturn? Let's see. 
At a time when media looks at politics like a baseball game, will the serious issues be discussed tonight? Let's see. 
Live-tweeting the debate starting now.  
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government.  
This campaign is sending a message to the billionaire class: “you can’t have it all.” 
 "Millennials Feel the Bern"  reports
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed.
It makes no sense that students and their parents pay higher interest rates for college than they pay for car loans or housing mortgages.
 Bernie Sanders ratchets up knocks on pro-Clinton super PACs - My story: 
I hope Americans don't forget that when President Bush left office we were hemorrhaging 800,000 jobs a month.
The Koch brothers are prepared to spend $889 million this election to end Social Security and dismantle our safety net. We can't let them.
We're going to move to public funding of elections so candidates don't have to beg the wealthy and powerful for money when they want to run.
We stand with against attacks by David Brock, head of HRC super PAC. 
When workers have unions, they have a clear path to getting health care, sick days, basic safety precautions, and better pay.
Live-tweeting tonight’s  starting at 8 p.m. ET. 
It's time to break up the banks. Their casino-style gambling has helped divert 99 percent of all new income to the top one percent.
 No, Bernie Sanders is not going to bankrupt America to the tune of $18 trillion: 
Some people told me that no one would watch an eight-minute long video on income and wealth inequality. Let’s see. 
  officially opens Manchester HQ Sat. On Sun, he'll open Portsmouth office at 235 West Road, Ste 10. 
I listened to what Bush and Cheney had to say about Iraq. I listened carefully, and I didn't believe them so I voted against the war.
I've got a message for corporate America: if you want us to buy your products, you better start producing them here in the United States.
Make the Super PACs pay for attacking us by making a $3 contribution to our campaign today: 
The success of our campaign has the billionaires' attention. Help us keep this election honest: 
Some of these people have marched, incredibly, with the for a thousand miles. 
We are a few steps from Arlington Cemetery where people fought and died for democracy, not to make it harder to vote. 
Savings for businesses under a Medicare-for-all program would be astronomical. U.S. companies would finally be on equal footing with Europe.
I will be there! MT Tickets on-sale TODAY for 2015 JJ Dinner on 10/24. Get yr tickets here:  
Overall health spending would go down by nearly $5 trillion under a Medicare-for-all program. Plus we'd save thousands of lives.
Virtually every campaign for president has a super PAC funded by millionaires or billionaires. Not me.
 Up WSJ shrieks "Sanders to spend $18 TRILLION!" The health system he'd replace spends $30 trillion 
We have the momentum. Let's keep it going! Contribute to our campaign today:  
Our nation spends more than any other on health care. We could be saving a lot of that money if we switched to a Medicare-for-all system.
There is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little.
Help Bernie take on the billionaire class. Join the  and contribute today: 
Make a contribution to our presidential campaign today. I can't wait to see what we will accomplish together. 
Help Bernie take on the billionaire class. Join the  and contribute today: 
We can create a nation in which our seniors live in dignity and security and are not forced to choose between food and medicine.
It is not utopian thinking to say that every man, woman and child should have access to health care as a right.
We have the momentum. Let's keep it going! Contribute to our campaign today: 
Today, people are walking into drug stores and finding that the prices of the medicine they've been using for years has gone up by 30-50%.
We are going to fight tooth and nail Republican efforts to suppress the vote. 
We have got to recognize that the United States has a major jobs crisis and that is why we need a major jobs program. 
The Republican candidates are saying that our gay brothers and sisters shouldn't have the right to get married. I disagree. 
It's a shame that we have more people in jail than any country on the planet — including communist China. 
 WATCH LIVE: holds a campaign rally in Manassas, Virginia:   
This great nation and its government belong to all of the people, and not to a handful of billionaires. 
 If you build it... I'm at the Bernie Sanders rally in Manassas and hundreds are lined up to get in 
When you have one family spending more in this election than either major political party, that is not democracy- that is oligarchy.
Workers have the constitutional right to form unions, collectively bargain and participate in the political process. 
Are you interested in working with Bernie 2016? We’re hiring for positions in Iowa, New Hampshire and other states! 
What a great nation is about is doing everything that we can to resolve international conflict without a war.
Let me tell you something about our country that the billionaire class doesn’t want you know...
 Sen. Bernie Sanders said the United States was founded on "racist principles" during a speech at Liberty University 
Thank you very much, Liberty University, for inviting me to be with you today.  
There is no justice in our country when youth unemployment exists at tragically high levels.  
How can we talk about morality when we turn our backs on the children of our country? 
It would be hard make the case that the United States today is a “just” society today. 
It is harder, but not less important, to try and communicate with those who do not agree with us on every issue.
Tune in for my remarks at the Liberty University Convocation here: 
  – LIVE shortly on C-SPAN  
It is important for those with different views in our country to engage in civil discourse. 
Too much attention is paid to political gossip and polls, not enough attention paid to the needs of working families.
 Bernie Sanders will speak at LU this morning at 10 a.m. We'll be streaming it live for you:  
The greed of the billionaire class is destroying this country and whether they like it or not we are going to stop that greed.
Word of the day: enthusiasm. 
Today, we stand here and say loudly and clearly: Enough is enough.  
 "There is something profoundly wrong when the top 1/10th of 1% owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90%," Sanders says.
We’re going to build a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back.  
Watch the Greensboro Rally live stream here:  
I am looking forward to discussing the serious issues of our time in Greensboro, North Carolina.   
 fired up 3,000 people in Rock Hill Saturday. Today he heads to Greensboro.   
Photo Gallery: The First 100 Days of the Bernie Sanders Presidential Campaign 
We must join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all people as a right!
There is a very profound disgust in this country at our current campaign finance system.
"The more people get to know Bernie the better they like him and what he stands for." -Michael Briggs, Comms Director 
 If you want to help Bernie win the First in the Nation Caucuses as a field organizer, now is the time to apply!  
  shows  in Iowa: tops at 43% 33% with at 10% 
The billionaire class cannot continue to send jobs overseas when millions of Americans need jobs. You can’t have it all!
Tune in to this morning where I’ll be talking with about the issues facing our nation. 
  looks to boost presidential prospects in key Southern state  via   …
We should not have more people in jail than any other country. We should have the best educated population. 
 "When we stand together as one people there is nothing we can't do"  
War Should Be the Last Option: Why I Support the Iran Deal 
...why I am opposed to giving the President a blank check to launch a unilateral invasion of Iraq. Must read: 
It's not a terribly radical idea that someone working 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty.  
 So what should I ask in my AMERICAN FORUM taping on Monday?
I am going to try my best to try to create a country in which children are not living in poverty. 
"What I love about brother Bernie is that he is a brother of integrity and honesty and decency." -
"Get in on the love train. That’s what Bernie Sanders’ campaign is.” - 
 Bernie Sanders is plotting path to nomination: staffing up, mapping delegates, getting real. Story w/ 
 Sanders: "If elected president, I will fight to make every public college and university tuition free."
 LIVE: takes the stage at town hall event in Columbia, South Carolina:  
 TOMORROW on joins live - tune in!     
I'm looking forward to discussing the major issues facing our nation with this weekend in SC  
You can’t have it all. You cannot continue to get tax breaks when people across this nation are going hungry.
South Carolina: Join me with for a town hall or rally near you today:  
Looking for the latest campaign news, updates and progression? Visit Democracy Daily: 
We need to create millions of decent paying jobs by rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure. I plan to do just that.
Brothers, we must stand with our sisters and demand pay equity so women doing the same work get the same salaries. 
 Photos: Bernie Sanders campaigns in Atlanta.  
I believe we should raise the minimum wage to at least 15 bucks an hour so people in this country are not living in poverty.
We are in need of a political revolution that says a billionaire class can't have it all. 
 Hotel staff tells me head count is 1,000+ event in  
 New details on how Bernie Sanders is plotting his path to the Democratic nomination, w
The crowd is starting to build up in Atlanta. It’s clear to me that the message is resonating across the country. 
It is unacceptable that total spending on medicine in the United States of America has gone up by more than 90% since 2002.
One out of five people in this country that get a prescription from a doctor cannot afford to fill that prescription. 
  wants to make public college tuition free for all Americans, and he wants Wall Street to pay for it
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free.  
What democracy is about is knocking on people’s doors and sitting down and talking to them face to face.
Wall Street's greed, recklessness, and illegal behavior drove this country into the worst recession since Great Depression.
We aren’t going back. Not only are we not going to retreat on women’s rights, we’re going to expand them. We’re going forward, not backward.
It's absolutely essential that we involve more people in the political process and we provide a voice for those people who have no voice.
We’ve gotta fight for a vibrant democracy, and for an economy that works for all people and not just a handful of wealthy people.
 Poll: lead over shrinks as her edge over GOP vanishes  
The American middle class, for the last 40 years, has been disappearing.
Tune in to on tonight for a great discussion on some of the issues facing our nation. 
We have got to do something bold about college tuition and debt. We bailed out Wall Street, now it’s Wall Street’s time to help us out.
  Do you really see yourself being president Increasingly, yes. 
 SUNDAY: on w - TUNE IN!     
A life-saving drug does no good if the American people cannot afford that drug. 
We have the lead in Iowa! Help us keep up the momentum. 
Thanks to the Bump, our “Feel the Bern” mug is now the number one selling item in our store. 
Don’t let anybody tell you that we’re radical, that we’re outside the mainstream. We are the mainstream. Must read: 
I don’t have a SuperPAC. I’m not gonna take money from billionaires. I don’t want their money. - on
The United States and the world have to be deeply committed to trying to bring stability to these countries stricken with refugee crises.
Tune in to now for a discussion on the issues facing our nation.  
 to 1995: "You have insulted thousands of men and women who have put their lives on the line.” 
 Sen joins me live today 1PM ET to discuss his dramatic surge in Iowa.  
Not only will I fight to protect working families, we’re going to build a movement of millions who are prepared to stand up and fight back.
Brothers and sisters: Now is not the time for thinking small. Enough is enough. This nation and its government belong to all of the people.
  edges 41% to 40% in a new Iowa poll  via 
Last year, 35 million Americans could not get their prescriptions filled because they could not afford it.
What good is it to live in the richest country on earth, if so many of our people cannot afford medications that could save their lives?
Corporations should not be allowed to lobby federal, state, and local governments to lock up as many people as possible.
ICYMI: Radio interview with at the Barley House in New Hampshire on Labor Day.  
I believe we have an obligation to pursue diplomatic solutions before resorting to military engagement. 
If the American people are not prepared to fight back, the dismantling of Social Security could begin in the very near future.
 Bernie Sanders came to the Barley House on Labor Day to participate in Pints and Politics. He discussed his... 
Those who have made every effort to thwart the diplomatic process, are the same who spoke out forcefully on the need to go to war with Iraq.
I voted against the war in Iraq.  Sadly, much of what I feared in fact did happen. I do not want to see it happen again. 
 Bernie Sanders stood up for gay soldiers — 16 years before "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" ended  
Photo Gallery: The First 100 Days of the Bernie Sanders Presidential Campaign 
Between our government’s unwillingness to negotiate prices and its failure to fight fraud, it’s no wonder drug prices are out of control.
We must end the mandatory quota of immigrants detained and require ICE to improve monitoring of detention facilities. 
The Koch brothers and their billionaire allies don’t just want to cut Social Security, they want to eliminate Social Security.
We need bold change in our criminal justice system. A good first step forward is to start treating prisoners as human beings.
 Baseball, cows and Willie Nelson: 11 photos on birthday  | Photo: Rob Swanson 
The Supreme Court's Citizens United decision opened the gates to a flood of billions of dollars that threatens to undermine our democracy.
 EXCLUSIVE interview w/Democratic Presidential Candidate ; . Newsy!  LISTEN 
As a nation, our goal must be to do everything we can to create the conditions that prevent mass incarceration. 
Today is Bernie’s birthday! Don’t miss out! Sign his card and send him a birthday wish! 
We need to end the tragic reality that the United States has more people in jail than any other country on earth. 
Want to work with Bernie 2016? We’re looking for organizers in various states across the country! Apply here: 
 In honor of his birthday, here's some real talk from Bernie Sanders  
Our drug costs are out of control because that’s the way the pharmaceutical companies want it.
 Tip: Add your birthday to your profile and 🎈 balloons 🎈 animate on your special day! Just like today. 
The Workplace Democracy Act will help our economy and rebuild the middle class. Show your support by adding your name 
A significant reason for the growing inequality in our economy is that the rights of workers to collectively bargain have been undermined.
 Bernie Sanders pulling in blue-collar workers in Iowa. Trade sticking point across state. Resonating. 
Americans pay the highest prices for prescription drugs in the world – by far.
  I donated because  defends  rights ; the middle class.  
Don’t forget: Today is Bernie’s birthday! Sign his card and share your birthday wish! 
Bernie's birthday is today! Help us celebrate by signing his birthday card!  
We must ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty. The current federal minimum wage is starvation pay and must become a living wage.
Today is Bernie’s birthday! Don’t forget to sign his card and send him a birthday wish! 
Working people and their unions fought for a more responsive democracy and built the middle class.
Almost all new income and wealth is going to the top, while millions of Americans work longer hours for lower wages. 
The time is long overdue for us to create an economy which works for the middle class of this country, and not just the 1 percent.
 Retweeted Channel 3 News  Day Parade with more ; 6 on   
It's a beautiful day out for our Concord, NH campaign office opening. 
 Who does and who doesn't have the jobs and money: A Labor Day index from Bernie Sanders  
What makes our campaign different is we’re doing this at the grassroots. 
We've got to end the embarrassment of being the only major country that does not guarantee paid leave to workers. 
This Labor Day let’s also honor the men and women who have fought for the rights of working people. 
 We stand with postal workers! Thanks to for letting organizers to march w/ you  
 Happy to report had the strongest showing at the  parade in Milford NH!  
The security and strength of a union job means that workers can have good pay, health care, and a voice at work.
 2016 Watch: covers at the Labor Day Breakfast   
Since I have been an elected official, I have used my influence to stand with those who have no power, and to take on the ruling class.
Against overwhelming odds, the men and women of the labor movement changed society for the better. 
I believe that at the end of the day when people come together, when people are united there is nothing, nothing, nothing that can stop us.
The only way we win this thing is when people come together. They have the money, they have the power, but we have the people.
Our job, as Americans, is to lead the world in transforming our energy system away from fossil fuel and into energy efficiency.
We have the moral responsibility to leave this planet in a habitable way for our children and our grandchildren.
Not only do we need to overturn Citizens United, but we also need to move to public funding of elections.
Over 100 years ago, workers in this country marched in protest for a 40 hour work week. 100 years later we still have not achieved that.
 Bernie up 9pts in NH, per new NBC/Marist poll:Sanders 41%Clinton 32%Biden 16%Webb 1%O'Malley 1%(In July, HRC 42%…
It is unacceptable that the typical male worker made $783 less last year than he did 42 years ago.
Must Read: “This country is made of all types of people not just the billionaires.”- 
We need to pass pay equity for women workers. Equal pay for equal work.
 Unlike Congress, Americans overwhelmingly support a paid vacation mandate for big businesses  w/
We must take corporations out of profiteering from jailing people across America. 
High gasoline prices have less to do with supply and demand and more to do with Wall Street speculators driving prices up. Enough is enough.
Being out on a picket line and standing with workers is something I have been doing for my entire life. 
 Bernie Sanders picks up megaphone, walks union picket in Cedar Rapids 
 There's something happening here... My take on Bernie Sanders setting the prairie alight in Iowa 
The sounds of tribal music and drums filled a school gymnasium at the Meskwaki settlement. 
Everybody knows that’s greed and everybody knows that greed is destroying the United States of America. 
  takes aim at  accuses him of ‘racism and demagoguery’ on  
Capping day two of a beautiful three-day swing through Iowa at a town hall at Coe College in Cedar… 
 WATCH LIVE: Bernie Sanders speaks at Iowa college: 
Today, we stand here and say loudly and clearly that; “Enough is enough." 
When only the wealthy were allowed to vote, the trade union movement was successful in demanding universal suffrage. 
  joins the picketers outside the Cedar Rapids plant  
I spoke with Ed Schultz today about the issues facing our nation. View the interview here: 
I think undocumented people are being used as a punching bag and I resent that. 
 TONIGHT at 7:30: Presidential candidate  chats on about the Democratic race, minimum wage. 
Want to work with Bernie 2016? We’re looking for organizers in various states across the country! Apply here: 
I’m honored to be speaking at the Meskwaki Nation Settlement to discuss the major issues facing our country. 
Before Social Security was established 75 years ago, more than half of our elderly population lived in poverty.
 Even in the smaller Iowa counties, drawing big crowds   
A single-payer system will be good for the average American, good for businesses, good for workers and good for our overall economy.
 It's no secret: "How Bernie Sanders' Online Army Is Using Reddit to Fuel His 2016 Campaign" on 
 Calling people by their names more personal than any other IA stop, speaks w/ 20+ Latinos in Muscatine 
  guide to viral graphics contrasting Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders  
We’re excited to welcome Lilia Chacon to serve as press secretary in Iowa.  
The American people must demand that their elected officials start protecting the interests of working families, not wealthy contributors.
Political consciousness is extremely low in this country—that’s a simple fact. We’re trying to change that. 
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should live in poverty.
You demand people to know my views and actually go to a meeting and argue about these things. I love that.  
Bernie’s birthday is September 8, and we’re asking his supporters to sign a card to celebrate.  
"A strong democracy – one that counts every vote – is fundamental to who we are as Americans.” - Larry Cohen. 
I support the call for justice. The Court turned back the clock on equality by striking a key provision of the Voting Rights Act.
I am not just asking for your vote, I am asking for you to get involved in a political revolution. Watch live here: 
Help us celebrate Bernie's birthday this Tuesday by signing a card for him!  🎉
 Sen. speaks in Grinnell today - venue moved outside to accommodate this event - it's 90 degrees out! 
 I embedded (digitally) with the developers and designers spending their off hours volunteering for 
Help us celebrate Bernie's birthday this Tuesday by signing a card for him! 🎉   
Bernie’s birthday is September 8, and we’re asking his supporters to sign a card to celebrate.  
Tomorrow is Bernie's birthday and we're asking his supporters to sign a card to celebrate!   🎉
Tomorrow is Bernie's birthday and we're asking his supporters to sign a card to celebrate!  🎉
"Fifty years after the Voting Rights Act, it shouldn’t be necessary to rally for our right to vote, but it is.” 
 A legion of tech volunteers are leading a charge for Bernie Sanders  
The cost of war is real. It is terrible.   I’ve talked to too many wounded veterans. War should be the last resort. 
 On foreign policy: Can't do it alone. Need coalitions, but efforts should be lead by countries in region. - 
People fought and died to allow ordinary people to make the decisions - not billionaires or millionaires. 
 How do you represent your people if you spend half your life calling people asking for money? --  
I’ll be speaking to the Des Moines Register Editorial Board this morning. Tune in live here:  
 The editorial board meets with starting at 11 a.m. Watch live here: 
The Voting Rights Act is a critical civil rights law that protects voters and is as necessary today as it was in the era of Jim Crow.
 Presidential Candidate Bernie Sanders to Visit Penford Products Union Members in Cedar Rapids, Iowa: In a sign... 
 Expecting big crowds, organizers move several Iowa campaign events 
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in, but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner.
People shouldn't have to go without the medication they need just because their elected reps. aren’t willing to challenge the drug industry.
 Bernie Sanders will be in Iowa tomorrow til Saturday - Grinnell, Ottumwa, Burlington, Muscatine, Meskwaki Nation, Ceda…
Each and every year corporations and the wealthy are avoiding more than $100 billion in U.S. taxes by sheltering their income offshore.
Republicans know that if they speak up, their contributions from the Koch brothers and big energy will be cut.
 The difference between Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders, according to Kareem Abdul-Jabbar 
Most of the jobs that are being created today pay less than most of the jobs that were lost during the financial crisis.
In my view, Republicans should worry more about their kids and grandchildren and the future of this planet than their campaign contributors.
Establishment politics, establishment economics and establishment media simply are not working for the American people.
We must not only enact a national health care program, but also implement prescription-drug policies that work for everybody.
Politicians who deny climate change is real, despite an overwhelming scientific consensus, are morally bankrupt.
Keystone XL would transport millions of gallons of some of the dirtiest oil on our planet.
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral, it is economically unsustainable.
Endorse Bernie's plan to take on Wall Street, break up the big banks, and restore sanity to our financial system. 
The typical middle class family has seen its income go down by nearly $5,000 since 1999 after adjusting for inflation.
 Down on Republicans and Democrats,  
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick.
 They call it Bern-Storming. How is capitalizing on the crowds. 
We must demand transparency from drug companies, who have concealed the true cost of their research and development. 
Since the implementation of NAFTA, almost 2 million small farmers have been displaced. 
Supporters of NAFTA told us that this it would increase the standard of living in Mexico. The opposite was true. 
Help Bernie Close the Gap in Iowa:  
Virtually every pharmaceutical company in America has either been convicted of fraud or has reached a settlement. 
We need to stand up and make it clear to the billionaire class that they cannot have it all.
Our drug costs are out of control because that’s the way the pharmaceutical companies want it. 
If you work 40 hours a week, you have a right not to live in poverty. 
For more than 80 years, Social Security has, in good times and bad, succeeded in keeping millions of senior citizens out of extreme poverty.
Tune in to for a discussion with happening now.
ICYMI: Whether the media likes it or not, this campaign will be about you, your kids, and your parents.
People don’t like the idea that politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money. 
  High drug prices are killing Americans  
This is a nation we can rebuild together, and I ask you to join me to build a future that works for all of us, and not just the few on top.
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral, it is economically unsustainable.
Must Read: "Hurricane Katrina and Bernie Sanders: From Neoliberal Disaster to ‘Political Revolution’"
 How an eccentric musician became one of biggest fans:  | Getty 
 Ben ; Jerry ice cream at the booth at Corn Feed. Unfair advantage  
American democracy is one person, one vote – with every citizen having an equal say – and no voter suppression.
People do not like the idea that our politicians have become dependent on billionaires and super PACs for money. 
This country and our government belong to all of us, not just a handful of very wealthy people. 
  isn't sure that Hillary Clinton can take on billionaires and says the "same old" won't cut it 
  is catching up to Clinton in a new Iowa poll- watch him live on  at 9a ET with 
We can live in a country where every parent can have quality and affordable childcare.  
 New  Hillary Clinton’s lead over Bernie Sanders narrows to 7 points:  
Tune in tomorrow morning to for a discussion on the issues facing our nation. Check local listings.
Breaking: New Iowa poll shows Bernie gaining ground on Clinton and within the margin of error. Visit 
“The more Iowans get to know Bernie the better they like him and what he stands for.” 
 New poll shows within striking distance of in Iowa 
Despite advances in civil and political rights, our country has a long way to go in addressing gender inequality. 
We need trade agreements that protect and benefit working families, not just the CEOs of large corporations.
Sorry to miss  with and today. We need to fix our broken immigration system: 
Thanks for the great summer meeting welcome. Together we’ll win the White House, the Congress and state houses across the U.S.
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness. It doesn’t have to be this way.
 Did you miss amping up the crowd at summer meeting? We've got the full video for you: 
 Bernie Sanders to DNC: You've got to change  | Getty 
 The small donors to are a refreshing break from egregious money bundlers.  
When a mother can’t spend time with her newborn during the first weeks and months of life, that is not family values. 
We will win in 2016 because we are going to create an unprecedented grassroots movement.  
"What good does it do to be the richest country in the world if you can’t afford to get a college education?” - Ben 
 We'll speak w/ Democratic presidential candidate Sunday on  
At a time of massive inequality, the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer.
 A exclusive interview: outlines his vision for free public college education for all 
Feel the Bern merchandise is here! Get it while it's hot:  
 At DNC earns sustained applause for promise to build "a movement that works with our trade unions. 
 "Trying to make this country a better place for all of our people is the most patriotic thing we can do." 
Speaking next in front of at  Watch live here: 
Feel The Bern merchandise is here! Get it while it's hot:  
The crowd going wild ten minutes before the speech begins in front of at 
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face.
Feel the Bern Merch is here! Get it while it's hot:  
Meanwhile, Wal-Mart pays workers’ such low wages that many of them qualify for food stamps, Medicaid, and other forms of gov't assistance.
Today, one family, the Walton family, is worth more than $157 billion - more wealth than the bottom 42 percent, over 130 million Americans.
 Honored to be the DNCViceChair chosen to introduce Senator at this afternoon's DNC meeting in Minneapol…
 I asked the Bernie Sanders campaign about Ed Klein’s fake scoop about a third party run bc ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Must Read: NYT Editorial -Bernie Sanders’s Small-Beer Donors in the Big Money Casino
As someone who has never run a negative political ad in his life, my campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate.
Large corporations and their lobbyists have created loopholes enabling corporations to avoid an estimated $100 billion a year in taxes.
 This Sunday on  interviews Democratic candidate Tune in at 9a and 12p ET. 
The gap between the very rich and everyone else in America is wider today than at any time since the 1920s.
 Here's the massive pay gap between CEOs and workers  
We are going to practice Democracy. I know, it’s a pretty radical idea but what the heck.
Every man, woman, and child is entitled to health care. That right exists in virtually every other major country and it’s time to join them.
 Biden/Clinton numbers getting more headlines, but Qpiac also has Bernie Sanders beating both Trump and Jeb: 
We have got to end the private-for-profit prison racket in America. I intend to introduce legislation to do just that.
It is absurd that college graduates today are carrying debts of $50,000, $100,000 or more. We must deal with the issue of student debt.
The cost of war is real. It is terrible. And it should be the last resort.
Sign my petition if you agree that we can't go forward with Keystone if we're serious about fighting climate change. 
It’s no big surprise that in recent years, most major Republican politicians have chosen to deny that climate change even exists.
 How Bernie Sanders plans to take his campaign to the next level 
Since 2001, nearly 30 percent of manufacturing jobs in this country have disappeared and over 60,000 factories have been shut down.
Most of the jobs gained since 2009 pay low wages. However, most of the jobs lost during the recession were jobs that paid up to $21 an hour.
In my view, If a bank is too big to fail, it's too big to exist. That's the bottom line. 
I am saddened by the senseless deaths of Alison Parker and Adam Ward. Jane and I have their families and friends in our thoughts.
 In an election dominated by million-dollar donations, Bernie Sanders is relying on donors giving as little as $5 
Today corporate profits are at an all-time high, while corporate income tax revenue as a percentage of GDP is near a record low.
When it comes to the rights of women, we cannot go backwards. We have got to go forward. 
Mothers must be able to spend time with her newborn child during the first weeks and months of life. Must read: 
58% of the new income generated in this country from 2009-2014 went to the top one percent. 
Today, the top one percent owns 41% of wealth in this country. Meanwhile, the bottom sixty percent owns less than 2% of the nation’s wealth.
The typical middle class American family made less last year than it did 26 years ago. 
Most of the Wall Street financial institutions that we bailed out because they were "too big to fail" are now bigger than they used to be.
It's time to expand Medicare to all Americans.  
The health insurance lobbyists and big pharmaceutical companies make "national health care" sound scary. It's not.
To win the important environmental victories we so urgently need, it will take a coordinated grassroots movement. Join us. 
We need to keep fossil fuels in the ground, and move to 100 percent renewable energy - and we need to act immediately. 
The United States is the only developed nation in the world without guaranteed, paid parental leave. We must guarantee these benefits.
These are American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home.
 Equal pay, Social Security expansion, and funding Planned Parenthood are all on  Bernie's women's rights agenda. 
Wall Street exists as an island unto itself, benefiting only the wealthy while using our money to get rich. That ends when I am president.
You are looking at one candidate for president who does not have a super PAC and I’m damn proud of that. 
For too long, the billionaire class has corrupted our political system. We must act decisively to make our economy fair again. 
 Thank you for your support.
 I endorse Brother because he is a long-distance runner with integrity in the struggle for justice for over 5…
 "Americans understand that corporate greed is destroying this country, and they want that to end."  
This campaign resonates with Americans all over this country because we're talking about issues that deal with the middle class. 
We need a revolution in the way the United States fund higher education.  in Littleton, NH 
When people come together, we can beat any amount of money thrown around by the Koch Brothers, Goldman Sachs executives, or anyone else.
The story of immigrants is the story of America, a story rooted in family and fueled by hope. As president, I will: 
Some corporations pay nothing in federal income taxes, while billionaire hedge fund managers pay a lower effective tax rate than teachers.
Average female workers earned $1,337 less in 2013 than they did in 2007. We have got to change this.  
Americans bailed out the recklessness of Wall Street. It is time for Wall Street to bail out the middle class! 
 Little boy takes a selfie with Bernie Sanders as the senator speaks in Berlin, NH. 
Now is the time to think big. 
Our tax system is wildly unfair - rigged to benefit the very rich. Corporations earning billions in profits stash their money in tax havens.
Children should not go hungry in this country while corporations and the wealthy avoid their tax responsibilities. 
What we see across the nation, and in Conway, NH, is that this campaign is resonating with millions of Americans. 
While 45 million Americans are living in poverty, the wealthiest people in this country are doing phenomenally well. 
We need banks that invest in the job-creating economy. We don't need more speculation with the American economy hanging in the balance.
For the past 40 years, Wall Street and the billionaire class have rigged the rules to redistribute wealth to the richest among us.
In my view, corporations should not be allowed to make a profit by building more jails and keeping more Americans behind bars. 
Since the formation of our nation, the trade union movement has always led the fight to improve the quality of life for all Americans.
Our job together is to create an economy that works for working families and not just the people on top. 
There needs to be a path back from prison. We need real education and real skills training for the incarcerated.
Happening now: Town Hall in Salem, NH.  
 Bernie Sanders speaking to one of his two overflow rooms in Salem, NH. 
We are the only advanced economy that doesn’t guarantee its workers some form of paid family leave. 
We cannot bring about the kind of change that we need in this country unless there is a political revolution. 
I am not just asking for your support to elect me as President. I am asking you to be part of a political revolution. 
 The evolution of Bernie Sanders' wildly popular campaign – in pictures  
When we think big we are thinking of America leading the world in transforming our energy system and fighting climate change. 
As president nobody will fight harder to end institutional racism and reform our broken justice system.  
 "While the billionaires become richer, 27% of the children of SC go hungry! That has got to end!" - 
When you’re sick, you should be able to access health care. When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy. 
  Sanders in Charleston, SC: "This country belongs to all of us, not just a handful of billionaires." 
This is the nation we can build together. Build a future that works for all of us, and not just the few on top.  
 By far the loudest applause of the night is for equal pay for women  
The American people are beginning to catch on to what is going on in this country. Watch live!  
Watch tonight’s  rally in Charleston, South Carolina Live!  
 Capacity crowd for Bernie Sanders in Charleston   
 The crowd enters to see Sen. Bernie Sanders.  
 Crowd growing for Bernie Sanders in North Charleston. maybe 500 so far 
We must make sure that voter registration is automatic not just another hurdle for people to excercise their constitutional right to vote.
This issue of childhood poverty impacts every race and we’ve got to stand together to change it. 
Voters ID laws aren’t really intended to discourage fraud, they’re intended to discourage voting.  
 WATCH LIVE: Democratic presidential candidate holds a town meeting in Sumter, SC.  
 My Dinner With Bernie ...   via
The time has come for the U.S. to join every major industrialized country and ensure that we have a health care system that works for all.
The benchmark of full time work in America should be simple – that no full-time worker should live in poverty.
 has agreed to stick around at conclusion of town hall meeting to talk to viewers and lis…
I want you all not to think small, I want you to think big. Thank you, Columbia, SC.   
I have introduced legislation that would make every public college in America tuition-free.  
The reality of today is that millions of Americans today are working longer hours for lower wages. 
I am excited to be in Columbia, SC tonight. Tune in LIVE right now.   
 Approx. 7pmET LIVE:  holds a town hall event in South Carolina. Listen here  ; download o…
 People still filing in to hear speak 
It is a disgrace that hundreds of thousands of young americas today do not go to college because they cannot afford it. 
 Road to the White House is in Columbia, SC tonight LIVE 7pm ET followed by y…
  Town Hall in Columbia, South Carolina – LIVE at 7pm ET on C-SPAN 
We do not have a super PAC. We do not want the money of corporate America. This is a people’s campaign.  
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard. 
The time has come for a Medicare-for-All single-payer health care program. 
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only immoral, it is economically unsustainable. 
The momentum from coast to coast has been extraordinary. Thank you Greenville, South Carolina.  
 Greenville way into saying "we need to rethink the war on drugs." 
  on criminal justice reforms: US needs to demilitarize police depts ; push community policing where cops loo…
 you are right! It is wrong to play politics with the health of thousands of S.Carolinians!   htt…
 "In SC over 200,000 people would gain health insurance if the governor ; legislature here would approve the expansion,"
  Greenville!   
 VIDEO of From  to  Financial Rules Are Rigged to Favor 1%  
When a mother can’t spend time with her newborn during the first weeks and months of life that is not a family value. 
 As Bernie Sanders supporters “Feel the Bern,” so does Bernie. 
A job should lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it.  
We may not have the billionaire class or shadowy corporations, but we have you!  
We have got to end the private-for-profit prison racket in America! 
At the end of the day money doesn’t always win. What this campaign is showing is that millions of people agree with us. 
 is on the flight I'm on to cover him in S.C. His wife is helping folks get pics   
Most of the major Wall Street institutions that we bailed out because they were "too big to fail" are now bigger than they used to be.
 This just appeared today. cc: 
It makes a lot more sense to me to invest in jobs and education than in jails and incarceration. 
 And the Nurses have been proud to back for President of the United States.   h…
 to 1974: No real change is going to come about until the incredible concentration of wealth and power is broken. 
 Bernie Sanders is the Uncola of American politics.   
Despite the modest gains of the Affordable Care Act we have 35 million people who still have no health insurance.
When you talk about foreign policy, topping the list is the need for the U.S. to work with other nations in transforming our energy system.
Wall Street's dangerous manipulation of our economy has helped divert most of all new income to the top one percent.
For too long, the billionaire class has corrupted our political system. We must act decisively to make our economy fair again.
 Consensus of  debate ; SCGOP hurting SC by not expanding Medicaid!  is a necessity for r…
Wall Street's greed and illegal behavior drove this country into the worst recession since the Great Depression. 
  promises to be an anti-establishment candidate
It’s no big surprise that in recent years, most major Republican politicians have chosen to deny that climate change even exists.
 Better term for "anchor babies" is "babies." Or, alternately, "tiny humans to be cherished and valued."
Our country is in serious trouble, and it is up to us to stand up and fight back to launch a heroic struggle: a political revolution.
Wall Street exists as an island unto itself benefiting only the extremely wealthy while using our money to get rich. 
The U.S. has more wealth inequality than any time since 1928. Read my plan on reversing income and wealth inequality: 
We should be spending our money on health care and disease prevention, not on paper pushing and debt collection.
I don’t believe in the agenda of the billionaire class. What this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree. 
Democracy is not about a handful of billionaires spending unlimited sums of money electing candidates.  
We need bold changes in America. We need a mass political movement. I call it a political revolution.  
We have millions of Americans who are being crushed by high student debt. It just doesn’t make sense. 
Let me be clear, the federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour is a starvation wage and it must be raised.  
  "It's not about electing a President, it's about transforming a country."
 Right now, it's 92° in Reno, NV ; there are thousands people berning up to hear Bernie Sanders speak tonight. 
It is time to break up the largest financial institutions in the country. 
It’s an outrage that women are forced back to work after giving birth simply because they can't afford to stay home. 
We must never, ever go back to the days when older Americans could not get the healthcare they needed because they could not afford it.
I have opposed Arctic oil drilling for years. Drilling the Arctic at a time when we face a serious climate emergency should be unthinkable.
 El demócrata visitó Chicago y habló de sus propuestas de inmigración y educación  
Scott Walker wants to kick people off of their healthcare. He’s wrong. We need Medicare for all, not a return to a broken system.
I don’t believe in the agenda of corporate America. What this campaign is showing is that millions of Americans agree. 
At a time when senior poverty is increasing, we must expand Social Security benefits, not cut them.  
We must raise the minimum wage to a livable wage.  
We spend almost twice as much per capita on health care than do the people of any other western industrialized country. 
The time has come for us to stand up and fight back against voter suppression. 
  surges in Iowa, New Hampshire as 'fiery authenticity' resonates: 
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure would create 13 million decent paying jobs.
  on campaign finance: "The system is corrupt"   
We have to ask ourselves. Whose interest is it in to keep undocumented workers in the shadows without the protection of the law?
The fact is that millions of working class families are now finding it very difficult to send their kids to college. This has got to change.
We began this campaign all of three and a half months ago and the momentum has been nothing less than extraordinary!
 Meeting today with and wife today  Headquarters. 
"Yes, it would mean a real future for our families... Depending on who’s next in 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.” -McKibben 
There must be a path to citizenship so individuals can come out of the shadows and participate fully and openly in American society.
It is no great secret that across the United States undocumented workers perform a critical role in our economy.
 Let's do it. We will PM you this week to arrange.
We must end the absurdity of 2.6 million women working 50- to 60-hours-a-week without any overtime pay.
We need debt-free college and free tuition is the best way to get there.
Supporters of NAFTA told us it would increase the standard of living in Mexico. The opposite was true.
  on Iran deal: "Can't guarantee that it will work, nobody can, but we have got to give peace a chance" 
To truly empower our communities, we must address the crippling poverty that affects tens of millions of people in this country.
We’re building a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back.
One of the major reasons why the middle class is collapsing is because of the greed, recklessness, and illegal behavior on Wall Street.
We mourn the loss of a heroic figure in the civil rights movement. Julian Bond was a man who dedicated his life to justice for all.
This campaign is not a billionaire-funded campaign. It is a people campaign. - Cedar Rapids, Iowa office opening 
We must move towards a healthcare system based on providing quality care rather than worrying about the profits of the insurance companies.
 Bernie Sanders returns to central Iowa, this time with bigger campaign:  
Big thanks to Caleb Humphrey in our Ames, Iowa office who made 2,016 calls this week for our campaign!   
Last year, when nurses became infected with Ebola after treating sick patients, I marched with you in Oakland. 
 At  speech: Sanders pledges to expand Social Security, lift wages:   
When you go to the hospital, you should not come out in bankruptcy. That should not happen in the United States of America. 
If we truly believe in a vibrant democracy, then we must have the highest voter turnout in the world.
 Bernie kicking into overdrive 
Tune in tomorrow morning to for a discussion on the issues facing our nation.  
We must pursue policies that transform this country into a nation that affirms the value of its people of color.
  will introduce legislation for tuition-free public universities and colleges 
This campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate; not political gossip or reckless personal attacks.
  "Women cannot continue to earn 78 cents on the dollar compared to male workers" 
Excited to be at the Iowa Fair Soap Box where I'll be speaking about rebuilding our middle class.  
 MASSIVE crowd gathered for turn at the State Fair Soapbox. Can't get anywhere close!  
As president, I will reduce income inequality by signing the Paycheck Fairness Act into law. 
Social Security is the most successful government program in our nation’s history.  
 WATCH LIVE: holds a town hall meeting in Boone, Iowa  
We must engage our youth to get involved in the political process and discuss the issues of our time.  
 TUNE IN to  Sun 7amC w/Special Guests  
Today, we have 45 million people living in poverty. This campaign is about those people and our struggling middle class. 
 He has tapped into something that is important and real on the left. -- on campaign 
The grotesque level of inequality in America is immoral. This has got to change and, as your president, together we will change it.
You are working night and day and trying to change America. I congratulate you.  
It is imperative that we stand together to create the kind of nation that we know we can become.  
  raises the roof at Surf Ballroom with a call for single-payer health care and a reminder he voted against I…
This campaign is not about electing Bernie Sanders for president. It is about creating a grassroots political movement in this country.
 WATCH LIVE: Bernie Sanders speaks at the "Wing Ding" dinner in Iowa:  
Three months later, what has happened has blown my mind: we have been generating an enormous amount of enthusiasm across America. 
I am honored to be taking part in the Iowa Democrats'  dinner tonight. Watch it here: 
80 Years Later, Republicans Are Still Fighting Social Security. 
Every single year thousands of our fellow Americans die because they don’t get the preventive care they need when they should.
We need leadership that is prepared to rally the American people and create the political revolution that this country desperately needs.
 THIS SUNDAY: joins on Meet the Press  
You can’t hide your profits in the Cayman Islands and other tax havens, while there are massive unmet needs on every corner of this nation.
When families can’t spend time on vacation together during the course of an entire year, that is not a family value. 
This campaign is about developing a strong grassroots movement from coast to coast which says: "enough is enough!" 
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family. It's a lesson I have never forgotten.
We can live in a country where every person realizes the full promise of equality that is our birthright as Americans.
It is unacceptable that Americans pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. 
We must move away from the militarization of police forces and we must invest in community policing.
Across the nation, too many find themselves subjected to a system that treats citizens who have not committed crimes like criminals.
  making 4 campaign stops in two-day swing through S.C., including   ht…
We have got to say loudly and clearly that we will no longer tolerate police brutality in this country!
We must make significant reductions in carbon emissions and break our dependency on fossil fuels. 
  Bernie Sanders is shamelessly pandering to voters who want to hear the truth 
If we are going to have the best educated workforce and a vibrant middle class, Wall Street has got to pay its fair share in taxes.
The U.S. must to join every other major industrialized country and ensure that we have a health care system that works for all.
We have got to require Medicare to negotiate with the drug companies to lower the outrageously high prices of prescription drugs.
Politicians who deny climate change is real, despite an overwhelming scientific consensus, are morally bankrupt. 
The Supreme Court's  Citizens United decision opened the gates to a flood of billions of dollars that threatens to undermine our democracy.
With the support of millions of Americans we can build a political revolution in this country. 
We are going to make public colleges tuition-free and substantially reduce student loan debt in America!
We are not going back to the days when women could not have full access to birth control. 
At a time when more than 10 percent of workers are either unemployed or underemployed, we should be doing everything we can to create jobs.
This is not about or This country belongs to all of us. 
 We've got a bill for that too! 
I have seen first-hand the impact of our broken immigration system in the tomato fields of Immokalee, Florida.
We must break up too-big-to-fail financial institutions.
 is part of the political revolution. Are you? Join today!
These institutions have acquired too much economic and political power, endangering our economy and our political process.
These same six banks control 95 percent of all derivatives and hold more than 40 percent of all bank deposits in the United States.
The six largest financial institutions issue more than two-thirds of all credit cards and over 35 percent of all mortgages.
 We're everywhere, Dave!
The six largest financial institutions in this country today hold assets equal to about 60% of the nation’s gross domestic product.
In the United States, we have one of the most unequal wealth and income distributions of any major country on earth.
Studies show that nine out of every ten Americans report that their happiest memories come from vacations. 
Freedom of speech does not mean the freedom to buy the United States government.
 What's behind surge?  
 Bernie Sanders beats Hillary Clinton in latest New Hampshire poll via 
Many of those in poverty are working at low-wage jobs. These are the people who struggle every day to find the money to feed their kids.
 My vote goes to 
 I am so proud to have gotten to introduce  at last night's rally in LA  htt…
Everyone over 18 must be registered to vote automatically so that all Americans can make their voices heard.
Incredibly, Republicans have given huge tax breaks to millionaires while raising taxes on working families. 
 Great job on CNN today. Thanks for your support!
This is a campaign that is on the move and, together, this is a campaign that will end in victory. 
We don’t have the billionaires on our side. Will you contribute $10 today to help support the political revolution? 
Since the implementation of NAFTA, the number of Mexicans living below the poverty line has increased by over 14 million people.
It is time to end the politics of division on this country, of politicians playing one group of people against another.
Let's invest in young people by making tuition free at all public colleges. 
We cannot continue to run an economy where millions are made so vulnerable because of their undocumented status.
Let me say loudly and clearly – health care is a right of all people, not a privilege.
 This crowd from  makes us flashback to the 1960 Dem. National Conv    
In my view, if we are going to rebuild the middle class, we have got to make sure that Wall Street pays its fair share in taxes.
This is a campaign that is on the move and, together, this is a campaign that will end in victory.  
Apologies to the large crowds who couldn't fit indoors at tonight's rally. We’re gonna have to get bigger venues! 
Brothers, we need to stand with our sisters and fight for pay equity. 
  "a kid who smokes marijuana gets an arrest record but a CEO who wrecks the economy gets away with it" 
It makes a lot more sense to invest in education and jobs than in incarceration. 
What this campaign is about is a very radical idea: we're going to tell the truth.  
 One hour until stay and this house is getting packed!    
 Caring. Compassion. Community -&gt; Nurses' Values and values.   
The scientific community is virtually unanimous in that climate change is the greatest environmental crisis facing this planet.
One of the major reasons why the middle class is collapsing is because of the greed, recklessness, and illegal behavior on Wall Street.
 Three hours before Bernie Sanders rally in LA and line stretches two city blocks outside Memorial Sports Arena. 
 National Nurses United Union Backs Bernie Sanders 
We must create a political revolution from the ground up. Real change happens when millions of people stand up and say “enough is enough.”
Los Angeles, join me for a rally tonight to tell the billionaire class: Yes we do have the guts to take you on!  
A large single-payer system already exists in the United States. It's called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks.
 Bernie Sanders wins backing of national nurses union 
  on  when we talk re: creating a new America, at the top of our list is ending racism …
 BERNIE IN LA TONIGHT!!
We need to make it a national priority to work together to train more nurses, and that’s exactly what I intend to do as your President.
I have spent my career fighting for something that I consider to be a human right. That human right is health care.
Last year, when  became infected with Ebola after treating sick patients, I marched with you in Oakland,
 Watch talk w/  today at noon PT. Live Stream link:   
 Executive Dir greets on his arrival in Oakland for meeting w/  
We must create a national system to provide care for every single American in the most cost-effective way possible.
 We look forward to working with you and others more on these important issues.
A special thanks to of  who reached out to us in Portland. We are all relieved that she is safe.
Health care must be recognized as a right, not a privilege. Every man, woman and child in our country should be able to access quality care.
If we could bail out Wall Street, we can make sure that every American can go to college without going into debt.
 The "violence" framing in the initial draft of the Sanders Racial Justice platform is powerful. ; I look forward to seeing him e…
Portland set the record tonight as 28,000 showed up for our rally. The momentum is nothing less than extraordinary. 
We must make sure that Veterans get every benefit they served for and deserve. 
We must move to a Medicare-for-all single-payer system. 
We have the moral responsibility to leave this planet habitable for our grandchildren.  
We are going to get the government out of profiteering on student loans. That is going to change. 
 Bernie Sanders at Moda Center: "We are fighting to maintain our democracy."   
When one family spends more money than both parties, that is not democracy that is oligarchy. 
 If the bank is too big too fail, it's too big too exist.   
In my view we have got to re-establish Glass–Steagall and break up the big banks. 
It is not a radical idea to say that someone working 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty. 
Instead of investing in incarceration what about jobs and education for young people. 
It is the tragic reality that in this great country the middle class has been disappearing. 
Whoa! This is an unbelievable turnout. This is the largest crowd so far. Tune in LIVE now:  
Portland is ready to create a political revolution from the ground up. Tune in LIVE here:  
 Made it in!   
 Charles Koch tells WaPo "I spent my whole life studying science," which is how he knows climate models are wrong 
Getting ready for our big event in Portland tonight.  
The Supreme Court’s 2013 decision gutting the Voting Rights Act was a shameful step backward.
    team honored to help at Creative Visions w/ today's Free Sunday Feed 
Great job to everyone on the  team! 
Are you interested in working with Bernie 2016? We’re hiring for positions in Iowa and New Hampshire! 
The vast majority of Americans want to raise the minimum wage. We must raise it to a livable wage of $15 per hour over the next few years.
Policies to fight the types of violence waged against communities of color: physical, political, legal and economic: 
Do you know the alternative of not reaching an agreement? It’s war. War must be a last resort, not the first resort. 
 Republican candidates have disturbing attitude toward war, says.  
15,000 came out tonight and stood up to say, “this country belongs to all of us, not just the billionaire class." 
 "Too many lives have been destroyed by the so-called war on drugs; too many lives have been destroyed by incarceration" - …
Seattle, I am honored to be here. Tonight we tell the billionaire class, “Enough is enough. You can’t have it all!" 
 Absolutely huge crowd!!   
 Sanders' second event in Seattle is set to start in 15 minutes. The 10,000 person arena is close to full. 
On criminal justice reform and the need to fight racism there is no other candidate who will fight harder. 
Today is a tragic day for Vermont. A public servant and three others were killed. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims’ families.
I supported the Voting Rights Advancement Act to prevent states with a history of voting discrimination from suppressing political rights.
Tune in tomorrow morning for the rest of the interview on Check local listings for airtime.  
I am a supporter of the DREAM Act, which would offer permanent residency and eventual citizenship to children who were brought to the US.
  was the most re-tweeted candidate during GOP debate  | AP Photo 
I think many people have the mistaken impression that Congress regulates Wall Street. In truth, it is the other way around.
It's incumbent upon us to give the agreement a chance to succeed. That is why I will support the Iran agreement. 
The test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in, but how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner.
Tune in to this Sunday for a discussion on the Iran agreement and other issues facing our country. 
We cannot and must not shirk the historic role of the United States as a protector of vulnerable people fleeing persecution.
On immigration, we must be aggressive in pursuing policies that are humane and sensible and that keep families together.
  Join the Nat'l Conversation w/ Mon ET/Noon PT. Register @   …
We cannot and we should not even be talking about sweeping up millions of men, women, and children and throwing them out of the country.
I want to see this country expand social security benefits, not cut them.
ICYMI: Yesterday was the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act.
 According to the most-retweeted candidate tweet of the  didn't come from a Republican: 
 Most-retweeted presidential candidate Tweet of  came from Democrat 
Today the U.S. remains the only major nation that does not guarantee health care. Now is the time for us to join the rest of the world.
Why do we accept a situation where thousands of qualified people are unable to go to college because their families don’t have enough money?
In my view, Wall Street is too large and powerful to be reformed. The huge financial institutions must be broken up.
It's over. Not one word about economic inequality, climate change, Citizens United or student debt. That's why the Rs are so out of touch.
The very rich get richer, everyone else poorer. And Republicans who take campaign money from billionaires have nothing significant to say.
 El precandidato demócrata critica la agenda de quienes participan en el  
 says climate change is one of the great crises we face. I'm waiting for one word from Fox and the Rs on it. 
 live-tweeting the  
Listen to Rs talk about military funding and remember what Eisenhower said about power of the military-industrial complex. 
GOP agenda: more money for military, tax breaks for the rich, cuts to Social Security ; programs for working families. 
 Time dedicated in this debate to police violence: 15 secondsNumber of candidates to address: 1 (h/t
 How come there's no talk about climate change? Has anyone here even seen California right now?  
What I'm hearing so far: tax breaks for the rich, more people losing health insurance and more talk about war. This is not what we need.
Hundreds of thousands of qualified young people cannot afford to go to college. Do the Republican candidates care? 
Does any Republican agree with the majority of Americans who now strongly support gay rights and same-sex marriage? 
Millions of Americans are struggling with horrendous student debt + high interest rates. Do the Rs have anything to say? 
 I wonder if the  will address actual solutions for climate change and clean energy. 
Will Fox and the Rs discuss criminal justice reform and the need to end police killing of unarmed African-Americans? 
Will Fox talk about outrageous GOP voter suppression and the undermining of the Voting Rights Act?  
Will Fox and the Rs talk about pay equity for women workers who make 78 cents on the dollar compared to men? Waiting. 
At a time of massive inequality, does any R think the wealthy and large corporations should pay a nickel more in taxes? 
Social Security can pay every penny owed for next 18 yrs. Lift the cap on taxable income and it'll be solvent for decades. 
 "repeal Obamacare." Throw millions of more people off of their health insurance. Great idea. 
 Talk about killing jobs. When your brother left office we were hemorrhaging 800k jobs a month. And you want more of the same?
Carson talks about the debt. Hey Dr. Carson... the Rs forgot to pay for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. $6-8 trillion on the credit card.
 is the exception. He of course is his own super PAC. 
Check it out. How many of the candidates on the stage have super PACs funded by millionaires and billionaires? 
 Kids are hurting. True. What will you do about the reality that we have one of the highest rates of childhood poverty?
Huckabee and Carson: more tax breaks for billionaires, higher taxes for working families. 
Fox's great idea. Climate change is the great global environmental crisis, but they want to cut or destroy the EPA. 
Did just support a national single-payer health system? Well. He was right on something. 
 -- do you understand what he just said?
Some of us didn't believe Bush and Cheney on Iraq. We voted NO. That was the right vote. 
The clock is ticking. Climate change? Income inequality? Citizens United? Waiting for the questions and the discussion. 
Who would've believed it? is right. Yes we can fight terrorism and protect the U.S. Constitution. 
U.S. is the only major country without guaranteed paid family and medical leave. Will we hear anything about that tonight? 
 "listened" to the American people on immigration. Really? Most Americans want a path to citizenship. 
 is right. The people are frustrated. The rich get much richer and everyone else is getting poorer. Will the Rs talk about this?
Kasich saved Ohio's economy! Oh. Who was the president who helped lower unemployment and create millions of new jobs? 
We must launch a political revolution which engages millions of Americans from all walks of life. 
Still waiting. Will Fox ask if it's appropriate for billionaires to buy elections?  
Oh. It was just a movie trailer.  
Tom Hanks. Finally. Somebody who makes some sense.  
Does any GOPer care about whether or not a woman, rather than the gov't, should make decisions regarding her own body? 
Will any Republican talk about the need to raise the current starvation minimum wage of $7.25 an hour? 
 has a lot of respect for his brother George W. Really? Let's not forget the virtual collapse of our economy when he left office.
Will Fox ask GOPers why the economy is much improved today over when Bush left office when we were losing 800k jobs/month. 
Tonight, follow the debates live with me and use the hashtag  to join the conversation. 
Will the GOPers talk about why the U.S. is the only major nation not to guarantee health care to all as a right? 
Will the Republicans tell us why they reject the near-unanimous scientific opinion that climate change is real and caused by human activity?
Let's see what questions Fox will ask. Will they talk about the disastrous Citizen United decision that allows the rich to buy elections?
Financial institutions cannot be an island unto themselves, standing as huge profit centers outside of the real economy.
 "I think you can count me in as someone would fight for federal government employees" tells 
Ask the Democratic Party to start the presidential debates. 
  : “If you want to join a union, you have a constitutional right to join a union”
We must launch a political revolution which engages millions of Americans from all walks of life. 
  now video conferencing in from DC. Pops up on screen to big hoots and hollers from crowd ht…
Today is the 50th anniversary of the  Act but conservatives are trying to roll back the clock on one of our fundamental rights.
The 2016 presidential election will be the first in 50 years where voters won't have the full protections of the Voting Rights Act. 
Despite the central role they play in our economy, undocumented workers are reviled by many for political gain and shunted into the shadows.
I agree. "We are committed to making registering to vote as easy as possible...” - 
In America, everybody who is eligible to vote is entitled to vote. That is American democracy. 
 LBJ: “Every American citizen must have an equal right to vote. There is no reason which can excuse the denial of that right.” 
The  Act is a critical civil rights law that protects voters, and is as necessary today as it was in the era of Jim Crow.
We should be doing everything possible to make it easier for people to participate in the political process.
The average chief executive in America now makes nearly 300 times more than the average worker. 
We must take bold action to reduce carbon emissions and leave a habitable planet for our grandchildren. 
A single-payer system will expand employment opportunities and lift a weight off of businesses encumbered by employee health expenses.
Are you ready to start a political revolution? 
We must remember that the struggle for our rights is the struggle of a lifetime. Our time to fight is now. 
Is it morally appropriate that 99% of all new income is going to the top 1%?
Open to all Americans over 65 years of age, Medicare has been a resounding success since its introduction 48 years ago.
 Texas discriminated against black and Hispanic voters and violated the VRA, a federal appeals panel ruled today. 
When you look at basic necessities of life there must be a guarantee that people receive what they need in order to live a dignified life.
The only long-term solution to America's health care crisis is a single-payer national health care program.
We need leadership that is prepared to rally the American people and to take on the wealthy special interests that wield so much power.
The reality is that this country today faces more serious problems than at any time since the Great Depression.
Much of the corporate media is prepared to discuss everything except the most important issues facing our country.
Real change takes place when millions of people stand up and say “enough is enough,” and create a political revolution from the ground up.
Is our democracy being destroyed when one family can spend $900 million to buy elections?
The current campaign system is corrupt and amounts to legalized bribery.
The wealthiest 14 people in this country increased their wealth in two years by more than is owned by the bottom 130 million Americans.
Instead of trying to take away health care from women, we should be trying to provide family and medical leave to all of our families.
We actually need a heck of a lot more than $3 per person for women's health care, 
This country faces more serious problems today than at any time in modern history, and establishment politics will not resolve them.
Creating a simple system with one payer covering all Americans would result in an enormous reduction in administrative expenses.
When you tell a woman that she cannot control her own body, that’s extremism.
July 29 proved that we have the people and that we’re organized. Here's a short video of history in the making:
If an institution is too big to fail, it is too big to exist. Become a citizen co-sponsor of my bill. 
While insurance and drug companies make huge profits, Americans spend more and get less than people from any other nation.
We must make college affordable so that every qualified American can get the education they need to reclaim the American dream.
We must create a national health care system that provides quality health care for all in the most cost-effective way possible.
We must stand up to the greed on Wall Street by breaking up too-big-to-fail banks that have done so much damage to the economy.
Watch our new video ad outlining our agenda for America:
We must fundamentally rewrite our trade policy so that American products, not American jobs, are our No. 1 export.
 Bernie Sanders Clearly In Pocket Of High-Rolling Teacher Who Donated $300 To His Campaign  
The American people are demanding action to create jobs for their kids and retirement security for their parents.
Maybe for once Republicans can overcome the needs of their campaign contributors and worry instead about the planet. 
The American people are sick and tired with establishment politics, with establishment economics and with establishment media.
I find it strange that the kid who smokes marijuana gets arrested but the crooks on Wall Street get off scot free.
  We're seeing black people killed 'every day now' 
Where people have no work, where folks have no health insurance, that’s where we should be, including Louisiana.
Every man, woman and child in our country should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income.
Every veteran who defends this nation must get the quality health care and benefits they have earned and receive the respect they deserve.
Now is not the time for the same-old, same-old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas. 
We must move forward in ending our dependence on fossil fuel and move toward energy efficiency and renewable energy. 
 just won the first endorsement from any national environmental group of the 2016 race 
Today, millions of Americans are now working for totally inadequate wages. We must raise the minimum wage to a livable wage.
I will introduce legislation which will allow people to run for office without having to beg money from the wealthy. 
I am going to try my best to try to create a country in which children are not living in poverty.
ICYMI: This past Friday at "we need some new thinking." 
 El precandidato demócrata cuenta cómo ha logrado gran apoyo de los  
 We talk with Democratic presidential candidate this morning on  What do you want us to ask? 
Certain types of guns exclusively used to kill people, not for hunting, should not be sold in America.
 The  Offers a Path Toward Eliminating  Discrimination  
 New Iowa FOs celebrate w/ State Director after today's orientation!   
Join me tomorrow morning on Check your local listings for times. 
I want to thank everyone who came out to today’s town halls. We’re going to send a message that enough is enough. 
Let's defeat the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement. 
We should not be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank.
People are working 40 hours a week and cannot afford to feed their families. That has got to change.
 Packed house w/ supporters for event at   
 Big (and loud) crowd for here at 
LIVE on  
I am honored to receive the endorsement of one of the great environmental organizations in the world. 
 Friends of the Earth Action PAC endorses for President:   
Health care is a right, not a privilege.
 “The global economy has simply failed when so few have so much and so many have so little.”  
It’s an outrage that millions of women in this country are forced back to work after giving birth. 
Free speech does not equal the ability of people to buy elections.
 THIS SUNDAY: Democratic Presidential hopeful joins us to talk about the 2016 elections. 
African-Americans are almost four times as likely to experience the use of force during encounters with the police.
 El precandidato demócrata en Domingo 10/9C/1pm PAC 
The only way forward, to bring forth a progressive agenda, is to have the American people mobilized.
We are building a strong grassroots movement together, and people should not underestimate us. 
For the last 40 years, there has been a massive attack by corporate America against the middle class. 
We’ve got to change our trade policies, so companies aren’t shutting down here and moving abroad.
Nobody should have a gun who has a criminal background or who’s involved in domestic abuse situations.
Inspired by the activists standing up to Shell in Portland and Seattle. We cannot address climate change and drill in the Arctic. 
The attempt by Republicans to cut off support for Planned Parenthood is an attack on women’s health.
They told me: "Don't you know, Bernie, that Texas is a Republican state?" Well, that's exactly why I am here.
If we stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish for our great country. 
  I do not want corporations making money and more money based on how many people we lock up 
  13% of African Americans have lost their right to vote due to a felony charge 
One in four black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during their lifetime. This is an unspeakable tragedy. 
 "It makes much more sense to be investing in jobs and education than jails and incarceration." - Bernie Sanders
  dice: "hay que invertir más en empleos y educación que en encarcelar a las personas"  
I have introduced legislation that would make every every public college and university tuition-free. 
  income and wealth equality is the great moral, economic, social, and political issue of our time 
Check out some photos of yesterday’s organizing kickoff events from across all fifty states: 
"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.” - Mahatma Gandhi
  sat down with candidate this morning. Full interview airs Tuesday on 
When the people stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish.
When a mother must send her sick child to school because she can’t afford to stay home, that is not a family value. 

The only way we take on the Koch brothers is when we put together a strong grassroots movement of millions and millions of people.
Last night 100,000 of you were involved in the beginning of a political revolution. 
I hope very much that we do not go forward with the Keystone pipeline, which moves us exactly in the wrong direction.
It is time that we bring about a fundamental transformation of the American health care system.
We need to make government work for all the people, not just the 1 percent.
 Bernie Sanders at DC event, on  “Frankly, if that was a white woman, no one believes that would have happened."
  remarks on  – LIVE online here:  
When I hear politicians like Jeb Bush talking about phasing out Medicare, that ain't gonna happen. We're not going back. 
It is time to expand Medicare to every man and woman in America.  
Politics is about people coming together to improve the lives of all Americans, not just wealthy contributors.
  was beamed from a living room in D.C. to as many as 3500 other parties around the country to campaign h…
 We had 80 people at our meeting in CT tonight.   Felt the Bern, it was hot. 
Let’s get to work. Text WORK to 82623 to get started on campaign. 
Our West Coast stream is up. Tune in to   now. 
 We're all texting WORK to 82623 to volunteer to elect who will fight for free healthcare!  
 The folks gathered in Mt. Pleasant, DC for  
  Portsmouth, NH tonight! 
 On message - cake from the house party host for tonight  
 Presidential Candidate Bernie Sanders speaking   to supporters via Internet from a house party in Washington DC. 
  has biggest organizing event of 2016--100s of 1000s watching, but he's just talking about the issues. I m…
 Great turnout tonight in Columbus for nationwide grassroots kickoff event! 
 Downtown Des Moines Bernie House Party   
 At Brooklyn Feels the Bern, one of 3,000+ organizing parties for tonight 
 About 160 at library center Springfield Mo  we  4 other events in town 
 Enough is enough!!!!    
  Enough is Enough! Bristol, VT, nearly 90 people 
 Filling out caucus pledges, these supporters are eager to be part of "the movement."  
 Political revolution time!  
  in Indianapolis! 
 The meet-up in NYC is marching to Union Sq park at 930 for a  vigil.
  Arlington, MA organizing support 
 in NYC  and are  
 "Enough is enough!"  @ Circle Me Inc in Lincoln  
 Viewing party in Vienna VA. Bernie's popularity is impressive.   
  the group that came to support   
 At the  in   for the  Kickoff   
Let’s get to work. Text WORK to 82623 to get started on our campaign. 
 The crowd in Birmingham for the Bernie Sanders house party. 
East Coast, If you can’t make it to a meeting tonight, tune in for the live message from Bernie right now: 
 Hosts of DC house party made him a special cocktail: the Bernie Paloma, featuring Vermont maple syrup 
If you haven’t received your invitation for tonight’s event, here it is:    
We need to educate, organize and mobilize the working families of our country to stand up for their rights.
Hey, fans! We’ll be sharing all of our favorite photos from tonight’s organizing meetings, check it out: 
Allentown, PA is ready for tonight’s organizing kickoff meeting! Are you?  
I will be on MSNBC's this evening to discuss  and the  Check your local listings for air time.
 Bernie Sanders: GOP efforts to defund Planned Parenthood are "an attack on women's health"  
We just hit 100,000 RSVPs for tonight’s nationwide organizing meetings! Join us!  
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much, while so many have so little.
Clearly, if we are going to save the middle class and protect our planet, we need to change the political dynamics of the nation.
Meanwhile, as tens of millions of Americans struggle to survive economically, the wealthiest people are doing phenomenally well.
Most of the new jobs that are being created are part-time and low wage. And that wage remains at the starvation level of $7.25 per hour.
I look forward to seeing you tomorrow night. To join us, please visit 
The U.S. Postal Service is one of our most popular and important government agencies. Let’s protect the Postal Service, not dismantle it.
It is hard for me to understand how one can be concerned about climate change but not vigorously oppose the pipeline. 
 Look... Wed night is going to make history. 3,000+ events across America for  ; the political revolution! 
What you’re looking at is over 3,146 events, with more than 81,000 RSVPs! Join us: 
 Absolutely. 
Today is  Day. Men, we have to stand with women and fight for full pay equity. 
The idea that we would allow for the transportation of 800,000 barrels of some of the dirtiest oils all over the world makes no sense to me.
Morgantown, WV is ready for their  meeting on July 29! Attend your local event:  
Billionaires already own much of our economy. That, apparently, is not enough. Now, they want to own the United States government as well.
  to "What we are living in is a rigged economy ... people at the top make out like bandits."
Some people say my economic ideas are radical. You should hear what the Pope is saying.
Now is the time to alter our government. No more excuses. We must all become involved in the political process.
Judith is ready for her MN  organizing meeting. Attend a local event on Wednesday:  
Today, we live in the wealthiest nation in the history of the world but almost all of that wealth is controlled by a handful of individuals.
Our opponents have the billionaires on their side, but we have the people. Attend an organizing meeting on Wednesday: 
  luchó en contra de la guerra en Vietnam. Conócelo más&gt;&gt;   
We need a new approach to trade, an approach which benefits the working families of our country. 
The scientific community is clear: Global warming is real and it is caused by human activity.
The fossil fuel industry is destroying the planet with impunity and getting rich while doing it.
I hope very much that you will become part of our campaign team.
If we are to retain the fundamentals of American democracy, we need to overturn the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision.
As a kid I learned what lack of money means to a family, a lesson I have never forgotten. 
Some people told me Louisiana was a conservative state. I guess not.  
 Bernie Sanders draws a crowd of about 4,500 in a New Orleans suburb. 
We can live in a country where every person has health care as a right, not a privilege. 
We need to bring back Glass–Steagall legislation.  
I am very humbled by the enthusiasm at tonight's Louisiana Rally. Tune in here to watch it live: 
Scientists say our planet could be 5 to 10 degrees warmer by the end of this century. This is catastrophic.
Louisiana, I'm excited to be speaking at today's rally in Kenner. Doors open at 6 p.m.   
We must convince students that if they participate in the political process we can lower the outrageously high student debt they face.
"I ask them not to yield to an economic model which is idolatrous, which needs to sacrifice human lives on the altar of money..” 
 Bernie Sanders: Racism, Economic Inequality are 'Parallel Problems' 
Tune in to for a discussion on the issues facing our nation. Check local listings for air time. 
 "We need a political revolution in this country."  
  hearing from at    
No person should have to worry that a routine interaction with law enforcement will end in violence or death.   
People of color are afraid of their children being targeted by the police because of the color of their skin. 
"This country has socialism for the rich, rugged individualism for the poor." - Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 
A progressive estate tax on multi-millionaires and billionaires is the fairest way to reduce wealth inequality.
In addition to busting up the big trusts of his time, President Theodore Roosevelt fought for the creation of a progressive estate tax.
Tune in tomorrow morning to with for a discussion on the issues facing our nation. 
We must convince low-income workers that voting can raise the national minimum wage to a living wage.
 Reddit boosts momentum for campaign  via
We must convince young people that if they vote in large numbers, we can lower the unemployment they experience with a major jobs program.
Voter ID laws aren't intended to discourage fraud, they are intended to discourage voting. They have worked.
Instead of encouraging more people to vote, Republicans have passed laws to keep people away from the polls, especially low-income people.
Iowa's message to the billionaires: you can't continue to get huge tax breaks while children in America go hungry. 
 Another huge crowd for opening the balcony section now  
 full to the rafters for  at Valley High in Des Moines.  
Billionaires like the Koch brothers and others should not be able to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on campaigns.
This is what a rigged economic system looks like. 
 Thank you for spending time with us this afternoon! 
I had a great discussion today at the Every Child Matters Roundtable in Des Moines, IA. 
We need federal legislation to put the unemployed back to work and to raise wages.  
The American people must demand the White House start protecting the interests of working families, not just wealthy campaign contributors.

I hope it’s clear how dire it is for millions of people working full time yet living in poverty. We have a moral obligation to help them.
Our goal should be to join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all Americans. 
You know how far right the has gone when its so-called "moderate" candidate is talking about "phasing out" Medicare.
This country belongs to all of us, not just the billionaire class. Please join the grassroots revolution that we desperately need.
 I'm pleased that Sen and Gov are supporting bill to slow down the Wall St…
It's time to restore democracy and overturn the disastrous Citizens United ruling. Sign the petition today! 
We must launch a political revolution that engages millions of Americans from all walks of life in the struggle for real change.
Climate change threatens the planet, and we have a major political party denying its reality.
When a husband can’t get time off from work to care for his cancer-stricken wife, that is not a family value. 
I am very proud to be an original cosponsor of the Equality Act. These protections are long overdue. 
Yesterday I joined workers on strike to push for a $15 minimum wage.  Sign on here:  
 Hey Thanks for your  submission on how America needs to do more!  ht…
Giving up is not an option if we want to prevent irreparable harm to our planet.
It's time to restore democracy and overturn the disastrous Citizens United decision. Sign the petition today! 
The corporate media spends enormous time and energy diverting our attention away from the most important issues facing us.
Despair is not an option if we care about our kids and grandchildren.
 El precandidato y senador demócrata introdujo proyecto de ley para aumentar el salario mínimo a $15/h 
Our criminal justice system is out of control. 
 Bernie Sanders proposes federal minimum wage of $15 an hour 
It would be very hard to imagine a white middle class woman being treated in the same way as Sandra Bland was.
Today I introduced a bill in Congress to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. 
Our political system is dominated by billionaire campaign contributors and their lobbyists and is moving us in the direction of oligarchy.
It is a national disgrace that millions of full-time workers are are forced to work two or three jobs just to pay their bills.
In the year 2015, a job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it.
The ACA has made modest improvements in American health care since it took effect. But it is not enough. 
This country is in serious trouble. Our economic system benefits the rich and large corporations and leaves working families behind.
Over 25,000 people already signed up to attend an organizing meeting in their community. RSVP to attend one near you: 
Not only must we vigorously oppose Republican attacks on the social safety net, but we must expand benefits for those in need.
 I am a cashier at the US Capitol. I earn so little that I work two jobs | Sontia Bailey 
 We are going to put the justice back in justice system and prosecute the perpetrators.
This type of police abuse has become an all too common occurrence for people of color and it must stop. -B 
Iowans at Independence Day gatherings show off their Bernie 2016 signs and talk about the important issues in 2016.
Warren Buffet has pointed out the unfairness of the fact that he, a multibillionaire, pays a lower effective tax rate than his secretary.
We must make certain that seniors and people with disabilities can live in dignity. 
We need a tax system that is fair and progressive.
We'll be there 8/14 in Clear Lake, Iowa! MT Tickets selling faster than anticipated... Get tickets now! 
It's disgraceful that millionaire hedge fund managers are able to pay lower effective tax rates than truck drivers or nurses. This must end.
It is absurd that in 1952 corporate income taxes provided 32 percent of federal revenue while in 2014 they provided 11 percent.
It is fiscally irresponsible that the U.S. loses about $100 billion a year because corporation stash their profits in the Cayman Islands.
In my view, we have a moral responsibility to make certain that no American goes hungry or sleeps out on the streets.

Nothing will get done unless millions of people stand up and roundly proclaim enough is enough.
Supporters have created more than 1,500 organizing meetings on July 29th. Get involved by hosting or attending here: 
Today the richest 400 Americans own more than $2.3 trillion in wealth, more than the bottom 150 million Americans combined.
In my view, every worker in America should be guaranteed at least twelve weeks of paid family and medical leave. 
 He's drawing bigger crowds than all 2016 candidates combined. We go behind-the-scenes with on 
Who are those members of Congress elected with the help of billionaires going to be representing? The middle class and working families?
They are all heroes. 
In terms of income, 99 percent of all new income is going to the top 1 percent. This is what a rigged economic system looks like.
Today, one family owns more wealth than the bottom 42 percent. isn’t it time for a change?
It is insane that low-wage workers for companies like McDonald’s must work when they are sick just because they can’t afford to stay home.
Real change comes about when large numbers of ordinary Americans get involved in the democratic process. 
 Per his campaign, had a crowd of 8,000 people this afternoon in Dallas and 5,200 at a rally that just end…
  takes the stage in Houston. "I don't want to get dizzy looking around the place," he says of crowd. 
 Bernie Sanders Takes His Populism to the Red States – and Draws a Huge Crowd.   
Sandra Bland, Eric Garner, Freddie Gray and too many others.
We want a nation where young black men and women can live without fear of being falsely arrested, beaten or killed. 
 The crowd that will see when he takes the stage in five minutes in Dallas: 
I’m excited to be speaking in Dallas in a few minutes for a discussion on the issues facing our nation today. 
We must make sure that every person who has the ability can get a good education, regardless of their family income. 
Today, the top one tenth of the top 1 percent of our nation owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
Tonight more than 11,000 friends and I sent a powerful message to the billionaire class: You can’t have it all! 
We have a long way to go to overcome racism in this country.
We are a nation proud of its dedication to family values. Why can’t we ensure that new parents have time to bond with their children?
We should be providing jobs and education for our kids rather than spending more and more money on jails and incarceration.
 Both sides of Phoenix Convention hall filled for Bernie Sanders   
Our largest turnout yet in Phoenix. 
 Backstage in Phoenix, gets ready to speak to "a small, intimate gathering." 
Got questions for our town hall at Netroots Nation? Tweet them using 
 We are ready to come out from the shadows and live without fear of our families being torn apart.    
Are we comfortable with an American political system which is being dominated by a handful of billionaires?
1 out of 4 male African-Americans born today will end up behind bars. That is not the America we believe in. 
  addresses more than 1,200 Iowa Democrats at  
 Sanders points to his own millionaire's table in Iowa - students at his table with a collective mill in college debt
When one family spends more money than either of the two major political parties combined that is not democracy, that is oligarchy. 
Today the U.S. remains the only major nation that does not guarantee health care. Now is the time for us to join the rest of the world.
  "The greed of the billionaire class has got to end and we are going to end it for them." 
No president, not even the best one, can bring about the changes that we need in this country unless there is a political revolution.
American workers are being denied a benefit that workers in every other advanced economy already enjoy: 10 days of paid vacation time.
Backstage at the Hall of Fame dinner. 
I will be coming to Phoenix for a rally to discuss getting big money out of politics. To join me RSVP at
  lets volunteers decide how to support his presidential campaign    via
  volunteers  with  
Wall Street cannot be an island unto itself and we need to break up those largest banks to put the focus back on working class Americans.

The function of banking should be to provide affordable loans to businesses to create jobs.
 "I believe we need to break up the big banks and I fear the middle class will have to bail them out." ht…
  US has "moral obligation to make sure that all the veterans...get the benefits ; the care they need" 
I am honored and excited to be attending the Hall of Fame Dinner tonight. 
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages. That is not a family value. 
If an institution is too big to fail, it is too big to exist.
If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, do you know what he would say about our huge banks? He would say break 'em up. And he would be right.
The enormous concentration of ownership within the financial sector is hurting the middle class and damaging the economy.
 WSJ say spent $0 on polling--how's he supposed to figure out what positions to take? 
 Bernie Sanders looks to convert enthusiasm into broad support 
 is skinflint compared to when it comes to spending. Pollsters? $0. Office furniture? htt…
No single financial institution should be so large that its failure would cause catastrophic risk to millions of Americans.
 The Bernie Sanders predicament: Where do you fit all those people?by 
Today, 3 out of the 4 financial institutions in this country are 80% larger than they were a year before the taxpayers bailed them out.
It is time to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the American middle class must end. Enough is enough!
The Bernie store funds our political revolution. Get your union made, made in America merch here: 
We need to pass pay equity for women workers. It is not acceptable that women receive less than their male counterparts doing the same job.
The best way to expand the economy is to raise wages and create good jobs to increase the purchasing power of the American people.
When my Republican colleagues use the term they’re usually talking about things like opposition to gay rights. 
More people have contributed to our campaign than to any other presidential candidate, Democrat or Republican. I am humbled by this support.
Your story, our story, my story is the story of America. It is a story rooted in family and fueled by hope. 
We must do a lot more to rebuild the middle class, check corporate greed and make our economy work again for working families.
 Share of money raised from donors contributing under $200.Sanders: 80.7%Bush: 3.3% 
Corporations must stop manipulating their shares to reward their executives and billionaire shareholders through the use of stock buybacks.
Corporations have mounted vigorous anti-union campaigns making it harder for workers to collectively bargain for decent wages and benefits.
We must continue and expand our efforts to be national leaders in the fight for gender equality.
  to address veterans’ issues during Iowa visit Friday 
It's time to restore democracy and overturn the disastrous Citizens United case. Sign the petition today! 
It's time for a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United. Sign the petition today! 
It's time for a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United. Sign the petition today! 
It's time for a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United. Sign the petition today!  
It's time to restore democracy and overturn the disastrous Citizens United case. Sign the petition today! 
When my Republican colleagues use the term they’re usually talking about support for abstinence-only education. 
With turnout projections mounting, the location of Saturday’s rally in Phoenix has been changed. To RSVP go to 
We should recognize DREAMers for who they are—American kids who deserve the right to legally be in the country they know as home.
 Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders meet again — in the Senate  
I want to create millions of jobs by rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure and i've introduced legislation to do that.
Change will not come without political participation. Sign up to attend or host an organizing meeting: 
 UPDATE moves  town hall Saturday to room 3-4x size of Campaign repo…
We need real tax reform which demands that the very wealthy and large corporations start paying their fair share of taxes.
  is coming to  Are you?  
We aren’t going back. Not only are we not going to retreat on women's rights, we’re going to expand them. We’re going forward, not backward.
The fact is that the middle class of this country continues its 40-year decline, people are working longer hours for lower wages.
Our free and open Internet has made invaluable contributions to democracy both here in the United States and around the world.
Overwhelmingly, the American people say: we want a government that starts representing working families not just wealthy campaign donors.
40 percent of American workers aren’t even eligible for family and medical unpaid leave. 
The  is a victory for diplomacy over saber-rattling and could keep us from being drawn into another never-ending war.
The American people understand that establishment economics are not working for the middle class. They want real change.
We need a mass grassroots movement that says we’re involved and we’re organized. 
If you are serious about providing high-quality, affordable care, please sign on to support a single-payer system. 
 Sanders slams Trump 
 MT Let’s say it loud and clear: Women control their bodies — not the government. 
I want to see this country expand social security benefits, not cut them.
 ‘Jesus was a socialist’: Bernie Sanders excites previously unmotivated Alabama voters  
I want to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. A majority of the American people want to do that.
America becomes a greater nation when we stand together as one people and in a loud and clear voice we say no to racism and bigotry.
 "Casi toda la riqueza que se ha creado en EEUU en los últimos 20 años han ido al 1% de la población" en 
 Watch a livestream of speech to  at 
 Janet Murguía de presenta al precandidato en   
When Republicans use the term they’re usually talking about things like denying a woman’s right to choose. 
Ordinary people are profoundly disgusted with the fact that the middle class is being destroyed and income going to the top 1 percent.
I'm excited to be speaking at the 2015 National Council of La Raza Annual Conference this morning. 
Change will not come without political participation. Sign up to attend or host an organizing meeting: 
When my Republican colleagues use the term they’re usually talking about things like opposition to contraception. 
Family values: let’s talk about what those words mean. 
We should be talking about expanding benefits to make sure that every American can retire with dignity. 
The American people say overwhelmingly that we have to expand social security benefits by lifting the cap on contributions.
Sanders Economic Agenda Puts Spotlight on Poor and Collapsing Middle Class: 
Right now a billionaire pays the same amount into Social Security as someone who makes $118,500 a year.
This morning I will be on Check local listings and tune in to to watch. 
 May the force be with us.
Tune in to tomorrow morning for a discussion on important issues facing our nation. Check local listings to watch.
 Bernie Sanders Got  Repping.  Thanks Kristen for bringing my T-shirt.   
The economic and political systems of this country are stacked against ordinary Americans.
Today, working families are desperately searching for affordable, quality child care, which is almost impossible to find.
There is a moral responsibility that we must accept to transform our energy system. It cannot be ignored.
The American people are disgusted with the degree that billionaires are able to buy elections. 
 Bernie Speaks   
Americans deserve affordable access to the Internet, not hidden fees and rising prices.
I supported the president’s executive action on immigration—I think that was a good step. But we have to push harder.
Do people know that in many countries throughout Europe, public colleges and universities are either tuition-free or very inexpensive?
For those of us who believe in science, you simply cannot ignore what the scientific community is saying almost unanimously.
 Bernie Sanders' Iowa operation is growing FAST: 29 organizers; 7 field offices open now and 3 more open by Monday, aid…
We are forcing the system to start dealing with the real issues facing the middle class and working families.

Do the American people even know that we’re the only major Western industrialized country that doesn’t guarantee health care for all?
If anyone thinks that the kind of police brutality that we’re seeing now is something new, they are sorely mistaken.
 How does explain his momentum? "I am prepared to take on the billionaire class," he tells 
There is nothing more important than leaving this country, and this planet, habitable for our kids and grandchildren. 
The biggest political problem facing this country is that we don’t discuss the serious issues facing this country. 
The flag belongs in a museum. 
A $1 trillion investment in infrastructure could create 13 million decent paying jobs. We need to invest in infrastructure, not more war.
 At 8:30amET, talks with about his campaign, including recent gains against 
We should be providing jobs and education to our young people  rather than spending more and more money on jails and incarceration.
America is not supposed to be a country where 99 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent.
Show your support for our political revolution. Visit the  store today!  
Millions of young people leave school with crushing debt which impacts their lives for decades.
 Tonight on at 5pm:   
What we need now is an economy that provides decent wages and income for the middle class, not demands that people work even longer hours.
It's beyond belief that in the richest country in the world millions of young people are unable to find work and begin their careers.
This campaign is not only about winning elections, it is about transforming America. 
Our job, in this moment, is not to think small. The United States must lead the world in fighting climate change. 
Bush doesn't understand what's happening in our economy today. Americans already work the longest hours in the western industrialized world.
All over America, people are becoming involved in our campaign because they want change. Real change! That's what this campaign is about.
In Great Britain, new mothers get 40 weeks of paid leave. 70 percent of countries offer paid leave to new fathers as well.

Low-income families are the hardest hit by rising utility prices and among the most vulnerable to the perils of a changing climate.
Yesterday I introduced legislation that would make solar energy more accessible to low-income families. Sign on here: 
Must read from Missing the whole Bernie Sanders point 
Catch up on our exciting weekend in the Granite State!
Are you willing to host or attend an organizing meeting on July 29th? 
When Roosevelt ran for reelection, he welcomed the hatred of what he called “the economic royalists.” I’m prepared to do that as well.
I think the discontent of the American people is far, far greater than the pundits understand.
When workers have an ownership stake in the businesses they work, productivity goes up and employees are more satisfied with their jobs.
I don’t take corporate PAC money, and if, by some accident, some company sent us money, we would send it back—absolutely.
Transforming our energy system will not only protect the environment, it will create good paying jobs.
Show your support for the political revolution. Visit the  store today! 
Bernie may not be for sale, but his merchandise is! Visit the Bernie store today. 
A candidate of the people with merchandise for the people. Visit the  store today! 
I strongly believe Puerto Rico should be afforded the same bankruptcy protections that exist for municipalities across the United States.
People who graduated in 2014 with student debt owed an average of $30,000 each. That’s unsustainable, and unforgivable.
Young people, working people and elderly people are moving in our direction because they want a candidate to take on the establishment.
Talked to last night on about our campaign's momentum and message: 
Politics is about people coming together to improve the lives of all Americans, not just wealthy contributors. 
Thank you to all the supporters who marched with me. Not only do you have great politics, but you can sing as well!
I would like as many debates as possible, and I would also like to break new ground and have debates with Republicans and Democrats.
 "I think the discontent of the American people is far, far greater than the pundits understand" - 
 Bernie Sanders draws about 7,500 people in Portland, Maine 
From ME to CA, the American people understand that establishment politics and establishment economics aren't working for the middle class.
 !!! Hillary advisers believe Bernie "could overtake her in Iowa polls" ; win "nation’s 1st nominating contest there." ht…
Another gigantic crowd! This time in Portland, Maine, where more than 7,500 came out tonight for our rally. 
 The real power behind  isn't the little man on the stage, it's the thousands of people uniting around him 
 What Bernie Sanders’s crowds will look like next week (artist’s projection) 
 We must say loud and clear that healthcare is a right of all human people, says.
 Crowd is so big they've had to open areas that were supposed to stay closed.  
 "In America, women will not be second class citizens.  
 Another packed arena for Bernie Sanders at presidential campaign stop in Portland, Maine - 
 My early guess is 8k screaming fans here for in Portland.Hundreds more couldn't get in. 
 Crowd filled to the top row plus standing for Sanders. Arena seats 9,000. Seems pretty close to that  
LIVE: Watch our rally in Portland, Maine at 
Tune in now to watch our Portland, Maine rally live: 
We’re taking our campaign to Portland, Maine. Tune in at 7pm EST to watch live: 
The  pipeline is bad for our country and bad for the planet. Sign now to take action on climate change: 
We need pay equity in this country so that women make what a man makes for doing the same work.
I am asking Americans from across the country to come together for a series of conversations. Join us on July 29. 
We are a nation proud of its dedication to family values. Why can’t we ensure that new parents have time to bond with their children?
I will be in Portland, Maine tonight to discuss the moral issues of our time. RSVP at  
Medicare is more cost-effective than private insurers, and could serve as the foundation for a single-payer system. 
I applaud the people of Greece for saying ‘no' to more austerity for the the poor, the children, the sick and the elderly.
Even when working Americans face a serious disease like cancer, they have no guarantee of paid sick leave. It doesn’t have to be this way.
We must move away from fossil fuels and into energy efficiency and sustainable energy. 
Of 182 nations that do provide paid leave, more than half guarantee at least 14 weeks off. 
Why do we accept a situation where thousands of qualified people are unable to go to college because their families don’t have enough money?
 This kid enthusiastically led many of the chants in the Waukee parade  
Our contingent in the Waukee, Iowa Fourth of July parade.  
Why must many older Americans be forced to choose between paying for food, shelter, or medical care?
 No rope line here. leads 200+ supporters in Waukee, IA parade  
 getting ready to march in Ames, Iowa! 
  biking for 
Marching today in Creston, Iowa to celebrate Independence Day. 
College tuition is free in Germany, even for citizens of other countries. It’s also free in Denmark, Sweden, Finland, Ireland and Mexico.
We have the moral obligation to do everything humanly possible to defend those men and women who defended us. 
 Record set: 2,300 people thru turnstiles to see Bernie Sanders, event center official tells me. Biggest turnout for si…
Wow! 2,300+ came out for our town meeting in Council Bluffs, Iowa. Largest turnout in Iowa for any single candidate. 
 A crowd of more than 2,000 people has gathered in Council Bluffs, Iowa, waiting for Bernie Sanders to speak. 
Student debt has surpassed credit card debt and is now the second-largest source of personal indebtedness. It doesn’t have to be this way.
 Sunday on  ; then roundtable w/VanJones68 

We have more prisoners, more homeless people, and more economic inequality. It doesn’t have to be this way. We can make better choices.
A full house and then some at Better Day Cafe in Storm Lake, Iowa! 
We have more billionaires in this country than any other nation. We also have more child poverty than any other major industrialized nation.
This morning covered our growing momentum: 
Sheldon town meeting today with 175 Iowans. 
 2016 News: Sen.  campaign headquarters is up ; running. gets first look
Why are we so far behind so many other countries when it comes to meeting the needs of working families and the American middle class?
It's standing room only for our town meeting in Sioux City, Iowa this evening! 
Why can’t every American who is qualified get a higher education, regardless of family income?
Election Day should be a national holiday so that everyone has the time and opportunity to vote.
The fairest way to reduce wealth inequality and preserve our democracy is to enact a progressive estate tax.
I don't represent large corporations and I don't want their money. We have the people.  
When the people stand together, we can win. 
 Sen. woos a crowd of 10,000 in Wisconsin:  
At the end of the day they may have the money, but we have the people and when the people stand together we can win. 
Do you agree that the United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and make health care a right? 
600 show up for brunch this morning in Rochester, Minnesota! Watch on  here  
LIVE on  Town Hall Meeting in Rochester, MN 
 Now leading HuffPost: BERNIEMANIA  
  tells Madison crowd he seeks ‘political revolution’ 
  congrega a 10,000 personas en Wisconsin, ni ni han podido hacer eso aún. 
 AP reports 10,000 packed Coliseum for event in Madison WI. Largest event yet for a 2016 candidate 
 Sanders calls for a political revolution in Madison. 
 It's real.
 in   
Tonight we made a little bit of history as 10,000 came out to support our progressive agenda in Madison, Wisconsin. 
Tune in now to watch live w/ introduction by :  
 We are nearing capacity at the Alliant Energy Center. Has to be 10,000 +here now.   
I am honored by the tremendous turnout in Madison tonight. Tune in at 7PM CDT to watch the rally LIVE: 
 Panorama front of Madison Coliseum   
We need to create an economy that works for all of us not just a handful of billionaires. 
We must energize minorities all across the country to engage in the democratic process and thwart efforts to disenfranchise minority voters.
I applaud the president for continuing to establish full diplomatic relations with Cuba, just like most of the rest of the world.
Very excited for tonights big rally in Madison, Wisconsin. Stay tuned to watch it live on  
Despite huge increases in productivity over the last 100 years, Americans continue to work some of the longest hours on earth.
TPP would expand the profits of big drug companies, keep drug prices artificially high ; leave millions without access to lifesaving drugs.
What this campaign is about is a very radical idea: we’re going to tell the truth.
When you destroy unions, there will be nobody left to negotiate decent jobs for the middle class. 
Let me be clear. Nothing is going to happen, unless we have the courage to take on the billionaire class.
Thanks for supporting the political revolution. Let's work together to stop cowards from suppressing the vote! 
If you are serious about providing affordable care as a right add your name to our petition: 
Why can’t we have the lowest rate of childhood poverty in America instead of the highest? 
 Hi Logan, we're really sorry to hear that. Please give our store a call at 802-363-6099.
If we stand together, we will win.
This overdue change means businesses will no longer be able to shirk their responsibility to pay fair wages. 
  Based on record in Wisconsin I'm strongly opposed to his agenda.
Join us in Madison, Wisconsin on Wednesday for our big rally: 
Contribute before tonight’s  FEC deadline to send a powerful message to the billionaire class: You can’t have it all. 
 These new overtime rules are a political win for Bernie Sanders, too. He pushed the Labor Department hard for them. 
Will you give $20.16 to Bernie 2016 and help us beat expectations for our first FEC deadline? 
Join the Bernie-mentum. Contribute again before our first FEC deadline.  
The top one-tenth of 1 percent own almost as much wealth as the bottom 40 percent.
Help fund our political revolution by getting your made in the U.S.A. union gear here: 
 Sen. Sanders thinks he'll win the White House. 
 It's official I support  His call 4 the restoration of the voters rights act sealed the deal for me.
Thanks for having me on your first episode of  
  discusses his civil rights work with CORE in Chicago abt 50 yrs ago w/ Chairman htt…
Not too many people voted against DOMA in 1996. I did. And because of a grassroots movement for gay rights, public consciousness changed.
With so much violence already in the world, I just don't think the state itself should be killing people. I'm against capital punishment.
Large corporations and their lobbyists have created loopholes enabling corporations to avoid an estimated $100 billion a year in taxes.
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved by now. 
We need to overturn Citizens United and move toward public funding of elections. Do you agree?  
I don’t believe it is a terribly radical idea to say that someone who works 40 hours a week should not be living in poverty.
The scientific community has been extremely clear. We must take bold action to address climate change. 
  told the crowd in Durham, NH today that Dems gave up on the South, but he'll run a 50 state campaign 
 thanks for coming out.
 Senator says he would expand  if elected president:  
Another great crowd in Laconia, New Hampshire as 400 turn out for our town meeting. 
 Bernie Sanders wants to bridge the divide between rural gun-rights advocates and urban gun-control proponents. 
More than 500 pack the house in Durham, New Hampshire for our town meeting. 
 The crowd awaiting Bernie Sanders on a rainy Sunday morning in Rochester, New Hampshire 
LIVE on  Town Hall Meeting in Durham, NH 
   Cuando no tienes status legal no puedes defender tus derechos
It makes a lot more sense to invest in education and jobs than in incarceration.
Come pack the house with other supporters on Wednesday evening in Madison, Wisconsin. RSVP here: 
A large single-payer system already exists in the United States. It's called Medicare and the people enrolled give it high marks.
LIVE on  Town Hall Meeting in Henniker, NH 
Join us in Madison, Wisconsin on Wednesday for our big rally: 
 He’s surging and drawing crowds, but can he beat Clinton in NH? I’ll talk 2016 w/ Sunday on
Great crowd for our house party in Bow!   
 Scenes from rally at Nashua Community College on Saturday.  
Will you be a part of the Bernie-mentum? Join us in Madison on Wednesday at 7pm. RSVP at 
Yesterday our Court finally caught up to the American people.  
LIVE: Town hall meeting in Nashua, NH.  
 With no introduction at all gets a standing O in  just by walking in.  
LIVE on  Town Hall Meeting in Nashua, NH 
 ICYMI: is enjoying a mini-surge. 
  adds stop at Hillsborough County Dem picnic 4pm today to busy NH weekend   
 America should be very proud.  
Health insurance lobbyists and big pharma companies make "national health care" sound scary. It's not. Do you agree? 
I want to thank the hundreds of thousands of people who are anxious to be part of our campaign.

We need a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United and move toward public funding of elections.
Corporate America has mounted vigorous anti-union campaigns. We must make certain that workers are given a fair chance to join a union.
 Our entire team  HQ loved being able to walk down the hall ; applaud the organizers at 
Every man, woman and child in our country should be able to access quality care regardless of their income. 
Today the Supreme Court fulfilled the words engraved upon its building: ‘Equal justice under law.’
We once led the world in the percentage of our people with a college degree. Now we are in 12th place.
I want to send you a free Bernie 2016 bumper sticker! Join the political revolution today. 
We want to send you a free Bernie 2016 bumper sticker! Join the political revolution today. 
 Massive crowd for in Wisconsin for BobFest 2014. Sanders returns for 7/1 event at Coliseum in Madison. …
 Bernie Sanders Closes Gap With Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire 
 Excited to have visit Sheldon on July 3rd - hope you can join us there!   
Join me in Madison to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the middle class must end. 
Tune in to I will be discussing today’s Supreme Court decision on
I will not have a super PAC. That’s why I need you to join me in an unprecedented grass-roots effort. 
Coming up— watch With All Due Respect on for a discussion on important issues facing our nation. 
More than 200,000 signed our petition to for more and earlier debates. Have you? 
As someone who has never run a negative political ad in his life, my campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate.
Today, 35 million Americans lack insurance. It would have been an outrage to throw 6.4 million more people off. 
The Supreme Court recognized the common-sense reading of the ACA. Access to affordable health care shouldn't depend on where you live.
 ¡Bernie-mentum! 
 "Feel the Bern" catchphrase picking up speed now that Bernie Sanders has half the support of Hillary Clinton in Iowa. …
Let us be honest and acknowledge that millions of Americans are now working for totally inadequate wages.
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that our kids and grandchildren can live on a habitable planet.
We should be talking about expanding benefits to make sure that every American can retire with dignity. 
We should do everything possible to guarantee the right to vote, not make it harder. I strongly support the Voting Rights Advancement Act.
Too many of our young people cannot afford a college education and those who are leaving college are faced with crushing debt.
School teachers and educators are real American heroes. I am honored to have their backing. 
We are the richest country in the history of the world yet almost all of the wealth ends up in the hands of the few. 
American workers deserve a trade policy that works for them and not only for the CEOs of major multi-national corporations.
At a time when senior poverty is increasing we should not be talking about cutting Social Security benefits. 
This morning I will be on  Check your local listings to watch.
Despite new technology and increased worker productivity, median family income is almost $5,000 less than in 1999. 
  reunió a unas 5,000 personas en un evento de campaña en  Denver   
Coming up — watch on MSNBC for a discussion on important issues facing our nation.
Momentum is building. Are you ready to join the political revolution? Join our campaign at 
We're hiring field organizers in Iowa! Click here for more information: 
Listen live to my conversation with on  at 4:05pm 
 Get ready for our BIG interview with TOMORROW!  
The TPP vote today will mean a continuation of disastrous trade policies which have cost our country millions of decent-paying jobs.
In my view, the American consumer does not want the tomatoes they eat to be picked by workers who are grossly mistreated and underpaid.
Must read: I’m a deficit hawk when I say we have to ask the largest corporations to pay their fair share. 
There is something profoundly wrong when one family owns more wealth than the bottom 130 million Americans.
It is time to rebuild the middle class and reduce the growing gap between the very rich and everyone else.
  Times' on new campaign staff in   
We need to change outdated overtime rules so that businesses can’t shirk their responsibility by labeling low-paid workers as supervisors.
The confederate flag is a relic of our nation’s stained racial history. It should come down.
Now is not the time for the same old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas. 
Today, shamefully, if you are a Latino child, there is nearly a one in three chance that you are growing up in poverty.
This country faces many serious problems, and establishment politics will not successfully resolve them. 
Must read: Sen. Bernie Sanders draws crowd of 5,500 at University of Denver  via
Families are struggling to put bread on the table, send their kids to college and take care of their basic needs.
Equal pay for equal work. 
Today, shamefully, we have more than 12 million Latinos living in poverty. That’s nearly one out of every four Latinos in this country.
When parents and children can’t spend any time on vacation together during the course of an entire year, that is not a family value.
Restricting access through voter ID laws are thinly-veiled efforts to marginalize communities of color, low-income populations and seniors.
I hope the Republicans listen to what the Pope has to say. Denying the science related to climate change is no longer acceptable.
Thanks to the more than 5,500 Coloradans who came out to our Denver town hall last night.  
 Bernie Sanders packs thousands into a Denver gymnasium 
 Overflow   
 Overflow crowd--biggest for any candidate yet this year--greets in Denver. Remind me why he can't win? htt…
LIVE on  Town hall meeting in Denver, CO 
 Announcement made is full! Atrium will have sound a; video. Nice work  ht…
Wow! Big crowd in Denver tonight. 
To be meaningful, a pathway to citizenship needs be achievable for the millions of workers at the lower end of the economic ladders.
When a husband can’t get time off from work to care for his cancer-stricken wife, that is not a family value.
In my view, every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave.
When a mother is forced to send her sick child to school because she can’t afford to stay home, that is not a family value.
 "He needs his fix of Vermont." How a kid from Brooklyn, became a Vermonter.  
 Thanks for stopping by, For more info, visit  
Momentum is building. A look at the massive turnouts and energy behind our campaign events:
If Congress cannot regulate Wall Street, there is just one alternative: It's time to break up too big to fail banks. 
It is a story rooted in family and fueled by hope. 
 Tonight join and on  with tonight at 10PM on 
If the Export-Import Bank cannot be reformed to become a vehicle for real job creation in the United States, it should be eliminated.
 Sanders calls for immigration policies that unite families  via 
  calls for immigration policies that unite families  via  
Momentum is building. Are you ready to join the political revolution? Join our campaign at 
 Bernie Sanders wants to bring back your 40-hour work week   
 Bernie Sanders tells NALEO he wants to expand DACA 
 touts support for immigration reform, policies at  by  
Too many of our young people cannot afford a college education and those who are leaving college are faced with crushing debt.
  no deja dudas de lo que piensa hacer ni sobre sus posiciones en temas que afectan a trabajadores, la clase…
 I have seen firsthand the impact of our broken immigration system - at   
  habla de su padre, quien emigró desde Polonia y de las oportunidades que obtuvo en EEUU  
We must be aggressive in pursuing policies that are humane, sensible and that keep families together. 
 Bernie Sanders gets a raucous reception in Las Vegas. 
Join us live for our Las Vegas town hall meeting on   
LIVE on  Town hall meeting in Las Vegas, NV 
If we are serious about protecting the planet and improving our economy, we must focus on energy efficiency and renewable energy.
When a mother can’t spend time with her newborn child during the first weeks of life, that is not a family value. 
 oh no! please email customer-servic with your problem and we’ll make it right.
The Charleston church killings are a tragic reminder of the ugly stain of racism that still taints our nation.
 Did you know participated in the March on Washington? Find out more on -1st episode tomorrow
We need an economy that works for all Americans, not just the people at the very top.
Family values: let’s talk about what those words mean. 
We must implement a trade policy that demands that corporate America invests in this country rather than in countries all over the world.
If Congress cannot regulate Wall Street, there is just one alternative:  It is time to break these too big to fail banks up.
Climate change is real. It is caused by human activities. We must lead the world in combating the planetary crisis of global warming.
We should be investing in small businesses and worker-owned enterprises that want to create jobs in the United States of America.
Instead of giving tax breaks to billionaires we should be expanding nutrition programs and other services for seniors.
Virtually every major union and environmental organization in the United States is against the TPP deal.  
What history shows is that when you give tax breaks to the rich and large corporations, the rich get richer, and the federal deficit soars.
We should not be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank.
This campaign is sending a message to the billionaire class:  “you can’t have it all.”
 Bernie Sanders is on the rise in New Hampshire polling.  
  can win the Iowa caucus. 
Billionaires should not be able to buy elections or candidates. We have got to overturn the Citizens United Supreme Court decision.
We need trade policy that benefits working families and not just multinational corporations. Make your voice heard: 
 Bernie-mentum! In NH, it's 41, 31, and at ... 3% 
We must end the scandal in which millions of American employees work 50 or 60 hours a week and earn no overtime.
We need trade policies that represent the working families of this country not just the CEOs of large multinational corporations.
We need a banking system that is part of creating a productive economy, not a handful of huge banks that engage in reckless activities.
Millions of Americans are working for totally inadequate wages. The current federal minimum wage is a starvation wage and must be raised.
Despite exploding technology and increased worker productivity, median family income is almost $5,000 less than it was in 1999.
We’re building a movement of millions of Americans who are prepared to stand up and fight back. 
The minimum wage must become a living wage – which means raising it to $15 an hour over the next few years.
 Early-state polls hint at a Bernie Sanders surge.  | Getty 
We need a mass political movement in this country. Check out our video from VT and NH.
I believe in a path to citizenship, and I agree with President Obama’s plans to do through executive action what Congress refuses to.
In my view, every worker in America should be guaranteed at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave.
Today, incredible as it may sound, one in five seniors live on an average of $7,600 a year. Needless to say, that is totally unacceptable.
 If can win the  for best musical, why can't win the Democratic prez nomination? …
 ; have not only paid $0 in federal income taxes they actually got rebates from the IRS.
 Yesterday the executive board adopted a resolution supporting Senator Sanders. Senator Sanders has been to South... 
 "We have got to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels," says.
This morning I will be on Check your local listings to watch.
Let’s be clear: in terms of protecting the needs of our families the United States lags behind virtually every major country on earth.
At the Hawkeye Labor Council AFL-CIO annual steak fry in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. 
Thanks everyone for coming out for our town meeting in Marshalltown, Iowa! 
Since the Wall Street crash of 2008, more than 99% of all new income has gone to the top 1%. America needs a political revolution.
In 1952, corporations contributed about 32% of all federal revenue. Today, they contribute about 11%.
We are very pleased to have the support of the South Carolina AFL-CIO executive board! 
It is time to say loudly and clearly that corporate greed and the war against the American middle class must end. 
Today in the United States the top 1% earns more income than the bottom 50%. Does that make sense?
This campaign isn't about Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton. It's about the needs of the American people ; the ideas to address those needs.
 "Why Bernie Sanders excites students and young voters"  
We have a situation where hedge fund managers pay an effective tax rate lower than a truck driver or a nurse. Isn’t it time for a change?
The struggle for equality continues today in America, and the front line of that struggle is the inner cities throughout our nation.
Congress Deals a Setback to the Corporate Trade Agenda   
 To have an idea of what tonight's crowd for has been like 
  - Equality is our birthright 
Big crowd for our town hall meeting this evening in Des Moines, Iowa.  
 "There is something profoundly wrong when 99% of all new income is going to the top 1%" - Bernie Sanders
 Booming applause for as he takes stage for town meeting in Des Moines. "Woah! A lot of people here tonight,"…
 Capacity crowd at for event  
 Analyzing Bernie Sanders' claim that Americans largely back his agenda. (He's right.) 
I believe we must not balance the budget on the backs of the elderly, the sick and the poor and ask nothing from the wealthy.
 estimates that  has led to the loss of more than 680,000 US jobs. Sign here to oppose the TPP: 
I applaud the House for today's vote. While the fight will no doubt continue, it's a victory for America’s working people and environment.
I support 12 weeks of paid leave for every worker. Say you support paid leave for mothers ; fathers too. 
We want to send you a free Bernie 2016 bumper sticker! Join the political revolution today. 
The TPP outsources jobs, undercuts worker rights, and dismantles labor laws. Sign the petition to say no to  
We need trade policies that rebuild our manufacturing sector, not agreements that will lead to fewer jobs and lower wages. 
  "They told us NAFTA was going to create jobs. Now they're telling us  is going to create jobs." 
 NEXT on trade, Hillary, lack of a Super PAC ; the campaign buildup. 
 estimated that Permanent Normal Trade Relations with China led to the net loss of over 2.7 million American jobs. 
It is time that corporate America created jobs in this country, not low-wage countries abroad. 
At a time of massive inequality, the Republicans believe that the richest people in America need to be made even richer.
We need pay equity in this country so that women make what a man makes for doing the same work.
 “Youth Unemployment and Dr. King’s Dream” by 
On tonight to discuss important issues behind our 2016 campaign
I was honored to be among those who marched on Washington with Dr. MLK Jr. Read my piece about his dream on 
It's time to declare once and for all:   —  on the streets and on the job. Read my piece in 
Follow our campaign on here: 
I support 12 weeks of paid leave for every worker. Say you support paid leave for mothers ; fathers too. 
Today virtually no piece of legislation can get passed unless it has the ok from corporate America.
We shouldn't be providing corporate welfare to multi-national corporations through the Export-Import Bank.
We want to send you a free Bernie 2016 bumper sticker! 
No single financial institution should be so large that its failure would cause catastrophic risk to millions of American jobs.
Democracy Daily is an online space where people can come to learn more about the issues behind our movement. 
The scientific community has been virtually unanimous: Climate change is real. Our job is to aggressively transform our energy system.
Nothing significant happens in terms of social change unless a strong grassroots movement takes place.
We can live in a country where all of our qualified young people, regardless of income, can go to college.
 Best line of the year, from "If the environment were a bank, it would have been saved by now."
We need a mass political movement in this country. Check out our video from VT and NH over the weekend: 
We need to overturn Citizens United and move toward public funding of elections. 
We can live in a country where every person has health care as a right, not a privilege.
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that our kids and grandchildren can live on a habitable planet. 
  estaría sólo 9 puntos por debajo de Clinton, en encuesta hecha en Wisconsin  
  not a Democrat, got 41 percent in an official Wisconsin Democratic Party straw poll 
 Bernie Sanders scored 41 percent in a straw poll vote at the Wisconsin Democratic Party convention this weekend 
A NYTimes poll shows that 74% of the American people think that large corporations have too much influence on American life and politics.
 Bernie Sanders, the uncompromising ideologue, helped produce one of the biggest bipartisan bills of the last congress 
Must read from Wisconsin Straw Poll: Clinton 49 Percent, Sanders 41 Percent 
No we will not cut Social Security. 
 Wisconsin State Democratic Convention straw poll 49  41%. More than 500 delegates pa…
Wisconsin Democrats straw poll: Clinton 49% - Sanders 41%. 
We need to hold thousands of meetings like this one in Keene, NH, all over the country: 
Brattleboro's 14th annual Strolling of the Heifers festival was "udderly fantastic." 
We had 750+ out to a great town meeting in Keene, NH yesterday. Check out the coverage from 
NEWS: Standing room only crowd for our town meeting in Keene, New Hampshire. 
Standing room only crowd for our town meeting in Keene, New Hampshire! 
Annual Strolling of the Heifers parade in Brattleboro, Vermont. 
LIVE on  Sen. Sanders is marching in Brattleboro, VT's Strolling of the Heifers 
  returning to Iowa next week. Fri. June 12 in DSM; Sat in Marshalltown, CR; Sun in Waterloo, IA Falls ; I…
Video from on the campaign trail with  
More than 90,000 have signed our petition to for more and earlier 2016 debates. Have you? 
Now is the time for millions of working families to come together to revitalize American democracy. Join us: 
This great nation and its government belong to all of the people, not to a handful of billionaires, their Super-PACs and their lobbyists.
 We apologize for the inconvenience. The demand has been exceedingly high. We hope to fix the store soon.
 Bernie Sanders pitches $5.5 billion youth employment bill  
American democracy is not about billionaires being able to buy candidates and elections. It is one person-one vote and no voter suppression.
 spent three days on the campaign trail with us. Check it out: 
 We had a great meeting in Coralville several months ago! Looking forward to coming back.
Must read from As the rich become super-rich, they pay lower taxes. For real. 
 I'll speak live w/ Democratic presidential candidate during the 1PM ET hour. Please join us. 
The gap between the very rich and everyone else in America is wider today than at any time since the 1920s.
Footage from our campaign trip to Iowa: 
The people of this country are tired of political gossip, personal attacks and ugly 30-second ads. I've never run a negative ad in my life.
Americans want candidates to engage in serious discussions about the issues facing our country. Sign my petition: 
Please add your name to my letter to urging more debates for 2016 candidates starting this summer. 
Coming up -- watch on MSNBC for a discussion on our new proposal for debating the serious issues in 2016.
Now is not the time for thinking small. Now is not the time for the same old establishment politics and stale inside-the-beltway ideas.
Coming up at 12:15pm ET -- we'll be on with to talk about the importance of debates in 2016.
 In 30 min Andrea interviews Iowa? O'Malley? USA Freedom Act? Will his candidacy gain relevant tra…
Billionaires buying elections is not what our Constitution stands for. We need a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United.
 ICYMI: I spoke w/ yesterday about the USA Freedom Act: 
 It might be time for to start booking bigger venues. 
 Bernie Sanders pleads for more debates  via
Tonight at 12:35/11:35c on watch an interview with on our 2016 campaign and the major issues facing our nation.
Watch our Minneapolis town hall meeting: 
 LIVE at 3pm: I'm speaking with What questions would you like me to ask? Tweet me using  
 "Objects in your rear-view mirror are closer than they appear" - Iowa Dem leader to Clintonites aft visit 
 Challenging Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders Gains Momentum in Iowa 
  packs gym – and stairwells – in Iowa City   via 
What a week we had in Vermont, New Hampshire, Iowa and Minnesota:  
 How Bernie Sanders' 'radical' ideas entered the municipal mainstream 
I voted against the USA Patriot Act and will continue to do all that I can to prevent us from moving toward and Orwellian society.
Addressing the overflow crowd in Minneapolis. 
Thanks to the thousands who came out for our Minneapolis meeting! Apologies to those still waiting in line outside. 
 Sorry about that Marcos. We need a bigger venue!
Video of the line outside our Minneapolis event this morning. Amazing crowd of thousands: 
Excited for our town hall meeting in Minneapolis. Thanks everyone for coming out! 
 Lots of great photos from in Ames today. He continues to draw big crowds:  
Watch this Sunday for an interview on our 2016 campaign and the important issues facing our nation.
Questions in the Quad Cities 
About 600 came out to celebrate our campaign kickoff in Ames, Iowa! 
We must be touching a nerve! Another 300 listening outside in Iowa City. 
Thanks Iowa City for coming out to our town meeting today. 
I ask you to join me in this campaign to build a future that works for all of us, and not just the few on top. 
With a mounting sense of excitement, our three-day Iowa swing had us in Davenport, Muscatine and West Branch. 
Continuing our road trip in beautiful West Branch, Iowa -- 200 came out for our backyard house party. 
  gets his lemonade in West Branch  
Another great turnout in Iowa at Muscatine County Democrats meeting. 
 Davenport Mayor: Sanders 'a serious player' in Iowa    
Let us be honest and acknowledge that millions of Americans are now working for totally inadequate wages. 
I am glad to hear that the State Department has removed Cuba from their list of state-sponsored terrorists.
Our first day in Iowa was a big success: 
 Crowd of 500+ for Bernie Sanders in Davenport may be largest for an individual candidate in Iowa this year.
 In Vermont, NH and now Iowa events are packed -- often drawing 2X expected crowds.
My campaign will be driven by issues and serious debate, not political gossip. 
  campaign event in Iowa drew more than 2x the crowd organizers expected. was there: 
Our first day on the trail in New Hampshire was beyond belief. Check it out: 
Great crowd tonight. Thank you for having me! 
 bumper stickers start to appear. Have you ordered yours? Ready to   h…
Photos and a recap from our first day on the campaign trail in New Hampshire: 
Our goal as a nation must be to ensure that no full-time worker lives in poverty.
 You can check out our store here: 
Packed town hall meeting in Portsmouth, NH today. 
LIVE on  Senator Sanders is live at his Portsmouth, NH Town Hall. 
LIVE on  Senator Sanders is live at his Portsmouth, NH Town Hall 
LIVE on  Senator Sanders is live at his Epping, NH Town Hall 
 2016 News: talks to large overflow crowd outside of his Concord event   
LIVE on  Sen. Sanders is live holding a town hall meeting in  
Must Read: Bernie Sanders Just Fired the Opening Shots of His "Political Revolution" In Vermont by 
 PHOTO: Bernie  has some very passionate supporters here in   
Join the political revolution. 
Watch our kickoff from Burlington live:  
Burlington Police estimate more than 5,000 showed up for our big launch. Join us live at  
About to take the stage here in Burlington. Tune in at  
Watch our big kickoff live now at  
Hours before our official launch in Burlington: 
Join us today for the beginning of a political revolution. Live broadcast begins at 5PM EDT at 
Join us today for the beginning of a political revolution. Live broadcast begins at 5PM EDT at  
 Yes, there are for prez signs as crews prepare for today's kickoff.   
 View from the press risers kick off @ Waterfront Park.   
 Why you shouldn't count Bernie Sanders out of the 2016 race just yet:  (Bill Clark/Getty) 
We're excited to launch our new  Follow us on the campaign trail: 
 Bernie "we have an obscene mal-distribution of wealth and income." 
Video from our Memorial Day parade in Vergennes, Vermont: 
Memorial Day parade in Middlebury, Vt. 
The skyrocketing level of income and wealth inequality is not only grotesque and immoral, it is economically unsustainable.
Despite an explosion in technology and a huge increase in productivity, the middle class continues to disappear.
This country faces many serious problems, and establishment politics will not successfully resolve them.
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages, while virtually all new income goes to the people who need it the least.
Wall Street cannot be an island  separate from the rest of the productive economy whose only goal is to make as much money as possible.
Most of the Wall Street financial institutions that we bailed out because they were "too big to fail," are now bigger than they used to be.
 ALE →  will report Tuesday from Burlington, VT on official presidential campaign kickoff. 
It's time to break up the big banks. If they're too big to fail, they're too big to exist. That's the bottom line.
For 30 years I've stood up for workers in this country, and I believe I am the only candidate now prepared to take on the billionaire class.
 Glad to hang w/ Sen Sanders tonite at CAP event...thank you for your work on college affordability 
Excited for to speak at our kickoff event on Tuesday in Burlington! 
The Senate just put the interests of powerful multi-national corporations, drug companies and Wall Street ahead of the needs of our workers.
A political revolution is coming. Text BERNIE to 82623 to sign up for important mobile alerts from 
Thank you Kinsey for being the 100,000th contributor to our presidential campaign. 
 Jerry Greenfield of says he hopes to scoop ice cream prez campaign kick off.   
Support my bill to make public colleges and universities tuition-free:   
I congratulate the Los Angeles City Council for voting to raise the minimum wage to $15 per hour.
 We live in a highly-competitive global econ-if our eco is to be strong we need the best-edu work force 
 America's views align surprisingly well with those of "socialist" Bernie Sanders  
In this economy, college is the new high school. We need to make it affordable for all Americans so that we can compete on the world stage.
We're on at 4 p.m. EST. Ask me anything. 
 -- that's how we'll compete effectively in this new global economy. Support my bill: 
Support my bill to make public college tuition-free:  
The U.S. needs to learn from countries like Germany that investing in our young people is smart public policy. 
Every American who has the desire and ability should be able to get an affordable college education.  
Let's invest in young people by making tuition free at all public colleges. Today, I will introduce a revolutionary bill to do just that.
Sat down to talk with about trade, our middle class and ongoing wars in the Middle East: 
I believe that in a democratic, civilized society none of our people should be hungry or living in desperation.
 This donation chart shows just how different Bernie Sanders and Rand Paul really are  
We have a moral responsibility to make certain that our kids and grandchildren can live on a habitable planet.
Today, the most serious problem we face is the grotesque and growing level of wealth and income inequality.
Watch this morning at 9 a.m. and noon ET for a discussion about our campaign.
 How won the talk radio primary: 
The United States must lead the world in combating climate change and transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels.
We need a massive federal jobs program which puts millions of our people back to work rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure.
Sunday at 9 a.m. and noon ET: Watch me on for a discussion about our campaign for president.
A fantastic video compilation from one of our supporters on Reddit. Thanks /u/jb2386! 
We are the richest country in the world but that means nothing when almost all of the wealth and income ends up in the hands of the few.
Since 1999, the typical middle-class family has seen its income go down by almost $5,000 after adjusting for inflation.
 Anti- laws in countries like Brunei and Malaysia are one reason Congress should oppose the  ; say  argues…
Despite exploding technology and increased productivity, millions of Americans today are working longer hours for lower wages.
We are experiencing a government of the billionaire class, by the billionaire class and for the billionaire class.
Why would we approve another trade deal like those that have failed so miserably? 
Trade agreements should not just work for corporate America. They have got to benefit the working families of our country.
The United States must move toward a Medicare-for-all single-payer system. Health care is a right not a privilege.
While a member of the House Financial Services Committee, I was one of those leading the fight against the deregulation of Wall Street.
We need to fundamentally rewrite our trade agreements so that our largest export does not become decent-paying American jobs.
It is absurd that in 1952, corporate income taxes provided 32 percent of federal revenue while, in 2014, they provided 11 percent.
We must listen to the scientists and lead the world in halting climate change so this planet is habitable for our kids and grandchildren.
Today, the top 0.1% owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90%, and one family owns more than the bottom 42%.
Over a period of a few years the national minimum wage should be $15 per hour.
Coming up at 5 p.m. ET: watch for an interview on trade with 
Must read from Banks brace for Bernie Sanders 
I am vigorously opposed to the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement, and will do everything that I can to defeat it.
Shamefully, the United States remains the only major industrialized country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all people.
Bernie will thank the 100,000th donor with a personal phone call. Will it be you?  
It is not acceptable that millionaire hedge fund managers are able to pay lower effective tax rates than truck drivers or nurses.
This country belongs to all of us, not just the billionaire class. That’s what this campaign is all about.
Watch this morning on CBS for a discussion on our 2016 presidential campaign.
We must launch a political revolution which engages millions of Americans from all walks of life in the struggle for real change.
Children should not go hungry in this country while profitable corporations and the wealthy avoid their tax responsibilities.
On Sunday morning on CBS to talk about our 2016 campaign. Tune in!
Please join the grassroots revolution that we desperately need. 
I want candidates to debate the real issues facing our country, not spend millions on ugly and negative 30-second ads.
Millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages, while virtually all new income goes to the people who need it the least.
I voted against the Patriot Act every time it came up, and it still needs major reform.
A discussion from 1989 on the failure of our elected officials to address the needs of working-class Americans.  
It's time to make our government work for all of us, and not just the top one percent. Join our campaign: 
The billionaires and their super PACs increasingly control the American political process. That's why we must overturn Citizens United.
In my view, the NSA is out of control and operating in an unconstitutional manner.
The great challenge that we face... 
I'm running for working families and the middle class, not against Watch my chat with 
No single financial institution should have holdings so extensive that its failure could send the world economy into crisis.
I believe we should break up the big Wall Street banks. If they're too big to fail, they're too big to exist.
 A new poll finds that gains ground in New Hampshire for 2016  
It is better to show up than to give up. Join us: 
I'm running for the Democratic nomination because we must change course, or risk losing the future for so many to the interests of so few.
On with at 8:30 a.m. EST to talk about our 2016 campaign.
Thank you, Manchester,  for a great weekend. Let's keep the momentum going. Join us.
Today virtually no piece of legislation can get passed unless it has the okay from Wall Street and corporate America.
Watch the video from our first official 2016 campaign trip to New Hampshire: 
Last night with on 
First official 2016 campaign stop in Manchester, New Hampshire. 
Change will not come without political participation. Join our campaign at 
On with at 9:15 p.m. to discuss our 2016 campaign. Tune in.
What kind of nation are we when we give tax breaks to billionaires but we can't take care of the elderly and the children?
It's way past time that corporate America begin to create jobs in this country, not low-wage countries abroad.
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much, while so many have so little.
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty.
They have the money, but we have the people. In the end, I believe the people can win. Join our campaign at 
I’m hoping to lead the fight against the TPP so that we do not continue to see shutdowns of factories in America.
Video from with 
We are at a moment of truth. We need to face up to the reality of where we are as a nation, and we need a mass movement to fight for change.
A successful national campaign is a massive undertaking, especially when we will be heavily outspent. Join us: 
I am running because I know we must change course now, or risk losing the future for so many to the interests of so few.
I run not to oppose any woman or man, but to propose new and far-reaching policies to deal with the crises of our times.
 Tomorrow on I’m sitting down with the newest 2016 contender: 
Our movement needs people like you involved to help it succeed. Add your name now to say you support our campaign. 
Our middle class is at a tipping point. It will not last another generation if we don’t boldly change course now. 
Speaking to the leadership of the NH AFL-CIO about ways to rebuild the middle class (North Conway, NH). 
The disastrous Citizens United case and other related decisions are undermining the very foundations of American democracy.
First official campaign event in Manchester, NH. More than 100 strong. Great event! 
The people at the top are grabbing all the new wealth and income for themselves, and the rest of America is being squeezed and left behind.
This campaign isn't about Bernie Sanders. 
America is ready for a new path to the future. Together we can make profound changes. Please join our campaign at 
With your help, we are off to a great start. In the last day we had over 100,000 join us, 35,000 donate, and raised more than $1.5 million.
I believe that together we can change America, and breathe new life into the soul of our nation. That is what our campaign is all about.
Contribute now to our campaign for President. 
I don't represent the big-money interests and I don't want their money.
Thanks Looking forward to debating the big issues: income inequality, climate change ; getting big money out of politics.
America is ready for a new path to the future. Together we can make profound changes. Please join our campaign. 
Follow me on Reddit. 
Congratulations to all of you. 
I am running for President of the United States because America needs a political revolution. Join our campaign: 
