See you soon, Donald.  
My full statement: 
I'm immensely proud of the campaign we ran. I'm deeply grateful to all the Americans who voted for me, and to our dedicated staff and volunteers. I want you to stay engaged, active, and committed to our issues. I will be right there with you. And together, we will get it done.
Three months ago, I entered the race to defeat Donald Trump. Today, I'm leaving for the same reason. Defeating Trump starts with uniting behind the candidate with the best shot to do it. It's clear that is my friend and a great American, 
Thanks to our supporters who went to the polls, knocked on doors, made phone calls, and sent texts to friends. We couldn't have done this without you.We're 100 days into our campaign - and we're more determined than ever to defeat Donald Trump and rebuild America. 
I don't just have plans - I offer the leadership to turn plans into reality. I'm ready to roll up my sleeves, to unite and rebuild America - and make it fairer and better.And I’m going to keep working. Great meeting Floridians in West Palm Beach tonight. 
Thanks for your support, American Samoa! Together, we'll defeat Donald Trump and rebuild America. 
Polls are still open in many states. To find your polling location, go to 
It’s always great to be back in Florida. Together, with your support, we will beat Trump and rebuild America. Join us LIVE: 
Everyone thinks I have a massive data operation fueling my campaign.But really it’s just predicting the future. 
Today, I visited the Pulse memorial with Maria ; Fred Wright, whose son Jerry was killed in the 2016 Pulse nightclub shooting.In the fight against gun violence, this is who we are fighting for: Maria, Fred, Jerry and everyone else in America. 
We have a choice today:Between empty promises and solid solutions.Between talking and doing.Between losing and winning.I think the choice is clear. I hope you’ll join me in this fight.  
Our incredible team in American Samoa, who calls themselves "Protectors of the Earth," not only got out the vote but took time out of their day to clean up a park. Together, we will elect a president who believes in climate change. Thank you all for all that you're doing. 
The stakes this November couldn't be higher.Join me in the fight to protect the liberties that define our nation. 
Rhode Island is lucky to have as Governor. She’s delivered for voters and brought good paying jobs to the Ocean State. Just like I did in NYC, and just like Governor Raimondo has done in Rhode Island, I will deliver for the everyday American. 
Si quieres luchar contra el cambio climático.Si quieres terminar la violencia con armas de fuego.Si quieres servicios médicos asequibles para todos.Entonces vota por mí. Yo lo lograré.Encuentra tu casilla de votación: 
Calandrian, you’ve been the heart of this campaign. You're why I’m running. And your strength is why we’ll win. Thank you. 
I love the campaign trail. In each of my elections, it's not the victory party I remember most, it's the people I've met along the way. The hands I shook, the stories I heard. This time is no different. To everyone I've met the past 100 days - thank you for inspiring me. 
 Just voted for !!! Make sure to vote to the bottom of the ballot! htt…
If you want to combat climate change.If you want to end gun violence.If you want affordable universal health care.Then vote for me. I will   Find your polling location:  
 When we are in our darkest moments, I want someone who will bring us some sunshine and hope.I want someone who will…
 In Austin, Texas, Ventura Aguilar, 64, retired, said he’d be voting for He voted in 2016 for
Thank you, BetteNow let's get Trump out of the White House! 
My mom and dad taught me about hard work.My mom and dad taught me how to treat people right. Everything I’ve worked for is thanks to them. Everything I’ve worked for has led to today. 
A vote for me is a vote to defeat Donald Trump.  
Donald, I was surprised when you put Pence in charge of the coronavirus response. Seems like an awfully obvious admission that you aren’t up to the job yourself. Is it true that he’s basically running things now? 
 Alright, Virginia.... it is time to vote for because we know he will defeat 
We have been watching the news coming out of Tennessee with heavy hearts and are praying for the communities that have been devastated by tornadoes and the families of those who have died.
Today is our first step to making Donald Trump a one-term president. I'm running to bring integrity and competency back to the White House. But I can't do it alone. We need you to vote — and we need your friends to vote — and your friends' friends to vote!  
Let’s work to rebuild America together.Let’s make tomorrow morning better than today.Thank you to Michael Douglas for lending your voice to ours. 
Today, gun violence will claim the lives of 100 Americans.And tomorrow.And the day after that.Our students see that we need to do something about it.Why don’t we? 
“A horrible, vicious cycle that needs to be addressed.”That’s how Alani Billups, a student at Spelman College, described the epidemic of gun violence against women.I couldn't agree more. 
If you live in:Alabama, American Samoa, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, or are abroad...The work starts tomorrow. We’ll defeat Trump and rebuild America. 
Not everyone loves what I have to say on guns. But here’s the truth: I won’t touch the 2nd Amendment, but I will pass gun safety laws. 
I believe we have an obligation to help others. We have a moral obligation to make sure that if you get sick, you will get medical care. But we can achieve universal coverage without kicking 155 million Americans off their health insurance. 
I have led on the issues that Democrats care most about—from gun violence to climate change to immigration. In 2018, I helped Democrats win the House, and in 2020 I will send Donald Trump back to Mar-a-Lago — once and for all. 
I’ve worked my entire life for what I have. I can look you in the eye and say that nobody can buy me.  
When I was mayor, I raised taxes on the rich and enacted a local Earned Income Tax Credit to help low-income New Yorkers.As president, I’ll expand the EITC. Combined with a $15 minimum wage, we’ll bring economic opportunity and stability to everyone. 
Amazon should pay their taxes like everyone else.
I was mayor of NYC during hurricanes, terrorist plots and disease outbreaks. I know what it takes to make it through hard times because I always had a plan. The coronavirus is no different. We need to prepare and we need to let the experts do their jobs.  
The presidency is a management job. You’re responsible for 4 million employees and 330 million citizens. If you’re a legislator, you don't know how to run anything.I have run a company. I have run a city. I know exactly how to do the job as president.
The presidency is not an entry-level job. We are seeing what happens when we elect a talker, not a doer. We need someone with a record of solving tough challenges — and no one has a stronger record than me.
 BREAKING: Presidential candidate and former Mayor of New York, signs on to NLC's  2020 C…
We launched our campaign in Virginia because we can’t win in November without winning Virginia.Thank you to all our supporters for all their hard work. Now let’s go  
Here's my story. 
 Conozco a desde hace años. Siendo alcaldes de las dos ciudades más grandes de EEUU colaboramos en asuntos como la seguridad en el uso de armas y el cambio climático.Estas luchas no son fáciles. Ayuda cuando gente como el alcalde Villaraigosa está de tu lado. 
I’ve known for years. As the mayors of the two largest cities in America, we partnered together to take on issues like gun safety and climate change. These fights are never easy. But it helps when people like Mayor Villaraigosa are by your side. 
Tonight, I’m delivering my message directly to American voters on how I plan to defeat Donald Trump and rebuild America.I hope you’ll tune in at 6:30 PM EST. 
Tomorrow is Super Tuesday. We’ll be on the ballot for the first time.But the work won’t stop there. This week, I’ll be in states we need to win in November: Michigan, Pennsylvania, Florida.I’m in this race to win the nomination and make Donald Trump a one-term president.
My commitment to reducing gun violence is not about guns. It’s about the lives that gun violence destroys and cuts short. It’s about our children, and their futures. 
Government can work for the people if the right leaders are in place. When I was mayor, we improved health care, fixed a broken school system, and cut crime by 32%.I know that government can improve people’s lives - because when I ran NYC, that’s exactly what we did. 
With coronavirus spreading, there are a few things we can all do to stay safe:-Wash your hands frequently-If you have a cough, stay home ; rest-Avoid touching eyes, nose ; mouth-Cover your mouth when sneezing or coughingFor more information, visit 
America is better off because Senator ran for president. She inspired voters by simply being true to herself. Her toughness can’t be denied. Democrats will need her voice to help us win in November.
I sat down with to talk about how we must do more to protect the rights of women in this country.I want to thank Cecile, and for having me.
Donald Trump has halted American progress. We need a leader with real solutions to issues like health care, climate change, and gun safety. I’ve been training for this job for 20 years. I’m honored to have earned the endorsement. 
Like me, knows that we'll need to work together to fix Washington. We've learned the hard way that no president can do it alone.If we want to pass things like affordable health care, we are going to have to work across the aisle and a real leader in the White House. 
Our country owes a debt to those who protect our freedom.For too long, that debt has gone unpaid.Our veterans should be able to come home and find good jobs and quality health services. We can get that done. Here’s how:  
If I am elected president, Americans will never have to choose between supporting Israel and supporting our values here at home. I will defend both because I know they are inextricably linked.   
184 years ago today, Texas declared its independence from Mexico and became a sovereign country. The spirit and strength of that revolution is alive and well in Texans today. It is that spirit that will make Donald Trump a one-term president.Let’s get it done! 
Gracias y Cruz Bustamante por su apoyo.Ustedes conocen las necesidades de su comunidad y concuerdo, es tiempo de cerrar brechas económicas, educativas y de salud que han detenido el progreso de muchos latinos.via 
I believe that ALL Americans deserve to feel safe at home and at work.I believe that ALL Americans deserve affordable access to the healthcare they need.I believe that ALL Americans deserve to feel empowered to be themselves. Join  
No other Democrat has created more than 450,000 jobs.No other Democrat has my record of standing up to the gun lobby.No other Democrat has my record of fighting climate change. No other Democrat will defeat Donald Trump. 
 Be honest and keep it simple. 
 In this presidential race, there has been only one candidate who has spoken about working to ensure one million 
Very sad Washington Post story with your own aides trashing you and making fun of you behind your back. They know that you are not up to this  — and they are scared for the country. 
I’ve met with thousands of Texans who care about our country and our future. They want affordable health care, a healthy planet, and an immigration system that works.We can get that done. But to do it, we need your help.Join here:  
Black families in the U.S. have 1/10th the wealth of white families. That's unacceptable. My  plan will close the wealth gap by:-Creating 1 million new Black homeowners-Doubling the number of Black businesses-Tripling Black wealth over the next 10 years
The coronavirus is spreading. Concern is growing. The economy has taken a hit. Tonight, I’m addressing the nation because Donald Trump has yet again failed to lead. I’ve led in crises before. As president, I’ll trust the science and let the experts do their jobs. 
Selma has seen some of the most important civil rights demonstrations of our time.Thousands of people have marched these streets demanding equality.That fight is not over.True equality means that wealth in this country should have no relation to race or ethnicity. 
We both know you ran for POTUS to resurrect your dying TV career. No one was more surprised that you won than you. Now you are terrified because you ; your aides (who laugh at you behind your back and leak bad stories to the press) know you aren’t up to dealing with this crisis. 
Instead of watching me on why don't you spend 60 minutes getting up to speed on the coronavirus crisis you're mismanaging? Is that too much to ask? 
 ran a strong campaign that inspired audiences and made history. His dedication to serving our nation - as a mayor and veteran - reflected a love of country I deeply admire.  Our party is stronger and our nation is better because of his run.
No state has more Super Tuesday delegates than California.And in less than 100 days, we’ve shown that we have the strength to defeat Donald Trump and rebuild America - together. Join to help us   
Tonight, I am addressing the nation regarding COVID-19 and the steady leadership America needs and deserves during this growing crisis. 
All across Maine, our staff and volunteers have shown that we are truly a national campaign. From coast to coast, we are winning and proving how we can beat Donald Trump.For Mainers, that starts Tuesday. Join and show how strong we are:  
Utah sees right through Donald Trump’s charade. And our volunteers and staff there have shown that we have the strength to win there, starting on Super Tuesday.Join this weekend and help us rally the vote:  
Seven offices. Over 40 staff members. Thousands of volunteers. All in less than 100 days. This is how we win. Join this weekend and ensure our victory:  
 “A few years ago there was a revolution against the intelligentsia... This cycle, people want stability.” Michael Bloomberg…
In less than 100 days, we’ve opened eight offices with more than 50 staff in Colorado.In less than 100 days, Colorado has shown we have the ground game to win the nomination and beat Trump.Join this weekend and help us win on Super Tuesday:  
 Michael Bloomberg calls the President's comments on coronavirus "incomprehensible." See more of our interview with the candi…
Thank you both for all of your hard work! I couldn't do this without you. 
This land is your land. This land is my land. This land is not for sale. The natural beauty and purity of our public lands must be preserved. Together, we can defeat Donald Trump and keep our protected lands off the market. 
From Alexandria to Norfolk, we’ve been mobilizing Virginia for a fight for the future of America.Our 80+ staff and volunteers have put us in a prime position to defeat Donald Trump.We need you to help us finish the job. Join us here: 
“In God we trust. Everyone else bring data.”This has been the guiding principle of my life’s work.Unlike Trump, I believe in science. I respect facts. I honor the truth. And I’m proud to have the support of dozens of America’s most esteemed scientists. 
Competency vs. Chaos. Science vs. Fiction. The choice is clear. 
It's clear you're worried about running against me Donald -- but how about worrying about something else today? Coronavirus is threatening Americans, and you've gutted our preparedness.  Put down the phone and do your job. 
This  we mark the centennial of women gaining the right to vote. Generations worked to secure that right, but the march for equal rights continues - and we must confront gender inequities that still exist.  
In December, we opened our first field office in Charlotte, NC. Today, we have 8 offices across the state and 125 staffers. In three months, we’ve come so far - and I’m glad to be back with our supporters today. Together, we'll  
We’ve been rallying the troops to defeat Trump in TX since December. We’ve got 19 field offices, 180 staff, and our team has been making calls and knocking on doors across the state. Now we need you to help us bring it home on Tuesday.Join us:  
Trump was briefed on coronavirus two months ago.Now, he calls it a hoax.It’s not just that he’s bad at leading - he is incapable of leading. 
To the 200+ staffers in 24 offices across California and the those who’ve knocked on doors, called voters, and built this campaign: You are carrying us to victory.This weekend will be a pivotal moment for our campaign. I hope you’ll join  
Here’s a radical idea: let’s elect a president who has actually led before.  The only thing Trump has led is a round of applause for himself.  The way you solve problems like the coronavirus is by preparing for them ahead of time. 
During a public health emergency, we need a leader who is calm, cool, collected, and consistent.We need a leader who knows what to do, and how to do it.Ladies and gentlemen, the current President of the United States: 
From the moment he swore the oath of office, Donald Trump has attacked women and women's rights. He threatens women's health and safety, through his policies and his judicial appointments. I’m in Virginia today with the team because stopping Trump starts on Tuesday. 
I trust and value the scientists who dedicate their lives to making our country and world a healthier place.As president, I'll invite back former scientists who were pressured to resign or let go from the federal government during Trump’s administration.  
A president’s number one responsibility is keeping Americans safe. No excuses. No passing the buck. We need a leader who recognizes threats early and acts decisively. I can promise you that’s the kind of leader I’ll be. 
I believe in science. I trust the facts. Trump lives in a fantasy world where only his opinion matters. I’ll work with the scientific community to keep Americans safe.Join   
Thank you, Marie.Climate change is an existential threat to America and the world. I’ve been fighting for our environment for decades. I’m running because I know how to solve the problem. 
If Trump wasn’t so busy firing his scientists and calling the coronavirus a hoax, we might be better prepared for it.Once again, he has failed the country. We cannot afford another 4 years of Trump.  It's a matter of life and death. 
No other candidate has a more comprehensive plan to create Black wealth.No other candidate has a better record of turning plans into action.We have to close the wealth gap in this country. And we can get it done.   
On our campaign, every volunteer counts. Every vote counts. Every voice counts. I’m glad to be back in Virginia this morning to get out the vote with our  coalition. Join and watch LIVE: 
1 out of 4 women will experience violence or sexual assault in their lifetime. In NYC, Yolanda Jimenez and I addressed the issue head on. As president, I’ll build on our work to make sure no woman lives in fear in America. 
Here it is, folks. With a pandemic at our doorstep and the country looking to its president for leadership, Trump decides to call the coronavirus... a "hoax." This is what cowardice looks like. 
Tennessee is full of people who stand up for what they believe in.People who don’t just join the fight, they’re the first to volunteer for it.And I’m proud to join them in the fight against Donald Trump.That fight starts on Tuesday. Let’s get it done 
"There’s a chance that it won’t spread, and there’s a chance that it will.”Trump’s gameshow antics are putting American lives at risk. He’s uniquely unfit to lead us through the coronavirus outbreak. 
Donald Trump says he loves Maine.I doubt he could find it on a map.But he's found ways to attack their health care and increase their drug prices.My plan will cover everyone and protect the 150M people who want to keep their private insurance.Let’s  
Alexandria is a field organizer in Raleigh. Her story is what our campaign is fighting for: equality ; justice.As president, I promise to protect the Transgender community from discrimination and hatred.Join our coalition   
Shouldn’t you be worrying about the coronavirus?Listen to your scientists. Prepare your people. Be the leader America needs.If only just this once. 
Today, the House passed the Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act, a huge step toward ending the sale of all flavored tobacco products, including all flavored e-cigarettes. Trump is afraid to take on tobacco companies. I’ve been doing it for decades. 
Trump is attacking the health care of Oklahomans. I am running to stop him. Defeating Donald Trump will be a victory for the well-being of Americans across the nation. Together, we can get it done. 
I’ve made Oklahoma a priority of my campaign. I’ve been here 3 times in the last 6 weeks while other candidates focus on the same places. On March 3, the Sooner State has a chance to send a message to Donald Trump. Let’s put America back on track. 
Donald Trump has held up the stock market as his barometer for success. Well, the results are in: this is the market’s worst week since 2008.His lack of leadership on the coronavirus is astounding. His mere presence is making the problem worse. 
From taking on the gun lobby to moving America forward in the fight against climate change, there’s a lot they said we couldn’t do.  But we got it done. And we’ll keep getting it done for the American people. 
My thanks to the Springfield newspaper - The Republican - for endorsing me. Massachusetts is ready to clean out the Oval Office and rebuild America — and I'm ready, too!
We need a leader who is ready to be Commander-in-Chief – not Debater-in-Chief.I have the record and the resources to defeat Trump - and I will. 
Donald Trump isn’t just a bad leader. He's an incapable leader.And now he has left us exposed to the coronavirus.When I was mayor of NYC, we handled hurricanes, diseases, and terrorist threats because we were prepared ahead of time.
Really, this? A global pandemic is bearing down and the stock market is plunging — our problems are large, Donald, and you are incapable of confronting them. 
Despidió a su especialista en pandemias hace dos años. Cortó los fondos para el CDC. Hizo que 1,600 científicos del gobierno dejaran sus cargos en sus primeros dos años en la presidencia. Trump es un experto en crear crisis, pero es un inepto preparándose para una.
Háblame📱Vamos a conversar sobre cómo venceremos a Donald Trump y reconstruiremos EE.UU. (859) 695-6453
California is the symbol of the American Dream.Californians know better than anyone that Donald Trump is the symbol of the American Nightmare. I can beat Trump and put America back on track. That starts in CA on Super Tuesday. 
California is on the frontlines of the climate change fight. Its iconic beauty is in jeopardy - from the Redlands to the inland deserts ; the beaches that carve out its coastline. We need a president who has fought to ensure its beauty for our children. 
Arkansas was the first state ballot I filed to be on for the primary. Tonight, I’m excited to be back for early voting. Together, with support from Arkansans, we will defeat Trump and rebuild America. Join us LIVE: 
No state has more people than California. No state knows better than California what universal health coverage would do for its people ; its future. I'll ensure affordable health insurance for all Americans. And I'll do it without taxing the middle class.
I’ve been all across California in the past three months. From San Francisco to San Diego, I’ve learned one thing: Californians are ready for a president they can trust to get things done.I’ve spent my entire life preparing for this job, and I’m ready to make you proud. 
The easiest way to determine whether a president is a competent leader – or a danger to the American people – is to see what he or she does when faced with a crisis. President Trump is not leading; he is reacting – and his incompetence is putting us all at risk.
I’ve listened to and learned about what matters to people all over America. And most people want the same thing.People want safe and healthy communities, and they want a president they can trust.I know how to get those things done.  
Trump’s plan to address California’s wildfires is to “take care of the floors” by using rakes.Well...he isn’t exactly a genius.California deserves a leader who follows facts. My wildfire resilience plan will protect Californians and their property. 
Trump’s wall won’t solve the real challenges Texans face:- Making health care more affordable- Ending senseless gun violence- Fighting climate change- Improving public schools- Creating jobsI’m running to defeat Donald Trump and  for Texas.
Texas -Whether you hook ‘em, gig ‘em, sic ‘em, or wreck ‘em.If you vote for me, I can tell you what we’ll do to Donald Trump:We’ll beat him. 
In times like this, we need calm, proven leadership in the White House. We need someone who has led during a crisis and who believes in science. We need someone who invests in prevention and preparation, and who listens to experts.That’s the kind of president I will be. 
I stand with César Blanco.  I stand with the people of El Paso. And I stand against the NRA. 
A woman’s decisions about her health care should be her own to make.That’s why I’m proud to stand with Planned Parenthood — in Texas and across the nation.It’s what I’ve done for decades, and it’s what I’ll do as president. 
Today, I’m in Oklahoma for the third time in six weeks to mark the beginning of early voting.  The movement to rebuild America starts here. Join our rally and watch LIVE: 
He fired his pandemic specialist two years ago. He cut funding for the CDC. He drove out 1,600 government scientists during his first two years in office. Trump's an expert at creating a crisis, but he's hapless at preparing for one.
Texas is a place where a man is measured by his word, so here’s mine:If you vote for me, I will defeat Donald Trump.I will fight to bring affordable health care to every American.I will continue to fight to protect our planet and address the crisis of climate change. 
I believe in protecting Texans’ 2nd Amendment rights.I also believe 40,000 people dying from gun violence in this country every year is unacceptable.We must take steps to save lives. We can do that without sacrificing  freedoms.Here’s how: 
Monday is Texas Independence Day. Which is fitting, because Tuesday is the Texas primary. Tuesday is the first step in defeating Donald Trump. Here in Texas, I’ve been building a movement to bring the fight straight to Trump. With your help, we’ll win. 
Glad to have endorsement. North Carolinians are ready to defeat Donald Trump and rebuild America. Together, we will  
 Bloomberg after Milwaukee shooting: Trump "said our prayers should be with the families. I'm sympathetic with that. But wh…
My favorite book growing up was “Johnny Tremain,” a story about a teenage messenger ; spy during the Revolution. I developed a love for history at an early age, and I’ve emphasized the importance of remembering the lessons of our past as we think about building a better future. 
Yesterday in Milwaukee, a gunman killed 5 people and himself at the Molson Coors Brewing Company. My heart aches for the families.Americans shouldn’t go to work worrying if they're going to be killed by a gun that day. Our country is broken if we cannot be free from fear.
Call me📱Let’s talk about how we’re going to defeat Donald Trump and rebuild America. (859) 695-6453 
Starting the morning in Houston, TX, and then visiting Oklahoma City, OK, and Bentonville, AR.Super Tuesday is right around the corner — and I'm determined to make every minute count!
It's time to defeat Donald Trump and rebuild America. We can't do it without you. Join us and sign up to volunteer:  
If you want my Democratic credentials, here they are: 
In my career, I’ve always felt listening was more valuable than shouting over people to get my point across. I appreciated the opportunity to have a conversation tonight without scrambling for soundbites and personal attacks. 
I brought people together to legalize gay marriage in a Republican legislature.I brought people together to turn a failing school system around.I brought people together to create 500,000 jobs.And I'll bring people together to rebuild our nation. 
It's easy for me to make the commitment that I will support any of the Democratic candidates if they are the nominee, because the alternative is Donald Trump. 
We all agree climate change is killing our planet. I have a record of actually doing something about it. I cut NYC’s carbon footprint, closed more than half our country’s coal plants and mobilized cities and states to uphold the Paris Agreement. 
The average black family has 1/10 the wealth of the typical white family. We need to change that -- and here’s how: By creating 1 million new Black homeowners, investing $70B in Black neighborhoods, and doubling the number of Black-owned businesses. 
My plan for gun safety:- Ban assault weapons- Background checks for all gun sales- Pass a strong Red Flag lawThis will make an enormous difference in keeping American’s safe.
With the coronavirus at our doorstep, Trump has left us very exposed. There’s no I in team. But the only letter Trump knows is I.Being a good leader requires being a good plannerWhen it comes to the coronavirus, Donald Trump is neither. 
Trump's slow-witted response to the coronavirus has already put American lives at risk.My strategy for protecting our country against public health emergencies is based on experience and a respect for science. Read more: 
Tonight, I’m headed back to South Carolina to answer questions from Americans in my first town hall. I’m looking forward to getting to know the people of Charleston - and to America getting to know me.  
Congress has attempted to pass an anti-lynching bill nearly 200 times. Today, passed the Emmett Till Anti-Lynching Act through the House.Rep. Rush did his predecessors justice, along with the victims they sought to protect. 
After 9/11, New Yorkers of all faiths came together to rebuild the city. So when groups opposed a mosque near Ground Zero, I spoke up.Muslims are as much a part of NYC ; America as people of any faith. Our doors are open to everyone with a dream and a willingness to work hard. 
I’d love to hear from you!📱I’m answering calls and want to hear your thoughts on America. Call me at (833) 394-6453.And special thanks to former and many of our other mayors for joining me this morning as we took our first calls. 
Bernie is a talker. I’m a doer.In 30 years in Congress, he has written three bills that became law.In 12 years as mayor, I helped create nearly 500k jobs, raised graduation rates by 42%, reduced incarcerations by 39%, and cut NYC’s carbon footprint by 13%. 
I led NYC through its recovery after 9/11 and the financial crisis. We faced health epidemics and weather emergencies. The key to leading in a crisis like the Coronavirus is sharing the facts, demonstrating control and trusting the experts. Unfortunately, not Trump's strong suit.
When I was a kid, I had the honor of escorting our town’s most revered resident to the polls - Amelia Earhart’s mother.She hadn’t been able to vote for most of her life.The right to vote is one of the most fundamental rights in American democracy - and must be protected. 
  NEW TV ad running nationally highlights Mike’s record as an experienced crisis manager, and
 A global pandemic. A dangerously incompetent President. We need a steady and tested leader. 
David Dinkins is a great New Yorker and a great American – a decorated veteran, a trailblazing public servant ; a man of integrity and dignity.  Mayor Dinkins has been a great inspiration to so many New Yorkers, including me, and I’m honored to have his endorsement and support. 
When I say I'll fight climate change, I mean it. As mayor, I cut NYC’s carbon footprint and achieved the city’s cleanest air in 50 years. When Trump pulled out of the Paris Agreement, I mobilized a coalition to uphold America’s obligations. I don’t just talk. I 
Today, the Charleston Loophole still exists. In fact, from 2014-2018 it allowed gun dealers to sell more than 20,000 guns to people like the Charleston shooter who never would have had access to guns if politicians like Bernie hadn’t backed down to the NRA.
In 2015, a white supremacist murdered nine innocent people in a church. He was able to get his hands on a gun only because of a loophole in the law that’s now called the “Charleston Loophole.”Bernie Sanders voted to create this loophole. 
Last night, we were in Charleston, South Carolina, where the legacy of Bernie Sanders’ pro-gun agenda created the conditions for one of our nation’s most horrific tragedies. 
We cannot simply rely on the courts to defend a woman's right to choose. We need leaders who will protect that right.As president, I will undo President Trump's domestic and global gag rules that limit women's access to abortions. 
We've known about the dangers of Coronavirus for months.While the CDC is preparing for a possible pandemic, Trump has said "it will just go away."His failure to respond could cost American lives.We need to trust our scientists. 
Thanks to Charleston for having me tonight.I had a great time.
The presidency is a job that requires strong leadership and management. It’s not about who can shout the loudest. It’s about building a great team and delivering results -- and I’ve proven as a mayor and a CEO that I get the big things done. 
No other Democrat here has created nearly 500,000 jobs.No other Democrat here knows how to create millions more jobs.No other Democrat here can put Donald Trump out of a job.
To characterize AIPAC as a racist platform is offensive, divisive, and dangerous to Israel - America’s most important ally in the Middle East - and to Jews. How can Bernie profess he's the path to unity when he's already managed to polarize a people and a party?
Ahem. 
We have known about the dangers of the Coronavirus for two months.Trump has said that “the heat will kill it” and “it will just go away.” Meanwhile, he has defunded the CDC.Trump’s ignorance could cost American lives.  
Bernie wants to talk about criminal justice reform. So let’s talk about it:Not only did Bernie vote for the Crime Bill in 1994, he campaigned on it in 2006.In New York City, I reduced incarceration by 39%. 
While I was mayor, the average life expectancy of New Yorkers increased by three years.So if you want to live longer, vote for me!
In Congress, they say they can't get anything done. Everyone running thinks it’ll change once they’re in office. That’s not how it works. You have to learn how to work with both people on sides of the aisle. I did it in New York City, and I’ll do it for America. 
Improving education is the only way to fix poverty and change children's’ lives. In New York, rather than just talk about it, we did it. I raised raised teacher salaries by 43% and graduation rates by 42%. 
I have an F rating from the NRA. Which, last time I checked, is worse than a D-.
In 2005, you voted to protect gun manufacturers from being held accountable for gun deaths. 
When it comes to the crisis of gun violence, there’s no debate: No one has done more to confront the NRA than I have. I built a grassroots movement to pass common sense gun safety laws. I’ve taken on the gun lobby — and won.
In 2015, just across the street from us, a white supremecist got his hands on a gun and took the lives of 9 Americans. He got that gun because of a loophole in gun safety laws, now called the “Charleston loophole voted to put that loophole in place.
Pete said “if you want to keep the house in democratic hands, you might want to check with the people who actually turned the house blue.”He should check who helped put 21 Democrats in the House.I’ve already helped flip the House blue. And I’ll keep it blue.
I know if I were black my success would have been a lot harder to achieve. That's just a fact, and we've got to do something about it rather than just demagogue about it.  
I started training for the presidency when I stepped on the pile that was still smoldering from 9/11. I've run a city that is bigger than many countries.I have the experience. I have the resources. And I have the record.
For 12 years, I was mayor of the largest city in America. Before that, I founded a company that employs 20,000 people. It’s been recognized as one of the best places to work in America.I created a workplace I’m proud of. 
I built a company. I rebuilt a city. And I’ll defeat Donald Trump and reunite America. 
As mayor, I brought good jobs, good schools and safe streets to NYC’s diverse communities. I also made mistakes that I regret. But I’m committed to righting those wrongs: My  is the most ambitious effort to create Black wealth in a generation. 
Bernie has had 30 years to change Washington. What makes anyone think he’s going to start now?
Russia is trying to help Bernie become the Democratic nominee because they know it will help Trump win again in 2020. It’s that simple. 
Tonight is about who can beat Trump and who can do the job. I’ve shown I can beat Trump -- on guns and climate, and in the 2018 midterms. And I’m the only one with a proven record of successfully governing one of the most complex cities in the world. 
On the debate stage tonight, I hope we get a chance to talk about something I've dedicated my life to: ending gun violence. 
People shouldn't have to worry about being shot when going to school, or work, or just living their lives. Which is why I can't comprehend why has voted to allow guns on Amtrak, on planes, and in national parks.Care to explain, Bernie?
Bernie has been weak on gun safety his entire career. He’s voted against background checks. He voted to give gunmakers immunity. He’s received help from the NRA. This is not the record of someone who will save our country from gun violence. 
Lo que Bernie dice: “Los grupos de cabildeo son malos".Lo que Bernie quiere decir: “Los grupos de cabildeo son malos — salvo esa vez cuando el NRA me ayudó a llegar al Congreso". 
We can’t have a nominee who has voted to:- Block the Brady Bill 5 times- Allow guns on trains and planes - Protect gun manufacturers from lawsuits- Prohibit funding for research into stopping gun violenceUnlike Bernie Sanders, I will always take the fight to the gun lobby.
What Bernie says: “Special interests are bad.”What Bernie means: “Special interests are bad — except that one time the NRA got me elected to Congress.” 
Fidel Castro dejó un oscuro legado de campos de trabajo forzado, represión religiosa, pobreza extensa, ejecuciones por fusilamiento y el asesinato de miles de sus compatriotas.¿Y Bernie quiere hablar de programas de alfabetización?
We already have a president who caves to the NRA. We don't need another one. 
Fidel Castro left a dark legacy of forced labor camps, religious repression, widespread poverty, firing squads, and the murder of thousands of his own people.But sure, Bernie, let’s talk about his literacy program. 
In 2005, I signed a local law allowing New Yorkers to sue gun manufacturers for criminal negligence. That same year, Bernie voted to give gun manufacturers IMMUNITY — overriding my efforts to make NYers safer.Care to explain, Bernie?
I’ve been the NRA’s  enemy for decades. Bernie’s been the NRA’s buddy for decades. Who do we want to represent the Democratic Party? 
The NRA paved the road to Washington for Bernie Sanders.He spent the next three decades making sure they got a return on their investment.We deserve a president who is not beholden to the gun lobby. 
When my father died, everything changed for our family. My mother had teach herself how to drive in order to go back to work to support our family.Her grit ; perseverance were instilled in me from an early age. She lived until 102. I’ll never forget the lessons she taught me. 
To end generations of systematic discrimination, we must build Black wealth in our country. Here's how we’ll do it:  
It’s not often you meet someone like B. Smith.The daughter of a maid and a steelworker, B.’s  entrepreneurial spirit made her into a pioneer of the modeling, restaurant and style industries.I’ll miss her. My condolences to her husband ; family. 
Super Tuesday is a little over a week away. To defeat Donald Trump and rebuild America, you have to vote. If you want to vote in the Democratic primary, you have to register. Let’s  - register to vote here: 
Every American deserves access to affordable healthcare. I will make sure they get it — without destroying our current system and kicking 155 million people off their insurance.
100 Americans were killed by guns yesterday. And the day before that. And the day before that. We must put an end to this senseless bloodshed — and that begins with kicking the gun lobby out of Washington.I am the only candidate bringing the fight to them.
The campaign we’re building has made incredible progress. It’s growing more every day, thanks to our teams on the ground.With every phone call ; every event ; every knock on every door, we'll move Trump out of office.Join us this Weekend of Action:  
Can he make it any more obvious who he wants to face in the general election? 
Justice Sotomayor is right to sound the alarm. If Trump wins in November, the Supreme Court essentially will become a rubber stamp for his assault on immigrants, health care and equality.The stakes couldn't be higher. 
The Affordable Care Act worked - and it’s still working. With Trump out of office, we’ll build on the ACA and achieve universal health coverage.We can lower costs and expand coverage without raising taxes on the middle class.
100 people a day are killed by guns. That's 100 families that are being torn apart every day. Trump won’t stand up to the NRA.  But I have before — and I will as president.
Does the Senator understand that this divisive behavior is what’s going to re-elect Donald Trump? 
Donald Trump is scared of our movement. He should be. 
I believe we can build a future in which noncommunicable disease is a thing of the past.I sat down with to talk about that goal.Malia has dedicated her life to the service of her community. I thank her for that service. And for her time. 
Black history is American history.The Greenwood District in Tulsa, OK was home to “Black Wall Street,” a thriving community built on hard work. The  builds on the promise that started here. We can’t let these stories be lost to time.
Leadership is about building bridges, uniting people, and finding common ground.Rep. has worked to break gridlock and find bipartisan solutions to the big challenges we face.That’s what I will do as president, and I’m honored to have his support. 
I’ve decided that for as long as I’m running Bloomberg LP, we won’t offer confidentiality agreements to resolve claims of sexual harassment or misconduct going forward. This goes the same for our campaign.
Bloomberg LP has identified 3 NDAs signed over the past 30+ years with women to address complaints about comments they said I had made. If any of them want to be released from their NDAs, they should contact the company and they'll be given a release. 
Former Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake has never backed down from a tough fight. We’ve worked together on issues like common sense gun safety laws. I look forward to working together to defeat Trump ; rebuild America. I’m honored to have support. 
Trump said he was protecting our farmers. So let’s see what’s he’s done:-Average farm income at near 15-year low-Farm bankruptcies at 8-year high-US Farm debt at all-time high-Lost 10% of Wisconsin dairy farms -Tariffs cost pig farmers $1.5B a year Nice work, Donald.  
If we choose a candidate who appeals to a small base – like Senator Sanders – it will be a fatal error and we will end up with four more years of Donald Trump. 
Senator Sanders has said that he’ll stand up to “the NRA and its corrupting effect on Washington.”But the truth is that if the NRA has corrupted Washington, Bernie is among the corrupt.
In 2005, Bernie voted for an NRA-backed law that gave gun makers sweeping immunity from legal action, killed several pending state and local lawsuits and led, according to the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, to a “deadly decade of unchecked gun industry negligence.”
After the NRA helped him get elected, Sanders voted against the Brady Bill FIVE times. The Brady Bill established background checks on firearms and imposed a five-day waiting period on purchases.
NRA President Wayne LaPierre told Vermonters to vote for Bernie. When Sanders ran in 1990, the NRA ran ads against his opponent.
The NRA put Bernie Sanders in Congress, And Other Inconvenient Facts.A thread:
Today in Utah, I outlined what it really means to  more than our campaign slogan. Here’s what it really means. 
Rep. Pete Aguilar has built a reputation as someone who can reach across the aisle to solve problems. He has helped lead the fight on climate change, gun violence and fixing our immigration system. I’m proud to have his support. 
Donald Trump has tried to bully a lot of people these last three years. But I’m a New Yorker and I’ve never backed down from a bully or run away from a fight. He’s not going to bully me — and I won’t let him bully you either. 
Last night, we didn’t talk about gun violence. We’re not going to solve this crisis by ignoring it — or by nominating a candidate with a history of caving to the NRA.Bernie Sanders has voted against the Brady Bill FIVE times.
It's always big news when a total loser ends up winning for once.  
Shouldn’t you be pardoning Roger Stone, you  
We are the campaign that is going to beat Donald Trump, and that starts right here in Utah on Super Tuesday. Watch our rally LIVE: 
Anyone? 
You can tweet what you want now. Just you wait until Novembef. 
The best-known socialist in the country happens to be a millionaire with three houses.  
Esta noche compartí el escenario con un grupo de políticos.Hablaron y hablaron porque en eso, son expertos.Hablaron sobre lo que podrían hacer y deberían hacer.Yo ya lo he hecho. He creado cambio tangible. Lo he logrado.Y eso es lo que haré por Estados Unidos.
Tomorrow morning, Americans will wake up again to our unfortunate reality. Americans are living in fear. Fear of climate change, fear of guns, fear of losing their health care, and fear of their deranged president. We deserve better. 
Tonight, I stood on a stage with a group of politicians. They talked, because that’s what they’re good at.They went on and on about what they could and should do.I have built. I have created actual change. I have gotten it done.That’s what I’ll do for America. 
As president, I will reverse the Trump tax rules that benefit people like me and undermine the middle class. I’ll raise $5 trillion from the wealthy to pay for public investments in health care, infrastructure, education, climate resilience and affordable housing. 
What a wonderful country we have. The best known socialist in the country happens to be a millionaire with three houses. What did I miss here
If we don’t beat Trump, we can’t expand health care.If we don’t beat Trump, we can’t pass gun safety laws.If we don’t beat Trump, we won’t stop climate change. I can’t think of an easier way for Trump to get reelected than to nominate a Socialist. 
Everyone on this stage has spent their lives in politics.They are talkers. They talk about problems, they don’t solve them.I am a doer. After I was fired at 39, I started a business. Then I rebuilt a city. No one on this stage can say that. 
All Democrats agree: Climate Change is killing our planet.I have a record of actually doing something about it. I lowered NYC’s carbon footprint and kept the Paris Accord alive for the US.And as president, I will continue the fight.
We’ve closed 304 out of 530 U.S. coal plants. When President Trump backed out of the Paris Climate agreement, I mobilized cities and states across the country to uphold our obligations.No one on this stage has done more to fight climate change. No one. 
I was a mayor - I know how to run a complicated city. I'm a manager - I brought the city back stronger than ever after 9/11. I’m a philanthropist, who didn’t inherit his money. And I’m spending that money to defeat Trump and rebuild America.  
I have supported and empowered women throughout my career — from hiring women to the very top positions at City Hall to supporting women candidates for higher office to instituting an industry-leading 26-weeks of paid family leave at my company.  
I have hired women to lead. I’ve promoted women to lead. I’ve depended on women for their advice and their contributions. As I’ve demonstrated throughout my career, I will always be a champion for women in the workplace. 
My plan will build on the Affordable Care Act by ensuring every single American is covered without raising taxes on the middle class -- by even a dollar. It will pass, and it won’t bankrupt the country.
Esta noche se trata de quién puede ganar en noviembre.No es momento de arriesgar la nominación. No podemos permitirnos el lujo de otros cuatro años de lo mismo.Yo ejerceré un liderazgo que obtendrá resultados. Y lo más importante, sacaré a Trump de la Casa Blanca.
We’re all here on this stage to answer two important questions: who can beat Donald Trump...and who can run our country.I built a business from scratch. I ran a city. I build great teams and make things happen.Not talk. Action. That’s who I am.
 This is going to be the Mike Bloomberg debate.  He’s new and rising.
Bernie’s Medicare For All plan will kick 155M Americans off their health plans and raise taxes on the middle class. That won’t beat Donald Trump.
 
Tonight is about who can win in November.Now isn’t the time to gamble on the nomination. We cannot afford another four years of this. I will provide calm, collected leadership that gets results.Most importantly: I will make Donald Trump a one-term president. 
Our children practice active shooter drills in school. I'm running for president so they won't have to. 
Trump can try to attack our values. He can try to distort our truths. He can try to divide our people.But we’re greater than that. We’re better than that. And he can keep trying, but it won’t work. 
At its best, higher education serves as an engine of economic mobility and American prosperity. But our current system is not fulfilling that promise. I'll level the playing field so every student can achieve a high-quality higher education. 
Tim Duncan isn’t just one of the greatest basketball players of all time. He’s a world class humanitarian.I'm proud to have joined him in our work in the  proud to count him among my friends.And I'm honored to have his support. 
No other Democrat has created more than 450,000 jobs.No other Democrat has my record of standing up to the gun lobby.No other Democrat has my record of fighting climate change.No other Democrat will defeat Donald Trump. 
Impeached president says what? 
When I was mayor, we cut incarceration by 39%.I created the Young Men’s Initiative, the nation’s most comprehensive effort to keep young men ; women from entering the criminal justice system.As president, I’ll expand our efforts to keep at risk youth on the path to success. 
The United States has a mass incarceration problem. Over 2M people are currently in prison. As mayor, I cut incarceration in New York City by 39%.I’ll do the same for the nation, and protect people at every touchpoint in the justice system. 
Can't trust a word you say - and now you want us to believe you? See you in November. 
Why do you want to run against Bernie so badly? 
Data shows that opioids are the leading cause of death for those under 50 years old.Trump's approach to solve the opioid crisis has proven to be ineffective.We need more coordinated emergency and long-term medical interventions to help manage this crisis. 
I will make it a priority of my presidency to close the wealth gap. The  will achieve economic justice for Black Americans and create Black wealth on a sweeping scale. 
Trump’s assault on environmental and health protections isn’t just unpopular, it’s illegal. And if it upsets Republicans that state Attorneys General defending against these environmental rollbacks keep beating them in court...so be it. 
My parents taught me about hard work, honesty, and sacrifice. Growing up in Medford, MA, I shoveled snow, cut lawns, and sold Christmas wreaths. I want to give everybody in this country the opportunity to thrive and be happy - and I’ll bring that work ethic to the White House. 
Young voters will help decide this election.Issues like climate change, college affordability, and gun safety will determine the next century.If you want to beat Trump, join us: 
Thank you, was an honor to be your mayor, and it will be an even greater honor to be your president. I will always stand with the LGBTQ+ community. 
Everyone deserves an equal opportunity to get a high-quality education — and I have a plan to make that happen. We'll make college more fair and affordable, level the playing field across race ; income, and ensure each degree sets students up for success.
We need to make the financial system work for every American. Donald Trump has rolled back critical protections designed to prevent another collapse like we saw in 2008. I won’t let him get away with it. 
Trump says he created the greatest economy of all time.Turns out, it ranks 6th out of the last 10 presidential terms.Either he’s lying, or he doesn’t know what he’s talking about. Maybe it’s both? 
Equal work. Equal opportunity. Equal pay.As president, I will close the gender pay gap.  
The coronavirus is a cause for international alarm. How we manage this crisis must be based on facts and science — not fear and bigotry against Asian-Americans and Pacific Islanders. 
I will also make sure parents get the time they need to take care of their children. We will require all employers to give all workers twelve weeks of paid family leave regardless of gender, and include the birth or adoption of a child.
We will ensure families do not struggle to pay for child care. We will guarantee paths to education and higher pay for early childhood educators - who are among the lowest paid workers of any profession in the country. 
We will:✅Guarantee access to full day Pre-K for all 3- and 4-year-olds so every child is ready to succeed in kindergarten.✅Make child care more affordable for working families.✅Raise pay for child care workers, professionalizing and standardizing the child care industry. 
In the face of unthinkable tragedy after the Parkland shooting, Rep. fought for his community on gun safety laws. He deserves to work with a president who will stand with American families, not the gun lobby.I’m proud to have his support. 
Investing in early childhood learning is one of the biggest ways to make a difference in our children's lives. Right now, our approach to early learning is fractured. Here's my plan: 
There is no one in America who has a clearer understanding than Geoff Canada of what it takes to help kids from all neighborhoods succeed. I’m honored to have his support. 
In honor of  let’s take a look at what it means to be president.Or rather, what it used to mean. 
We need to unite to defeat Trump in November. This type of "energy" is not going to get us there.  
Hate begets hate. We simply must not tolerate a president who encourages such ugliness to fester.America is better than this. 
Stop me if you’ve heard this before. Trump promised not to touch Social Security or Medicare and Medicaid. Well, he lied. When I’m in the White House, I will keep my word to seniors and to the American people. 
My plan will guarantee America’s hardworking seniors of today and tomorrow the dignity they deserve in retirement.We will improve Medicare, build housing security, and provide a federal net to guard against the costs of long-term care. 
We're going to defeat Donald Trump and rebuild America together. Text "MIKE" to 80510 to get updates from our team. 
Every American deserves to retire without constant financial pressure.If you worked for decades, you should not struggle to pay for  basic monthly expenses like health care, food and rent.My plan makes sure Social Security and Medicare don’t fall short:
Trump won’t protect Social Security. He has no concern for America’s hard working citizens who have earned their benefits. Not only will I protect Social Security, I will strengthen it. 
Virginia was the first state I visited after I launched my presidential campaign, and we're really building momentum here.Super Tuesday is just over two weeks away - and we're going to make every second count. 
Fred - Together, we're going to beat this con man and return integrity and decency to the White House. 
Al construir mi negocio, siempre he creído que nuestros 20,000 empleados son el activo más valioso de la compañía. Trump heredó su riqueza y no ha hecho nada para ayudar a los trabajadores estadounidenses. Es hora de proteger mejor y respetar a nuestra fuerza laboral.
Ethnicity and gender should never determine the size of your paycheck. As president, I’ll work to close the Latina wage gap. 
Sam Donaldson has spent his life covering politics. He's brought some of our nation's most important stories to light.He's reported on everyone from Goldwater to Bush. And he's done the American people a great service in doing so.I am honored to have Sam in my corner. 
He lies. He bullies. He gets away with it.Our kids are watching Donald Trump.Is this the lesson we want them to learn? 
I would not be where I am today without the talented women around me. I've depended on their leadership, their advice and their contributions. As I've demonstrated throughout my career, I will always be a champion for women in the workplace. 
In building my business, I’ve always believed our 20,000 employees are our company’s most valued asset.Trump inherited his wealth and has done nothing to help America’s workers. It’s time we better protect and respect our workforce. 
Seguimos de pie junto a la comunidad de Parkland. No permitiremos que se desvanezcan los esfuerzos para acabar con la violencia causada por armas de fuego y mantener así a nuestros niños a salvo. 
All of my success in life — everything I've done — is thanks to the strong women around me. But more than ever, women’s rights are under attack. As president, I will defend Roe v. Wade and protect the right to choose. 
Only a tyrant behaves this way. When people are too afraid to drop off their kids at school or seek medical help or report a crime to the police, none of us are safe. We need a president who uses common sense to solve big challenges, not fear and division. 
I’m honored to have the support of over 100 current and former outstanding mayors from all over the country.Mayors are empowered to drive change at the local level, and as president, I will work closely with them to reunite and rebuild America.  
For the second year in a row, Trump is diverting important Defense Department funding to build his wall.Billions of dollars of other people's money wasted on a vanity project.He used to do that just with his father’s money. 
When I was elected Mayor of New York, gun violence was a crisis.I made it my focus to save lives, and we did.But our efforts included something I deeply regret - the abuse of stop and frisk.I know I can't change the past, but I will learn from my mistakes. 
Mayor has served her city for decades and is one of the nation’s most respected voices for addressing our urgent challenges - from climate change to creating equitable communities where all can thrive.I’m honored to have her support. 
For too long, Black Americans have been kept from fully participating in the economy. As mayor, I fought to change the status quo for Black NYers by addressing areas such as education, health care ; incarceration.As president, I'll continue to fight for all of Black America. 
We continue to stand with the Parkland community and won't let up in our efforts to end gun violence and keep our children safe. 
Donald Trump lacked foresight running a company, so it’s no surprise that he lacks it running a country.Immigration makes America stronger. Without immigration, our country will become irrelevant, an idea that will soon be familiar to Trump. 
 Voters across the country are quickly figuring out what I already know — is the best candidate to defeat…
It's always nice to spend an evening with my fellow mayors. Mayors know how to get things done, and I'm proud to have all of you standing by my side in this campaign. Thank you, Mayor for hosting us in Houston. 
Houston is a young, diverse, vibrant city. In many ways, it is a reflection of America. It was great to be here tonight with many of our supporters and mayors. Together, we will defeat Trump and rebuild America! 
Tonight in Houston, I spoke about our  plan will invest $70 billion in Black neighborhoods, create 100,000 new Black owned businesses, and create one million new Black homeowners. My goal is to create generational wealth for Black Americans.
If it's any consolation, Trump's tweets make it impossible for him to do his job, too. 
Former Gov. Bev Perdue started her career as a teacher and went on to become the first woman to lead North Carolina. She knows the value of an education. We both share a deep belief that great schools and great teachers can transform lives. I’m happy to have her support. 
Thanks to all of our supporters who came out to our rally in Raleigh today.We're all-in in North Carolina - because this is not an election where we can roll the dice. 
On February 9th, the high temperature in Antarctica was 69 degrees. On February 9th, the high temperature in San Diego was 61 degrees.This is not a hoax.  
Most candidates are busy down in South Carolina. But I’m here in Greensboro, North Carolina because this is a state we have to win in November. That process starts today with the beginning of early primary voting. 
I’ve known Congressman for years. When I was mayor, he helped us rebuild NYC after Hurricane Sandy. He serves one of the most diverse districts in the country, fighting for strong infrastructure and affordable health care.I’m proud to have him on my side. 
Being a mayor of a large city isn’t easy.It means taking on challenges both big and small. Issues that affect millions of people and issues that affect a single community. Houston Mayor has done both. I’m honored to have his support. 
It’s great to be kicking things off in Winston-Salem, NC. We’re making three stops in North Carolina today, where early voting is starting. This is a battleground state. Not only will we win here on Super Tuesday, we’ll win here in November. 
 
 - we know many of the same people in NY. Behind your back they laugh at you ; call you a carnival barking clown. They know you inherited a fortune ; squandered it with stupid deals and incompetence. I have the record ; the resources to defeat you. And I will. 
When I launched my campaign, Nashville was one of the first cities I visited.Because the race I was beginning wouldn’t be won in early primary states.It will be won in states where we can bring the fight to Trump.I’m honored to have so many joining me in that fight. 
We are going to beat Donald Trump in November. But to do that, we need to win primaries in states like Tennessee, where early voting starts today. LIVE: 
En una carta donde se refiere a la región amazónica, el Papa Francisco hoy reiteró su compromiso con el enfrentar al  a Su Santidad en su liderazgo y en este compromiso ante esta crisis global. 
In his letter addressing issues in the Amazon region, Pope Francis today reiterated his commitment to confronting  I stand with His Holiness as he commits his voice and his leadership to this global crisis. 
Gov. is a great public servant who got into this race for the same reasons that I did — to unite the country and defeat Donald Trump. I know he will continue that fight.
We have the power to restore honor to our government.We have the power to build a country we can be proud of.We have the power to defeat Donald Trump.And we will.Thank you, Chattanooga. 
After two Category 5 hurricanes devastated the USVI, Rep. Stacey Plaskett’s leadership was essential to helping the Islands get back on their feet.She recognizes that building more sustainable infrastructure is critical to our future ; I’m honored to have her support. 
Vaping companies like Juul have consistently and shamelessly targeted young people in their advertising. Trump said he would do something to stop them. Of course, he’s done nothing.I’ll stop these companies from going after our kids. 
A woman’s right to choose is a fundamental right.The government should not get between a woman and her decisions about her health.This is not an issue of politics, but one of basic human rights.
The Senate might not have convicted Donald Trump, but history will.  It’s on us, the voters, to stop him on November 3rd. Join us:  
 didn’t just run a campaign, he built a movement. He brought a visionary perspective to this race and he championed issues that mattered. This party is better with Andrew in it, and I wish him the best. 
I’ve led the fight on climate change my entire career.I don’t just talk and I don’t make empty promises. I’ve gotten it done before and I’ll  as president.
Donald Trump is the world’s biggest schoolyard bully – with no respect for civility or decency, or facts orhonesty.Our party needs a candidate who can go toe-to-toe with him and take the fight to him. 
I met Rep. shortly after her son Jordan was killed by gun violence. At the time, I couldn’t imagine the pain she felt, and I still can’t. She has turned her pain into progress — winning a seat in Congress. I’m proud to have earned her support. 
With their focuses on income inequality and climate change, and brought energy and ideas to tackling two of the biggest challenges facing America. I know they'll keep fighting until we defeat Donald Trump and rebuild America.
Solar energy isn’t just good for the planet. It’s good for our wallets, too.But it’s distributed unevenly across the country. As president, I’ll encourage states with more sun to embrace solar and we'll make our electric grid 80% clean energy by 2028.  
Trump said Republicans were too "scared" of the NRA to tighten gun laws. Then he backpedaled. After shootings in OH ; TX, he pledged stronger background checks, but backpedaled again. As president, I'll stand up to the NRA, not cave to their demands. 
Trump’s deleted tweet is the latest example of his endless efforts to divide Americans. The President’s attack clearly reflects his fear over the growing strength of our campaign. 
I have apologized for taking too long to understand the impact of stop and frisk on Black and Latino communities. I inherited stop and frisk. In an effort to stop gun violence, it was overused. I cut it back by 95%. I should have cut it back sooner. 
We've had shootings in churches.We've had shootings in mosques.We've had shootings in synagogues.And Trump did nothing.Now he's doing something worse. He's cutting the funding our congregations use to keep their houses of worship safe. 
Mayor and I share a commitment to providing opportunity for all – in creating more good jobs with good salaries — all across Little Rock, and all across America. I’m honored to have his support and excited to welcome him to   
The America I know welcomes the world. Trump's America is not that America.But, we can turn the page on this shameful chapter in our country's history. Together, we can fix our broken immigration system once and for all. 
Trump’s budget proposal predicts “continued American dominance and prosperity.”What it actually does: attempts to repeal the ACA, and slashes Medicare and Medicaid by over $1 trillion dollars.This is low. Even for Trump.
One of Luis Acosta's earliest memories is crossing the US/Mexico border as a child. When he learned about his undocumented status in high school, his world was shattered — but DACA changed his life. As president, I'll protect Dreamers ; create an earned pathway to citizenship. 
Trump arrancó a millones la libertad de reunirse con su familia, viajar libremente de la casa a la escuela, o apoyar a la economía. Podemos proteger fronteras Y recibir inmigrantes, que nos hacen más fuertes. Prohibiciones de viaje son antiestadounidenses, y terminaré con ellas.
Desde que Trump llegó al poder, han habido más de 400 denuncias de violación y abuso sexual y al menos 29 muertes en sitios de detención supervisados por ICE.Investigaré abusos en ICE y CBP, restauraré vigilancia y rendición de cuentas. Mantendré a los estadounidenses seguros.
A través del DACA, EEUU dio a los Dreamers que llegaron de niños la oportunidad de contribuir a nuestra economía y comunidades sin miedo a la deportación. Trump canceló el DACA, pero yo protegeré a los Soñadores y los pondré en el camino a la ciudadanía.
Nuestro sistema migratorio no funciona y las políticas de Trump son ineficientes, crueles y desperdician recursos. Necesitamos un sistema más justo, humano, que nos ayude a crear un camino a la ciudadanía para los 11 millones de indocumentados. 
La inmigración no amenaza a EEUU, lo hace más fuerte.EEUU no necesita más del miedo que infunde Trump.Necesitamos un sistema de inmigración moderno que honre nuestra historia y nos prepare para el futuro. Aquí está cómo  
I feel for the people of Lordstown, Ohio. Trump promised to bring manufacturing jobs back, but his latest budget proposal proved that he lied to the American people yet again. Promises made, promises broken.  
Donald Trump has vilified Latino immigrants — even though they’re the very people who make our country great.We need a president who celebrates immigrants. 
We can’t have a president who runs the country on fear and hate.Trump’s idea of leadership is to push people apart.He has no regard for people like Audra Tellez. She's a hardworking mother of two, and represents the very best things about what it means to be an American. 
Trump took away millions of peoples’ freedom to unite with their families, travel freely between home ; school, or support our economy. We can protect our borders AND welcome immigrants, who make our country stronger. Travel bans are un-American, and on my watch we'll end them. 
Since Trump took office, there have been more than 400 allegations of sexual assault or abuse and at least 29 fatalities in detention facilities overseen by ICE.I'll investigate abuse at ICE and CBP, restore oversight and accountability, and keep all Americans safe. 
Jim Mattis once said: "If you don't fully fund the State Department, then I need to buy more ammunition."If only Trump would listen to the experts. His latest attempt to slash foreign aid is a reminder he doesn't know how to keep Americans safe and should be swiftly rejected.
Through  America gave Dreamers brought to the U.S. as children the opportunity to contribute to our economy and communities without fear of deportation. Trump rescinded DACA—but I will protect Dreamers and put them on the path to citizenship. 
Our immigration system is broken and Trump’s policies are ineffective, wasteful, and cruel. We need a fairer, more humane system that creates a pathway to citizenship for the 11 million undocumented.  
Immigration doesn’t threaten America, it strengthens America.America doesn’t need any more of Trump’s fear mongering. What we need is a modern immigration system that honors our history and readies us for the future.Here’s how we'll  
President Trump’s demonization of immigrants and his fueling of fear and hatred are an ugly chapter in American history that we must close: 
To every single person who is showing their support for this movement, thank you.This is YOUR campaign.It’s for YOUR community. It’s for YOUR country. Together, we can  
Climate change isn’t just a threat to our environment.It is a threat to the global economy and our national security.Trump doesn’t seem to grasp the urgency of climate change, or believe in it at all.I will restore American leadership and fight for future generations.
Our country has a rich history of presidents who respected the power, decorum, and influence of their office.Unfortunately, that rich history ended the day Trump became president. 
Trump inherited this economy just like he inherited his wealth.Yet he takes credit for both.We see right through you, Mr. President. 
The Oklahoma City National Memorial is a sobering reminder of the resilience of Americans in the face of tragedy.As the mayor of a post-9/11 New York, I know that spirit all too well. We are made of stronger stuff than those who would try to tear us down. 
Tonight I’m in Oklahoma City to help bring support to the Democratic voters in a state often overlooked by our party.We’re here to make a difference. We’re here to make change. We’re here to rebuild America.We’re here to defeat Donald Trump. 
All over the country, people are coming together to support our campaign.I’m grateful for every one of them. But, this is bigger than this campaign. This is the future of our country. And I’m proud to join our supporters on this Weekend of Action to fight to save it. 
In Montgomery, there are voices leading the way for change.I’m here to do everything possible to help make that call for change a reality.  
Today, I visited the Dexter Avenue King Memorial Baptist Church in Alabama. Originally founded in the holding pen of a slave trader, the church was eventually led by one of our greatest Americans, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. 
We need more leaders like Secretary Spencer. As a Marine, and as Secretary of the Navy, he’s upheld his oath to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States, even in the face of tremendous pressure. It’s not about party, it’s about doing the right thing. 
Why I always do the hard things first: 
A battle-tested Red-to-Blue leader, Congresswoman knows what it will take to keep the House blue and beat Trump in the Midwest. I’m honored to have her support as we work together to create economic opportunity for all of those left behind by the Trump administration. 
I am a doer and a problem solver - not a talker. I'll put my record of accomplishment up against anyone.I'm ready to take on Donald Trump - and win.
When it comes to the crisis of gun violence, there’s no debate: No one has done more to confront the NRA than I have. I built a grassroots movement to pass common sense gun safety laws. I’ve taken on the gun lobby — and won.
We all know Donald Trump wants to kick millions of Americans off their health care plans. There isn’t a Democrat running who would do that.But we need to fight for accessible and affordable health care for every American without mortgaging our future.
Everyone on the stage tonight will argue about who’s most electable. If any one of them is the nominee, I’ll be in their corner. But there should be no debating which one of us can actually beat Trump. Because I’ve beaten him before — and I will beat him again.
Too many Americans have had their lives torn apart by gun violence. Kirsten Hinckley was killed when a man walked into a mall with a sawed-off shotgun and started shooting. She was fifteen years old. Her death was preventable. We need action now.  
Trump pledged to be the best president we’ve ever had for veterans. Add that to the long list of promises he has failed to keep. His administration has done nothing to fix what’s broken, find solutions, or bring people together to help those who’ve served. 
I agree with making the tax code fairer and more progressive, including by increasing taxes on wealthy people like me.Unlike other candidates’ plans that are likely to be rejected by Congress or the courts, mine is achievable — and I will get it done.
They fought. They served. They sacrificed.Our veterans have answered a call of the highest order for our nation.It’s time for us to serve them in a way that befits their service. 
Trump has banned transgender Americans from openly serving in our armed forces. We’re better than that. I will reverse Trump’s ban and roll back the lingering effects of the “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” policy. 
Immigrant members of our military are now denied citizenship at a higher rate than civilians. That's unacceptable. My plan will protect military families from the threat of deportation and provide servicemembers with a fast track to naturalization:  
There are 37,000 homeless veterans on our streets today. Our vets deserve the security ; dignity of a place to call home. We need to fully fund the HUD-Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing program and help cities build transitional housing for veterans.  
I will expand military health care to cover IVF and fertility services for those who need it. I’ll make sure that military deployment doesn’t inhibit a servicemember’s ability to have a family. 
The risks to our servicemembers extend beyond the battlefield. Each day, 17 veterans take their own life. We desperately need to end the stigma surrounding mental health ; ensure veterans in distress get the assistance they need. Here’s what we’ll do:  
President Trump has disrespected our most decorated military leaders and Gold Star families. We need a president who honors the service of all women and men in uniform and a plan that supports them and their families.  Here's how we'll   
We need steady leadership to ensure the economic security of veterans and military families. Join me in Norfolk, VA as I roll out my plan to help our veterans. Watch Live... 
Congresswoman is a true patriot. She spent almost 10 years on active duty as a helicopter pilot in the Navy. She looks forward to working with a president whose first allegiance is to our country — not himself. I’m honored to have her support. 
Secretary Richard V. Spencer is a man who stands up for what he believes in. He stood up for our country. He stood up to Trump. And today, I’m proud to have him standing with me. 
Super Tuesday is only 25 days away.To defeat Trump, we have to vote.If you want to vote in the primaries, you have to register. Let's  - register today: 
All the Democratic candidates agree that the wealthy should pay more in taxes. But only one of us has actually raised taxes on the wealthy by persuading a Republican legislature to vote for them: Me. 
America is defined by how we respond to hatred. Cities like El Paso have led by example — and I was honored to be able to bring a piece of the Survivor Tree from Ground Zero to be planted there. 
David Hoover lost his nephew AJ in the Aurora, CO movie theater shooting.He is a gun owner and a police officer. He believes in the Second Amendment as a constitutional right. But he believes people shouldn’t be able to trade and sell guns like playing cards.I agree. 
When I say I'll fight climate change, I mean it.As mayor, I cut NYC’s carbon footprint by 13% and achieved the city’s cleanest air in 50 yrs.When Trump pulled out of the Paris Accord, I mobilized a coalition to uphold America’s obligations. I don’t just talk. I 
Mary Reed was shot multiple times as she threw her body over her daughter during a shooting at a Safeway in Tucson, AZ.She still has a bullet in her spine.How many more stories like Mary’s must we hear before we act? 
 Adrian Perkins has been a leader all his life - as class president at West Point, as a Bronze Star recipient following tours in Iraq ; Afghanistan and now as he moves his hometown forward.Shreveport is lucky to have him, ; I’m honored to have his endorsement. 
 Mike Bloomberg speaking in Fresno, California on 2/3/20: 
For the past two decades, I've taken on and beaten the tobacco companies. As president, I'll continue to win that fight — and unlike President Trump, I will keep my word. 
Parents are furious that the president is doing nothing to stop the epidemic of e-cigs, and now the FDA's guidance will ensure that dangerous ; addictive flavored products will remain widely available. As a result, millions of kids will get addicted to nicotine through e-cigs.
Donald Trump has broken yet another promise. He vowed to get all flavored e-cigarettes off the market, but he backtracked because he thinks it will help his re-election campaign.  I'll take the other side of that bet.
Y la única manera de hacerlo es nominando a un candidato que pueda forjar la más amplia y sólida coalición para luchar directamente contra Trump – y ganarle.
En noviembre, debemos hacer lo que los republicanos en el Senado, salvo uno, no tuvieron el valor de hacer: votar para expulsar a un presidente anárquico e imprudente y dar vuelta a la página de este capítulo oscuro de nuestra nación.
El juicio fue una farsa y el voto, una vergüenza. No tengo duda de que los historiadores finalmente condenarán a este presidente, junto con los republicanos, quienes carecen del valor para condenarlo ellos mismos. Pero no podemos esperar a que la historia emita su veredicto.
Rep. reconoce la crisis en nuestra nación sobre la violencia con armas y sabe que no podemos quedarnos de brazos cruzados. Debemos tomar acción y, como presidente, trabajaré con él para que así sea. Es un honor contar con su apoyo y sé que juntos 
Rep. recognizes the urgency of the gun violence crisis in our nation and knows we can't sit idly by. We must take action, and as president, I will work with Rep. Vargas to ensure we do. I’m honored to have his support and know that, together, we will 
The only way to defeat this president is by nominating a candidate who can build the broadest and strongest coalition to take the fight directly to Trump – and win.
We must do in November what all but one of the Senate Republicans didn't have the courage to do: vote to remove a lawless, reckless president and turn the page on this dark chapter in the life of our country.
The trial was a charade, and the vote is a disgrace. I have no doubt that historians will ultimately convict this President, along with the Republicans who lack the courage to do it themselves. But we cannot wait for history to render its verdict – that is our job in November.
 I was born in a Small Town. And I live in a Small Town. But the reality is, Small Town America is disappearing.  And
I’ve been to too many funerals.I’ve met too many mothers like Diana, whose son Dedrick was gunned down trying to protect his friend.I’ve seen too many lives torn apart to not stand up, to not speak out, to not fight against the gun violence crisis with everything I have. 
Governor has been a trailblazer in Rhode Island. She’s made record investments in infrastructure and education and continues to lead the fight against the opioid crisis.She gets the tough things done, and I am honored to have her on our team. 
President Barack Obama is someone I was proud to call Commander-in-Chief, and someone I was honored to work with to get big things done.I miss that feeling. 
“It shocks me that so many people just cross their fingers and go, ‘I hope it doesn’t happen in my community.’” - Nancy Bowman after surviving the Safeway shooting in Tucson, AZ We can no longer hope gun violence won’t happen. It's happening. And we need action. 
You’ve probably heard me say I’ll “Get It Done.”Let me tell you what the “it” is. 
🤔 
The fight for equal rights has been one of the great fights of my life. 
"This nation is our canvas and this country is our masterpiece." -   
 
Speaking of judges…We are one Supreme Court Justice away from women losing their right to choose.That’s hardly something to celebrate.
Trump has proclaimed Infrastructure Week seven times and never gotten it done. 
Trump’s wall won’t fix our broken immigration system. Especially when the sections that Trump has managed to build are falling down. Americans don’t want it, but Trump’s ego demands it.  
To be fair, some groups have done very well during this presidency — oil lobbyists, autocrats, and Trump children. 
Behind the podium, Trump touts his support for the military. Behind closed doors, he calls them “a bunch of dopes and babies.”  
Either Trump doesn’t notice that wages are stagnant or he doesn’t care. We must build an economy that works for all Americans, all across the country. 
Tonight Trump is bragging about all the jobs he created. But his economic policies aren’t working — and neither are the Americans his policies are supposed to help.  
"The state of our union is stronger than ever before." Only three minutes in and he's already told his first lie. 
Let’s face it: We have an angry, out of control, lawless president dividing the American people and abusing his office.Other than all of that, the State of the Union is great!  
The opioid crisis is destroying communities across our country — killing tens of thousands of Americans. And more than 100 men, women, and children are losing their lives to gun violence every single day. 
All the benefits of his tax cuts for the wealthy have gone to people like me – who don’t need it! And he’s left the bill with the next generation. 
Despite what he says, wages are stagnating. And while unemployment is low, many Americans are working two or three jobs just to put food on the table. 
He bows down to the coal lobby — not to mention the pharmaceutical lobby, the tobacco lobby, and of course, the gun lobby. 
He attacks reproductive rights – and disrespects women.He pretends climate change doesn’t exist — and refuses to take action. 
He has extorted a foreign leader to try to win re-election. He alienates our allies and emboldens our adversaries. He demonizes immigrants and calls white supremacists “very fine people.” 
The president is trying to kick millions of Americans off of their health care and get rid of protections for people with pre-existing conditions. 
Tonight, Trump will deliver a  address. He’ll say the State of the Union is strong, but here’s what he won’t say – the truth: 
El resultado en Iowa destaca la necesidad de un candidato capaz de construir una coalición lo suficientemente amplia para unir al partido — y con la fortaleza para enfrentarse cara a cara a Trump y vencerlo.Esa es la coalición que construimos y ese es el candidato quien soy.
This campaign isn’t about winning today or next Tuesday. It’s about winning in November.Tonight, I’m in Philadelphia to talk to voters in yet another state Trump failed. Pennsylvania could be the difference between winning and losing in 2020.Let’s get to work. 
The results from Iowa underscore that we need a candidate who can build a coalition broad enough to unite the party — and strong enough to go toe-to-toe with Donald Trump and beat him.That’s the coalition we’re building, and that’s the candidate I’ll be.
Today, I’m in Philly, PA with our National Political Chair and former Mayor to meet supporters and share how we’re going to defeat Trump this November. Watch LIVE: 

In the few months since our campaign launched, we've visited 58 cities and recruited more than 2,100 team members across 40 states. We’re not slowing down — we’re just getting started. Join us:  
We had a great time in Detroit. Our momentum is building and it shows.We’re working every day to win battleground states like Michigan. Thank you to everyone who came out. Together, we’ll clean out the White House. 
I'm honored to have the support of so many talented and accomplished mayors from cities big and small and from every part of the country. I look forward to being a true partner to each one of them in the White House. Together, we will  
After surviving the horrific school shooting in Parkland, Sari Kaufman waited for gun safety reform. And waited. And waited.  Every day without action is an insult to Sari and other gun violence survivors past, present and future. We can’t abide that failure any longer. 
“Why isn’t anyone doing anything?”This is the question survivor Patricia Maisch asked herself after seeing a woman gunned down in front of her in a grocery store.I once asked myself the same question.Now, gun safety reform is a central part of my life’s work. 
Today we’re in Detroit to rally support in a state we have to win in November. Trump only won Michigan by 10,000 votes. Since then he's done nothing but break promises. Instead of worrying about Iowa and New Hampshire, we need to focus on where we need to win in 272 days.
 is a case study in how a mayor can have a direct impact on her community. She’s taken on Compton’s biggest challenges — and delivered. It was great spending time with her today, and I’m honored to have her support as we work to defeat Trump and rebuild America. 
Today I visited Fresno, CA, where the poverty rate and unemployment rate is twice the national average. We can’t afford another four years of a president who leaves communities like Fresno behind.  
To our Sacramento organizers and volunteers who’ve been working tirelessly to help us defeat Trump and rebuild America: Thank you all. We couldn’t run this race without you. 
Thank YOU for your commitment to doing the same. Your bravery is an inspiration. Your voices are being heard. Together, we can end this epidemic. 
Llevamos a cabo una campaña NACIONAL. Por ello, mientras otros candidatos están en IA, hoy estoy en CA.No podemos permitir otros 4 años de Donald Trump. He sido el único que lucha contra él directamente y en los estados dónde se decidirán las elecciones. 
Today marks the 150th anniversary of the 15th Amendment’s ratification. From women's suffrage to civil rights, the fight for the vote has been a long one, and it's not over yet. Trump is working to limit access to the ballot. I will work to put an end to voter suppression.
Khary Penebaker’s mother was mentally unwell. She used a gun to take her own life.  Khary often wonders what life would have been like if his mother hadn’t had access to that gun. We can make an America where no one has to ask, “What if?”  
Mary Ann Jacob was a faculty member at Sandy Hook Elementary when a gunman killed 20 young children and six educators.Mary Ann wants to make sure nothing like that ever happens again. And so do I. 
Una multitud de simpatizantes reunida este fin de semana en Miami en apoyo a Juan Guaidó, líder legítimo de Venezuela, dejó claro que el pueblo venezolano no está solo. Cuando caiga Maduro, apoyaremos sus esfuerzos por reconstruir una Venezuela libre, próspera y democrática.
The crowd that gathered in Miami this weekend to support Juan Guaidó, Venezuela's rightful leader, showed that the people of Venezuela aren't alone. They should know that when Maduro's govt falls, we'll support their efforts to rebuild a free, prosperous, democratic Venezuela.
We are running a NATIONAL campaign. That's why, while other candidates are in IA, I'm in CA today. We can't afford another 4 years of Donald Trump, and I've been the only one taking the fight directly to Trump in the states that will decide the election. 
Congratulations to the on an incredible season and a hard-fought Super Bowl win. It’s a great day for the great state of Missouri.
Donald Trump said he was going to bring change to this country.He did. 
 Follow a Texas volunteer who was featured in today’s Super Bowl ad about her son George, a…
 Thank you for the outpouring of support. If you're a parent who has suffered this loss use your pain and stand up. And…
“I’m going to tell George that he made it,” says Calandrian Simpson Kemp. “To know that this was his passion since age 4, and to now be able to have the world see my son, to see George Kemp Jr., in the  He made it in a different way and his mama sure is proud of him.” 
As a kid, George Kemp Jr. dreamed of playing in a  Gun violence robbed him of that dream. But tonight, George was at the Super Bowl inspiring us all in a more powerful way.  
Carlitos  is a survivor of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting in Parkland, FL, that killed 17 of his classmates. Carlitos created to make sure their stories didn’t die with them. We must honor these stories with action. 
When Jared was murdered at a neighborhood barbeque, Sharmaine Brown lost her son and her joy.She has since become a champion for gun safety and turned her tragedy into a force for change. I am proud to join her in fighting for that change.  
A spiraling, suicidal friend with a gun killed Shelley McMahon’s son. But it didn’t kill her hope. And for her, and everyone else in this country, we have to keep our hope alive too.We have to end gun violence. For Shelley. For Joe. For America. 
At the age of 17, Kedrick Johnson was shot and killed. A year later, I met his mother Shenee and made a promise to her.  
Rep. Tom Sullivan lost his son Alex in the Aurora theater massacre. It was every parent’s worst nightmare. And then Tom ran for office. He decided to do something about the crisis that took his son from him.I’ll make sure he’s not doing it alone.  
 Como alcaldes, y yo trabajamos juntos en las batallas más importantes de nuestras vidas - el cambio climático, la violencia con armas de fuego y la igualdad del matrimonio. Ahora, buscaremos la victoria en California, derrotaremos a Trump y reconstruiremos al país. 
Former LA Mayor did me the honor of joining me in speaking with Angelenos about the future of this country and how we’re going to make it brighter. I want to thank the people of LA and Mayor Villaraigosa for making an East Coast guy feel welcome in the west. 
Donald Trump knows I can beat him — and the fear of that keeps him up tweeting about me late into the night. 
As mayors, and I worked together on some of the most important fights of our time - like climate change, gun violence, and marriage equality. I look forward to teaming up with him again as we work to win California, defeat Donald Trump and rebuild America! 
Looks like our ads are keeping you up at night. We've got one in particular you should watch today. 
Glad to be back in Arizona. The energy and support for our campaign is stronger than ever in the great Grand Canyon State.Thank you to everyone in Phoenix who came out to show that they’re part of  
No family should ever have to go through what Brenda Moss has been through with the loss of her son Shawn. We can’t continue to look at stories like Brenda’s and say, “If only we could have done something.”We have to take action against gun violence. As president, I will. 
We can't reckon with our country's past until we learn from it and face it in full.  We can't take on the injustices of the present until we've confronted the forces of racism and prejudice that have produced them in the past.  
Our tax plan is going to raise trillions of dollars from high-income earners and corporations to pay for our nation's critical priorities.
“Employees now fear for their jobs and are questioning whether they should post potentially life-saving info or check [Trump's] tweets first.” Climate change is real. Science is real. And so is the danger of a president who doesn't believe in them. 
Colin Goddard is a survivor of the Virginia Tech massacre.He was in a room with 17 people. Only 7 made it out alive.That was 13 years ago. In the time since, we haven’t done nearly enough to stop gun violence.We need to do right by Colin, and by America. And we will. 
Just landed in Denver where we’re opening a new campaign office.Democrats absolutely must win Colorado if we’re going to defeat Donald Trump in November. And we cannot afford to wait another day to start organizing here.Our work starts now! 
We’ve got a lot of big ideas to solve big problems. To fund them, I have a plan that makes the tax code more progressive by reversing the Trump tax cuts and making sure high-income earners pay more for our nation’s critical priorities:  
Glad to have on my team! 
Black history is American history. As we celebrate Black History Month, let us recognize the many contributions by Black Americans to make this a better and stronger country. 
Rents are on the rise. Wages aren't. Trump promised to help the people in "Trump Country." He isn't.I will. Here's how:  
Shaundelle Brooks' son was shot and killed in a Waffle House in Antioch, Tennessee. No parent should experience the pain of losing their child to gun violence. Fighting for gun safety has been my life's work — and I won't back down as president.  
Building a strong team doesn’t guarantee success. But it gives you your best shot at it. Read about why I see my team as the single most important element of my success in business and in government:  
There's only one job I'd ever trust Trump to do, and it's not the one he has now. 
Moving beyond coal was hard. Moving to a 100% clean energy economy will be even harder. But when people come together to demand environmental justice in their communities, we've shown that anything is possible. 
Jane Dougherty lost her sister Mary in the Sandy Hook massacre. I met Jane when I was in Denver - she's an inspiration in the fight for gun safety reform, and she has turned tragedy into hope for a brighter future. 
Trump’s e-cigarette regulations left a gaping loophole. One that vape companies are using to continue to target teens.Was it a massive legislative oversight or an underhanded concession to the vape industry?Does it matter? 
The NRA wants you to believe that any call for gun safety reform is the equivalent of revoking Americans' 2nd Amendment rights.The NRA is lying to you.We can protect  rights while enacting common sense gun safety reform. Here’s how:  
Utah Congressman has led on the issues central to this election: taking action to create jobs, improve education, and expand access to affordable health care for Americans. I'm looking forward to working with him to bring people together and rebuild America. 
For me, gun violence is personal. I’ve met too many families who’ve lost loved ones to guns, and I’ve seen their pain firsthand. Donald Trump accepts this pain, and he and the NRA say there’s nothing we can do about it. 
Creo que podemos volver a ser un país que da la bienvenida a los inmigrantes, valore a los inmigrantes, respete a los inmigrantes y los empodere para alcanzar el sueño americano.  
Americans have to acknowledge our nation's history and the systematic inequality that stems from racism. It's time to fight for economic justice for Black Americans and close the racial wealth gap.   
Eduardo, this campaign is for you.I'm running for president for you. Thank you for listening. Now let's   
I believe we can once again be a country that welcomes immigrants, values immigrants, respects immigrants, and empowers them to pursue the American Dream.  
In November, Virginia voters spoke loud and clear that they wanted gun safety reform. Today, because of the Democratic majority they elected, VA passed stronger background checks and other bills that will keep guns out of the wrong hands and save lives. 
The slight increase in U.S. life expectancy is welcome news after years of decline, but the drug overdose epidemic continues - and deaths from the synthetic opioid fentanyl continue to rise. My statement below: 
  new ad will ensure America’s gun violence crisis - and Donald Trump’s abject indifference to it - are…
Part of the problem with helping Americans find homes is that there’s a shortage of affordable housing for them to live in.We’re going to break down the barriers to building affordable housing where people want to live, and ensure that it is accessible to those who need it. 
All across America, thousands of children are living in squalor, unsure of where their next meal will come from or where they will sleep tonight.  This is no way to grow up. As president, I will double federal funding to attack homelessness and get families off the streets. 
With the cost of rent rising, it’s getting harder for Americans to make ends meet — and many are falling short. More than 6,000 people are evicted every day. To help families stay in their homes, we’ll guarantee housing vouchers to all extremely low-income Americans. 
Every night, nearly 600,000 Americans sleep on the street or in shelters. This is unacceptable. We’ll double federal spending and cut the number of homeless Americans in half by 2025, and we’ll put those in need in homes, not shelters.  
And now, despite his promise not to cut Medicaid, he's proposing a block grant program that will do exactly that, hurting low-income children and families across America. We need a president who will achieve health care coverage for everyone, and I will get it done.
The Affordable Care Act helped millions get the coverage they needed — but Donald Trump has spent three years trying to roll it back. He continues to advance a lawsuit that would dismantle protections for people with pre-existing conditions, while absurdly claiming otherwise.
Today, I’m in Washington, D.C. to announce my policy plans on housing affordability and homelessness. Watch the livestream here: 
Hundreds of thousands of Americans are homeless. Millions more can’t afford a decent place to live. As president, I will confront the issue of housing affordability and ensure that all Americans have a place they are proud to call home. Here’s how: 
I’ve been proud to work with DC Mayor on issues affecting our nation’s cities. She has dedicated her career to giving people a fair shot at the American Dream. That’s what our campaign is about - and it's why I’m glad to have her on board.  
This is a story that needs to be told.  This is a crisis that needs to end.  This is why I'm running for president.  
My administration will clear the naturalization backlog and create a path to citizenship for the 11 million undocumented immigrants. 
We’ll decrease chronic diseases among Latinos. Latinos have the highest uninsured rate among racial or ethnic groups and face high rates of chronic illnesses. We need to expand access to health care, and we will. 
We will double the number of Latino-owned businesses with employees in 10 years. Wages will be higher, and more Latinos will be able to buy a home. We’ll also make sure Latinos have greater access to credit and other banking services. 
We’re going to start with education. We will close the college completion gap for Latinos within 10 years. When I’m president, more Latinos will be able to afford a quality college education without taking on crushing debt to complete their degrees. 
Por mucho tiempo los latinos en los Estados Unidos han recibido un trato injusto dentro de un sistema que no les permite progresar. Mi gobierno creará prosperidad económica real para las familias latinas.Así es cómo lo lograremos: 
For too long, Latinos in America have gotten a raw deal under a system that doesn’t allow them to succeed. My administration will create real economic prosperity for Latino families. Here’s how we’ll get it done:  
My vision for a more prosperous America honors the Latino community’s tradition of answering the call to serve this country. My plan brings real and inclusive economic opportunity for Latino families.Join me and  here:  
Today, I’m in El Paso, TX launching “¡Ganamos con Mike!” I’m also unveiling a new initiative - “El Paso Adelante” - my Latino policy agenda aimed at boosting prosperity and economic security for Latino Americans. Watch the livestream here: 
Today, I’m in Texas to meet with Latino leaders because I know how important their community is here. We discussed my policies to create economic mobility for Latinos across America. Looking forward to sharing my strategy with you tonight. 
While Trump continues to threaten coverage for those with pre-existing conditions, Americans are suffering. At the core of my health care policy is a promise to build a system that is affordable and improves the health of all Americans. 
For the past year, the Migrant Protection Protocols program has left 60,000 individuals and families awaiting court proceedings to seek asylum with little to no access to legal representation.As president, I will demand an immediate end to the MPP program. 
When I was mayor, was a great partner of our administration. He helped us dramatically improve the Bronx's quality of life by expanding open spaces and reducing pollution. I know he'll continue to make an impact in whatever he decides to do next. 
Dog people get me. Dogs too.  
 Tonight: and a performance from ft.  
My statement on President Trump's Mideast peace plan: 
I believe in a future where all LGBTQ+ Americans can be who they are and love who they want.  Stand with us:  
As mayor, I pledged to ensure LGBTQ+ New Yorkers were protected from hatred, violence and discrimination. As president, I’ll extend this pledge to all of America.Proud to have my friend standing with me in the fight for equality. 
For years, I’ve stood with the LGBTQ+ community in their fight for equality ; justice. While we’ve made progress, we still have a long way to go. Honored to have LGBTQ+ champions ; on board to help continue this fight. 
As president, I will protect every member of the LGBTQ+ community.We'll close disparities in health care access and quality, stop violence against transgender people, and advocate for equal rights. We cannot settle for anything less – and I won’t.  
We will protect LGBTQ+ Americans, especially transgender women of color, from harm in the criminal justice system. We’ll require training for law enforcement in de-escalation and implicit bias. We’ll also reverse the ban on transgender individuals serving in the military. 
We will restore U.S. leadership on LGBTQ+ issues at home and abroad, and appoint cabinet members and staff who represent the full diversity of our country. We will honor LGBTQ+ vets and service members, protect displaced persons, and promote the rights of LGBTQ+ people abroad. 
We must protect the youngest members of the LGBTQ+ community by making our schools safer and more inclusive. We will end discrimination in adoptions, and will ban conversion therapy.  
As president, I will sign the Equality Act into law. This will provide consistent non-discrimination protections for LGBTQ+ Americans in a variety of areas, including housing and employment.  
It is paramount that we ensure equal treatment for LGBTQ+ Americans everywhere, both in the workplace and in our communities. 
I have been honored to stand with the LGBTQ+ community in the fight for equality ; justice. But we still have a long way to go. As president, I will work to protect every member of the LGBTQ+ community from hatred, violence, and discrimination. Here’s how:  
I am running a campaign for ALL Americans. As president, I will serve ALL Americans. Because whatever side of the road we find ourselves on, we’re ALL Americans.Join us:  
It’s time to make Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico states, with full representation in Congress. And, we can't let a minority of Senators block it — let’s do it with 51 votes. 
We still have a long way to go in the fight for LGBTQ+ equality and justice. As president, I will work to protect every member of the LGBTQ+ community from hatred, violence, and discrimination: 
While other candidates are spending their time in Iowa and New Hampshire, our campaign is investing in Maine and other important swing states. Defeating Donald Trump will take all of us, all over America. That’s why I’m proud to announce the opening of our office in Scarborough. 
The Supreme Court today ruled to allow Trump's plans to apply a wealth test to immigrants applying for green cards. How far we have fallen from — “Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to be free."
Today we’re in Vermont, and not just to get syrup and beer. We’re here because Vermont shares the same issues as the rest of America - climate change, gun violence, and the opioid epidemic - and together, we can defeat Donald Trump and solve them. 
The had questions. I had answers. 
Three years ago Trump ordered a travel ban on 7 Muslim-majority countries, kickstarting a divisive, incendiary presidency that has made Muslims and other communities feel unwelcome. What Trump doesn't understand is that diversity is America's great strength and always will be.
Today marks 75 years since the liberation of Auschwitz. My statement below:   
Finally, we’ll leverage the federal government’s investments in drug research. 1 in 4 new drugs are rooted in this publicly supported research. When this research is sold to drug developers, we'll mandate that any resulting drug will be given a “value-based” price.
Part of how drug companies keep prices high is through layering on extra patents. We’ll limit each new drug to a single patent lasting 20 years and work with Congress to stop brand-name drug makers from slowing the introduction of generics.
We’ll force drug companies to function like any other market and compete on the price and value of their medicines, rather than the amount of money they pay for preferential treatment. We’ll do away with all drug-company payments to pharmacy benefit managers.
We’ll keep drug spending in check by capping Medicare beneficiaries’ out-of-pocket drug spending at $2,000 annually. We’ll also redesign the benefit to make insurers and drug companies shoulder more of the cost. 
We’ll ensure that insurers provide affordable prescription options. We’ll push for Medicare to review insurers’ lists of drugs that can be prescribed to ensure they promote the most cost-effective drugs, including generics. 
The first thing we’ll do to bring down prescription drug prices is to do it the way other countries do it: through negotiation. We’ll revise the law to authorize Medicare to negotiate with drug companies, and set an upper limit for the negotiated price. 
Americans are paying too much for prescription drugs. For some brand-name drugs, U.S. prices are 10 times higher than other countries. We can’t allow drug companies to keep writing their own rules.Here's my plan to help reduce America’s drug prices: 
The rising cost of prescription drugs has forced too many families to choose between maintaining their health and going into debt. President Trump promised to do something about it. At this point, you can probably guess what happened.  
Ha llegado el momento de añadir la estrella de Puerto Rico a nuestra bandera nacional. Como presidente, cuando los votantes en la isla estén listos, unificaré al Congreso y a todo el país para lograrlo.Lee mi columna aquí: 
The time has come to sew Puerto Rico’s star into our national flag. As president, when voters there are ready to begin the stitching, I’ll bring Congress and the whole country together to get it done.Read my op-ed here: 
 has been a strong leader in Washington on issues like gun violence, climate and veterans – and he has delivered results.Honored to have his support and I look forward to getting our country moving forward again. 
Puerto Rico's poverty rate is ~43%. Yet we impose a federally-controlled debt restructuring process that stunts their ability to take care of people. This can’t continue. We need to create a government financial system that helps PR instead of hindering it.
Puerto Ricans deserve much better than we’ve given them. They are a part of our country, yet are often treated as second class-citizens. Here’s how we invest in the long-term success of PR and provide them with the stability and equity they deserve: 
I know America is ready to get things done - and I’m going to bring people together to make it happen! I believe that we can come together, find common ground, and build a country that we are proud of. Thanks to our Florida team for making us feel welcome in Miami today. 
I will always have Israel's back.  
We are watching the news out of California with heavy hearts and thinking of the Bryants and all the families who are devastated by this terrible tragedy.
The president sets the tone for the country.It’s either exclusive or inclusive — divisive or uniting. It either appeals to “very fine people on both sides” of bigotry — or unequivocally rejects it. I choose inclusion. I choose tolerance. I choose America.  
I have been and always will be a defender of Israel. That’s why, when the FAA banned American carriers from flying to Israel during the Gaza conflict of 2014, I boarded an El Al flight from NYC to Tel Aviv to express solidarity with Israelis.  
The perpetrators of anti-Semitism and hate have been given a presidential megaphone through Trump’s refusal to condemn violent extremist groups.As president, I will call these groups for what they are - domestic terrorists - and work with the FBI and DOJ to crack down on them. 
My parents taught me that Judaism is about more than going to shul — it’s about living our values to help others ; to ‘repair the world’ in the tradition of Tikkun Olam. That’s the spirit behind our campaign, and it’s why I’m excited to launch our new coalition  
If you believe our country can do better. If you want to join the fight to make sure that we do.Join us here:   
I support Israel. I always have ; always will. But I refuse to use Israel as a wedge issue for electoral purposes — as Trump has.Americans should never have to choose between supporting Israel ; our values here at home. I will defend both — because they are inextricably linked. 
Today, on the eve of the 75th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz, I addressed the Jewish community in Broward County, FL.My message is this: We believe in inclusion, tolerance, and unity — and we will fight to preserve them.
I’m asking you to stand and fight with me - as proud Americans, and as proud Jews. Today, I’m celebrating the launch of  in Florida. Watch LIVE: 
Preparing to address the Jewish American community in Broward County, FL. Hope you'll watch here:   
The fact that so many members of the military put their lives on the line to keep us safe, only to return home and feel adrift, is one of the great failures of our nation. Here's my plan to increase opportunities for veterans: 
The president wields his bully pulpit - and his Twitter account - to demean women. As president, I will protect the rights and health of all women - not try to undermine them. 
I believe in the American Dream because I’ve lived it.  I’m running for president to ensure everyone gets that chance. 
The consequences of climate change could be catastrophic if we don’t act now. As president, I’ll accelerate America’s transition to a zero carbon economy.  
Trump's dismissal of traumatic brain injuries is an insult to the 350,000 veterans who suffer from these injuries — and to the brave men and women in uniform who continue to put themselves in harm's way. Sadly, it's part of a pattern:  
America is at its best when we work together to find meaningful and lasting solutions to our big challenges. Defeating Trump - and rebuilding America - is the most urgent and important fight of our lives, and I’m going all in. Join us: 
“The NRA spent roughly $30m helping Trump win the presidency in 2016.”The NRA expected a return on their investment, and they got it.This is why I don’t take contributions. If elected, the only people I will owe anything to are the American people. 
Join me in New York City at our campaign HQ and attend a very special event on January 28th. Trip includes airfare ; one night of hotel accommodations for winner + guest. Enter here:  
Trump's decision to speak at the  is an example of this administration's relentless assault on women. Everyone at the march has a right to voice their opinion — but that does not preclude a woman's right to make decisions about her own body.
The coronavirus outbreak demands our attention. With any potential epidemic, our first line of defense are the public health professionals at the CDC — and that's why it's important to make sure they are always funded and empowered to do their jobs. 
 Oatmeal raisin!
We can’t take battleground states like Minnesota for granted; the Democratic margin of victory in 2016 was barely 44,000 votes. That’s why we’re not waiting to organize and invest in Minnesota, and why we opened an office in Minneapolis today. 
In the words of one of America’s greatest philosophers: “C is for cookie, that's good enough for me.”It was a pleasure to spend the afternoon with a bakery dedicated to baking cookies for a cause. 
 is my kind of leader - someone who leads by doing and who works to expand opportunities for others - both on the field, in business, and in his community.His talent is inspiring and his spirit is only matched by his passion. I’m honored to have his support. 
After the Pulse nightclub shooting, decided to run for office. She took on the incumbent in her district who had accepted a check from the NRA two days after the massacre — and won. We need more leaders like her in Congress who won't sell out to the gun lobby. 
Why am I tough on e-cigs?“There is limited evidence that e-cigarettes in general help adult smokers quit and no credible evidence that flavored e-cigarettes do so. In contrast, there is clear evidence that flavored e-cigarettes attract kids.” 
There’s a difference between talk and action. That’s the difference between Donald Trump and me. 
A president can't govern alone. If elected, I'll need more progressive partners at every level of government across the country. That's why I signed the Down Ballot Pledge, to partner with orgs like ; 
The men and women of our military are some of the bravest, most patriotic, and most honorable people in this country. They deserve better from the president. When our president disrespects our military, he disrespects America. 
Mayor is taking on the biggest and toughest issues in San Francisco - always putting progress over politics.I'm honored to have her support and look forward to working with her to win this election and make her city and state stronger, fairer and greener. 
Our nation’s streets, bridges and transit systems are falling further and further behind. And the biggest roadblock is a president who doesn’t follow through on his promises. We need a plan, and we need to act on it. 
Obsessed much? It shouldn't be this easy to distract the President of the United States.  
In front of the US Conference of Mayors today, I voiced my support for DC to become a state — with full voting rights. And as president, I'll work with Congress to make it happen. 
It’s 2020 and there are people in this country who still don’t have access to clean drinking water. That’s unacceptable. We have a plan to remove forever chemicals and provide ALL Americans with access to clean water. The time to act is now. 
First Jeter. Now Eli. Only in NYC can we celebrate two all-time legends back-to-back.For being a true champion...the face of the franchise...and for beating the Pats in the Super Bowl — TWICE — we salute you forever,  
This is outrageous. A group of wheelchair users wanted to travel together on Amtrak, and for that they were charged $25,000. This is exactly why we need to do more to make our nation's transportation more accessible to ALL Americans. 
While I was mayor, we filled more than 3 million potholes in NYC. (I didn't do them all myself.) And as president, we will have a $1 billion annual pothole fund for emergency repairs.  
 is 47 years old today but has never been more threatened. We cannot leave fundamental women's rights to an increasingly hostile court - and we cannot allow President Trump to have another four years to destroy them. 
 I know you’ve been watching our ads. We’ve been watching yours, too. 
We’ll make our infrastructure GREENER, addressing critical challenges posted by climate change.We’ll ensure all Americans can breathe clean air.We’ll build a power grid for the 21st century.And we’ll prioritize climate resilience for all new infrastructure. 
We’ll make sure all Americans have SAFER and more reliable infrastructure and basic services.We’ll build safer streets and highways to dramatically reduce road deaths.And we’ll ensure clean drinking water and lead-free homes for all. 
We need to get people ; goods moving FASTER.That means overhauling our nation’s roads, bridges, and transit to reduce congestion.We’ll upgrade everything from airports to freight systems to broadband. And, we’ll complete a high-speed rail line by 2025. 
The first step to fixing our infrastructure is to install SMAER thinking and planning processes. We’ll create the first-ever national map that traces all road, rail, transit, air and freight routes.We’ll leverage data to plan and fund smarter projects in smarter ways. 
America’s infrastructure system is broken. But money is only part of the problem. We need a visionary plan for a smarter, faster, safer, and greener infrastructure network that brings the USA into the 21st century. Here’s how we do it:  
 has dedicated his life to building a more open, inclusive, equitable, just and prosperous America - as a civil rights activist, pastor, and leader in Congress.He’s a force for change and I’m honored that he’s joining our campaign. 
Derek Jeter: Classy and clutch. A true champion. Mr. November.There's no mystery why you have been elected to the Hall of Fame. The only mystery really is how someone could have left you off their ballot! 
It's time for the Senate to act and remove Trump from office. If they won’t do their jobs, this November you and I will.Join me at  
I pledge to  by protecting voting rights for all Americans, preventing gerrymandering, making it easy for all eligible Americans to cast their ballots, and ensuring our elections are safe and secure. Here’s how we’ll get it done: 
 
You may know Michael Douglas as a movie star, but it's what he's accomplished off screen that makes him a role model.He has dedicated his life to building a better world, and I'm honored to count on his friendship and support as we unite to rebuild America. 
He tenido la suerte de trabajar con en temas importantes como la violencia con armas y el cambio climático. Compartimos un enfoque de sentido común al gobernar y la doy la bienvenida a nuestra campaña conforme trabajamos para derrotar a Trump y reconstruir América. 
I’ve been lucky to work with on a number of important issues like gun violence and climate change. We share a common-sense approach to government, and I’m honored he’s joining our campaign leadership team as we work to defeat Donald Trump and rebuild America. 
El descubrimiento de víveres no distribuidos en Puerto Rico es indefendible. Durante los últimos 2 años, el dolor de nuestros compatriotas ha sido agravado por maniobras políticas. Sobresalimos cuando nos unimos para ayudar a quienes lo necesitan. Puerto Rico nos necesita ahora.
The discovery of unused disaster aid in Puerto Rico is unconscionable. For the past two years, the suffering of our fellow citizens there has been compounded by political games ; mismanagement. America is at its best when we unite to help those in need. Puerto Rico needs us now.
One of the most important lessons I've learned: 
In Tulsa, I proposed a sweeping and ambitious strategy to invest in Black wealth creation to close the racial wealth gap that plagues our country. This comprehensive and inclusive initiative has three big goals.   
The work that the women of Alpha Kappa Alpha are doing for the homeless is inspiring and important. I was honored to spend the afternoon packing backpacks for their homeless backpack project. Thank you to the sisters of AKA and for having me out. 
Cada año en este día, nos corresponde reflexionar sobre el legado de una de nuestras figuras más importantes en Estados Unidos, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. — y sobre el racismo y la injusticia en contra de los cuales marchó y el sueño por el cual luchó.  
Every year on this day, we are called to reflect on the legacy of one of our greatest Americans, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. — and on the racism and injustice he marched against, and the dream he marched for.   
Geoffrey Canada's work has changed the trajectory for Harlem kids. He has proved that if you raise expectations for schools and give them the resources they need, they will meet them. Glad to have his support - and together, we'll raise the bar for education in America. 
We’re going to help more Black entrepreneurs access the resources they need to create and scale their businesses. This helps Black businesses, communities AND the entire economy.  how we’re going to do it:  
The challenge of Black wealth creation today is inextricably linked to the racial inequalities of the past, and I’m determined to make breaking that link a centerpiece of my presidency. Homeownership is central to that goal:  
We’re going to work with communities and families to address the systemic inequality that has kept millions of Black Americans from owning their own home.  how we’re going to do it:  
And the impact of that theft over a period of centuries has meant an enormous loss of wealth for individuals and families across generations, a kind of compound interest in reverse. 
For hundreds of years, America systematically stole Black lives, Black freedom, ; Black labor. A theft of labor and a transfer of wealth - enshrined in law and enforced by violence. 
The Greenwood Initiative will help triple the wealth of Black families over the next 10 years by: - Doubling the number of Black-owned businesses- Helping 1 million additional Black families buy a house- Investing $70 billion in strengthening communities 
Let's make this true in the workplace, in politics, and in life. And I am ready to roll up my sleeves, bring people together, and make it true for all of America. 
This holiday weekend, let's re-dedicate ourselves to the words Dr. King spoke on his final day on this Earth, in Memphis. He said: "We can all get more together than we can apart." 
I believe that all students should be taught the history of slavery from the experience of enslaved people and the history of places like Greenwood, because Black history is American history. 
Making sure that all children get the education and support they need to succeed is essential to creating more economic opportunity. 
I'm not running for president to do small things - but to do big things, that will make a big difference. 
The challenge of Black wealth creation today is inextricably linked to the racial inequalities of the past, and I’m determined to make breaking that link a centerpiece of my presidency: 
We're live in Tulsa - 
Today, I'm announcing The Greenwood Initiative, an ambitious plan to close the historic economic gaps in our society. It will be a central focus of my presidency, and builds on my commitment over the past 20 years to create economic growth in communities. 
Today, I’m in the historic Greenwood district of Tulsa, OK - an area once known as Black Wall Street. Here, I’m unveiling some of the most important and ambitious initiatives I have ever put forward. Tune in to the livestream here:  
Tonight, we’re in Salt Lake City, UT. It’s a state that Trump needs to win, so it’s a state where we need to be. To save our planet and help all Americans, first we need to win. I want to thank all of our supporters who came out to help us defeat Trump and turn UT blue. 
Koreatown in LA is a place built by  immigrants. It represents everything that people who come to this country can contribute economically and culturally, and it’s a vital and important part of America. I want to thank the local community leaders for showing me around. 
On every issue I’m involved with, women are leading the way, from the moms demanding an end to gun violence to the young women walking out of their schools in support of climate justice. When we defeat Trump, I know it will be because women rose up to say enough.  
Our campaign National Political Chair and former Philadelphia Mayor is right. We have an opportunity to turn this country around. Together, we'll  
I finished my California climate change tour by speaking with community members from around Monterey, CA. They told me a little about them, and I told them a little about me. Together, we can make this country what it should be. 
This week I released an agenda to fight climate change by reducing emissions from buildings ; vehicles. By targeting our biggest sources of pollution ; improving our resiliency against the consequences of climate change, our plan will turn America green.  
I spoke with  supporters in Oakland, CA about climate change, public transit, and what we can do to take care of our planet’s future. Thanks to everyone who came out! 
From spearheading investment in transportation infrastructure to advocating at every level for the people who call her city home, Oakland Mayor is an inspiring example of the difference that mayors can make. 
He's the Real McCoy! 
Big Tobacco targets our children and profits at the expense of American lives. Meanwhile, Trump puts special interests ahead of our people. I have fought and beaten Big Tobacco. As president, I'll continue that fight. 
I rode BA today to Oakland, CA. I’m a big believer in public transport ; its ability to reduce our carbon footprint. That’s why I’m making investing in public transportation a centerpiece of my strategy for cutting U.S. carbon pollution by 50% by 2030.  
People need to get from one place to another, but they don’t have to pollute while they do it. My clean transportation plan will reduce pollution, traffic and fuel costs to help cut U.S. carbon pollution by 50% by 2030:  
We are building a campaign to take on the tough fights – and win.Thrilled to have a strong, pragmatic leader like in our corner. 
Well, you ARE the expert on vanity projects, but here's what you've done for the USA: - A big tax cut for people who didn't need it - A complete surrender to the gun lobby - A total rollback of environmental protections - A broken promise to protect pre-existing conditions  
I want to debate, but I don't qualify because I've never taken a penny in contributions from anyone.Not even a "very small loan" of a million dollars. 
In business and in government — I get things done on the issues that matter most to women. In the White House, I will be committed to advancing an inclusive agenda for women.   
After the Pulse nightclub shooting, ran for office to change Washington and pass common sense gun laws.I'm honored to have her endorsement ; I look forward to working closely with her to  
As president, I'll create the nation's first Wildfire Corps - a federal, state ; tribal partnership. We’ll prioritize hiring in rural ; forest communities. When fires break out, we’ll provide communities with the firefighters they need.  
Today's decision by Florida's Supreme Court only extends the long, ugly history of voter suppression in America. If you've been incarcerated and served your time, you deserve to regain the fundamental right to vote. 
The staggering cost of health care in this country is leaving millions of Americans struggling. It's unacceptable. I recently met with Meaghan Kilner, a two-time cancer survivor, in Alexandria, Virginia for an open ; honest conversation about the true cost of health care. 
As we work to avoid the worst impacts of climate change by rapidly reducing carbon pollution ; investing in clean energy, we also have to equip communities to cope with climate impacts. Today, I’m announcing my plan for resilience: 
Since 1986, wildfires in the western U.S. have quadrupled in frequency and are burning six times more land. These fires displace people from their homes and contribute to carbon emissions. I have a strategy to put these fires out, and keep them out: 
Combatting climate change isn’t about giving up things we need, but about investing in those things we want: cleaner air and water, cheaper power, and more jobs. In 2020, we'll elect a president who's not a climate denier. 
Trump Tower and other Trump properties in NYC face millions in fines for not meeting green building regulations. Unlike our climate Denier-in-Chief, I believe in following the data.  
All of my success in life - everything I’ve done - is thanks to strong women around me. Thanks to everyone who came out to celebrate the launch of  in NYC tonight. 
 A steadfast champion for women as an entrepreneur, mayor, and philanthropist, Mike knows that when women succeed, we all d…
When we defeat Trump in November, it will be because women rose up to say: Enough. Tonight, we’re celebrating the launch of  in New York. Watch LIVE: 
I’m honored to have the support of voters like Audrey Smaltz. Her passion is contagious. Her faith is humbling. I’ll make sure to do her proud.  
“Equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged...by any state on account of sex.” VA is now the 38th state to approve these words that should've been approved a long time ago. Progress is moving too slowly, but in the right direction.
Measures like our clean buildings initiative are how we cut pollution across the U.S. by 50% by 2030 and put us on the pathway to full decarbonization before mid-century. These are actionable, attainable goals that will help shape and help save our future.  
America loves her, and she loves America. That’s why I’m happy and humbled to have Judge Judy Sheindlin’s support. Thank you, Judy.  
We have a youth e-cigarette epidemic on our hands. And we need a president who doesn't buckle under pressure from the tobacco industry. I've led the charge against tobacco companies throughout my career ; I'll do it in the White House as president.  
I've led the charge against Big Tobacco and I'm not stopping now.  As president, I'll direct the FDA to ban all flavored e-cigarettes.
 COMING UP: Presidential candidate joins us LIVE at the  table for a daytime exclusive interview. 
We’ll also need people to help implement these improvements , and that means jobs. My clean building plan will help unlock a market with hundreds of thousands of new jobs in facilitating the transition to cleaner, greener buildings.  
El gobierno de Trump dio otro golpe bajo al pueblo puertorriqueño al ignorar su salud y seguridad reteniendo la ayuda que necesita. Pero gracias y la isla ahora podría recibir los fondos que require. 
For an administration with such a disregard for peoples' health ; safety, the holdup of disaster aid to Puerto Rico is a new low. But thanks to ; efforts, PR may now get the funds it needs to begin its recovery in earnest. 
My clean building initiative includes measures to help homeowners, building owners and tenants to upgrade their homes and buildings to save energy and eliminate pollution. We’ll especially prioritize people in low-income and underserved communities: 
Cutting emissions as fast as possible means dealing with the biggest emissions contributors first. The building sector represents 12% of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions. We can change that: 
 That's why my campaign is already taking the fight directly to you, in Wisconsin and every other state you try to win.
 The implications of this election will be felt for generations 
  We are coming for you all the way down the ballot. This election has implications beyond 2020 
Now that my team has your attention, I think it's important that you see what said to voters in Wisconsin tonight.Battleground states like Wisconsin will decide the 2020 election.This is not a joke. 
I see everyone at campaign HQ is hard at work. 
 Not gonna happen, Pat.
Should I be worried about this? 
Coal has no place in our clean energy future. I'm proud to have worked with during their tireless work to phase out fossil fuel - and to have helped retire over 300 coal plants since 2010. As president, I’ll make sure we finish the job. 
 you're one of the only people I'd stay up this late for. Looking forward to our chat on tonight. 
I'm running for president because I have the management experience to beat Donald Trump. Great catching up with this weekend: 
The foxes are guarding the henhouse. This is like bank robbers running the Treasury... or the Joker running the Department of Justice. 
 this is an insult to the countless people who have actually stood for the protection of health care. Here’s an example of someone doing just that:  
An attack on our right to vote is an attack on our Constitution - and an insult to the generations of Americans who fought and continue to fight for civil rights. 
 ran a strong and substantive campaign to lift and inspire Americans, which speaks to the heart of the guy that I've known and supported for many years — from when we worked together on issues as mayors.  New Jersey is lucky to have Cory fighting for them.
Glad to see you're watching our ads, I know management isn't your strong suit, so perhaps you don't know your Justice Department supports a suit that would undermine protections for pre-existing conditions. Now that you know, why not ask them to drop the suit?
@ us next time 
While the Democratic field is focused on NH and IA, Trump is operating at full-speed in the battleground states. We can’t afford to give him that advantage. That’s why I’m taking the fight to Trump. 
The Democratic primary system is handicapping the party’s chances of winning presidential elections. We need to reorder the calendar to better reflect the full diversity of the electorate and to focus more on all the states we need to win in November. 
 is an American hero and an American success story. We need a president who will help make stories like his the norm, not the exception. Here’s how we will give vets the support they need to thrive, both in and out of uniform:  
Thank you to each and every person who came out all over the nation for Day One of Our movement is growing stronger. Our voices are growing louder. Our goal remains the same: Defeat Donald Trump.Together, we can  
Creating good jobs isn't something I just talk about. It's something I've spent my entire career doing. 
Veterans like Ryan McGill have given a lot to this country as members of our military and have more to offer as members of our communities. Right now, we’re not giving them the opportunities they need to succeed. It’s time to fight for those who fought for us. 
Trump says we have the greatest economy in the history of our country. That's because he only watches the stock ticker. The economy isn't working for all Americans. We need to create jobs ; grow incomes by investing in research, talent, ; infrastructure.
I love our country too much to sit on the sidelines when there is so much at stake. Thanks for your support, and for joining me and Judge Judy Sheindlin on the campaign trail in Texas yesterday. 
We made it to Dallas, where we're wrapping up our Texas tour with new friends. Thanks to everyone who came out to see us today and who supported us all over the country. The stars in Texas are big ; bright, and so is America's future.  
On the road to flip Texas blue.  
Thank you for spending part of your weekend with me, Austin! 
One bus. Five cities. We're riding the  Express - from San Antonio to San Marcos to Austin to Waco to Dallas - to flip Texas blue. 
Everyone pictured here gave up their Saturday to work towards one goal: uniting our country. All over the nation our supporters are rallying their communities to help us defeat Trump. We can't do it alone but we will do everything we can to  Thank you for your support. 
Today, people all over the nation are showing their support for our campaign, and I couldn't be more honored, grateful and  hopeful for our future. Together, we will defeat Donald Trump. Together, we will rebuild America. Together, we will  
Pit stop in San Marcos, TX. My BBQ order: brisket, coleslaw, and beans. 
Here in Texas, Gov. Abbott has announced that Texas will no longer accept refugees, making TX the first state to take President Trump up on his un-American policy. As president I will end Trump's attempts to demonize and scapegoat refugees and immigrants. 
America loves her, and she loves America. That's why I'm happy and humbled to have Judge Judy Sheindlin's support - and to be traveling with her through Texas on my first bus tour. Thank you, Judy. 
Howdy from Texas. Today I’m on a bus tour of the Lone Star State, meeting with thousands of Texans who care about our country and our future. We’re going to change this state and this nation - for the better - and we’re going to do it together. 
In God we trust. Everyone else: bring data. Data drives our economy, and should help drive the priorities of our government. In the era of fake news ; "alternative facts," data might just save the world. 
After Hurricane Maria, Trump "helped" Puerto Rico by throwing a few rolls of paper towels at them and playing politics with much-needed federal aid.Now, after an earthquake has displaced thousands, he’s doing even less. Puerto Rico needs our help — now. 
An attack on voting rights is an attack on our Constitution — ; an insult to the generations of Americans who fought ; continue to fight for our civil rights. That’s why I’m making sure Americans’ voting rights are protected. Read my voting access plan: 
States removed more than 17M Americans from voter rolls in two years after the Supreme Court’s 2013 Shelby County v. Holder ruling that gutted protections of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Today, eight states still have not ratified the 24th Amendment, which bans poll taxes.
As of 2017, more than 21 million Americans lack the government-issued photo identification required to vote in multiple states with onerous voter ID laws, and the laws have only gotten worse.
During the 2016 national election, 6.1 million American adults - more than half of whom are people of color - were prevented from voting because of a previous criminal conviction, even though they had served out their sentences.
In 2016, Trump repeatedly declared the election was “rigged” — and it was. Just not against him.
We will:1️⃣Protect the voting rights of all Americans2️⃣End gerrymandering ; eliminate partisan influence in federal elections3️⃣Make it easier ; more convenient for eligible voters to vote4️⃣Protect ; secure the integrity of electionsHere's how: 
The right to vote is the fundamental right that protects all others. We must end voter suppression once and for all by expanding free ; fair access to the ballot, preventing states from disenfranchising African-Americans and ending partisan gerrymandering in federal elections.
Trump's economy is not as strong as he claims: wages are stagnant and jobs are clustered in too few places.We must build an economy that works for all Americans, all across the country. 
The Trump administration's denial of climate change doesn't make it any less real. We need a president who understands the urgency and imminence of our climate crisis. We need action, and we need it now. 
Trump promised the people of Ohio that he would keep factories open and jobs safe, then promptly forgot about them as those factories closed and jobs disappeared. Now he needs their votes again, and he’s back with more empty promises. 
It's not enough to create jobs. We have to train people for those new jobs ; connect them to employers. Former Education Sec knows better than anyone how to get that kind of training done, ; we co-wrote an op-ed on jobs for the 
Scott Cooper served our country during 5 deployments to Iraq and 2 to Afghanistan. He's tired of the Trump administration’s empty promises. He wants to see real action when it comes to helping veterans transition to civilian life. Scott believes we can do better. And so do I. 
One of the first things I did as mayor was adopt legislation banning smoking in bars and restaurants. Other cities and states followed our lead. It's heartening to see these efforts are saving lives, but make no mistake: our work here isn't nearly done. 
Rolling back EPA regulations that protect our planet isn't in anyone's best interest — except the special interests.Our president is selling our future to the highest bidder. 
A lot of candidates say they’re going to create good jobs. But, for me, creating good jobs is not something I just talk about —it’s what I’ve spent my whole career doing. 
We can’t continue to have opportunity ; good jobs clustered in a few places. It’s a prosperity divide that Trump is making worse. I love this country too much to sit on the sidelines ; watch that happen. Here’s my strategy to make things right:  
I'm here in Wells, Minnesota, visiting Darin Johnson's soybean farm, which has been in his family for four generations. My All-In Economy agenda focuses on spreading good jobs with good pay across America and making sure communities like Wells don't get left behind. 
Nine years ago today, an unspeakable evil came to Tucson. My good friend is a survivor and a fighter, and her courage and leadership inspire me and the millions of Americans who honor the victims of gun violence with action. We will not let up.
A la vez que enfrentemos retos en el extranjero, no podemos descuidar la salud y la seguridad de nuestros conciudadanos aquí en casa. Mi administración cumplirá con la responsabilidad básica de respaldar al pueblo estadounidenses, donde sea que estén. 
Even as we face serious threats abroad, we also can't neglect the health and safety of our fellow citizens here at home. My administration will build a team that meets the president's basic responsibility of keeping Americans secure – wherever they are. 
 9 years since the Tucson shooting, Americans are raising their voices.Senator McConnell and President Trump may sit si…
The cost of housing, food, health care, and education are all increasing, but working class wages aren’t keeping pace. As president, I’ll raise the minimum wage to $15/hr and increase the child tax credit so that no American worker has to raise a family in poverty. 
As president, I’ll invest in America’s most valuable asset - our people. From the Rust Belt to the Bible Belt, we’ll lead a major expansion of apprenticeship programs and invest in our community colleges so they can connect more Americans to good jobs. 
Trump is counting on the economy to lift him to victory – and he’s hoping to face a career politician who’s never created any jobs. But I’ll take him on over the economy – and I won’t let him get away with selling the American people more empty promises. 
My national jobs strategy focuses on helping the people who need it most: those in rural and other underserved communities that have seen their local jobs disappear as large cities continue to boom. 
Starting the day on Chicago’s South Side, where I’m rolling out my strategy for bringing opportunity and jobs to communities across the country that have been short-changed by the Trump administration. 
This campaign we’re running is about people like It's about ensuring that their voices and their stories are heard. It's about doing right by them and ending the gun violence epidemic that is destroying so many lives. 
The opioid crisis is a national emergency - too many lives and families have been destroyed.Trump has been a lot of talk and not enough action. That can't continue.As president, here's what I will do about it:  
 the former governor of VA, got an F rating from the NRA...so he gets an A rating from me. It was great to be with him today in Richmond on the eve of the VA legislature turning blue for the first time in decades. 
Over the years, I've supported many candidates in Virginia. Tomorrow, for the first time in decades, Democrats will take control of the general assembly. I'm proud to have played a part in that progress, and I'm hopeful for what it means for the future of VA and our country.
It was a pleasure spending the morning with Mayor As the youngest elected mayor in Richmond history and the former director of the Virginia Democratic Party that helped turn VA blue for the first time in 40 yrs, he continues to be a voice of progress for the future. 
Puerto Rico ha sufrido suficiente sin el apoyo que necesita. Pero su orgullo y resistencia los ayudará a salir adelante más fuertes que nunca tras el terremoto de hoy. Enviamos nuestro afecto a la isla, la cual los neoyorquinos consideramos el sexto condado de nuestra cuidad.
The people of Puerto Rico have been through a lot without receiving the support they need. But they are proud and resilient and will emerge even stronger after this morning's earthquake. Sending love to the island that New Yorkers consider our 6th borough. 
I support the Second Amendment, but gun violence is tearing apart our communities and we have to stop it — now. Every day we wait, more lives are lost. We need stronger background checks and we need to keep guns out of the hands of people who shouldn’t have them. 
We're glad to have Judge Judy in our corner. Thank you for the support!  
We live in a country where stories like this are normal, and that is unacceptable.Gun violence in this country is a true national emergency and I have dedicated my life's work to combating it. As president, I will continue that fight. 
The people of California will be integral in our fight to defeat Trump. That’s why we’re creating the strongest state operation in California primary history. We’re opening campaign offices across the state. Today we opened our second CA office in LA. 
Grabbed a cup of coffee with my friend and fellow mayor this morning. Mayor Garcetti has been an outspoken advocate in the fight against climate change and has done great things for his city, state, and country. 
The people who helped elect Trump suffer as he takes credit for a thriving economy that leaves them behind. I’ll make sure every American - including those in those in high-need communities - has an opportunity to succeed. 
Past presidential campaigns have taken California for granted, but we're not making the same mistake. We’re opening two campaign offices in the Golden State, starting with an office in Riverside. Thanks to all of the staff and volunteers helping us rebuild America. 
 action and so do I. Today, I met with mothers from all over California to hear their views on the scourge of gun violence in our communities. Together, we are taking the fight to the NRA and the gun industry and tackling this crisis head on. 
✅Establish assistance centers for entrepreneurs in high-need communities✅Eliminate the red tape that makes it tough to start a small businesses✅Create incentives for private equity and venture capital to invest in small businesses  
Entrepreneurs like the veterans I met today are the bedrock of the American economy. Today, I announced several of my initiatives to help American entrepreneurs succeed: 
Many of our veterans have more management ; leadership potential than the average CEO. Today I spoke with Fuse founder Sumner Lee ; other veterans, who leveraged their military experience to build businesses, about how we can better help vets transition into civilian life. 
Spent the morning with San José mayor and my California campaign co-chair. I want to thank Sam and his team for all they do for their city and for all they’re helping us do for our country. 
Just arrived in California, where headlines like this show the progress states are making regardless of Trump’s failure to act on climate change. In November, it's time to elect a president who will support these efforts. 
Trump pledged to be the best president we’ve ever had for veterans. Add that to the long list of promises he has failed to keep. His administration has done nothing to fix what’s broken, find solutions, or bring people together to help those who’ve served. 
President Trump's proposed rollback on environmental protections would allow federal agencies to ignore climate change when assessing the environmental impacts of highways, pipelines and other major infrastructure projects. My plan will do the opposite: 
I've always said that whether in combat or civilian life, the U.S. military has some of the most competent and well-trained people in the world. That’s more true now than ever.Glad to share some of my military and veteran policy plans with 
I promise to never lose sight of the tremendous sacrifice that our veterans ; military families have made for each and every one of us. I will work every day to make sure that this country repays the great debt we owe them. 
The numbers tell the unquestionable, unacceptable truth: our women’s healthcare system in this country doesn’t treat all women equally. This has to change, and it has to change now. Here’s where we can start:  
While Trump continues to drag us backwards in the fight against the climate crisis and maintains his outright denial of climate change, Australia is burning. We need change. We need leadership. And we need it now. 
As we start this new decade, many Americans are focused on big resolutions and grand plans for the future. I’ve always found it helpful to take a different approach. 
I recently met Christina, who lost her daughter to an overdose. Through her courage, she now runs a sober living house to help those who are struggling or recovering. I'll never forget our conversation, and that it's a story all too common – but not one we have to accept. 
My campaign isn’t leaving North Carolina until we defeat Donald Trump. Thanks to the team in Fayetteville - our third office in NC - for getting things up and running. 
As part of my proposals to increase opportunities for veterans and military families, we’ll partner with the private sector to create regional centers that prepare veterans for getting a job or starting a business. We’ll reward businesses that hire veterans, too. 
To support veterans and military families in their transition to civilian life, our government must do more than just provide resources. It also needs to engage the private sector better. 
One third of veterans are under-employed. That’s a moral failure and it’s why, as president, I’ll help vets find jobs that take advantage of their training, teach them new skills, and give them the resources to start their own businesses. 
Today I visited Fayetteville, NC - home of Ft. Bragg. There, I had the honor of speaking with members of our military about the issues they face transitioning to civilian life and how we can work together to make sure that this country repays the debt we owe them. 
Great to be back in North Carolina with volunteers in our Raleigh office today. Thanks to our team for making me feel right at home and for all of their hard work. 
As president, I will work every day to repay the debt we owe our veterans - starting by helping them to succeed in the civilian workforce. Today, I’m announcing my proposals to increase opportunities for veterans: 
Statement on the killing of Qassem Soleimani. 
NYT: "Trump's...proposals to weaken major environmental regulations are at odds with established science." This, from Trump's own appointees. 
A woman's access to abortion isn't a privilege. It's a fundamental right—and the law of the land. That's why I've supported reproductive health as a mayor ; as a philanthropist. As president, I will appoint judges who would preserve Roe, not take it away.
I always stand.  
 was a great mayor, a great cabinet secretary, and a great presidential candidate. He brought big, important ideas to the table, and I know he will continue to have an enormous impact.
By working together, the Democrats can defeat Donald Trump — and I will do everything in my power to make sure that happens. That's why I signed the pledge. Let's get to work.   
My father taught me that if you have an opportunity to help, you have an obligation to act. And I want to give everyone in this country the same opportunities I was fortunate enough to have. 
The American territories are often overlooked in the primary process - but they have an important voice and role to play in the election. I'm looking forward to opening a campaign field office in the U.S. Virgin Islands in the next few weeks. 
Women's health in this country is under attack, especially for African American women. It's time to get all women in the U.S. the resources and care they deserve. Here’s my plan to make sure that happens:  
As president, I'll turn the East Room into an open office plan, where I’ll sit with our team. I’ll use the Oval Office for some official functions – never for tweeting – but the rest of the time, I’ll be where a leader should be: with the team.  
These measures will advance women’s access to the resources and care necessary to manage their health on their own terms, a right for which I have been a longstanding advocate.  
My plan for maternal health will also ✔️require doctors to have training in understanding ; countering implicit bias✔️standardize maternal mortality data collection, centralizing it at the CDC ✔️provide a public-option insurance plan, at no cost 
We’ll provide better service to the 28 million women of childbearing age living in rural America by expanding the National Health Service Corps ; increasing funding for medical schools at historically black colleges ; universities to build diversity in the health care workforce.
I’ll put a stop to Trump’s efforts to undermine women’s health, like his attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act. I’ll also abolish the global gag rules the Trump administration has applied to organizations that receive funding for family planning. 
As president, I’ll instate several initiatives designed to decrease disparities in maternal health outcomes across the country and reduce the disproportionately high maternal mortality rate among women of color.  
Today I had the chance to talk with local doctors and experts about women's and children's health in underserved communities. In AL and across the country, African American women are far less likely to have access to quality, affordable healthcare. As president, I‘ll change that. 
Couldn't have said it better myself - we have work to do! - looking forward to our continued work together. Thank you for the support and partnership over the years. 
Earlier today, Mayor brought me around the National Memorial for Peace and Justice and The Legacy Museum. They serve as powerful reminders of a painful part of our nation’s history, and the work that still remains to reckon with that. 
Thank you to Mayor for welcoming me to Montgomery, AL today. Reed has been a tireless leader on some of our nation's top challenges, from health care to marriage equality to voter rights, and I look forward to seeing that leadership firsthand today. 
Women’s health is under attack. The Trump administration is leading the charge, restricting women’s access to reproductive ; sexual health services, ; worsening the disparities in care between white ; African American women. Here's what I'll do about it: 
We have to start getting things done that Americans care about, like stopping gun violence, fighting climate change, improving schools, and creating jobs that pay a living wage. That’s what I’ll do as president. 
If anyone can beat cancer, it's Rep. John Lewis - and everyone on our team is pulling for him.
Trump spends his days dividing people, insulting people, ; complaining about everything. I’ve spent my life bringing people together, motivating them to work together, ; getting big things done. That’s what real leadership is, ; that’s what I want to bring to Washington. 
They say everything is bigger in Texas - well, Texas is the biggest battleground state. Democrats can win here, and I’m going to fight like hell to make sure we do. It was great to speak with Texans about the issues that matter most to them. 
As an engineer, I'm appalled. As a citizen, I'm outraged. And as president, I will ensure our policies and actions are driven by research and science. 
 Thank you to and for taking the time to campaign with us for HD-28! I appreciate your su…
Great afternoon spent going door to door with Dr. who is fighting to support public schools and prevent discrimination. I’m glad to support her ; hope everyone in her district will get out and vote to help turn this critical seat blue. 
 This morning, welcomed former Mayor and as they took time to worship with…
I went to church in Houston this morning, but the church shooting outside of Fort Worth today could've happened anywhere.  Not even sanctuaries are safe. We MUST take action to stop this.   
I’m honored to have had the chance to address the this morning - thanks to Dr. First Lady and the entire church family for giving me such a warm welcome today. 
As an American, a New Yorker, ; a Jew I am shocked and saddened by last night’s attack — and horrified by the rise of anti-Semitism in this country.America was founded to be a place where people of all religions could worship safely ; free from persecution. And it can be again.
 Exactly right,  Trump is running unopposed in Michigan. That should horrify Democrats and make them ask why…
We’re building an unrivaled team to turn Texas blue up and down the ballot including a headquarter in Houston and 16 field offices throughout the rest of the state between now and the March 3rd primary. 
Trump is trying to make it easier for corporations to poison our water. I stand with and the other Democratic-led cities and states who are fighting back. And in my Administration, our EPA will always put public health before profits. 
America pays much more for health care than any other country - and those costs are leaving millions of Americans without enough money to make ends meet. It's unacceptable. Here’s what I plan to do about it:  
Every day, an average of 130 Americans die from an opioid overdose. Each one is someone's son, daughter, brother, sister, or loved one. This is an epidemic and a national emergency - and we must respond accordingly. Here’s what I plan to do about it:  
I love our country too much to sit back and hope for the best as national problems get worse - which is why I’ve supported and led on issues Democrats care about since I left City Hall. 
¡Feliz Navidad y Felices Fiestas! 
 To learn more about opportunities to give back and support visit their volunteer page here: 
Thank you to the hard working staff, families, and incredible kids at for allowing me to spend Christmas with you. Their smiles and resilience is a reminder to us all that even in the toughest of times, we cannot give up hope. 
Merry Christmas! ¡Feliz Navidad! And in every language today we say: Peace and goodwill toward all.
Earlier today, a news outlet accurately reported that a subcontractor for one of our vendors was using prison workers to make phone calls on behalf of my campaign. After learning this, we immediately ended our relationship with that company. Full statement below: 
Because we need to take on Trump. And we need to start now. 
If President Trump were truly concerned about the bald eagle, he wouldn't have gutted the Endangered Species Act that saved it. 
We light the first candle on the menorah tonight. Hanukkah calls on us to both offer gratitude and to celebrate the hope of a new day. Chag Sameach!
Thanks to the for welcoming me to their service today. Their wonderful and generous community has always made me feel at home. 
 TJ: All of us at are thinking of you - and know you will beat it. Ending cancer is a mission and I have worked together on, and we are in your corner and look forward to seeing you back on the trail.
The Democratic Party wisely chose Milwaukee to host the 2020 Democratic National Convention, realizing how important it will be in the general election. We're in it for the long haul in Wisconsin - and we opened our fifth field office here tonight. 
Detroit is a city that has been hit by hard times, like many across this country. But walking around the streets and meeting people today, I saw nothing but hope and progress for its future. 
The only way to defeat Trump in 2020 is by bringing the fight straight to him. That's why we're opening campaign offices in battleground states - like Pennsylvania. Thanks to our hardworking team for getting our Philadelphia office up and running before the holidays. 
Tasting holiday treats on the campaign trail at a Philly institution - the It's a tough job, but someone has to do it. Thanks to Anuj Gupta for sharing his favorite sweets with me. I'll take the lot. 
When you run for president, you have to learn new things every day. Today, that thing was Add “MikeBloomberg” to join me and the team on the campaign trail as we work to rebuild America!  
My plan provides treatment ; diversion programs for those with substance-use disorders. We'll remove unnecessary obstacles to medication-assisted addiction treatment, and enforce federal laws requiring insurance coverage for mental health and substance-abuse disorders.
People should be treated, not incarcerated for addiction - my health care plan provides people with substance-use disorders with access to mental health services ; medication-assisted treatment.  
For the first time since World War I, life expectancy in the U.S. has declined over four consecutive years - and opioids are a big reason why. We can’t sit by and allow this alarming trend to continue. Here’s my plan for how we’ll tackle the opioid crisis. 
Every day, 130 Americans die from an opioid overdose. The toll of this crisis is devastating and unacceptable. My plan will provide people with medication-assisted treatment while removing the obstacles that prevent them from getting the care they need. 
It’s time to treat the opioid epidemic like the national emergency it is.  Today I’m in Chillicothe, Ohio to hear first-hand from community leaders in the fight against the opioid crisis. 
For the holidays, Trump wants to give us more asthma, disease, and higher electricity bills. Even Scrooge tried to reduce coal use.  
Thanks, Mayor for showing me around your beautiful city this morning. No Republican has ever won the White House without Ohio - and we can't let Trump win here in November. 
In my administration, the lobbyists won’t get past the lobby. You know how I’m so certain of this? Because I don’t take a penny from anyone. 
I've been lucky enough to have the chance to work with and his team on some big issues - like public safety and government transparency. Thanks for hosting us in Memphis today. 
All Americans deserve affordable healthcare, but that requires more than wishful thinking. Medicare For All is a proposal that is more likely to re-elect Donald Trump than to expand coverage. 
✅authorize Medicare to negotiate drug prices✅ban surprise medical bills✅expand access to health care in rural areas✅make the health care system more accountable for outcomesMy health care plan ➡️ 
My health care plan will: ✅create a public health insurance option✅build on the progress of the Affordable Care Act✅lower premiums and drug costs✅make it easier to enroll in both public and private insurance✅cap out-of-network charges at 200% of Medicare rates
Today, I’m in Tennessee, where nearly 1 in 10 people lack health coverage. We can’t accept that. See my plans to make health care affordable and accessible for all Americans.  
28 million people in the U.S. don’t have health insurance because it’s too expensive. Health care is a right and it shouldn’t put families in debt.As president, I’ll lower health care costs ; put health insurance within reach of all Americans. 
2020 is not just an election. It's a referendum on whether to save our Constitution - or let Trump light it on fire. 
28 million Americans are without health insurance because it's too expensive. We need to build a health care system that works for everyone. I enjoyed meeting with health care experts and community members in my hometown - Medford, MA - to hear their experiences and insights. 
The job of a leader is to unite. Offices divide - so I sit at a desk like everyone else. I brought that tradition of openness to City Hall as mayor, too.  If I’m elected president, I’ll run the White House the way I’ve always run things - out in the open.  
 In 2011, officiated the wedding of and “Mike’s advocacy for the freedom to mar…
The Child Tax Credit is broken. I recently announced my plans to fix it for the poorest families by making it fully refundable and phasing it in faster – starting with the first dollar of earnings.  
When I was in Colorado, I had the privilege of meeting with Jane Dougherty, whose sister was tragically killed in the Sandy Hook shooting. Her story is one that no American should ever have to experience. 
Thanks for the support, 
21 students are shot every day—because of Trump’s unwillingness to act. Between protecting the NRA and our children, he's made his choice. Which is why we need to beat him. 
Newtown is full of heroes—on and off the field. Because of their leadership, we will win the fight against gun violence, too. Congratulations to the team. Go, Nighthawks! 
This is a failure of presidential leadership. Through America's Pledge, we've brought together cities, states, and businesses dedicated to meeting our Paris Agreement goals. But it's not enough. We need a White House that leads on climate change – and mine will. 
Home is where the heart is. 
Years ago, very few people believed we could come this far, this fast — and a lot of the credit goes to Shannon. It’s because of her and all the moms, students, and volunteers out there that the gun sense movement is stronger and more effective than ever. 
Great to be in Charlotte today to open our first field office. I’m thankful to our team for everything they’ve done to make us feel at home here - and for the hard work they put in. Together, we’ll flip North Carolina blue this November. 
As president, I'll ensure the federal government will be a better partner to state and city officials like Mayor Vi Lyles and Mayor — two of the most dynamic local leaders in the country. Thank you, for the warm welcome in Charlotte today. 
 Incredible crowd at the  campaign office opening in Charlotte. Energetic, optimistic and unifying message!…
The first in flight, North Carolina has a legacy of making history. Keeping with that tradition, NC will lead again as we open our first field office today in Charlotte. Follow as we turn the state blue in 2020. 
Thanks to Rev. Dr. Clifford A. Jones and welcoming me at this morning's services. I'm grateful for the opportunity to listen and learn from your congregation. 
Today we renew our commitment to honoring the victims of Sandy Hook and all Americans who have experienced the devastation of gun violence by fighting to save others from the same fate. 
We've made a lot of progress fighting climate change even with the Trump administration working against us. Imagine how much more we can do with a president who leads the way.
We’ll cut greenhouse emissions across the entire U.S. economy by 50% by 2030.Other candidates talk about 2045 or 2050 when they’re long out of office. I’m focused on delivering progress immediately – because I’m a doer, not a talker.  
We’ll also replace existing gas plants – and stop the construction of new ones. This is critical to stopping the worst effects of climate change because gas is now a bigger source of climate pollution than coal, and emissions from gas are growing.  
As part of our Beyond Coal campaign, we’ve closed more than half of the coal plants in the country - even with President Trump working against us. We’ve set a goal of retiring all of them and replacing coal with clean energy sources.  
Jeremy Corbyn's catastrophic showing in the U.K. is a clear warning: We need a Democratic nominee who can defeat Donald Trump by running a campaign that appeals to Americans across our divides.
As president, I’ll set new, ambitious climate goals for our country - goals we can actually achieve over the next eight years. I will push for an 80% reduction in electricity emissions by 2028, setting us on the path to 100% clean electricity. 
Ballad of a Climate Denier 
To beat Trump ; rebuild our country, we need talented organizers connecting with voters in battleground states. Through are building the team to help flip the White House ; Senate. Apply to join at 
Great to catch up with Willie Brown in San Francisco last night. 
Thank you, for your leadership and partnership, and for all the great work you have done to help make California a global leader in fighting climate change. 
Mayor has one of the most ambitious agendas in America in terms of fighting poverty, improving schools, reducing homelessness, ; improving affordability. That’s my kind of mayor - and I’m honored to have earned his endorsement. 
The despicable attack in Jersey City is part of a deeply disturbing pattern of violence against the Jewish community that is -- and it's hard to believe this could be true in 2019 America -- all too common.
Trump ended rules that keep toxic chemicals out of our air and water - now he falsely claims credit for keeping them clean. That's like going bankrupt six times and calling yourself a successful businessman. 
Thanks for your endorsement, Mayor and to all Stocktonians who came out today to share what matters most to them. 
We’ll also increase the Child Tax Credit, expand its eligibility, and make it fully refundable so that it benefits the poorest families. We have to invest in our kids’ futures - they’re the leaders of tomorrow.
We'll reform the Earned Income Tax Credit to make it more generous, especially for single childless workers, and make it easier to administer so people who are eligible actually receive the benefits without having to deal with all the paperwork.
As president, I’ll raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour by 2025. We raised it in New York - and we should do it nationally, too.  
We’ll also set aside $10 billion for a competition to reward municipalities that offer the best solutions to restrictive zoning and other obstacles, as well as increasing funding for federal housing vouchers and reforming them.
We’ll expand federal grants to cities that implement effective programs to prevent ; reduce homelessness. We have to do more to help those who are homeless get the supportive housing and services they need.
We’re going to substantially increase the construction of affordable housing - by expanding funding for the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit to add hundreds of thousands of affordable housing units over 10 years. We’ll also increase funding to federal affordable housing programs.
Affordable housing really is a crisis - and we’re releasing proposals today to help take it on. 
Too many Americans are struggling to get by, and they’ve been ignored by Washington for too long. Today, I’m sharing my proposals to fight poverty, supporting trailblazing local leaders like Mayor 
In 2018 I helped Democrats win the House to hold the president accountable - and now I'm glad to defend them against a Republican Party that excuses the president's most flagrant and dangerous abuses of power. 
 
President Trump has harmed America and damaged our reputation abroad. We can’t afford four more years of his reckless and unethical behavior. We need a candidate who can win in November – we can’t afford to fail. Thank you for hosting me tonight. 
Prime Minister thank you for your leadership on climate issues - and for hosting  to keep the momentum going. I’m optimistic that when global leaders work together, we can succeed and leave a better, brighter and healthier future for generations to come. 
Our  report shows what an ambitious federal climate policy could accomplish in the decade ahead. It also outlines two scenarios for how the U.S. could significantly reduce emissions to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement.  
When Trump pulled out of the Paris Agreement, I teamed up with to create  to say we are still in. Now, our coalition of 4,000 cities, states, ; businesses represent more than 68% of US GDP, 65% of the US population, ; more than half of US emissions. 
Madam Secretary it was a pleasure to present our new  report to you. Thank you very much for joining us at  - and for your continued leadership. 
Thank you Rt. Hon Claire Perry O'Neill for your leadership on climate issues. I look forward to supporting you as President of COP26 next year and helping you to make it a success.  
Congratulations on being named the new Special Envoy for Climate Action ; Finance, Mark Carney. From what I hear, the last guy was pretty amazing... Good luck! We’ll need your bold leadership to keep making progress. 
 is uniting cities, states, ; business in the fight against climate change. Our new report shows if the U.S. goes all-in on climate action, we can accelerate the progress we’re making ; fulfill our commitment under the Paris Agreement.  
Thank you for your leadership on climate issues. I’m glad to see Denmark setting an ambitious climate action agenda, aiming to reduce emissions 70% by 2030. 
Congratulations on your appointment, Looking forward to working together to fight the climate crisis. 
Global cities are making climate progress on a local level. Thanks to Mayor Mayor Mayor ; President Hoyer on their climate leadership. 
 is a proven leader in the fight against climate change - with a record of getting things done. With his leadership at the helm of I have full faith we’ll continue to bring together cities and drive progress around the world. 
Mayors are continuing to make a big impact on climate change - and our latest  report proves it. I’m glad to share we’re recommitting to city-driven climate action, along with the and beginning the next phase of 
Beating climate change won't require a miracle. It will take leadership ; common sense action - like investing in clean energy to reduce emissions and create new jobs. 
Congratulations on your appointment as Executive Vice President for the Your leadership on sustainable finance is exemplary. 
Glad to meet with Spanish Finance Minister Thank you for your leadership on climate and climate finance -  critical elements to Europe’s ability to fight climate change. 
Today, I’m at  to deliver a report from America’s Pledge, a group I co-founded after Trump announced he would withdraw the US from the Paris Agreement. One of my first acts as president will be to re-enter the agreement ; increase America’s commitment to reducing emissions. 
Under Mayor leadership, the city of San Jose has spearheaded bold solutions to critical issues, from climate change to economic development. I'm glad Mayor Liccardo is joining my team as a California campaign co-chair. 
It's deeply disturbing that the Attorney General is more concerned with protecting the president than protecting our country from Russia.
In my first act as President, I’ll rejoin the Paris Agreement. I’ll work with mayors ; governors to mobilize citizens around the country to come out in force and show the world that the U.S. is dedicated to bold climate action. 
President Trump has taken steps to pull out of the global effort to combat climate change. That’s why I stepped in, helping create America’s Pledge, bringing together nearly 4,000 U.S. cities, states, and businesses that remain dedicated to meeting our climate goals.
Leadership isn’t about shaking your fist at the world, or putting ideas up on a website, or tweeting. It’s about bringing people together, to solve problems, and get results. And that’s what I want to do as president - by taking near-term climate action.
I'm going to  in Madrid because President Trump won't. 
Despite Trump backing out of the Paris Agreement, climate progress is happening in the U.S. thanks to bold action from cities, states, ; businesses. Tomorrow, I’ll represent the U.S at  to deliver our America’s Pledge report showing how far we’ve come. 
Honored to address Texas Democratic leaders today. We've got a great shot to turn Texas blue in 2020. 
I've been working on gun violence for over a decade. And as president, I will fight gun violence from every angle and do everything in my power to save lives. 
Criminal justice reform is an issue that Augusta Mayor ; community leaders are tackling. We need a president who has a proven record in criminal justice reform, who will make it a priority, and who will bring the country together to solve our biggest challenges. 
Thank you Mayor for your support and leadership here in Augusta, GA. It’s great to see some of the work that you’re leading to put this city on track for a bright future. 
We need a president who has a track record of taking on the NRA - and winning. I've done it. I have proved that I can get gun safety laws passed. And I will never back down from this fight. 
The high rate of teen e-cig use continues to grow ; the increasing range of tobacco products used by kids is alarming. Trump has done nothing to protect kids. Without national leadership, the numbers will keep going up. I won’t let that happen on my watch. 
We’ll hold the gun industry accountable ; elevate our government’s response. We’ll give the Consumer Product Safety Commission the authority to adopt minimum gun safety standards ; declare gun violence crisis to be a public health emergency to expedite funds ; research.
We’ll tackle daily gun violence in the hardest-hit communities by increasing funding for: - the ATF to police the gun industry more effectively- community-based violence intervention programs- public health research on gun violence 
We’ll protect our children and communities by banning assault weapons, protecting schools, and preventing unintentional shootings. 
We’ll keep guns out of the hands of people who pose a danger to themselves or others by closing domestic violence loopholes, prohibiting violent offenders, and enacting red flag laws nationwide. 
As president, I will do everything in my power to stop the epidemic of gun violence. We’ll start by overhauling the background check system to make it much more effective – requiring background checks for ALL gun sales. 
 Mayor Bloomberg, a gun sense candidate, has put forward a bold and comprehensive agenda to address a gun vio…
I’ve made ending gun violence my life’s work. As president, I’ll tackle the crisis like a true national emergency. I’ll make it harder for criminals to get guns, make communities safer, ; work to end the gun violence epidemic once and for all.  
Rep. has shown incredible strength and courage in turning his pain into action. Tom, I’m grateful for your leadership, and thank you for bringing together survivors to discuss how we can take on the NRA and create a safer ; stronger America. 
Officially filed to be on the ballot for the Colorado Democratic primary—thank you to Jena Griswold for welcoming me today. 
Colorado is a must-win state for Democrats in 2020, ; I'm going to make it an important focus of my campaign. I'm here to meet with voters, Chairwoman CO Democrats Exec. Director ; Senator to discuss challenges facing Coloradans. 
Thanks to Mayor for bringing a roundtable of community leaders together in Jackson, MS to talk about our criminal justice system. Together, we can tackle our problems and build a society that works for everyone. 
We’ll invest in proven, community-based violence-interruption strategies that address the root causes of crime and prevent violent behavior before it occurs. 
We’ll expand federal funding of effective alternatives to incarceration and invest in policies that help formerly incarcerated individuals re-enter society, find employment, and break the cycle of crime.  
As president, we’ll launch a national initiative to cut the imprisonment of young people in half by the end of my first term – and eliminate juvenile incarceration for all non-violent offenders throughout the U.S.  
We are too far from guaranteeing all Americans equal rights under the law. There are more than 2 million people behind bars in the U.S. - far more than any other developed country. That's disgraceful. As president, I will work to fix it - once ; for all.  
Senator brought important ideas and perspective to the race, and we will especially need her leadership and commitment to justice in the Senate as Congress weighs impeachment.
Join me in the fight against Donald Trump and donate to your state Democratic Party this  Together, we can make a difference. Find your state’s Democratic Party and donate here: 
The NRA’s latest effort to undermine public safety may be its most absurd yet – and its most dangerous. The Supreme Court must side with the millions of Americans fighting for gun safety and send the NRA packing. 
Since the 1870s, has been one of NYC’s largest providers of food, shelter, medical care, job preparation, and more to 800 New Yorkers each day. I’m grateful for the chance to be here with them today to help give back to a city that I love. 
One of my favorite holiday traditions is taking my family to see the final preparations for the  Wishing you all a Happy Thanksgiving! 
To beat Trump - and to build a broad coalition of voters ready to unite and rebuild America - we have to turn swing states from red to blue. We have to win the states where he's been campaigning since his first day in office, and we have to do it now. 
I applaud the NYC Council for banning the sale of all flavored e-cigarettes. While Donald Trump does the bidding of the tobacco industry, states and cities are taking strong action to end the youth e-cigarette epidemic. We need more communities to act to protect our kids.
Today, I filed in Arizona to be on the ballot for the Democratic primary. It’s time to rebuild America. Join us at  
Arizona is a crucial battleground state, and Trump is about the only one spending money here. We can turn AZ from red to blue — it’s why I’m here today meeting with voters ; to hear what issues matter most to them.  
I know what it takes to beat Trump, because I already have. And I will do it again. 
I’m kicking off my presidential campaign today in Norfolk because southeastern Virginia proves that— with the right candidate—we can turn areas from red to blue.  
Defeating Trump and rebuilding America is the most urgent and important fight of our lives. And I'm going all in.Join us at  
At the 2016 Democratic National Convention, I said that if Donald Trump ran our country like he ran his business, we’d be in a whole lot of trouble – and that’s exactly what has happened. 
I offer myself as a doer and a problem solver - not a talker. And as someone who is ready to take on the tough fights - and win.Join our team and let’s rebuild America together:  
Since leaving City Hall, I founded the largest gun safety group in history, ; created a campaign to take on the biggest polluters and climate threats. And we continue to win battles against the tobacco industry ; their sleazy attempts to hook young kids on e-cigarettes. 
In NYC, we:- gave teachers the largest raise in America- improved graduation rates by 42%- banned smoking in bars ; restaurants- cut teen smoking by 50%- cut our carbon footprint by 14%- cut murders in half- cut incarceration by 40%- created new programs to fight poverty 
I was elected mayor of America’s most diverse city just weeks after the attacks of 9/11. It was a frightening time for our city and country. But we rebuilt the economy with new jobs and opportunity - for people on all rungs of the economic ladder. 
When I was 39, I got laid off. I didn’t know what I’d do next. But I had an idea to start a company - so I took a chance. Today, our company employs 20,000 people, and generates large profits, almost all of which go to helping people across the country and around the world. 
As a child and a Boy Scout, I was taught to believe in the promise and potential of America, and I have never been more worried about its future than I am today. 
We cannot afford four more years of President Trump’s reckless and unethical actions. The stakes could not be higher. We must win this election. And we must begin rebuilding America.  
