Read my statement on this Thursday night's  Click here: 
Obamacare has upended the patient-doctor relationship, restricting our options ; access to doctors and specialists. 
From my visit to Bellevue Baptist Church. It is my hope that faith will continue to be a part of our nation.
  "I absolutely have refused to cooperate w/ the billionaires ; the special interests." 
Incredibly grateful to all of our staff and volunteers that worked incredibly hard in  states across the country.
 The room here at The Grand is filling up for  party. Lots of supporters 
We are a country that is divided and America needs a leader that can bring people together and begin the process of healing our nation.
Still time to vote in today's  states. If you honor me with your support, I will work tirelessly to heal our nation.
  calls on GOP candidates to gather; says 2016 race took "turn for the worse"  
We the People deserve leaders that are beholden to the Constitution ; the American people alone. Not the political elite ; special interests
Thank you Nevada!  
Great to connect with supporters in Montgomery, Alabama. Together, we can heal our nation!  
 Today is  and if you live a state that is voting today, be sure to vote for Ben -- a candidate with integrit…
From my speech at the NAN Convention in 2015. African Americans do not need to be reliant on government to succeed.
"We the People vs. Washington: Health Care and the 2016 Presidential Race"  via

We must destroy terrorists’ caliphate and prevent its members from infiltrating our homeland. My strategy will defeat these threats.
Legal immigration will always be a valued pillar of our society, but we must do better to protect our homeland and ensure our security.
The fiscal irresponsibility in government must stop. We can't go on mortgaging our future to wasteful spending ; pretend nothing is wrong.
It was an honor to speak at today's Presidential Candidate Forum at Regent University. Thanks to all in attendance! 
Packed house at our town hall in Lexington, Kentucky. Thank you to everyone who came to show their support.  
 Crowd beginning to gather at a Lexington fitness center for appearance by  
"Ben Carson: Why I intend to stay in the GOP presidential race" | Fox News | 
Thanks for the great picture! Our future generations are the reason why we must fight to save our country today. 
The sheer size and remoteness of the federal bureaucracy has caused the American people to lose trust in government. 
The overwhelming majority of Americans want our borders secured and our immigration laws enforced by the government.
We must adopt policies that will give parents and teachers freedom to design educational experiences for students that reflect their ability
  says that people are giving away "values and principles" in exchange for “political correctness." 
Education is the bedrock of America’s success. It is the foundation of what truly makes our country “the Land of Opportunity.” 
  "We're giving away all [our values and principles] for political correctness and political power."
The sanctity of innocent human life is nonnegotiable. We must protect the rights of our children without question. 
Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God.
Click here to read my plan to reform the VA and give our service men and women the care that they deserve: 
As President, I would direct a fundamental transformation of how  we care for and empower our veterans throughout America.
Every deployment of our armed forces must begin with a clear vision, a strategy to achieve victory, and the necessary resources to succeed.
America can no longer delay while the Islamic State continues to persecute the free world. Read my plan: 
Amazing crowd at our town hall in Irving, Texas. Thank you to everyone for the incredible show of support!  
I will formally declare war on the Islamic State as part of a strategy that focuses the national will ; protects the American way of life.
Great turnout at the Williamson County Lincoln Day Dinner last night in Franklin, Tennessee. Thanks you! 
Check out my closing statement from last night's  Together, we can heal, inspire, and revive our nation.
Privileged to have the opportunity to speak with the folks at Centerstone -- they're doing great work for our vets. 
Our immigration system is broken. The debate on immigration is characterized by racial pandering ; political giveaways and not common sense.
We are a nation of immigrants, but we are also a sovereign nation of laws. Our sovereignty demands that we protect our borders.
We must give our service members the resources that they need ensure that America continues to  
Our adversaries no longer fear us and our allies no longer trust us. We must revive American strength abroad to ensure peace at home.
As a global leader, America must show strength and  Read my plan: 
Statement on tonight's  
 are working to heal America. 
The IRS is not honest and we need to get rid of them. 
 Dr. Carson showing again why I'm glad he's still in this race. Fights for time to point out IRS witch hunt audit that h…
  "Kim Jong Un is an unstable person but he does understand strength... We have to present strength to him." 
Health Empowerment Accounts will give people greater access and increased flexibility. 
 Ben Carson’s "everyone has rights, but no one has extra rights" won the religious liberty debate.Hit 90% in my focus grou…
Visit  to learn more. 
Real compassion is providing people a ladder of opportunity to climb up from a state of dependency. 
  "I believe in liberty and justice for all. I think that everything that we do should be fair." 
We need to be looking for solutions -- it's not about any candidate. It's about the American people. 
Be our light in dark places, Lord. Be a beacon when we have lost sight of You. May we always remember your love and mercy in all that we do.
Looking forward to tonight's  
I refuse to take money from special interest groups and the political elite because I am beholden to We the People.
As President, I would work closely with Congress to design and enact legislation with the goal of solving our illegal immigration crisis.
Instead of focusing on any one method of securing the border, I will tackle all threats that arise. Read my plan: 
Honored to speak at last night's Lincoln Reagan Dinner in Houston, TX. Everyone was excited to hear my policies. 
  “Our vets are incredibly impt to our freedom... We have every obligation to take care of them as they've t…
  “I feel like we’re in the process of losing our country. It’s in critical condition right now.” 
  receives friendly welcome by 1200  in  
A Carson administration will take every reasonable measure to avoid using force -- instead focussing on deterrence through strength.
The world has become increasingly unstable. A Carson Presidency will restore order to a world beset by turmoil. 
We the People have the ability to control the destiny of our nation. We should never be in the position of giving up in despair.
 shares his thoughts on the financial future of the United States. 
Just as the United States opposed the spread of Communism, it must now oppose the spread of terrorism in all corners of the world.
Seeking out and destroying Radical Islamic Terrorism must be a top priority of our foreign policy strategy. My plan: 
Politicians have long written off our efforts to return the government to We the People, but we remain undaunted. 
Has federal spending created more value than what individuals ; families could achieve if they had the same funds? The answer is "no".
Incredibly grateful to all of our volunteers and staff that did amazing work today and in the months leading up to the  Thank you.
We must instate fiscal discipline in Washington in order to restore a bright future for our children. Read more: 
 "I certainly would not close it" discusses commitment to closing  w  
Wonderful crowd in attendance at our town hall in Las Vegas! People were very excited to hear my policies.  
The amount of debt that our government has created for future generations is disgraceful. We must reverse the trend. 
 "There's a lot of information that still needs to come out."

 In Las Vegas, talks with on about tonight's  
Looking forward to a great day of meeting with  goers and supporters. Together, we can return our nation to We the People. 
"Ben Carson: Reforming the VA reform is an obligation, not an option" | Fox News | 
I will explore all viable options for ending or curtailing federal programs that do not serve the taxpayers well. 
The fiscal irresponsibility of our government must stop. Proud to unveil my plan to reduce wasteful spending: 
  brings character, decency, and commonsense solutions of, by, and for We the People to   
An amazing crowd of supporters at our town hall in Virginia City, Nevada! Thank you to all who were in attendance. 
  speech about to start. Still lines outside so they added chairs.   
  meets supporters prior to speech at Piper's Opera House in Virginia City   
We the People are not meant to be subservient to an overbearing, bureaucratic government. The American people deserve much better.
 My  comes from knowing that Ben is the best candidate to be the next POTUS! Gotta keep on truckin' so we…
Wonderful to meet supporters at Skyline Church last night in Reno, NV. We the People are calling for real change. 
 One of youngest supporters. 
Packed house at our town hall in Reno, Nevada. Thank you to everyone who came to show their support!  
 Politicians make decisions based on ideology, doctors make decisions based on evidencev says at Reno event…
 now onstage at Reno event.  
Government derives its power from We the People. Our Founding Fathers never intended it to be the other way around. We can fix this nation.
As President, I will make bold reforms in our energy policy, defeat special interests’ attempts to skew the system and promote prosperity.
Securing America's energy future will require utilizing our existing resources and fostering bold innovation. 
Commit to the Lord whatever you do, and he will establish your plans. - Proverbs 16:3
Statement on today's  
  "we have to stop fighting each other. We have to have rational conversations about our differences."
  “The engine that drives Washington, D.C., and that drives our country, is full of filth and corruption...”…
  "It is we the people who really have the power."  
Incredibly grateful to all of our staff and volunteers that have given their time and energy and done such wonderful work in South Carolina.
Not much time left in the  I will restore the American Dream by restoring power to We the People. Vote now! 
It's not too late to vote in the  
"Ben Carson: My American Dream" via 
As President, my top domestic priority will be to stop illegal immigration. We must secure our border to ensure the safety of our people.
Voters all over South Carolina are excited to hear our real solutions to the issues facing our nation.  
I will wage war on Radical Islamic Terrorism and ensure that it is something that our children only read about in history books. 
 Mike Houser voted at Wando High for citing need for caring, genuine president of people.  
I've met so many wonderful supporters already this morning at several voting locations in South Carolina.  
I humbly ask the people of South Carolina to give me their vote. I'm running for President to empower We the People and save our nation.

I will promote peace and prosperity through the power of We the People, and restore America’s role as the world’s preeminent global leader.
Our service men and women deserve the greatest care available. The current state of the VA is disgraceful and we must do better.
Just as the United States saw the threat and opposed the spread of communism, it must now oppose the spread of radical islamic terrorism.
Our most urgent foreign policy priority is to destroy the Islamic State. As President I will wage war on terrorism and protect the homeland.
Saddened to hear of the passing of Harper Lee but I take solace in the knowledge that her work will continue to inspire generations to come.
Amazing turnout at our town hall in Florence, SC. Everyone was very excited to hear our policies and solutions. 
We can and must do more to honor the commitment to serve the men and women who have served our great nation.
Honored to have the opportunity to speak with our soldiers at The Citadel in Charleston, South Carolina. 
As President, I will direct a fundamental transformation of how we care for and empower veterans across America. 
It was an honor to have the opportunity to speak with our veterans earlier in North Charleston, South Carolina. 
As President, I will be a leader that is accountable to everyone and not beholden to special interest groups.
It was a privilege to speak at the  hosted by last night in Greenville, South Carolina. 
Looking forward to being on  with tonight at 9 PM (EST). Looking forward to presenting real solutions. Tune in!
"Ben Carson Picks up Endorsement, Reveals Plan To Care For Veterans - Breitbart" 
Watch this clip from last nights  on why I believe the 2nd Amendment should be fiercely defended.
 Only two days left until the  Be sure to go vote and bring your friends and family with you when you go to the…
Our service men and women are heroes that deserve the best treatment and care available after they finish their service to our nation.
As president, I will be committed to ensuring that the VA becomes what the nation demands andour veterans deserve. 
Had a great time talking with students at Garden City Academy in Orangeburg, SC. Very bright students in attendance! 
I am honored to receive the endorsement of a great public servant, (MI-11). Click here to read more: 
Had a great time sharing my solutions and taking questions from the people of SC at last night's  
Our service men and women deserve the best treatment available. Our federal government must do better. As President, I will do better.
I am proud to release my plan to ensure that our service men and women receive the care that they deserve. 
 Great performance by in tonight's town hall Q;A with  !!
 Hey great great job in townhall. It's nice to be able  to hear so much from you. 
Check out this video of some of my most memorable speeches over the past few years. Click here: 
Tune in for the  tonight at 8:00 PM (EST) on CNN. Looking forward to presenting my solutions to the problems facing our nation.
As President, I will make bold reforms in our energypolicy and promote a safe, more prosperous America. Click here: 

Great turnout at our Meet ; Greet at The Grille on Maine in Newberry. Everyone was excited to hear our policies. 
Honored to have the endorsement of Rep Harris is a public servant who understands the leadership. 
Great turnout at our Veterans Roundtable in Columbia, South Carolina.  
Proud to release my energy policy which will foster growth and ensure our energy security for generations to come. 
 Standing room only at in Newberry to hear speak.  
Tune in tonight at 8 PM for the  on Looking forward to presenting my solutions to the important issues facing our nation.
Amazing crowd at "Last Word in the South" last night in Aiken. Lots of excitement for my solutions for our nation! 
 "There's an American Dream. We have a responsibility to preserve that dream" 
 Standing ovation for as he takes the podium 
  on Supreme Court: “We should look at a whole host of different people and I would look at what they have done …
Looking forward to going On the Record with tonight at 7 PM (EST). Be sure to tune in!
An honor to connect with our brave service men and women at the VFW in Aiken, SC. Out veterans deserve the best. 
Our politics has become about attacking one another and not the issues. There's a difference between truth and tearing down your opponents.
Candy had a great time talking to the students at Riverside Middle School in Pendleton, South Carolina. 
 . goes ON THE RECORD at 7pm tonight 
"Candy Carson: Ben Staying in Race to Help Future Generations" 
  meeting with law enforcement in Cherokee County right now. 
Thanks to all who came to our 714 Revival in Spartanburg! I believe that God still has great plans for our nation. 
  “We can’t have politics as usual. We can’t have the same ppl as usual who claim not to be politicians but who…
  “I want us to stop fighting each other.”  
Sadly, in the greatest democracy in the world, the federal government no longer serves America. It serves itself. 
An enthusiastic crowd at our town hall in Lancaster, SC. Thanks to everyone who came to show their support.  
The government is meant to serve the people. Our Founding Fathers did not intend for America to be beholden to an overreaching bureaucracy.
It was a privilege to tour Nutramax in Lancaster, SC and to have the opportunity to connect with many great people. 
  It's time to declare war on ISIS | via |  
Read my op-ed on beginning to address the issue of global terrorism. "It's time to declare war on ISIS | Fox News" 
America deserves leaders that conduct themselves with integrity, civility, and honesty. I refuse to engage in the politics of smear tactics.
We must destroy terrorists’ caliphate and prevent their members from infiltrating our homeland. Read my plan: 
America can not stand idly by while the Islamic State continues to persecute societies and perpetrate terrorist acts against the free world.
Wonderful to connect with the folks at Narroway Productions in Fort Mill, SC. An enthusiastic crowd in attendance! 
Great to connect with Pastor Rick Joyner during my visit to MorningStar Ministries this morning. 
"Ben Carson: 'We Should Not Allow a Judge to Be Appointed' by Obama - Breitbart"  via
Nothing like unwinding after a debate with a game of billiards. Thanks to for the great game! 
  mentioned our analysis of his tax plan during the  It might be the best so far. 
May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you trust in him, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit.
Read our post-debate statement on tonight's  in Greenville, South Carolina. Full statement here: 
I entered this race as a member of We the People. As President, I will be a champion for America. 
  We cannot afford to lose this election and we cannot afford to tear each other down. 

The  is a pure flat tax that will revitalize the United States economy. 
 If you want the gold standard for tax reform, has pure flat tax   
As President, I will work tirelessly to seek out and destroy global terrorism. 
The  is a simple, transparent, fair tax that will empower We the People and energize our economy. 
  amount of experience really prepares you to do something that's never been done before. That's where judgm…
  believes we should revisit lifetime appointments for Federal judges.
 "As far as those 2AM phone calls are concerned - judgement is what's required." 
Let your truth be known, Lord. May your Word heal our broken nation and replenish our land. We put our trust and all that we are in you.
My statement on the sad loss of a great man, Justice Scalia: 

Looking forward to tonight's  on CBS. Be sure to tune in!
We are a nation of immigrants, but we are also a sovereign nation of laws. Our sovereignty demands that we protect our borders.
 Op-ed by A Plan to Secure the Border, Reform Immigration and Restore the Rule of Law
"Debate Moderators Squeeze Dr. Ben Carson on Time"  via
Looking forward to the  tonight at 9:00 PM in Greenville, South Carolina. Tune in!
An amazing crowd tonight at in South Carolina! I loved the energy and enthusiasm.  
Looking forward to being on tonight at 8:00. Be sure to tune for the interview!
The  will simplify our cumbersome tax system and allow Americans to keep more of their money in their own pockets.
Government is meant to derive its power from the American people, and not the other way around as progressives would have you believe.
Honored to speak at  An amazing crowd in attendance. Thank you for the warm welcome! 
The  will energize our stagnant economy and empower We the People to achieve their dreams. My plan: 
Great to meet with faith leaders last night in Rock Hill. Join our Faith Coalition today:  
Honored to speak at the Reconciled Church Presidential Forum in Rock Hill, SC. Thank you for being so welcoming! 
Border security is about upholding the laws of the United States as well as defending our national security.
I believe, as Teddy Roosevelt did, that anyone who comes to our country must accept our laws, our Constitution and our values.
  in Gaffney: "If you don't get the military right nothing else matters.
 No seats left for event in Gaffney. 
Honored to speak at the Hispanic Chamber Luncheon in Greenville, SC. 
Great to sit down with from this morning for an interview in Columbia, SC.  
"Ben Carson: I’ll continue in race as long as I have support of We the People"  via
  “We have to change our position in the world. We have to be proactive in the way that we do things.” 
Our service men and women deserve the best resources available ; as President, I'll make sure that they receive the treatment they deserve.
America’s national security strength begins with its military, but our military supremacy has been weakened by Obama's administration.
Great to connect with local business leaders in Mt. Pleasant, SC. 
 I got to meet Sarah -- an amazing mom and military wife who believes in Ben because of his wisdom and common sense! 
Our nation faces grave national security threats. We must act decisively to protect American citizens from terrorists at home and abroad.
Read my comprehensive seven step plan to defeat  ensure our nation security, and protect our homeland: 
Thanks again to the people of NH for being so welcoming! Looking forward to having the opportunity to connect with voters in SC ; NV.
Thank you to all of our amazing volunteers in New Hampshire who gave their time to help out the campaign.  
As President, I will fervently defend the Constitution, and ensure that the government serves the people and not the other way around.
It's been great to connect with voters today in  New Hampshire. 
  "Maybe we will wake up and recognize that it was politicians who created our problems."

  "I don't believe that does the Republican party any good if we savage each other." 
 “America is on the wrong path.. if we keep doing what we've been doing we are gonna go off a cliff." - to
As Commander-in-Chief, I will ensure that our military is equipped and authorized to defeat and destroy global terrorism.
Good to see at our stop at DW Diner in Merrimack, New Hampshire.   
Polls are open in  New Hampshire Primary. I will be a President that will keep the promises that I have made! 
School choice leads to healthy competition among schools to provide the best educational atmosphere for all students to learn.
Candy had such a great time meeting with folks across the great state of New Hampshire this past weekend! 
Education is the bedrock of our success ; the foundation of what truly makes our country “the Land of Opportunity.” 
Check out highlights from this weekend's  Thank you to the people of New Hampshire!
North Korea has conducted tests that puts them one step closer to being about to strike America. Read more: 
We wouldn't be a free country if it wasn't for our veterans who protect and serve this nation. They deserve better.
Best of luck to the Broncos and the Panthers in the  tonight. Looking forward to a great game!
I am committed to protecting innocent life, especially when it is most vulnerable. The sanctity of life is something that we must defend.
When has the United States ever not sent people to help our own people? That is not who we are.
The existence of an organization like Planned Parenthood is proof that we have become numb to the horrors perpetrated against innocent life.
"Ben Carson’s Debate Recovery" 
My faith has been such an important part of my life, and I pray that it will continue to be a part of our nation. 
Therefore, my dear brothers and sisters, stand firm. Let nothing move you. Always give yourselves fully to the work of the Lord.
Statement on tonight's  
  "There is still a place in our country for faith, integrity, and common sense." 
I am a candidate that will stand on the side of integrity and honesty instead of on the side of the "Washington Way".
  says he "will never let go" of what happened in Benghazi and  deceit.  
  "We wouldn't be a free country if it wasn't for [veterans], ; we have 22 veterans per day committing suicide.…

 "We need rapid response for  We need rapid response for  says 
  was deceitful about Benghazi, which I will never do,"   
  says he will never forgive for   
  first candidate to address ISIS targeting Libya next. "I would proactively anticipate and deny ISIS's move…
  "honest and integrity instead of deceit and the Washington way" strong answer why Carson will beat HRC
I would consult with top military minds to create proactive ways to seek out and destroy  Read my plan here: 
I believe in the Constitution and empowering We the People -- not capitulating to special interest groups and the political elite.
 Facts matter: Ted Cruz misstates CNN's reporting at Republican debate 
Visit  to learn where I stand on the important issues facing our nation and how we can begin to fix them. 

 How you conduct your campaign IS  indicative of how you will run the country.
  timeline was a falsehood second tweet was "overlooked". Cruz coordinated effort to deceive the voter…
 "I'm not gonna use this opportunity to savage the reputation of Senator Ted Cruz." 
Lord, use me as your vessel. Give me the words to say and allow me to speak the truth boldly. Let your will be done through me.
Looking forward to tonight's 

"Ben Carson to Campaign Volunteers: ‘I Am In This’" 
Under the  each citizen pays the same %, and there is no danger of the government favoring anyone. 
Currently, the complexity of our tax code allows some to game the system, creating unfair results.
Great to see so many wonderful folks on the trail in  New Hampshire! Looking forward to a good debate tonight. 
"Ted Cruz’s Campaign Spread False Report in Iowa That Ben Carson Was Quitting Race"  via
This morning, I told that I got in to politics not for political ambition, but to serve the country. 
 Candy Carson, wife of greets campaign volunteers in Manchester, N.H. 
Looking forward to a great day in New Hampshire! Be sure to tune in for the ABC  tonight at 8:00 PM (EST).
Our political election process should be about discussing the issues and working towards building a better nation for the American people.
 So what really happened in Iowa? joins me here in Manchester, New Hampshire, next on 
 TODAY on  from Manchester, NH → Jeff Weaver and join at 5pET on
As the media discovers more facts surrounding Ted Cruz's campaign resorting to dirty tricks, even they are appalled.
We cannot weaken our defenses against terrorists. They are trying to infiltrate our country with every scheme possible.
 Does have any thoughts of dropping out of the race? He says, “I am in it for the long haul." 
Immigrants of all stripes have come to America, inspired by our ideals and opportunities. Read my immigration plan: 
Candy took some time this morning to do an interview with WKXL's Chris Ryan in Concord, New Hampshire.  
Thanks for sharing the great picture! Email your images to pic  
 TODAY: joins us live in Hot Topics. Does he think Ted Cruz stole his votes in Iowa? He'll tell us. 

America’s most urgent foreign policy priority should be to defeat and destroy Radical Islamic Terrorism.
  "Real issue...is not so much whether it's legal or illegal...is it right or is it wrong?...I would never do s…
As president, I will repair our broken immigration system by securing the border and restoring the concept of the American melting pot.
With 9 Republicans left, I call on the RNC to get rid of arbitrary requirements for debates. Americans deserve to hear from every candidate.
These kinds of political tactics have to stop. "Voicemails: ‘Carson Suspending Campaign'"  via
Americans have come to expect systemic weaknesses and regular failures in their federal government. We the People deserve much better.
When government undertakes a function, its activities should be responsive, transparent, ; efficient. Read my plan: 
Legal immigration will always be a valued pillar of our society but we need to restore the rule of law and keep our nation safe ; sovereign.
Very much looking forward to the National Prayer Breakfast tomorrow -- an event that holds a very special place in my heart.
The border is our first defense against illegal immigration. Border security is about upholding laws as well as defending national security.
Anyone who comes to this country and wants to be a part of it must accept our laws, our Constitution and our national values.
America is a beacon of freedom and hope to the world. Millions of immigrants have come to our shores inspired by our ideals ; opportunities.
  "I like Senator very much... sorry to see him dropping out." 
  is LIVE with on 
  "The reason I got in this race... is because I'm so tired like the rest of Americans w/ deceit." 
  is up next on - tune in to  now! 
The  will increase our anemic 2.2% economic growth rate by an additional 1.6%, resulting in nearly 4% growth annually.
The most important task of the government is to keep Americans safe. Obama has failed at confronting the grave threats to our security.
We must do better to protect our nation while continuing to welcome new Americans. Read my Immigration plan here: 
I will not micromanage educational innovators with one-size-fits-all regulations that suppress their ingenuity. 
Check out my op-ed on how the United States can start "Winning the 21st Century Cyberspace Race" 
Our government is bloated with bureaucracy and inefficiency. We the People deserve a government that is accountable to those they represent.
  "So many people...said 'that's just the way it is, it's a cesspool'...I don't accept that at all." 
As President, I will wage war against  and work tirelessly to ensure our national security.
  "I will talk about the real issues in New Hampshire." 
Looking forward to joining on  tonight at 8PM (ET) -- make sure to tune in! 
Americans must know that their government is there to serve them — not itself. I will restore integrity so government is held accountable.
Thank you for the amazing outpouring of support yesterday in Iowa. I am more determined than ever to win this election for We the People!
Shameless tactics ; dirty political plays defined yesterdays  There is no place for this kind of behavior. 
 "I am by no means even thinking about throwing in the towel." 
  “The biggest reaction we saw tonight was for   
  "The Declaration of Independence, says we have certain... rights given to us by our ‘creator’ AKA God.” 
  speaks during a caucus at Des Moines Christian School  
  "If you want to fight poverty, why not get rid of all these regulations?”  
  just walked in to Clive  site. Crowd went crazy, standing ovation as he took the stage 
  arrives in Clive  gets a standing Ovation 
Proud to speak at the  in Urbandale. 
  leaving Des Moines later tonight to avoid storm. Not suspending -- getting fresh clothes then back out Wed…
I want to thank my staff and all of the volunteers that make this campaign possible.  
The  is about to begin and I ask you to trust me with your vote. I will be a President that will fiercely uphold our Constitution.
 Live  coverage from event at 5 pm on  
Candy is making phone calls for tonights  from our Iowa HQ.  
Bring your family and friends with you when you caucus tonight in Iowa. Click here to find your caucus location: 
"I INVITE YOU to choose a problem solver, not a problem evolver." via 
I hope that Iowans will consider caucusing for me. As President, I'll protect our nation, revitalize our economy, and wage war on 
 The more I hear from Ben Carson, I am convinced he is the man for the job as C…
Glad to join and this morning to speak about tonights  
Speaking with this morning about how important this election is for the future of our nation.  
  brings a crowd to  
Spoke on the on about strengthening national security ; declaring war on  
 Iowa voters can go with "politics as usual" or go "outside of politics," says  
I humbly ask the people of Iowa to consider caucusing for a candidate that will fiercely defend the Constitution. I am that candidate.
 Why should voters choose He explains:  
 “You don’t have to be a raving, loud person in order to be tough," says  
"Trump couple turns to Carson for ‘intelligence, non-combativeness'"  via
  volunteers up bright and early getting ready for caucus day. See more on  
The mainstream media is fixated on nonsensical issues and pointless bickering, none of which does any good for our nation.
  "The Bible says by their fruit you will know them, not by their tongue you will know them." 
Check out this video from my stop at the famous "Field of Dreams" in Dyersville, Iowa.
 Go along with the casual on his  campaign trail via  htt…
As President, I promise to be a defender of the Constitution, a protector of our nation, and a champion of all Americans.
  attends a church service in Iowa. See a new episode of  TONIGHT at 8/7c, on 
It was an honor to attend church and pray with members of First Assembly of God this morning in Oskaloosa, IA. 
Society has allowed its sensitivities to be dulled and its disregard for life to grow. We must stop this trend. 
As President, I will repair our immigration system by securing the border and implementing sensible admission and removal procedures.
I'm proud to release my Immigration Plan which will secure the border, reform immigration ; restore the rule of law. 
Therefore, my dear brothers and sisters, stand firm. Let nothing move you. Always give yourselves fully to the work of the Lord...
 Ben Carson's Secret Service tells me 500 at event in West Des Moines. Fire code kept many disappointed Iowans out. htt…
  also showed up tonight to our rally to listen to  
 The last guest to arrive for rally tonight? Why, Richard Dreyfus of course.
Thanks to everyone who spent their Saturday night with me in West Des Moines, Iowa. Can't wait for the  
"It was Thomas Jefferson who said, it is immoral to borrow money from the next generation." 
"I don't take money from billionaires ; special interest groups" Live from Des Moines, IA here: 
 Ben Carson speaks to a group of 20 people that couldn't make it into his West Des Moines, …  
The media refuses to recognize the movement that We the People have started, so it is time for us to make them. 
Great turnout at our town hall at Dordt College. Thanks to everyone who came to show their support!  
Of the Obama-Clinton administration’s many foreign policy mistakes, its nuclear agreement with Iran poses the greatest threat to America.
I support school choice programs, such as vouchers and charter schools so every student has the opportunity to realize their full potential.
Under a Carson administration, the United States will reassert its strategic leadership in the world. My plan: 
  "I refuse to take money from special interests ; from billionaires that want to influence me." 
Looking forward to a great day in IA! We have town halls in Algona and Sioux Center and a rally in West Des Moines. 
  stumping for at the in Iowa City.  
  introduces Ben Carson in Iowa City, IA – LIVE on C-SPAN2   
 Spreading message of hope and unity across campus today   h…
I gladly confess that I was the only one at the  with no political title. Politicians are not telling the truth to We the People.
  in Iowa City, IA – LIVE at 3pm ET on C-SPAN2   
We must stop making our political process about spectacle, and must instead make it about the future of our nation.
"Despite having the least opportunity to speak at tonight’s debate, Dr. Ben Carson said the most." -General Bob Dees 
It's not too late to listen to our Founding Fathers.
  "I'm very much against the government being involved in every aspect of our lives."  
  "I'm very much against the government being involved in every aspect of our lives."  
 Carson doing well in describing necessary steps in defending baltic states as part of NATO."
  says "Putin is a one-horse country: oil and energy. We ought to fight them on that level.” 
Vladimir Putin is an opportunist. He's a bully. And we have to face him head on.  
I believe in the Teddy Roosevelt philosophy. 
  "I believe in a Teddy Roosevelt philosophy…”  
We need to stop allowing political correctness to dictate our policies because it's going to kill us if we don't. 
 RETWEET if you think is winning the   
  We need to stop allowing political correctness to dictate our policies.  
Read my comprehensive plan to defeat  and protect our nation: 
  "I will gladly confess that I’m the only one on this stage w/ no political title.”  
  We need people who think outside of the box and can solve problems.  
 Ben will be a President that will stand up for We the People! See why he is the best candidate to heal our nation. 
You don't have to be a politician to tell the truth.
Lord, let your wisdom be my words tonight. I stand aside, among your people, a servant leader -- ready and resolute to let your will be done
Google "Ben Carson" during the debate tonight to see real-time responses from the Carson team. 
The issue that I have with Common Core is that it lacks Common Sense. My education plan will empower teachers. 
Having a little fun during my walk through for tonights  Make sure to tune in!  
As president, I will wage war on radical Islamic terrorists and protect the homeland. Read my comprehensive plan: 

"Iowa lawmakers give Ben Carson standing ovation at Capitol"  via

Behind the scenes from my interview yesterday with  
Just as the United States opposed the spread of Communism in every form and in every place, it must now oppose the spread of the terrorism.
I'm excited to join on  126 in just a few minutes! Be sure to tune in!

We can no longer dawdle while the Islamic State continues to perpetrate terrorist attacks against the free world. 
 Were he to be elected  what would do on Day 1? asks, the candidate answers: 
  on skipping the  I'm not sure that it matters  
As President, I will unify the national will to confront Radical Islamic Terrorism, destroy our enemy, and protect the homeland.
Today, I'm proud to release my plan on how we can destroy  Read more:  
Looking forward to being on with today at 1:00 (EST). Be sure to tune in!
Great speaking with last night at our Revive 714 event in Iowa.  
  joins us LIVE at 8am/et 
  "Politicians do what is politically expedient, ; it's time we have someone who does what's right." 
If you believe Barack Obama would be a disaster of a Supreme Court Justice, click here: 
 says putting Obama on the Supreme Court is "a great idea". He has no regard for the Constitution. 
Check out a behind the scenes look at our campaign by following us on at "DrBenCarson".  
I will be a champion of the unborn and will fight to defund rogue groups like Planned Parenthood. Join the fight: 
Shot some pool with in Iowa earlier this week. Not going to say who won but...  
Thank you Mark Hanson. Join me tonight for Revive 714 in Des Moines, Iowa. Free tickets at: 
 
 leads to healthy competition among schools to provide the best educational atmosphere for all students 
"Ben Carson has skills needed to unite Americans"  via
  “We’ve entered a new age where cyber weapons are going to be weapons of mass destruction.”  
  to host prayer service Tuesday in Des Moines  
Read my full  plan here:  
  Protect your computer like you protect your gun  
"Carson proposes new federal agency to win cyberspace race" via 
There's no challenge too great for We the People. We must turn our attention to securing America's cyber leadership. 
An absolute pleasure speaking with this weekend at Revive 714.
Join me on Jan 26 in Des Moines for a night focused on God's plan for our nation. RSVP at  
I want to be President because I want to ensure a better future for the next generation. 
I am pleased to share the latest addition to our Pinterest board, focussed on the sanctity of human life: 
Join my faith based coalition by clicking here: 
So we fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is unseen, since what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is eternal.
I was honored to speak at Revive 714 earlier today. Thanks to everyone who was in attendance! 
The goal of the  is to raise revenue - not to redistribute wealth and micromanage free citizens. 
The single, most important task of the U.S. government is tokeep Americans safe. President Obama has been ineffective and hapless.
American must  and promote peace and prosperity through the power of We the People. Read more: 
Steve Forbes Says Ben Carson’s Tax Plan Is Strongest Of The Bunch  via
 Ben Carson is scheduled to appear at BET/Twitter  town hall at Drake.  
To keep US money out of the hands of terrorist organizations we need to not fund rouge states like Iran. Read more: 
The sanctity of human life is something that we must wholeheartedly promote and enforce. As President, I will defend life. 
  
Thanks to everyone who came out this morning to our Trust in God Town Hall in Clarinda, Iowa.  
It's time to give teachers the respect ; resources they deserve. My plan to  for our children's future: 
Looking forward to a great day in Iowa! Townhalls today in Clarinda, Mt. Ayr, Creston, and Des Moines. Learn more: 
 To check out the full story, watch the full video by clicking here: 
 Who Cooper chose to do his school project on! 
 Check out a video of the story leading up to my 2013 National Prayer Breakfast speech by clicking here: 
Team Carson standing strong in Iowa!  
America must  if we are to return to a place of power in the world. As President, I will make America strong once again.
 To check out the full story, watch the full two minute video by clicking here: 
America is the land of opportunity, for all. We the People will restore America by working together to  our great nation.
"Ben Carson Sparks 'In God We Trust' Social Media Campaign" via 
Town halls today in Glenwood and Atlantic, Iowa. Click here for more information:  Hope to see you there! 
With a heavy heart, I will resume my campaign tomorrow but I do so filled with the inspiration of Braden's story. 
Thank you to for flying their flag at half-mast in honor of Red Raider and volunteer Braden Joplin. 
We reflect on the preciousness of life and honor the memory of Braden Joplin. Read my full statement here: 
Rest In Peace Braden Joplin. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family. 
I'm suspending all campaign activities today due to a car accident involving members of our team. Full statement: 
My approach as President will be to listen to We the People instead of listening to Politicians and special interest groups. 
 "Ben Carson Displays Four Words He Wants You to Put in Your Facebook Profile to Support God" via 
"I Already Won The Lottery, I Was born In America And Know The Lord" via 
I stand against the liberal progressives who filed a lawsuit in Ohio to take "In God We Trust" off of our currency. 
Take It Easy, Glenn Frey, it's your turn for that Peaceful Easy Feeling. For the rest of us it's gonna be a Heartache Tonight
Honored to speak at today in Columbia, SC. Thanks to everyone was in attendance!  
 Chatting with for today's at Brookland Baptist.  
I am proud to have been born in this country and feel as though I have won the lottery every day.
Thanks to all who came to the MLK Parade today in Myrtle Beach. Dr. King was a man of great character and integrity! 
"Diversity Is Not A Problem, It Is A Strength" via 
 . on the Powerball: "I already won the lottery. I was born in America ; know the Lord" 

Great time speaking at the Carolina African American Heritage Foundation Community Awards Breakfast in Myrtle Beach. 
Follow us on and check out out latest campaign creative project.  
For I know the plans I have for you," declares the Lord, “plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.
Standing room only at our town hall in Forest City, IA. Thanks to everyone who came to show their support!  
One of the biggest problems we have is that we've taken the power out of the hands of the people and put it in the hands of politicians.
Great pic from one of our  Debate Watch Parties! Sign up today at:  
Looking forward to a great day in Iowa! Stops today in Charles City, Forest City, and Okoboji. I hope to see you there! 
America will lose this election if we continue this childish bickering. Progressive liberals want us to argue. We must do better.
America must resume its role as global leader, deterring and defeating aggression where necessary. As President, I'll seek to destroy 
"Ben Carson Delivers a Mic-Dropping Response When Asked About Bill Clinton's History"  via
  on refugees: "If we can't verify who they are, they don't come in as far as I'm concerned."  
  "We need to understand that if we don't win the war over there, we're going to be fighting a war over here." …
We're not going to solve our problems with traditional politics. Join me in the fight for common sense solutions at 
I ask you to join me in trust, honesty, ; integrity. We will  America for our children. 
Every regulation is a tax. It's evil government that is putting all these regulations on us, and we can't survive. 
The current tax code is broken. The  fixes the problem. Read more here:  
On  We must destroy their legitimacy, cut off their sources of revenue, ; attack their command centers.
Check out our "Seven Steps to a Safer America" plan here:    
 should be running all the time, then they won't have time to plan attacks against us. 
To defeat  we must destroy their legitimacy, cut off their sources of revenue, ; attack their command centers. 

  "There is such a thing as right and wrong." 
If a progressive liberal makes 2-3 Supreme Court picks, our country is over as we know it. 

If we give the military a mission and we don't tie their hands behind their back we can get it accomplished. 
Let your thoughts be my words, your heart be ours – inspire your people as we restore this land to you.
Looking forward to the  tonight on Be sure to tune in!

As Commander in Chief I will restore our military capabilities to levels fitting of our legacy as a world leader for peace and prosperity.
The US government should immediately begin an investigation of CAIR for connections to Radical Islamic Terrorism. 
We must abandon the theory that  is not a threat to the United States.
Looking forward to being on tonight at 8 PM (ET). Make sure to tune in!
We cannot delay while  perpetrates terrorist attacks against the world. The US must  My plan: 
Under Pres. Obama, America's military capabilities have become seriously depleted. We must immediately reverse this trend. 
Thank you to all of our volunteers braving the cold weather in Iowa! I sincerely appreciate your support.  
"7 Things Ben Carson Would Do as Commander-in-Chief About Threats to United States" via
The wise in heart will receive teaching, but a fast talking fool will become nothing. - Proverbs 10:8 
This morning on I discussed last nights  As President, I will  our nation.
Last night, touted his accomplishments while the world laughs at us. It's time to  My plan: 
About to join on to respond to the President's  Address. Make sure to tune in!
Tonight's  is the perfect example of why we must reform Washington DC, ; give the power back to We the People. 
"There's no doubt a president w/ the gifts of Lincoln or Roosevelt might have better bridged the divide." We must  the US.
We the People are not in the business of redefining the meaning of liberty -- the ability to freely exercise our God-given rights. 
"Our Founders distributed power between states and branches of government" ; yet you Mr. President excessively issue Executive Orders. 
To defeat  we must destroy their legitimacy, cut off their sources of revenue, ; attack their command centers. 
Mr. President, let’s not be concerned if we offend our enemies, let's pay a whole lot more attention to how do we protect our people. 
Mr. President, you must call the enemy out by name. It is impossible to defeat  if we do not call evil what it is ; act against it.
Pres. Obama finally speaks about  but still won't admit that it's a Radical Islamic Terrorist movement that seeks to destroy us. 
President Obama should be talking less about global warming and more about how we can defeat  and protect the homeland. 
While President Obama is complaining about global warming 10 of our American sailors are held in Iranian custody. 
President Obama says our biggest security threat is global warming -- not Radical Islamic Terrorists who have sworn to attack the U.S. 
 Actually, the Obama administration has unrolled enough red tape to cover the  
I agree Mr. President, we must cut red tape. But the fact is that you have created thousands of regulations creating more red tape. 
Sick of  Check out my patient centered health care plan here: 
I will repeal  ; put control of health care back in to the hands of We the People. Read my plan:  
My  plan will provide more school choice and empower parents and teachers. Read my full plan here: 
Obama thinks education should be controlled by the federal government, I believe we must take the fed out of education. We must 
President Obama's overseeing of the VA has been disgraceful. I will fight for reforms that will make veteran's care a priority. 
When President Obama takes the stage tonight, there will still be 10 United States military members being held captive by  
Better  invite? CAIR, who supports a culture of terrorism or Sisters of the Poor, who are pro-life. You decide!
Foreign policy is about respect.  not releasing US sailors shows how lack of leadership has destroyed our global credibility.
BREAKING: While POTUS is preparing to talk about his so called "accomplishments", 10 of our American sailors are being held by 
The Department of State should designate the Muslim Brotherhood and other organizations that support Islamic Terrorism as terrorist groups.
I support ; as they fight against the transfer of  terrorists 
I will promote peace and prosperity through the power of We the People, and restore America’s role as the world’s preeminent global leader.
Proud to introduce my foreign policy plan which will restore America's role as world leader. 
  will hold 2 town halls at the Blue Bunny Ice Cream Parlor b/c venue isn't big enough for the crowd. 
Thank you to for joining me in Iowa at our town halls in Fort Dodge, Jefferson, and Denison.  
 Photos: campaigns in Fort Dodge, Jefferson and Denison.   
"Carson prays with Clemson coach ahead of college football title game" 
Thanks to everyone that came to our town hall in Jefferson. The people of Iowa have been great everywhere I've been! 

Check out our latest stop in Iowa on Snapchat -- played in a game of ski-ball in Fort Dodge.  
  getting beat by in what may be the first ski-ball interview of the 2016 campaign. 
Terrific turnout at our town hall in Fort Dodge, IA. Thanks to everyone who came out to show their support!  
  invited me to come to Iowa and talk leadership today. I am learning so much about leadership. 
Thank you to all of our  volunteers tirelessly knocking doors in Iowa.  
 Tune in 7pm! on my  Show      
Our country faces grave national security threats. We must boldy ; decisively protect Americans against all threats: 
Pinterest is another great way to connect with the campaign. Check out our latest project: 
I had the opportunity to share my testimony ; talk about the future of faith in our nation with pastors in SC. 
And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose.
The latest and greatest from Team Carson  Tell your friends and join the team at 
Looking forward to being on tomorrow morning. Tune in!
We need a President who will stop threatening legal gun owners, and start tackling the root cause of violent crime in this county.
There are people out there who want to destroy us -- unless we become serious about our border security, they are going to succeed.
Thank you to all of the volunteers knocking on doors and talking to voters in Iowa.   
Had a great time speaking at   and talking about the important issues facing our nation.  
My  ensures people's financial security by putting control back into the hands of We the People. 
  "There is nothing in this country that cannot be solved with common sense, if we get politics ; ego out of th…
Education is the bedrock of America’s success. It is thefoundation of what truly makes our country “the Land ofOpportunity.” 
 
 
"Dr. Ben Carson Unveils Education Plan, Promotes School Choice, Parents and Teachers" via 
We owe it to our children to restore our education system to global preeminence. Read my  plan here: 
To be successful, we must take the federal bureaucracy out of education ; concentrate on empowering the American people. We must 
Proud to unveil my  plan focused on school choice ; empowering parents ; teachers. 
Great to reunite with Sean, a former patient who came to a Town Hall yesterday in Iowa. What an amazing kid! 
 Mizzou representing at a event in Cedar Rapids! What a fantastic week it's been for us here in Iowa! 
Great turnout in Bettendorf! Had to hold 2 events to accommodate everyone. Thanks for the amazing support!  
 endorsing was predictable. Neither care about the sanctity of unborn children. I'm a candidate who is 100% 
As President I will stand firm in protecting the  while working to better protect the American people from all enemies.
We need a President who will stop threatening legal gun owners, ; start tackling the root causes of violent crime ; terrorism in this county
Americans are rightly concerned when the same man who promised that you could keep your health care now promises that you can keep your guns
President Obama plans to discuss his latest executive actions on gun control at a town hall tonight. This is political theater at its worst.
Great crowd in Anamosa, Iowa at the National Motorcycle Museum. Thanks to everyone who came to show their support! 
This young man will go on to do great things in life. Nice to meet you Seth! 
Today is a solemn anniversary, read my full statement on the one year anniversary of the  attack here: 
 "All we have to do is get ego ;politics out of the way ; common sense will do the rest" says talking abo…
"Meet Candy, the woman behind Dr. Carson"  via
A Muslim who accepts the tenets of Sharia Law is not compatible with the Constitution of the United States.
At the end of the day, the best part of this campaign is getting to share it with the people that I love. 
This morning, I was asked how important I think it is that we as a nation protect our borders. Watch my answer.
My thoughts are with Congressman ; his family. Praying for healing as he battles cancer. 
The line was out the door at our Meet n' Greet in Winterset, IA. Thanks to all who came to show support!  
Follow us on for updates on what's happening on the campaign. Making our way through Iowa today!  
The  has been selected as an editor's pick on Read more here: 
Packed house at our town hall in Panora, Iowa. Thanks to everyone who came to hear our message!   
This great group of students from Panorama HS came to our Iowa HQ earlier today. Thanks for stopping by!  
 Standing room only at town hall in Panora, Iowa. First of three stops in the state today. 
The  will simplify our burdensome tax code and give power back to We the People. Endorse our plan: 
 Candy Carson dropped by to talk about life with 
  know how many miles I have traveled during this campaign. Reply with your best guess to get a special 
 can understand the current tax code.The  plan fixes that problem. Read more here: 
This morning I sat down with from to talk about my 3 stops today in Iowa.  
Read my  by clicking here:  
Had a great time talking to students participating in the  New Hampshire Primary Student Convention. 
 of calls the  the best tax plan of any Presidential candidate. Read more: 
 is a great pick to give this year's Republican response to the State of the Union address. She is a true conservative leader.
 Great pic of me and some of our  volunteers in Iowa getting ready to talk to voters.  
"With A Bold And Pure Flat Tax, Ben Carson Sets The Standard For Pro-Growth Reform" via of 
The President's actions have everything to do with advancing his political agenda ; little to do with actually protecting American citizens.
Any executive order President Obama signs that regulates firearms transactions will merely regulate the freedom of law abiding citizens.
Pres. Obama has told us to trust him on gun rights - just like "if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor".
We the People have a Constitutional right to bear arms and it is the President's responsibility to uphold that right.
 No amount of snowy weather can stop us from spreading the  message!   
Read my  by clicking here:  
A great crowd tonight with over 500 people at our Staten Island Town Hall!  
Thanks to all of our  volunteers on the ground in Iowa. Sign up today:  
This morning on I presented the  plan which will foster economic growth ; prosperity.
"This [ plan] would help make America a tax haven ; jobs would come to these shores rather than get outsourced" 
 Ben Carson’s tax plan would make America more competitive in the world: 
Under the  all income, personal and corporate, will be taxed at the same rate, ensuring that no one can game the system.
Read my  by clicking here:  
 Keith McCullough talking about Dr. Ben Carson's tax on FOX Business. 
"Dr. Ben Carson Proposes 14.9 Percent Flat Tax, Throw Out Current Tax Code - Breitbart"  via
My plan for a simple ; fair flat tax will not only eliminate the burden the IRS places on taxpayers but will grow the economy 
 This Tax Plan is one of the best put on the table so far.” Thanks! My plan here: 
Proud to introduce my true flat tax plan which puts control back into the hands of We the People. 
Looking forward to being on this morning at 7:40 AM (ET). Make sure to tune in!
Thank you to the volunteers in Iowa who dropped off lawn signs today. Get one by going to   
We must undermine the possibility of  strategically establishing a caliphate in Libya. We cannot afford to wait until after they do it.
This is not a traditional war against  ; other Radical Islamic Terrorist groups and we cannot fight it as such.
Let’s not get so concerned about how offended our enemies are and let’s pay a whole lot more attention to how do we protect our people.
 In Iowa today with volunteers talking to voters about plan to  our nation. 
Looking forward to being on tomorrow morning. Make sure to tune in!
Strength is not determined by the decibels at which you say something but rather by the accomplishments in your life.
Great picture of volunteers braving the snow in Iowa today. Thank you for the support!  
If we don't recognize and address the seriousness of Radical Islamic Terrorism, eventually ISIS boots will be on OUR ground.
We must act boldly and decisively to protect American citizens from the grave threats we face. Read my plan here: 
As I have announced over the past few days, we are entering a very exciting phase in my campaign. Read more: 
My 7 step plan to defeat ISIS  
 A big 'Healer Holler' for our  crew -- doing BIG things in Texas and now Iowa!  
Big support before a big  from our fans in Iowa! 
  on wife Candy: "She's the best...it was the best gift He ever gave me."  


"Carson Slams Obama’s Spying on Israel, Implicates Clinton" via
  "First of all, we need to declare war on the Islamic State...that way the people who aid ; abet them will be …
It is truly disgraceful that the Obama administration has spied on Prime Minister Netanyahu. Read my full statement: 
Make common sense common again 
 I've got tonight On The Record ... come join us!!
Great  picture. Go to  to upload your photo and join the movement today! 
As I have said since the start of this campaign, the U.S. should not be negotiating with rogue regimes like Iran. 
I don’t accept money from billionaires or special-interest groups who want to influence me - I will not be bought and paid for.

On this morning, I was asked what's the secret of my fundraising success. My answer: We the People.
Our system was not designed for career politicians. It was designed for citizen statesmen. We must put We the People back in charge.
  "One of the biggest problems that we have in this country is that we've taken it out of the hands of the …
  "The people are the ones who have funded [my campaign]... not billionaires." 
I think Teddy Roosevelt put it best in 1907...
 "I don't accept money from billionaires who want to influence... and I wouldn't do that as president"
 "People need to listen to what I'm saying, and not what other people are saying about me."
  "What we have to be careful of is allowing ourselves to be duped by political correctness." 
My "Seven Steps to a Safer America" plan -- how we can protect our country and defeat  Click here: 
Join the  movement, visit  to upload your picture that may be used on my website!
Why do I continue to run when the process has become so much about celebrity? Because our nation is worth saving and worth fighting for.
We the People use  to Heal, Inspire, Revive. Join me today at  to upload your photo! 
We must repeal  and put the power back into the hands of We the People. Read my plan here: 
 SUNDAY: will Face the Nation. Check your listings: 
Thanks to all of our  who sent in their  greetings. Sign up at:  
Thanks for the great pic! Get the campaign gear that your animal friends need at:  
Wishing a special Merry Christmas to all of our service men ; women protecting our nation who are unable to be with their families tonight.
Thank you to all the amazing people from across the country who sent me Christmas cards. Merry Christmas everyone! 
For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Savior, who is Christ the Lord. -Luke 2:11
 Merry Christmas to and my fellow  We need a voice for We the People in DC!  
Candy and I want to wish you all a very Merry Christmas. For unto us a child is born. 
 to wonderful times spent with my family. Have a Merry Christmas ; enjoy time spent with people that you love! 
Thanks for sharing the great pic! Email your Carson Christmas content to pic Merry Christmas Eve! 
Thanks for the great picture. You can get all of your campaign gear at  Merry Christmas! 
We must reform Washington D.C., and put the power back into the hands of We the People. Read my plan here: 
 The visits unexpectedly reunites with patient he operated on 25 years ago. By 
'Tis the Season! Check out our Pinterest page for some great Carson Christmas decoration ideas and much more! Visit: 
Great turn out at our Veterans Town Hall in Charleston, SC. Thanks to everyone who was in attendance!  
My "Seven Steps to a Safer America" plan -- how we can protect our country and defeat  Click here: 
 Supporters waiting for in Myrtle Beach, SC for a morning meet ; greet. Large crowd waiting. 
Spent last night with Santa, Mrs. Claus and these great kids who gave their time to write Christmas cards for vets. 

Check out the Carson Christmas Coloring Book. Perfect for entertaining your kids! Download:  
My thoughts and prayers are with the family ; friends of the American service members who were killed in the suicide bombing in Afghanistan.
Had a great time visiting with your organization! 
Touring Dyn in Manchester, NH. Great to see so many innovative Americans working to better our nation!  
In my adminstration, we will repeal Obamacare and put control of health care back in to the hands of We the People: 
Wishing the best going forward.
Thanks for sharing the fun picture! You can get all of your Ben Carson campaign gear at:  
Thanks to everyone who came to one of our town halls today in  New Hampshire!  
New spending bill rife w/ $Billions unfunded, mountains of debt ; still funding Planned Parenthood? Sound the alarm! 

 Wow, Hillary called higher premiums, higher co-pays and deductibles, under Obamacare, "glitches"?????!!!!!!!!!!
Great seeing  represent We the People in Iowa! Upload your photo here:  
Thanks for sharing your creative work! Show your support and email your  pictures to: pic 
 "We need people who don't have a lot of political ambition but want to represent us," in Harlan, Iowa 
Sign up today for  and represent We the People on your college campus! Click here: 
Full house in Carroll, Iowa. Thanks to everyone who came out to show their support!   
 The photo, captioned "Not afraid to say Merry Christmas," has amassed nearly half-a-million likes since it was posted 6 ho…
Great day in  with amazing supporters! Even better to wrap it up with nightly Q;A:  
Thanks to all who came to our town hall at Northwestern College!   
Not afraid to say  
Thanks for sharing the great picture! Send your pics to pic 
 Erik Mosbo, small biz owner in NW Iowa:  experience w/ medicine is exactly what we need."  
Thanks to everyone who came to our Meet and Greet in Storm Lake. We the People are excited for real change in our nation.  
 We the People spoke out.  
  on day 2 of his Iowa swing.Talking to voters this morning in Storm Lake, IA. 2 more IA stops today. 
Amazing day in  Two town halls in McGregor ; Mason City and a rally in Spencer. Grateful for the continued support of We the People.
Great rally in Spencer,  Opened the rally with a prayer ; then a performance by Candy ; the Carson Singers. 
  talks to voters at an evening rally here in chilly Spencer, Iowa. 
 to my college graduation with my mom and Candy. Sign up today for   
Love being able to connect with We the People. They make our country great! 
Donate today to get your copy of "A Very Candy Christmas"! Click here:  
Visit our official Ben Carson Store for our Christmas Sale! Show your support in style.  
Thanks to everyone who came to our Music Man Square Town Hall in Mason City, Iowa!   
The job of the President of the United States is to protect the people of this country and do what is neces... 
 are volunteering their time in South Carolina. 
ICYMI: My 'Seven Steps to a Safer America' plan focused on defeating ISIS and protecting the homeland. Read more: 
Thank you to everyone who came to the We the People Town Hall at Sam's Saloon in McGregor, IA.   
  "People who are not well informed are easily manipulated." Says we live in a "soundbite society." 
  speaks at Uncle Sam's Saloon here in McGregor, the first candidate to visit since Bill Clinton 
Great day! Spoke at Republican Women of  Luncheon and held rallies in Carson City ; Elko, NV. We will win this election! 
Thanks to everyone who came to our rally in Elko, Nevada. Terrific turnout!  
Looking forward to being on  with tonight at 9 PM (ET). Tune in!
Sign up today for  and begin making a difference in your campus community.  
Terrific rally in Carson City! We the People are committed to building a better future for the next generation! 
 speaking in Carson city.   
  teach! 

Had a great time speaking at the Republican Women of Las Vegas Luncheon. Thanks to everyone who came out! 
 America used to be can do society. Now it's the what can you do for me society says 
My opening statement during last night's 
My op-ed on reforming our health care system and returning the power to We the People. Read here: 
  If “we strengthened our military…it strengthens us.”  
Amazing night at the  
  explained why he should be president.  

  "[Refugees] will be infiltrated with terrorists... For them not to be would be terrorist malpractice." 
  of the things that you'll notice if you look through my life is that I don't do a lot of talking, I do a …


  on ISIS: “We have to destroy their caliphate b/c that gives them the legitimacy to go ahead w/ the global j…
  "If our military experts say we need boots on the ground, we should put boots on the ground." 
  just had his strongest moment ever talking about tough leadership
 Do you agree with   

 Sounds like is off to a great start.   
 Ben Carson gives his opening statement at the  
 I'm team  
Lead us tonight Lord, take these hands in yours, make clear our path -- though we stumble as a people, your grace lights the way back home.
Visiting the so called "spin room" before the  tonight. 
 go get 'em tonight!
 Stopped by the campaign offices in Urbandale for some photos. It was a very Carson Christmas inside. 
Check out Candy's new Christmas recording and share it with your friends. Click here: 
Today, I released my plan to defeat  ; protect the homeland. Read my "Seven Steps to a Safer America" here: 

Coming soon - Candy Carson’s book for charity, A DOCTOR IN THE HOUSE. For a free autographed bookplate: 

Looking forward to the debate tomorrow night. Thank you for all of your well-wishes and prayers for the campaign and my family. -Ben
Thanks for the great pic! Hard working people from all walks of life are striving to  our nation. 
We need to provide our military leaders with the resources that they need to defeat 
Join  as We the People work together building a better future! Share your voice:  
   take care of Vermonters and     
To defeat  we must destroy their legitimacy, cut off their sources of revenue, ; attack their command centers.

  "America deserves a government that is trustworthy." 
I've seen so many great pictures of  doing amazing things. Join the movement:  
 Today on  George sits down with for an exclusive interview.
Looking forward to joining tomorrow on Make sure to tune in! 
Listen and share Candy Carson performing  classic "Joy/Mary Did You Know" w/ Craig Aven! Check it out here 
  are volunteering to get Ben elected President!  
Thank you to  for showing their support. Change your profile picture today:  
This is about 'We the People' not 'They the Powerful' huddling in political insider meetings. My press release here: 
Looking forward to being on with  at 4 PM (ET). Tune in!
Terrific turnout at our Town Hall in Moravia, IA. Thanks to everyone who was in attendance!   
Awesome picture! This is a great example of how  contribute to helping communities across America. 
Looking forward to the GOP debate next week. Visit our page to learn how to host a debate watch party: 
Thanks for the support Chris! Its great seeing  pictures from  throughout our nation. 
Thanks to everyone who came out for breakfast this morning in Burlington, Iowa!  
 to my days as a pediatric neurosurgeon. I will repeal Obamacare ; empower the patient.  
  care for my cancer stricken Air Force father (1982-88) is for real  🇺🇸 
Wonderful crowd today in Fort Wayne, Indiana! Thanks to everyone who came out to show their support!  
 We've got a full crowd of people ready to see  
 volunteered many hours of their time to put my name on the Virginia ballot. Thank you so much!  
Filed for the ballot in  I am committed to representing We the People in every state ; territory.  
 Well my daughter has decided to join and  campaign with her own thoughts.  
Our Iowa team visited Dike-New Hartford HS where I won their mock caucus. Thanks to for organizing! 
Amazing day in Michigan -- headed to Chicago tomorrow AM for a pastors roundtable then to Fort Wayne, Indiana for a rally at 4PM. 
 Thank you for visiting Michigan again and showing  
A lifetime in medicine has taught me the best  decisions are made between patients ; doctors. Read more: 
Great turnout at Eastern Michigan University where I highlighted my plan to reform our health care system.  
Thanks Josh! Update your profile picture and share your story here:    
  clean rooms 2 pay off student loans ; fold in prayer 4 loved ones, the nation, ;  
Pleased to reveal my health care plan -- we must repeal Obamacare ; put We the People in charge. Full proposal here: 
Exciting day yesterday in Atlanta and today in Michigan. Keep up with what's happening on Snapchat!  

Yesterday, I had the pleasure of meeting with at Ebenezer Church where her uncle Dr. King was a pastor. 
A terrific crowd tonight in Atlanta! Thanks to all who came out to show their support!  
Share Dr. Carson's unifying and inspirational message of how  shape America. 
Many have asked how they can listen to my wife Candy's music. Here's a little Christmas teaser -- more to come: 
One of my favorite things in life is listening to my wife Candy play music.  
Vets are not looking for a handout, however many are looking for a hand to pull them out of dark times. Read more: 
Excited to unveil our plan to reform our government. It should work for We the People and not for itself. Read more: 
I don't need "color codes" to tell me we're at war w/ ISIS. We need a leader who's ALWAYS prepared to defend America 
  son Ben Jr. had a great time answering questions from students today at  
This is the time for real solutions, not the empty and cynical rhetoric we saw last night from President Obama. 
Represent We the People on your campus! Sign up today for  Click here:  
We remember those who died at  We honor the brave vets who served and those who continue their legacy. 
Beckett was so excited to get his books signed that he decided to dress up for the occasion. Great to meet you. 
May these lights shine for all bringing hope and healing throughout the world.  -Ben

Had a wonderful time speaking with the congregation at Great to see so many people in attendance. 
We should never sacrifice our values for the sake of political correctness.
Only candidate beating Hillary Clinton in general election. We the People will decide this election.  
   I think of all the people running.  I have the most experience making life and death decisions. 
 Coming up on  -- An exclusive interview with 
Had a great time speaking at  A terrific crowd of people in attendance!   
  says country was designed “for the citizen statesman, not the career politician.” iacaucus
Had the opportunity to meet with veterans at  Thank you for your dedication and service! 
Looking forward to speaking at 
CA female shooting suspect apparently approved for Visa by DHS, using fake address on application. My thoughts here: 
Thank you to for having me to speak at their "Defend ; Reform Town Hall”. 
Get into the holiday spirit with your Carson Christmas gear. Visit the store today:  
 In 30 minutes will be speaking at our  Town Hall in Waterloo, Iowa! 

President Obama's vaunted vetting system is a failure.
Humbled to receive our one millionth donation. This movement is about We the People. They make this campaign possible. Thank you. 
It was great speaking with everyone at  Thanks to all who were in attendance! 
 We need real tax reform to repatriate overseas funds from American companies that could invest in jobs here -
 Packed room at  conference for GOP presidential candidate 
We the People are on Pinterest -- check out our latests pins and boards. Click here:  

We must eradicate  now. We have to use every means possible to do that.
 to my closing statement at the GOP Debate on Nov 10th. Looking forward to the next debate on Dec 15th. 
Had a great time with and using their at the  

 Not at the forum? No problem. Check out the backstage scene with on Snapchat 
  gets pretty warm welcome from  crowd. Mostly standing O
 Speaking at the Republican Jewish Coalition now.  Watch LIVE: 
 We're live backstage with at the  

Candy got to connect with the very talented Goldtones who sang our national anthem last night. 
 Great   last night w    
I am thankful for those praying for God's guidance over this campaign -- both in person and around the country. 
 Watch tonight’s event with LIVE from —&gt; 
 Huge crowd tonight at  Forum to hear 1st  candidate to visit 
"15 Pastors Endorse Ben Carson in South Carolina"  via
My thoughts and prayers are with the shooting victims and their families in San Bernardino.
 Probably 1500 people at Winthrop coliseum to hear Ben Carson. 
Great crowd at our town hall in Fort Mill, SC. Thanks to everyone who came out to show their support!  
Hospital at refugee camp. Facilities like these are empty because they can't afford to staff them. We can do more. 
 Exciting! Ben's town hall in Rock Hill, SC has been moved to the Winthrop Coliseum to make room for more people.  

As President, I will not be content until December First is no longer  Full statement here: 
On this  let us all pray for those afflicted with this disease, let us redouble our efforts protecting life today ; tomorrow.
...and foremost, summon the compassion to recognize our collective fate in the plight of the least fortunate among us. 
Rosa Parks embodies the best of American strivings; mustering courage to reject injustice whatever form it manifests 
"There can be no liberty and pursuit of happiness if there is no life." 
"There is nothing more precious than the life of a human being."  
My interview this morning on
 Just registered to vote and my first Presidential vote will go to 🇺🇸
 is the only political figure with the sense to ask the Syrian refugees how best the USA🇺🇸 can serve them.…

  "Height of hypocrisy" for U.S. to ask Turkey to seal border with Syria  
  on Jordan trip: "The Syrians were pretty adamant about the fact that they want to go back to Syria." 
  "I've spent my whole life as a pro-life advocate trying to save lives."  
  is moments away on 
Looking forward to being on  with tonight at 9 PM (ET). Tune in!
Check out this great article by about Candy and her passion for making music! 
 Is that Messi I see? No! It's Ben delivering soccer balls and stuffed animals to kids at refugee camps in Jordan. 
This family came to Jordan for safety but want the war to end so that they can return home.  
My response yesterday on Meet the Press on what I experienced while visiting refugee camps in Jordan.
 Interesting that is the only candidate (at least that I've heard) to visit middle east and get the real refuge…
Visited refugee facilities in Jordan. We must do more as a nation to support the humanitarian crisis in Syria. 

America's two greatest features are compassion and strength. We need to demonstrate both, here and now. God Bless America.
I leave Jordan knowing we need to get serious about ending the war in Syria. We need to stop whining and start winning.
Empty rhetoric leads to millions of empty homes. Stop whining, start winning! Sign up now: 
Dr. Ben Carson and Candy Carson meet with Syrian refugees at the Za’atari camp in Jordan today. 
Bringing 25K refugees to U.S. doesn't solve this crisis. Jordan already houses 1.4M refugees. We must do more. They need ; deserve our help.
Amman, Jordan today - I saw pain on the faces of mothers ; children. My full statement here:  

Team Carson took some time to talk about the things that they are grateful for this 

I refuse to submit to political correctness -- there are too many people who gave up too much to protect our 
 Day is tomorrow! Have some fun with friends ; family by creating your own "Gifted Hands" Turkey here: 
Exchange students taking time to volunteer and learn about the  at our campaign office. 


Wishing all students headed home for Thanksgiving safe travels. Have a great break!  

My interview last night on Fox News  -- responding to how we can defeat ISIS and protect our nation.
 Guess who was wrong on Thomas Jefferson. Apparently not Deputy Editorial Page Editor 
Looking forward to being on  with tonight at 9 PM (ET). Tune in!
Great crowd today in Pahrump, NV -- apologies to the hundreds unable to get inside due to venue capacity.  
It is the duty and responsibility of our leaders to defend our sovereign nation and its borders.

 The ballroom at the Pahrump Nugget hotel in Nevada is full for rally today. 
Yesterday on I outlined my plan for how we can defeat ISIS.
Got to speak at South Bethel Church in Tipton, IA -- oldest continually running country church west of Mississippi. 
Great time speaking with folks at Antioch Church in Cedar Rapids! 
  gets a standing ovation before he gives testimony at Antioch Christian church in Marion, IA 
Sign up today for  and begin making a difference in your campus community!  
 Great interview with  Realistic answers to questions,  instead of rhetoric.
Looking forward to being on with Tune in!
Make sure to catch all the behind-the-scenes moments by following me on 
Please listen to The Wood's family story ; learn how you can help spread their message: 
My thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of the victims in 
Great pictures from filing in  New Hampshire earlier today. Thanks to We the People for the support!  
Keep up with where the campaign bus is heading next -- it may be coming to a town near you! Follow 
We the People are a movement built on grassroots support, unifying to  our great nation. 
Officially filed today for  New Hampshire Primary. Thanks to everyone who came to show their support!  
 What did leave in the 100th anniversary  time capsule? A stethoscope 
If we don't have a way to monitor every foreign person entering this country, then we are being negligent in our duty to protect America.
Crowd waiting at ballot filing in  New Hampshire. 
 . arrived at NH state Capitol a few mins ago to file for the NH GOP presidential primary. Supporters yelled "Wi…
 Crowd waiting for to file for the   
 isn't scheduled to get to the NH State House for another hour but already a serious crowd lined up 
Had a great time talking with voters at Candidate Cafe in  New Hampshire. Headed to ballot filing next. 

Check out our Snapchat! We will be uploading some great content today from stops in  New Hampshire and Iowa. 
Honored to submit signatures of over 14k Virginians who volunteered their time to get my name on the Mar 1 ballot. 
Great crowd tonight in Mobile at the Thanks you for the support!  
Had a chance to shoot some pool with earlier today. Thanks for the good game! 
Check out our latest  video and sign up today at: 

 I'm glad to see this come in the mail! Thank you,  🇺🇸 
"Dr. Ben Carson On Syrians Caught At Border: Worst Nightmare Unfolding Before Our Eyes"  via
 was extremely excited to find this in my mail box today! 🇺🇸🇺🇸  
We the People are on Instagram! Click here:  Email your pictures to pi 
My response last night on the O'Reilly Factor on how we can begin to combat ISIS.
Congrats to Stuart Varney who is now an American Citizen. His story of "one of the best days of (his) life" here: 
  on ISIS: "We need to recognize that it is really an existential threat to our nation...the war is against all …
  : "You have to really take the fight to [ISIS] ;... strangulate them in terms of the ease of access that they …
 I can't wait to use my sticker  
Looking forward to being on on tonight at 8 PM (ET). Tune in!
 Ben Carson joins The Factor tonight to discuss the ISIS crisis --
It remains foolish to think they are not trying to get here to hurt us. 
  outperforms among women in   
Thank you for the support in The Centennial State!  
Latest Campaign Update from  Team --  in VA,  in CO and leading nationally  at 27%!
My op-ed in We must stop viewing Islamic Extremism through the lens of political correctness: 
UPDATE: 4 more Governors are accepting Syrian refugees into their States. More info here:  
 Ben is a man of many talents! 

We the People growing every day -- over 1M on Twitter ; we just hit 4.8M on Facebook! Check out our Pinterest page: 
 Carson Is Top Doc In  Republican Race; All Top GOP Candidates Lead Clinton By Double-Digits
Thank you to for being a conservative governor and running a campaign he should be proud of. Wishing the Jindal family well.
Thank you for your support. This is not a campaign, it is a movement -- let's keep up the momentum!  
Thank you for the great picture. Together, We the People will  our great nation! 
 CHA: Favorability of GOP candidates among Hispanics   
 CHA: Candidate preference in Republican presidential primary   
 No. 1: tops among Republicans, Hispanics, white evangelicals  via
"Poll: Carson, Trump running neck-and-neck in Virginia"  via
My interview last night with
For more common sense discussion regarding  check out tonight's Q;A on Facebook here: 
  "We have these politicians ; they seem to have completely lost contact w/ rational thought..." 
  on administration: "I find it interesting that they're willing to use the term ISIS, because the 'I' in ISIS i…
Looking forward to being on  on tonight at 10 PM (ET). Tune in!
Talk is cheap. When we draw a line in the sand or boundary in the air, the world - most importantly  - needs to understand we mean it.
The era of arm-chair quarterbacking our military will end in the Carson Administration. We must empower our military to destroy 
Tell Congress to defund the Obama Administration's plan to bring 10,000 Syrian refugees into America. Click here: 
Thank you fabulous Las Vegas!  

 A look at the crowd at the International Church of Las Vegas where will be speaking shortly. 
Thank you to Chris Wallace and for having me on the show this morning. 
Revealed in the midst of chaos, He stands beside us as we stand with each other. With Him, together, we will be made stronger.
We mustn't close our eyes when evil presents itself allowing darkness to abound. Only with open eyes can we see His truth ; calming presence
You, Lord, keep my lamp burning;    my God turns my darkness into light. (Psalm 18:28)
My thoughts and prayers are with the people in Paris tonight.
   
 That moment when your 18 year old college freshman daughter texts you and just makes your day! 
 "we the people" Why is that so hard 4 so many? Differences make us great, but we've been convinced that i…
Thank you to ; Rep. for the discussion at  about commonsense solutions for We the People.
We the People get to decide who we are. 
A great crowd of 5,000 at  at Bob Jones University in Greenville, SC. Thanks Palmetto State!  
 Full house for townhall with at  
 Your first look inside the auditorium.  More than a thousand people at to hear speak. 
Looking forward to sitting down with and at for  at noon today.
We the People are  in The Peach State! Thanks for your support in  as we keep the momentum going.  
 Cars are lined up outside in Greenville S.C. as people pack the auditorium to hear 
Thank you for the kind words  
 On my way to Greenville, SC with Ben for a breakfast with the Greenville County Republican Woman's Club. 
We the People are on Pinterest! Another great way to keep up with Candy and me. Click here:  
Thank you Arizona!  
We honor  Capt. Florent Groberg with our nation's highest award, the  His inspiring story here: 
We the People stand united -- let our momentum carry us forward in to 2016! Thank you for your support.  
  on growing protests on U.S. campuses ; what free speech really means: “We must encourage open dialogue.” 
  “This is just raw emotion and people being manipulated... by outside forces who wish to create disturbance…
  "We have people who get in their respective corners ; demonize eachother...there's no conversation. 
Looking forward to being on  with tonight at 9 PM (ET). Tune in!
  is the only Republican leading in head-to-head race in poll average 
My closing statement at last night's 
"The Power of Ben Carson’s Closing Statement"  via
 Thank you Dr. Carson for coming to LU today 🇺🇸   
Let us honor our veterans --  not just on  but every day.
 Thank you for coming to LU convo this morning! I enjoyed hearing you speak, and I pray that God keeps op…
 thanks for taking the time to speak at convo! You were funny, insightful, and overall great!
 Thankful to for coming to and taking time to honor our veterans today in the midst of his visi…
"Carson Killed it With His Closing Statement" via -&gt; 
  came out the big winner among Facebook users during the   
On  we celebrate the brave men ; women who have given so much, asking nothing in return. Please share.
A packed crowd of 13,000 people at this morning. Thank you for having me speak at 
 we are so honored that you are here at Liberty University today!  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
 Hands outstretched and heads bowed during a prayer for at packed convocation today. 
 WATCH: speaks - LIVE on C-SPAN2  
 Hello, Dr.  ☺️ is excited to have you today!
 Students at pouring in to to hear speak. Looks like a great time to me!  
 Crowds lined up for blocks to see at Start time not for another 2 hours 
Looking forward to speaking at at this morning.
 Today we are thrilled to welcome to Watch live at 10:30 on  .
  on His closing statement was dynamite.  
  on  “I think was pretty clearly the winner.” 
Great time sitting down with after the  
There is something special about this nation. We must never give it away for the sake of political correctness.

 And the search verdict is in: is top searched  candidate tonight 
 WEDNESDAY: speaks - LIVE at 10am ET on C-SPAN2 
 Excellent close by
 TUNE IN NOW: joins for LIVE post-debate coverage from Milwaukee.  
  "You can take all the rich's money and it won't make a dent in the problem that we're having." 

 Pleased to hear remind us that America was a startup, and now has the leading economy because of entrepreneur…
  We have let the creep of regulation turn into a stampede of regulations.   
Make sure to download the app to stay connected both during and after the debate here: 
  at our University of Alabama Debate Watch Party are all in for Ben! 
 ALE: Our flash poll results are in and steals the win starting off the night  

 Sweet moment at  intermission  comes off stage to greet his granddaughter. 
 Follower growth (all cands) in  1st hr:1)

  “I believe if you put more money in people’s pockets that they will actually be more generous.” 
  advocates for a proportional tax code: "It doesn't get more fair than that." Here's what it means 
 Gotta say does a solid job explaining his tax plan. Comes across as likable despite wonky subject.
 Kudos to for having guts to hit the mortgage interest deduction.
  If you put more money in people's pockets, I believe that they will actually be more generous. 
  on charity: "I believe if you put more money in people's pockets that they will actually be more generous." 
  Almost one hour in 15,000 mention 14,40 12,700 
 The big winner in the  so far is having his best night so far, showing competence on economy and …
 Thank you for fighting against these smear campaigns. Your message is too important. 
  "Well first of all, thank you for not asking me what I said in the tenth grade."  
 Students are gathering all over the country to watch Ben in the  This pic taken at UNLV.  
 just locked down a whole bunch of Iowa voters. Hits media, nails and defends himself gracefu…
 Students at Liberty University getting together for a Ben Carson Debate Watch Party!  
During the break in the debate, visit  and create your own "Breaking News" meme. 

  on minimum wage: “Every time we raise the minimum wage, the number of jobless people increases.” 
 - continue to be impressed by you sir

 Great response and explanation on the minimum wage from  
 Solid answer by on the minimum wage. Sounds like a person, not a politician. Bravo.
  at the University of Alabama are very excited to hear Ben in tonight's 
 Great pic from our  Debate Watch Party at Hillsdale College. Send your pics to pic 
Let me stand resolute in your strength. Guide my words Lord, quiver divisive arrows, you be found first, foremost the healing hands we abide
 Top searched  candidates as it began. Red is 



 
  knocks media with series of "breaking news" graphics posted to Facebook  
Here's how our campaign staff gets HQ ready for the  Create your own party here:   
 Had the pleasure of speaking with in the spin room ahead of tonight's  
Looking forward to standing up for We the People at tonight's  Be sure to tune in! 
 filed for our March 5th Presidential Caucus at We're excited to have him on the ballot in KY! 

 Tomorrow: speaks at convocation
"Ben Carson is still the most popular presidential candidate. And it’s not close." 
 Lol this is hilarious 😂 
The campaign staff wanted to make sure to stay ahead of any "breaking stories" in the news today. 
Thank you to all those who have served and continue to serve. Happy  --  
We the People are  in Michigan!  
Thank you for all the support in The Palmetto State as We the People lead the way in South Carolina!  
 Evangelical voters in South Carolina, via 3 2 1 9
 For the first time, is beating in South Carolina  
 LATEST: neck and neck in SC. clear establishment favorite, in 3rd 
 Carson's journey through life resembles what the American Dream means means to🇵🇷Thank you for supporting statehood! 
Check out the Ben Carson App! Another great way to keep up with the campaign! Click here:  
 thank you for supporting PR! You have my vote❤️🇵🇷 

Check out Justin Tranchita's new song "This Is America" --  currently  on the Billboard Emerging Artists Chart. 
We the People will not sit down and be silent any longer. "Ben Carson Isn’t Backing Down"  via
An enthusiastic crowd of 3,500 people today in Puerto Rico. Thank you for the support!  
This morning I will be on with Tune in!
We the People have made 10,000 donations each day this week, raising $3.5M this week alone. Thank you biased media.
"Carson: Politico Story 'Total Fabrication,' Never Claimed I Applied to West Point"  via
 Thank you for your very kind words on my election to the Chair of the Puerto Rico Republican Party. 
"No, Ben Carson Didn't Lie About West Point. It's Another Media Hit Job". 
Thanks for the great picture. Looks fun! 
Thank you North Carolina!  We the People continue to surge in every state throughout our nation. 
"Carson Best-Liked of All Presidential Candidates" 
  scores great marks on 'honest and trustworthy' poll. 
Sign up and download Justin Tranchita's new song about Ben "This is America" by texting "Song" to ASKBEN (275236).
Thanks for the pic! Sign up for  and make a difference on your campus!  
Call 772-BC2DC16 to hear a special message about Ben's new app -- remember to leave a message for Ben at the end! 
 Ben Carson qualifies for Alaska Presidential Preference Poll!
  "In a match-up to is losing her core constituency: women." 
 Big crowd outside downtown for book signing, part of Main St closed, sidewalk jammed 
 ..I have never voted Republican before but I am this election and am voting for you.
"Carson atop national polling index for first time" 
  has surpassed in the RCP polling average, taking the top spot for the first time this e…
Thanks for the picture. What a great view!  

"Ben Carson would Be Hillary Clinton's toughest opponent"  via
I am touched by the work of your gifted hands. Thank you for sharing this with me. 
 Looks like maybe a thousand people are here in Lakeland for 
 Hundreds on line for in Lakeland 


 Happy  Hopefully, next year at this time, we're announcing as the newest President of the Uni…
The right to vote is something that should be greatly cherished -- a freedom that many have given their lives to protect. 
"Ben Carson Leads Donald Trump in New NBC Poll"  via
 Carson 29% - lead is much-deserved. He is a great Christian man of integrity ; principle I would love…
 So awesome to see this!! Much love and support Ben Carson 
"Carson leads Trump in new national poll" 
Pleased to have the opportunity to participate in the  -- watch tonight at 9PM and 1AM ET. Click here: 
 in the latest NBC/WSJ national poll -- We the People continue to surge!  
 Brand News NBC/WSJ Poll 29 23 11 10 8pOct 25-29 
 And get this: A majority of GOP primary voters -- 50% -- have Carson as either their 1st or 2nd choice 
 Carson's 29% is the highest % to date in the NBC/WSJ poll for any Republican in the 2016 presidential race 
The latest Campaign Update from Team Carson! 
 Hey, I know that guy! Lookin good Doc!  
  has filed with for President 
First day to file in Arkansas -- and we were there! We the People standing strong!  
 that Books a Million hasn't been this crowded since Christmas time before the Kindle or iPad! looks like a LOT of love for…
The Ben Carson App is available now. A great way for We the People to connect! Click here:  
In the month of October, we raised $10 million and today we'll receive our 800,000th donation. I am humbled by your support. Thank you.
Today is  Education is key to a brighter future for the next generation!  
Check out our Instagram and email your pictures to pic 
I'll be on  on this morning for an interview. Tune in!
 I think the doc would tell this future physician, if you're going to eat sweets tonight, make it Candy Apples! 
 We'll speak w/ GOP presidential candidate tmrw on 
Our Iowa Crew is having a great time at  today!  
Tatiana ; Tobias writing thank you notes to veterans at our  booth in IA. Great spirit from young Americans! 
Our next generation at Iowa  reminding us why we must secure Growth and Opportunity for our youth.  
Thank you Congresswoman for the warm welcome. 
Our booth at the  in Iowa -- Growth and Opportunity for We the People!  
A great crowd of 2,500 here at the West Memphis High School. We the People standing strong in Arkansas!  
 gets standing ovation... his wife Candy joins him... "I am Candy Carson and I approve this message" some humor…
 Crowd on its feet when says we need more help for military 
 "Look at the Constitution. Read it again..." Cant hear drowned out by cheering crowd 
 "I don't like to just talk about problems... Let me talk about solutions" 
 "It was a can do attitude" that made America rise... He says we need the "can do" attitude.. not "What can you…
  "Our Country was designed for Citizen Statemen. Not Career Politicians"
 Event has started.... Rep. Rick Crawford takes the stage in West Memphis, he says he will introduce 
 Latest NBC News GOP Poll:T1. Carson 26%T1. Trump 26%3. Cruz 10%4. Rubio 9%5. Bush 5%6. Fiorina 4%
Praying for Coach Joe Kennedy and the Knights, even if the school board doesn't like it.
 Thanks for sharing the pic! Do they have a garage in the White House big enough for me?  
 We need a GOP candidate that is calm, collected, and knowledgable. seems to be leading that race 
 A great picture of one of Ben's supporters in The Lone Star state! Thanks for sharing!  
Congratulations on celebrating 1000 BROADCASTS! 
  "There is massive inefficiency in the 645 gov't. agencies ; subagencies."  
 We made it to West Memphis!!!! This is where will speak tomorrow 
Thanks to everyone who made last night's debate parties such a great experience.
We're on Pinterest. Another great way to keep up with what's happening on the campaign!  
 You have my vote! Thank you for being so inspirational.
It is important to remember that amateurs built the Ark and it was the professionals that built the Titanic. 
Congratulations to -- let your tenure be an act of service as an example for others, working together for We the People.
 The crowd waiting for rally at Colorado Christian University. Over 1,500 people, event staff says. 
 Catching up on last nights debate. did great. 
 Long line waiting to hear in his post-debate speech at Colorado Christian University. 
Thank you service to others is the greatest gift. Great read: "CNN: The power of Ben Carson's humility" 
Great time speaking with about how to return our great nation to We the People.  
 great job tonight. I wish you continued success.
 - impressive, most impressive
  And the winner is:1st 64%2nd 61%3rd 56% 
 I love that doesn't come across as "selling" himself to the American people. 
 Closing statements: owns the stage. Thank you for being real.  
  "Never give away the values ; principles that made America into a great nation for the sake of political cor…
 Thanks to for putting together a great turnout tonight in Iowa ... on her birthday! Save me some cake! 
 "This is a country that is of, for, and by the people" 
  Debate Watch Party at Texas A;M. 
 is the only candidate who is calm, confident, honest and 100% comfortable in his own skin. Whatta 
  Sentiment as it stands; 67.3 61.2 60.7% 
 "The best policy is to get rid of all government subsidies and get the government out of our lives," says …
 is looking strong like the phenom in tonight's  

 “The PC culture… is destroying this nation,” says at 
  “I believe that our Constitution protects everybody regardless of their sexual orientation or any other as…
 both look strong 2night bobbled, scoring big/ How r  Carson and Trump looki…
 "...Its those people that are trying to divide us that are the enemies" 
 Drop the Mic
 And the panel is BOOED by the audience. "They know..."   
 Crowd boos CNBC moderator for a question directed to "See they know," Carson says. 
 is my guy!!!
 is Real!
 What I’m Reading: Ben Carson’s “A More Perfect Union”  via 
  on why his flat tax plan works.   
 "The government is not supposed to be in every part of our lives, and that's what's causing the problem" -
 Looks like is the only one actually listening to the other candidates answers.  Sincerity and thoughtfulness…
 keep me up in that!! Big night for Dr Carson
 I'm pretty sure was doing all of that math in his head. That dude is smart.
 Show your support for Ben by going to  and voting for him as the winner of 
 Thank you, for actually answering the opening question. 
 Go get em tonight Pulling for you my man.
We seek your counsel Lord, for you are the answer – use these hands to heal, clear minds to receive your inspiration and wisdom, revive us.
Carrying the momentum of We the People onto the stage -- and all the way to Washington DC!  
Carrying the momentum of We the People onto the stage -- all the way to Washington DC!  
Looking forward to carrying the momentum of We the People onto the stage -- make your voice heard by tweeting  now! 

 Can't wait until takes the stage tonight! 
The Carson Campaign Staff came up with a list of the top 10 things that you WILL hear at tonights 
Call Ben's Campaign Hotline for a special new message -- and download Dr. Carson's new app!  
On the  stage in Colorado -- anticipating a great night for We the People! 
  just showed up in the media room. Everyone wants to talk to him.   
  debate hasn't started yet, but has already won!!!
 comin to Colorado tonight! Let's win this state!! 
Our first  in-flight broadcast! En route to Colorado for the 
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet.  
 So looking forward to GOP debate tonight. Passion, truth, conviction and character; pulling for !
 thank you for being a positive role model and someone I can look up to. looking forward to watching you in t…
 as you can see from polls, character counts.  So does substance sir! Good Luck-pullin for ya 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Thank you for the support as We the People stand together heading into tonight's   
 Loving the fresh mountain air up here in Colorado! Good for the carburetor. Make sure to catch Ben tonight at the CNBC 
 Super excited that Liberty has an official debate watch party set up for tonight.  

We the People standing strong in the  "Carson ; Trump Lead GOP In TX CBS 11 Dixie Strategies Poll" 

  I support Title 1 funding to lift poor inner-city ; rural schools, NOT pooling property tax receipts. 
A little pre-debate prep with former  Light Heavyweight Champ and team. Great sparring partner! 
  receives an endorsement from former UFC fighter 

 Poll: seizes national lead over  has more: 
  on "[People are] thinking 'Do I think he has the moral fortitude to lead this country? Yes.'" 
 Happy  Check out this great picture of Candy and Team Carson in Iowa!  
"Carson now up by double digits in Iowa"  via
"Why Ben Carson Can Win":  via
A great read about health care solutions by Dr. Scott Atlas:   

  is leading by 14 points in the new Monmouth poll 
We recognize those serving in the Armed Forces and the sacrifice of their loved ones. Thank you!  
 I highly recommend "One Nation" by He is just phenomenal. So brilliant, so classy ; most importantly, a God-…
 If nothing else, has proven that popularity in the polls does not depend upon mudslinging, arrogance an…
"Ben Carson: I’d Relish General Election Matchup with Hillary, the ‘Poster Child’ of Dishonesty"  via
We're on Pinterest! Another great way to keep up with what's happening on the campaign.  
 Poll shows has an astronomical 84% favorable rating from likely Iowa Republican caucus-goers. 
Sign up today for  Students on over 2,000 campuses are working to  our nation. 

 Coming up at the top of the hour on 
 Tomorrow on will talk all things 2016. Tune in to  at 2p and 6p ET. 
 Among youngest supporters, baby Carson Hildreth 
A small reminder of the big impact We the People have made in the last week. Together, we will  
 TOMORROW: joins on  plus we have  members ; 
Thanks to the gentlemen of ; all I met at  U. today as we work together to  
A great time connecting with students outside Alpha Gamma Rho at  University today! 


 in line waiting to meet 
 For the second time in two days, polls ahead of in Iowa  
 Drove up from College of the Ozarks and now waiting in line to meet So excited to meet this great man! 
Team Carson chalking the sidewalk for an event at Sign up for   
"Ben Carson Edges Ahead of Donald Trump in Latest Iowa Poll"  via
 Such an honor to meet you!
"Carson pulls ahead of Trump in Iowa poll"  via
 Long line continues to run out of bookstore and down the sidewalk for signing. 
 One woman tells at book signing in Tulsa, OK that it's "the first time I've been excited about a candidate in…
Thank you for the support Iowa!  
 Couple hundred people, some since 3 a.m. to meet at Barnes ; Noble. Line has moved inside store 
"CNN: Ben Carson knocks Donald Trump from top spot in Iowa"  via
 Carson climbs topping Trump in GOP  Bush Tied In Sixth Place    htt…
Thank you for the support Wisconsin!  
"Carson passes Trump in Wisconsin"  via
We put our first  bumper sticker on a car in St. Thomas Virgin Islands! Thanks for the pic Vince. 
I love seeing all of the pictures that you send and I try to share as many of them as I can. Thanks for the support! 
Love spending time with my grand niece -- precious lives like hers are why we need to  our nation. 
 Store in Edmond, OK ran out of books for signing so store is hauling them from a warehouse across town.Store …
 Been trying to get up to 88 MpH so I can see the future when Ben is elected President, but I'm not as fast as a Delorean.…
We the People are uniting to  our nation! Thanks to all of our supporters who met in Sacramento. 
Thank you to all the medical professionals who give so much of themselves, every day, to  
  if you're watching   
  2 book tour stops in N.  attract big crowds.   
It's been awhile since I've seen this footage, but I'll always remember the precious lives I've been able to touch. 
Great news to hear we won the Alabama Federation of Republican Women's Presidential Straw Poll -- thank you for the support ladies! 
 Thank you for signing my books, Dr. Carson! 
 Happy Birthday, Champ!
 In  700 people line up to get their books signed by  presidential candidate 
 Spotted at book signing in TX, American bobsledder 

Just reached 120,000 followers on Instagram. Thanks to We the People for all of the support! Click here to follow: 
 Mgr in  estimates crowd of more than 1,000 people to have book signed by 
 No sign of line letting up anytime soon to see  
Let your silence be heard. Be a voice for the voiceless.  
 Overflow crowd for continues to grow outside in  for his book signing. 
Latest news from the Carson Campaign Team. 
It's easy to see why Texas is exceptional after meeting with its Governor   
For those with a question as to "secret service" protection, neither my team nor I are in the habit of commenting on security.
 So someone carved a pumpkin and hand delivered it to him at signing. Reads: "Heal, inspire, revive." 
 Welcome to We are proud of all you have accomplished, and all that you stand for!
  is catching up to  in   
 Couple hundred in line for book signing at CostCo in Austin. 
Thank you Georgia for the support and to for coordinating the   
"Ben Carson to Congress: Exercise Your Authority or Be Run Over"  via
Thank you for all the support from the  Once again, We the People standing strong together   
Looking forward to being on with tomorrow morning. Tune in!
Sign up today for  to find out how you can make a difference in your campus community! Click here: 
"Carson surges to first place among Iowa evangelicals"  via
It's official! We registered and filed in Alabama! Candy had a great time while there!  
Meet my new friend, Brandi, whose inspiring gesture moved me beyond words. Read here:  
Latest news from the Carson Campaign Team. 
 The Republican with the most third quarter cash raised? 
Thanks for the great picture Hayley!  Horns! Sign up today for   
 That insanely awesome moment when you find out that is coming to Pensacola!  
  “This is the United States of America, not the divided states of America.”  
Getting ready to join  on at 10PM -- make sure to tune in!
Tonight, Ben's team has a message waiting for you -- call 772-BC2DC16 (772-222-3216) to hear Craig Aven's song "Great Physician"! 

Latest numbers in PA: "Carson 52, Trump 38" -&gt; 
I'll be on with at 10PM (ET) tonight -- make sure to tune in!
Thank you to Chaplain Peter Mueller for praying at the opening of our Urbandale, Iowa campaign office. 
Candy is having a blast meeting supporters throughout Iowa -- best part is reading to Jordan Creek Elem. students! 
I appreciate the responsibility of our young adults as they represent our next generation. Thanks for this!
  "Of course all lives matter, and all lives include black lives."  
Looking forward to being on  with tonight at 9:00 PM. Tune in!

 If they made floaties my size, I would come and join you! Thanks for the great vacation pic!  
Latest poll has us beating Clinton by 11 points nationally - the biggest lead of any GOP candidate.  
"They (the Left) Really Hate Ben Carson" 
Let our words and actions reflect the dignity of each person. United, we can  and start encouraging -- lift someone up today!
Our Campaign Staff's "Top 10 Things You Won't Hear" at tonight's 
Check out the latest Poll: "Carson giving Trump a run for his money in GOP race" | 
 New poll shows just 1% below in GOP nominee preference.  
 Proud to support in good old NC   😁😁😁 
Thank you for your continued support!  
 New Fox News poll: ; are beating 
Today is 240th birthday of the  Thank you to all of the brave men and women that serve!  
  The Constitution is there to protect people's liberties and limit federal government.  
Endowed by our Creator with certain unalienable rights. Among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. 
A great picture of Mike, an organic farmer in Mission, SD. Thank you for all that you do!  
 My second cousin was a harvester. Thank you to all of the farmers! 
It's  Thanks to all of the hard working Americans that make our nation grow!  
Sign up today for  We may be coming to your school sometime soon! 
"Ben Carson’s Response to PC Outrage Is Smarter than Trump’s"  via
Sign up for  to learn about how you can make a difference! We may be coming to your campus soon! 
 On responded to a GQ article that viciously attacked him.  
"Latest Poll: Donald Trump, Ben Carson hold onto top 2 spots": 
 The crowd to see is winding through the shelves at this Books-A-Million in Rock Hill 
  responds to the GQ article penned about him called, "F*** You Ben Carson."
  "People are criticizing for actually having a brain and using it."  
 😂😂😂👌🏽 I love  
Thanks, Hillary.
Visiting with my niece Christina and her rescue dog Bella in NYC. 
Our future lives in the hands of We the People. Together, we will  our great nation.  
  “That’s what I’ve spent my life trying to do – provide life.”  
According to "Carson beats Hillary in key swing states Pennsylvania and Ohio" 
  would beat Clinton, Biden, Sanders in Ohio and Pennsylvania, new poll shows  
Good people doing good things. Please remember to  
 "I don't believe in political correctness." -  
  on "No other Republican puts up those kinds of numbers in an imaginary race w/ 
 Join our team! Sign up today for  Click here: 
 WATCH: discusses his comments about the Oregon shooting on 
Please consider helping those affected by the   
Join me and help our friends in SC. Donate to the Salvation Army's Flood Relief Fund:   
 Candy Carson on 2016 race: is doing something he feels called to do.  I’m with him 100 percent. 
Join me and help our friends in SC. Donate to the Salvation Army's Flood Relief Fund:   
 TONIGHT on  weighs in on the gun-control debate, latest 2016 polls ; more. Tune in, 9p ET.
Building strong relationships will  our nation. 

Latest poll has us in first place in Iowa. We the People continue to surge!  
 Coming up next: Republican presidential candidate and his wife, Candy, join us LIVE. 
  
"Poll: Trump, Carson Tied for Lead as Pennsylvania Republicans Want Outsider for President" 
Very excited that my new book, A MORE PERFECT UNION, is out today. For details and book events visit 
  takes the lead in a new national 2016 poll.  
  is on  NOW! Are you watching?
We are the first GOP Presidential candidate to qualify for the ballot in Washington DC. Another step forward for We the People! 
My thoughts and prayers alongside our nation as we stand with  families, friends and loved ones.

This week we launched our Medical Professionals Coalition. Click here to find out more:   

Please Join Me in Telling the IRS to Revoke the Tax Exempt Status of CAIR. Sign My Petition Today!  
Please Join Me in Telling the IRS to Revoke the Tax Exempt Status of CAIR. Sign My Petition Today!  
"Why we should take a closer look at Ben Carson"  via
 Driving across America paying off. in the pole position in this poll! 
  “I am a Christian” photo now has more than 721K likes on Facebook — it’s only been up for 5 hours.
Yes,  
Today we launched our Medical Professionals Coalition. Click here to find out more:  
 View from above ; hits this stage soon for a healthcare town hall at Des Moines Community College 
  is about to unveil his medical professionals coalition here in Ankeny, Iowa 
"Ben Carson talks about his career, his faith and his campaign"  via
Thank you for the great opportunity as we continue to  
Thanks for your support Jordan! Stay connected as part of our team at Students for Carson:  
Great to see everyone at  
 This just happened at  Thanks Dr. Ben Carson for a message laced with grace and humility. 
Thank you to all who  -- "Ben Carson shatters records with $20M raised for campaign"  via
A pleasure to meet and his lovely wife in  New Hampshire. 
  got mobbed by the overflow crowd awaiting him after they missed his event at earlier.  
  has concluded his event at  More  events ; info:   
 The room is filling up for the Town Hall Meeting. Event starts at 3:30 pm.   
 Another candidate stops at  today! will be in Huddleston Hall @ 3:30. Follow for live tweets. 
We the People continue to grow! Thank you for making us the  Presidential campaign on Facebook! 
Looking forward to joining on  tonight at 9 PM. Tune in! 
Sign up today for  Education is the key to a brighter future! Click here: 
Thank you to local law enforcement in Greensboro, NC and to all of the brave people who protect our nation! 
Great to see everyone at Berean Baptist Church.  
  shaking hands with supporters after speech 
 Pretty impressive line at event. Doors don't open for 45 min. 
We must unite to  this nation for our next generation. 
Thank you for showing me around today.  
 "The King" Richard Petty met up with presidential hopeful at  
Thanks to all of the hard working people that are building a stronger America!  
  makes an unplanned stop in Lexington, NC at a BBQ joint and tries hush puppies for the first time 
 Ben and I got to meet race car driver Richard Petty! I don't usually let strangers drive me, but I made an exception. htt…
  tours Richard Petty's Victory Junction on an overcast day here in North Carolina 
Great to see everyone in Northern Virginia for the rally!  
Support My Presidential Campaign with a Donation and I'll Send You a Free Hat! 
Support My Presidential Campaign with a Donation and I'll Send You a Free Hat! 
Support My Presidential Campaign with a Donation and I'll Send You a Free Hat! 
Support My Presidential Campaign with a Donation and I'll Send You a Free Hat!  
Support My Presidential Campaign with a Donation and I'll Send You a Free Hat!  
Support My Presidential Campaign with a Donation and I'll Send You a Free Hat!  
" Poll: Clinton popularity drops, Carson gets high marks" | 
"Carson, Fiorina, Sanders Gain Ground in Primary Races, Poll Shows"  via
Join me in the Fight to Defund Planned Parenthood.  


  at Value Voters Summit – LIVE on C-SPAN3   
  will join on  to discuss his comments on Muslims ; his steady rise in 2016 polls. 
I will be on the tonight at 8:00. Tune in!
Pictures from my trip to Capitol this morning to see Thanks to for having me as his guest. 
I am having a rally in Sterling, VA this Sunday, September 27! I hope to see you there! Click here to RSVP: 
My op-ed: "This Is How to Compete With China"  via
I am delighted to have had the opportunity to hear share his message of faith and love today in our nation's Capitol. 
Latest poll from has us winning 49-42 over Clinton. Highest favorables among leading candidates.   
"Poll: Trump steady, Carson, Fiorina, Bush up after GOP debate"  
 New on  side has leading at 26% with at 18% ; at 9% 
Thank you to everyone who came to our rally in Jackson, Michigan!  
Great crowds in Findlay, OH! 
 A look at the crowd here in Michigan for 3,500 people according to Jackson County Sheriff's Office 
 This crowd is really excited to see here in Michigan.  
 Here's some of the crowd waiting for in Michigan.  
 The Jeremiah Chapel is packed for rally this afternoon! 
Looking forward to being on the  tonight at 9. Tune in!
Thank you to everyone who came to my rally today at  
 LIVE NOW: attends rally at Cedarville University in Ohio  
Saddened to see that the Senate has blocked a bill that would have increased protection of innocent life. All life is worth protecting.
  greets supporters after his rally in Sharonville. 
Great crowd today in Sharonville, Ohio! Thank you!  
 Watch LIVE: Rally for Presidential hopeful in Sharonville    
 The stage is set for Ben Carson who will be speaking in Sharonville. 
 The line to get into the Sharonville Convention Center to see at 10:30 am rally. 
 turn on Fox News: is on in 5 minutes 
Best wishes to moving forward.
 . will be guest tonight at 10pm on Fox News Channel
I'm coming to Sharonville, OH on Tuesday 9/22. Sign up here to join We the People:   
Making sure We the People stand out in a crowd.  
650,000 Twitter followers. Thank you! 
"Excitement high among Republicans for Ben Carson's visit to Jackson"  via
Looking forward to visiting Jackson, Michigan on Wednesday. I hope to see you there! Click here for details: 
 On my way to the Buckeye State this week! Tuesday, Ben and I will be in Sharonville and Cedarville. Find out more: 
I will be on with tomorrow. Tune in!
A photo from one of our campus debate watch parties. Sign up today for   

"Poll: Carson edges Trump as most likely to win GOP nomination"  via
 Great to have Dr. Ben Carson as our featured speaker for today's Healthcare Summit! 
  will hold rally here on campus next Tues 9/22. Ticket info at  
Looking forward to being on the tonight! 
Happy  "We the People of the United States..." will  
"Ben Carson, Donald Trump top Michigan poll of Republican presidential candidates"  via
"The secret to Ben Carson’s quiet rise: Likability"  via
We fought for Carly to be included in the debate. Political outsiders are winning the conversation.  via
  joins me NOW on  – tune in. 
I will be on  tonight at Midnight (ET). 
 This is the scene in the  as  faces reporters after   
A leader that understands what you say is important – not how loud you scream it. We the People won the  tonight. 
  are out in force tonight!  
 
  “Our children will have no future if we put our heads in the sands” on issue of global jihadists 
  It's time the government gets out of the way and let the people be the ones to decide how they want to ru…
   “If we don’t seal the border, the rest of this stuff really doesn’t matter” 
 Dr. Carson: "I in no way am willing to get in the bed with special interest groups or lick the boots of billionaires" 
  We have incredbile immigration problem..need to look at something that works.If we dont seal border rest doe…
 go get em Dr Ben!
 The stylistic difference between Donald Trump and Ben Carson is roughly the size of the Grand Canyon. 
 Why aren't you studying? Oh, yeah...you're watching Ben at our  debate watch party! 
  Reason I got involved in this race is I’m very concerned about the future of our children
  explains why he had decided to run for president.  
Please Endorse Me For My Presidential Campaign and I'll Send You a Free Bumper Sticker!  
Once more, I step aside Lord, let your voice resonate above all.
Support My Presidential Campaign with a Donation and I'll Send You a Free Hat! 
Looking forward to the  starting in just a few minutes. Watch LIVE:  via
Looking forward to  tonight at 8PM (ET). More about "Why" I am running here:  
 stops by the press filing room before the debate to the surprise of all. 
Two amazing milestones in one day as we just reached 3 Million Likes on Facebook and 600K followers on Twitter in one day! 
 I just tried to Google search "Ben Carson's bus" -- tell me I'm not the only one to ever search for themselves??? 
 Honk if you're ready to watch tonight at 8PM (ET) during the 
To all the aspiring minds in school across the country, remember to tag your pictures and videos with  tonight! 
We just reached 600,000 followers on Twitter. Thank you!
Support my Presidential Campaign with a Donation and I'll Send You a Free Hat!  
We're closing in on first place! "New Hampshire poll: Ben Carson within 4 points of Donald Trump"  via
Looking forward to joining on  tonight at 9PM (ET). Make sure to tune in! 
"Dr. Ben Carson leads Maryland GOP straw poll"  via
My op-ed: "The Hope and Change America Needs" 
"Today in Politics: In New Poll, Ben Carson Pulls Up Alongside an Idling Donald Trump"  via
 A new poll shows on Trump in NH. Watch  today at 4p ; 8pE  
Ben Carson: Veterans health care needs bold reform - I know from inside  via
Candy got to meet with some great people this weekend in New Hampshire.  
"Ben Carson visits Ferguson with a call to get past race" 
 I had just enough room for these amazing supporters at Living Word Outreach Church, IA!  
  joins on from South Carolina. Tune in! 
 Turn on now! Our OTR special '2016: The Outsiders' starts in 5 minutes!
 TOMORROW: We'll talk to about his latest polling numbers ; more.

We will 
Please Endorse me for my Presidential Campaign and I'll send you a Free Bumper Sticker!  
Join me to bring healing and inspiration to Washington D.C.! Together, we can be the change America needs.   

An amazing crowd of over 6,500 people at our rally in Anaheim this afternoon. Thank you for the support!  
 A look behind the curtain at the huge crowd that has turned out for the rally in CA 
  campaign rally in Anaheim, CA - LIVE online here:  
 The crowd waiting for in Anaheim, CA 
 Line wraps around the corner (and another corner, and another corner) for rally 
Come to our rally this afternoon at 2:30 (PT) in Anaheim, CA. Doors open at 1:30. RSVP here: 
 Ben Carson Rides Anti-Establishment Wave to Legitimate GOP Contender. reports: 
 Happening now: and together on stage. 
 People still filtering into a now packed ballroom here in San Francisco as supporters wait for 
Looking forward to speaking at our rally in Anaheim, CA tomorrow at 2:30 (PT). I hope to see you there! RSVP here: 
Dr. Ben Carson: 'The Ladders of Opportunity Are There'  via
"Non-confrontational style, social media aiding Ben Carson's surge in polls"  via
Common sense solutions from We the People, not the loudest rhetoric: Why Ben Carson is gaining ground in primary race 
Our apparel store is available for your campaign merchandise needs. Check it out now! Click here: 
Take a minute to sign up for  and send us pictures of your college supporting Ben. Sign up here: 
Thank you for sharing this positive message to  Make sure to listen and share this positive song: 
 A big  'honk' for the great picture! Rolling across the country ready to  
Hi thanks for asking. Check out our new store for signs ; apparel here:  
During your break from school this  remember to make an impact and sign up for Students for Carson: 
Our store has finally arrived! Check out the latest apparel,   more! Click here: 
Great picture from our amazing team of supporters at the parade today in Fonda,  Let's keep it going  
 Come say hello to me and Ben at our rally: Anaheim Conv. Ctr., 9/9 at 2:30PM (PT). Doors open 1:30PM. RSVP here:  
Just passed 2.7M supporters on Facebook, 550K followers on Twitter! We the People are growing this movement every day 
Latest national only GOP candidate tied with Clinton, only declared candidate with positive favorability. 
We the People are gaining momentum.  
 Ben Carson runs best against Hillary Clinton out of  hopefuls: poll -  
 Ben Carson's the strongest GOPer in the general in our new national poll- ties Clinton at 44, leads Sanders 42/36: 
  is on the rise!  
Thanks for your support 
 …and thank you to and who spoke out in support of a fair debate process.
Big win for We the People! Pleased to see having an opportunity to have her voice heard at the debate.
Looks like a busy academic year! Remember to sign up for Students for Carson:  
Thank you  "Carson tops State Executive Committee straw poll"  via
Have a good first day of classes! Education is the key to a better future. Sign up now for Students for Carson: 
  popularity continues climb in Iowa, tied w/ in latest poll:  
 Ben Carson even with Donald Trump in Iowa: poll -   
 Latest IOWA GOP: tied. First poll since 7/26 where Trump did not own the lead 
 New Monmouth University poll shows tied for lead with in Iowa at 23%.
I was sad to hear about the passing of Dr. Oliver Sacks. He had a talent for simplifying complex neurological diseases. He will be missed.
Remember to tell your friends about Students for Carson! Sign up here:  
  edging close to front-runner in latest Iowa poll  
In case you missed it, here's my op-ed " Misfire" 
Latest  "Ben Carson Edging Close to Front-Runner Trump in Latest Iowa Poll" 
 So many treats to pick from at  Only problem is the popcorn always gets stuck in my grill!  htt…
Wishing all the best to students returning to school! Spread the word about Students for Carson. Sign up here: 
We the People uniting to  America. 
We hold the promise of a better tomorrow in our hands.  
  says personal responsibility lifted him out of poverty, could improve country:  h…
  kicks off the Freedom Festival Tent at  
 Make sure to catch up with at  Conference. Stop by and say "hi" at the Freedom Tent at 10…
Looking forward to speaking at the 2015  Conference at Noon. Meet and greet in the Freedom Tent at 10AM (MT). 
 Today's the day!  
The rain can't stop the momentum of We the People. An amazing crowd tonight in Colorado Springs!  
Despite the rain, we are still looking forward to seeing you for the rally tonight in Colorado Springs.
Ben Carson gains support as the other political outsider  
  Legacy is one of Hurt, Division, and Death 
An amazing crowd of over 3000 in Little Rock, Arkansas! Thank you so much for the wonderful support.  
  speaking to a great crowd in Little Rock! 
God Bless you Amelia Boynton Robinson.
Make sure to follow our bus for updates on where we're headed next.   
Had such a fun time with ; in the studio today! 
Thank you for having me on your show this afternoon.
LIVE on  Fun game of Operation!  
 Don't forget, is joining Dave in the studio today for an interview. Tune in at 3:30 PM ET right here: 
Congresswoman thank you for the warm welcome.   
My prayers go out to the family and their tragic loss this morning.
Looking forward to speaking with 
LIVE on  Having a great time in Birmingham, Alabama!!!  
Looking forward to speaking with the Republican Woman of Williamson County tomorrow at 11:00AM (CT). 
 A new South Carolina poll shows in 2nd place. He's on the rise,  on  
Looking forward to joining in the studio tomorrow at 3:30PM (EST). Make sure to tune in!   
 once again is dead on target with his USAToday article.
Thank you for the opportunity to speak at this year's  
 Dr. Ben Carson visits w/ Bobby Mac in Anderson at Jeff Duncan's Faith ; Freedom BBQ 
My op-ed:  misfire 
Catch my live interview with my friend right now:   
 What’s fueling the Ben Carson buzz? examines:  
Follow me on  for a special behind the scenes peak into my journey on the campaign trail! 
Make sure to read, in my own words. The facts matter. "Drone Exchange on CNN: ‘Read My Lips'"  via
Candy ; I had the joy of joining Rev. Charles Jackson for service this morning at Brookland Baptist in Columbia, SC. 
Bless the courageous act of these  American friends tackle,hogtie gunman aboard European train" 
Thousands rally on the streets of Falls Church, VA today to defend life ;  We must  the funding now! 
 Soft-spoken and nonconfrontational, is the quiet top tier contender   
 This Sunday on  is on the rise- will interview him live. Don't miss it! 
 There's a new top 4 on  with UP  Here's why ;  
 To me, biggest news in Wisconsin poll is Carson in 2nd. 
Same here.  "  on after giving him border tour: 'I was very impressed by him' 
Thank you, for your dedication to bringing much needed awareness about our border issues.  
No mountain too high!  
Big win for We the People -- "Huge Win for Ben Carson": 
Thank you  ranchers, sheriffs' diligence, awareness.  security is national security. 
  tours  with   sheriffs.  
 Rancher John Ladd talking to about wanting more Border Patrol agents close to the fence 
Heartbreaking stories, unbelievable frustration from  ranchers, County Sheriffs. Feds clearly the problem  
Latest NC Most popular GOP candidate. Strongest heads-up vs. Clinton. 2nd Overall GOP candidate.  
 Will make the playoffs? Hope so. Great message. David Davenport
It's a movement, and We the People are the momentum.   
 GOP candidate draws bigger crowd in Phoenix than Donald Trump  
Arizona  Rally recap via 
We the People stood strongly holding the banner of freedom high for all to see tonight.   
 re: ISIS - "I'm a peaceful person - but it doesn't make any sense to sit around and let somebody wipe you out."
  Says everyone paying taxes on 10% of their income - no exemptions, no deductions - is best plan. 
  says the only thing needed to balance the federal budget is not raise spending for 3-4 years. Also say…
 AZ GOP Chairman says 12,000 people attending rally. I haven't been able to confirm but the hall is packed. 
  says - "We need to reduce the size of our Govt. which is absolutely ridiculous" Gets long round of applause.…
  says passing federal debt onto next generation is immoral
 AZ GOP Chair Robert Graham says almost 12K are here for He's urging everyone to vote in primary.
 Crowds begin filing in to hear speaking tonight at 6pm convention ctr.   
 Podium where will speak to supporters convention Ctr at 6pm tonight.   
 Over 12 thousand people have RSVP'd for the Rally in Phoenix, AZ tonight , per campaign source. Wow.
 Crowds lining up convention Ctr to hear speak at 6pm tonight.  
 draws about 2,000 people to Rotary Park during  visit  
Correction -- it's actually over 1,000 engaged residents and supporters in Durango!  
A crowd of over 500 enthusiastic supporters and engaged citizens here in Durango, Co.  
 TONIGHT: GOP presidential hopeful in    
 Pres. Candidate to visit Durango CO to talk  spill ; what he calls "fails" of  
I'll be joined by community leaders ; residents as 1st Pres. candidate for much needed visit to  Durango, CO  tomorrow
Looking forward to a packed crowd at  Convention Center.   
  reports rally moves to the Phoenix Convention Center 
 UPDATE Details on rally Tuesday in  
Join me, community leaders ; residents in Durango, CO to address the  issue ; the failures of the  
 Check out "Dr. Carson Arizona Rally"  via
  highlights upbringing during  speech.  
Exclusive — Ben Carson To Tour Border After Phoenix Rally  via
Moving the country in the right direction with Americans like the Lock Family who drove from KC, Missouri.  
Surviving the Sky Glide was only half the fun at  Having a great time here grounds. 
Great to speak with hard working Americans at the  today.  
 After flipping pork chop, goes for ride on  Sky Glider with  
  greeting  today at  
  prepares to interview after he finishes   
Thank you to  crowds. No matter the issues, we can work together for common sense solutions  
  State Fair crowd enjoying speech. The lesson of 2016 seems to be: Be Different 
It's "United" States for a reason. Americans work together with God given gifts for common sense solutions.  
  says politicians "want to get reelected. I want to save our nation." 
 . agrees w/ He's as high-energy ; engaged in a traditional way as I've seen him. 
 Impressive crowd for at  soap box, starting now. 
Getting ready to speak on the  at  Here:  
The right idea at  Funnel cakes are right next to the iced tea stand.  
The crowds at  are truly amazing. Almost feels like a game of "Where's Ben?"  
  stopped by our booth and signed up for our pro-manufacturing campaign 
Thank you to Dave and Brenda for driving all the way from Idaho to show their support at   
We can now name the winner of the GOP debate: Ben Carson 
I am deeply saddened to learn about American civil rights leader  May we continue to honor him for his contribution to society.
 The latest Polls have ; as the top 3 among GOP Primary Voters.  ht…
 Big presence here. 
 Must-see discusses 2016 and his strategy. Watch at 2p/6p ET. 
It leaves a bad taste in your mouth, that's  I'm interested in working with We the People.   
Looking forward to seeing We the People at the  tomorrow! 
 Woohoo! is in the house! What a nice man!    
 Best thing my mom taught me, "show me your friends ; I will show you your future!" 
 Applause when Ben Carson says most important thing his mom taught him was to not feel sorry for yourself  
Good music and great people in the Palmetto State.  
Looking forward to joining  
We the People are the depth of this organization that will  this nation.   
In Nevada today taping at with Be sure to catch the show this Monday at 5:30pm! 
Represent your school and help educate America. Join Students for Carson! Here:  
My thoughts are the American people are listening, not to career politicians, but common sense solutions  
  The stuff I’m talking about has nothing to do w/ Republicans or Democrats, it has to do w/ America. 
Thanks for continued support from hard-working  supporters making us  strawpoll.   
  Tackles Race Issues in Harlem, Calls for Family ; Faith   h…
Thank you and blessings to The Sisters of the Precious Blood Monastery in  Manchester, NH.  
 2016 Watch: covers at Puritan Backroom in Manchester   
  " made a big impact without the theatrics... He wants people to come together." 
We the People will  this nation. 
Make sure to tune in to  I will be on with on tonight.   
   has stayed up in the top 3 or 4 in the polls for months.”  
Politicians tend to do what is politically expedient. I'm not a politician, I want to do what is right  
Latest CNN  Poll has us  in Iowa at 14% and  candidate that best represents the values of  voters: 
Thank you    
In  today discussing people investing in other people. Restoring American communities  
Bold. Proportional. Common sense.   
Make sure to tune in as I join 'Your World' w/  today 4PM (ET) on FNC.   
 Tonight speaks to on 'Making Money' - tune in at 6p ET on  
Looking forward to speaking with today 2:10 (ET) on Listen here:   
The American people are waking up, tired of status quo. We the People have the power to invest in ourselves  
  on War on Poverty: "Everything that was supposed to be better is not only worse, it's much worse!"
 TUNE IN ALE!  will be on Kilmeade ; Friends @ 11:10.  Listen live: 
It's common sense.   
 Want to know more about Republican candidate​? Watch Varney today at 9 AM Eastern. 
 “We are not going to survive if we continue to stick our heads in the sand" ... on America's future
 Coming up NEXT! is in studio LIVE! 
 Good Medicine: The strongest Republican against Clinton in the state is who leads her 44/40. 
Have you watched my latest 'operation'? You can find video of it here: 
Thank you    
Movement requires action. For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. Mine is positive.   
Our hands are meant to  
It is We the People that have made this possible. The 'can-do' attitude that is so distinctively American.  
 2016 GOP candidate on abortion, social media surge:  
Wisdom is the proper application of knowledge. 
It's content of character that is the true measure. 
  "Politicians say wonderful things during election, but don't do anything."  
 Don't miss next on  
Freedom isn't free. via "Ben Carson's Powerful Closing Statement is Causing a Buzz for One Simple Reason" 
Make sure to tune in as I join on FNC tonight at 10PM (ET). 
It's time for  Here: "An unexpected Republican candidate is surging big-time after debate" 
 PPP poll of Iowa: Trump 19, Carson 12, Walker 12, Bush 11, Fiorina 10 
Thank you  for your support.   
 Highest favorables in PPP  poll? That would be 
Driving across the nation ready to  
Thanks to the many families in Iowa for sharing the weekend with us.   
Many thanks to  for making the weekend so fun!  
That star-spangled banner yet wave in Council Bluffs, IA.  
We had a great time in Council Bluffs, IA.  
 Now on Republican presidential candidate
Thank you to all the families in Des Moines, IA for a fun Family Festival!  
A crowd of over 1,000 at our Family Festival in Cedar Rapids, IA today. Thanks for sharing in the fun!  
My only obligation is to the American people. That is my special interest.   
Check out this article: "Who won debate night on social media? That would be Ben Carson". 
 COMING UP at 3p ET - will talk to on  
 Visiting my about-to-be-90 grandmother, asked her about the debate. Turns out she's become a big fan, says…
I will be joining at 3PM (ET) on Make sure to tune in.  
Congratulations to our good friend for being inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame- Ben ; Candy 
 Look ; Top searched candidates today on 1) 2) and 3) 
 Post debate growth on TwitterCarson +24KRubio +11KBush +6KWalker +6KCruz +6KKasich +5.9KTrump +5KPaul +5KHuckab…
Who Is Ben Carson? GOP Debate 'Winner' A Neurosurgeon Looking To Prove Political Expertise  
Ben Carson’s Gentle, Virtuous Rhetoric Elevated the GOP Debate  via
New Poll out says we won the debate!  | Gravis Poll: Republicans Say Ben Carson Won  
 Still thinking about the wise words of at last night's debate. Class. Character. Christ follower. 
  received 250,000 new followers after last night’s   
Thank you.  
 Snap poll from says the debate winner was... 
 Dr. Ben Carson is sorta amazing..
 Advantage
 Caught the last 30 mins of the debate. Impressed by last couple of statements - Dr. Carson was on poin…
 Joined now by
 Thank you so much!
 The biggest (pleasant) surprise in tonight’s  was Ben Carson.
  “The best closing statement was   
 Dr. Ben Carson on race: "The skin doesn't make them who they are...it's time for us to move beyond that."  
 GREAT LINES from ... the "baton of freedom."
 +1 
 Iowan Lynne Henry: "I have been holding on to a bumper sticker. I've been waiting to put it on my car.It's …
  "The skin doesn't make them who they are […] and it's time to move beyond that”  
  on foreign policy: "If we don't get the military right, nothing else is going  to work" 
 I love you Ben 
 "God's a pretty fair guy." --  GREAT line.
  'We need a significantly different tax system"
 Dr. Ben Carson says "there's no such thing as a politically correct war."  - 
 
  "We've gotten into this mindset of fighting politically correct wars" 
  Thank you Megyn, I wasn't sure I was going to to get to talk again  
 
May the Lord guide my words tonight, let His wisdom be my thoughts. 
  Could be winning the debate already? (85.6% positive social sentiment) 
 And the winner of our  bracket is  
 Many thanks Ariel!! 
 Thank you Andy!
 Had a blast working with in styling his outfit for his first Presidential Debate   
 daughter,Sydney, was inspired by Dr. Carson. Stitching the country back together with gifted hands! 
Just wanted to say good luck to all the  candidates taking the stage shortly for the First Debate at 5:00PM.
 Don't forget to vote in  bracket poll on the  ; in finals 
 go get 'em tonight Pulling for you my man.
My Pre  'ritual'.   
Supporter Question: "What's your most overused word?" My Answer: "Oh my..." A great day here at   
It's 'sweet' to be in the final  poll.  
Thanks for the picture, ready to go.   
 LISTEN LIVE TODAY 10:35ET: joins me to talk about his campaign ; Thurs. debate- htt…
Thank you I appreciate the compliment.  "Krauthammer on Carson: 'He's the tortoise [in the race]'" | 
Public officials should live by the same rules they set for the people, of the people and by the people. Watch here: 
In case you missed it, here is the video of me addressing  at the Voters First Forum in NH: 
 Roske on Politics this morning at 930a w and NYTimes' on
I'm with you. Let's make  common again.  
  meets and greets Saturday at  
Cold lemonade on a warm  Saturday.  
Must  funding  now! Read article: Planned Parenthood and the barbarity of America 
 thank you for your support champ!
 for President, for SecDef AG and as CoS or Press Sec ? HUGE step reclaimin…
Again, disingenuous practice of deception. Remove complicit legislators who impede  funding  
Latest video acknowledgment: "It's a baby". Recognize life and  funding  Sign the petition: 
Thank you and for your work to  the funding to  
 Ben Carson crushes Planned Parenthood 
Just because the  Straw Poll is cancelled doesn't mean the fun has to be!  
Put an end to career politicians. It's public service, not public privileged. Sign the  petition today! 
 Ben Carson courts House conservatives on Capitol Hill 
There is no freedom to pursue happiness without life.  funding  by signing our petition now! 
  on  “I encourage people to sign our petition… to de-fund it.”  
  “We want to teach people how to be responsible, not how to be dependent.”  
I'll be in the  speaking with tonight on at 6PM (ET). Make sure to tune in. 
 Don't miss in the  tonight on  on 
It's nice to know I've still got it! Watch my 'Operation' video here: 
I pledge to support a  Amendment to U.S. Constitution. No more career politicians in Congress.  
We must  funding political correctness and  
 TUNE IN: responds to release of third undercover  video. 
I will be appearing on  tonight at 9PM on
 has devalued the sanctity of life.  the funding, join the nearly 250K other signers now! 
Live -- Speaking with about  
So happy to see you Shyla. Like yours, we must remember each and every life saved is another  story 
Thank you for the opportunity to speak at  Rally. Passionate crowd ready to  funding now! 
Getting ready to speak about  funding. Watch  rally in D.C. here:  
Getting ready to speak at  Rally.  the  funding now.   by
Endowed by our Creator with inalienable rights, first and foremost is life.My  CNN Op-Ed: 
Over 200,000 petition signers:  funding! Put an end to  barbarism by signing the petition → 
 wants us to believe that abortions are only a small part of their business...Fine, quit performing them.  funding!
Please join me as I speak at the  Rally tomorrow in Washington D.C.  
Thanks for the amazing support not only in  but across this great nation.   movement is now! 
 Ben Carson will throw 3 family festivals in Iowa Aug. 8-9 with main one 5-8 pm on Court Ave. bridge in DM Aug. 8, aide…
My thoughts and  May the grace of God comfort you in these difficult times. The prayers of the nation are with you.
Thank you for joining over 150,000 petition signers demanding the funding must    
We must Stop Planned Parenthood  now! Sign the Petition by clicking here! →  
An 'ear-ringing' welcome! Every day, sharing the  message with  Watch here: 
Great picture! That t-shirt captures two things I love:  and music.  
Thank you for the great introduction.  
The  is the reason we still have our freedom.  
Candy ; I are on our way to Cleveland, but first we grabbed a true Washingtonian meal from  
Great to speak with our next generation of leaders.  
A great turnout tonight at Thank you all for your support.  
Economic growth is colorblind.  
Truly a great experience to engage with so many at  Thank you for the opportunity.  
Thank you to all the amazing  supporters! 
 refused special treatment as POW because of his patriotism. He became and is an American hero for his selflessness, bravery
 Ben Carson on handling the U.S. Budget: “i’m a surgeon, I know how to cut.” 
Join the over 100,000 who have signed the petition to STOP  Click here: 
Defend mothers ; precious lives in their wombs, not  woeful acts of amorality  
 COMING UP: Pediatric neurosurgeon and presidential candidate responds to  video. 
I will be joining tonight 9 PM (EST) to discuss  and  Domestic Terrorism.
Please join me as we pray for the 4  their families and all those involved. 
 . shows growth potential with small donors   on
Packed house ready to  in Marshalltown, Iowa today at The Fisher Community Center!  
Had a blast in the  state yesterday in Decorah at Chase The Adventure Hunt ; Gun Club!   
 will  this nation, call evil out by its name:  Sign the petition! 
 LIVE on  national security forum with in Dubuque, IA 
Make sure to watch as I discuss U.S.  today at 12PM (CT) via livestream.  
Looking forward to speaking about securing  interests and promoting stability abroad.  
I'm urging  to eliminate every last dime of  funding! Join me, sign the petition here:  
 and their enablers must be stopped from these barbaric practices. 
 brokered by almost certain to prove historic mistake, deadly consequences. My full statement: 
Congratulations to Vanessa, Samuel, and John -- the  essay contest winners!  
The  brokered by and  Admin almost certain to prove an historic mistake with potentially deadly consequences.
 In Vienna, world powers concede more and more to Iran. In Tehran, demonstrators burn American ; Israeli flags. 
Looking forward to chatting with at 2PM on 
Cutting taxes, spending, and government for   
Reagan:"Trust, but verify". Re:  we need to verify concessions! come clean, show all cards to 
 Administration complicit disregard for our laws, derelict in duty to protect American life ; property 
Congratulations on winning  great example of hard work and dedication.   
Enjoy your moment ladies! Congratulations and excitement for  being  
Speaking to today 4:00 PM (EST). I'm reading and I hope you are as well.  
Great to see at  today.  
I stand with my fellow patriots, ready to restore America to its rightful place -- into the hands of  
Above all, we must value the sanctity of  and answer the call to defend it.   
Defend the defenseless. We are the  for the voiceless.  
 up next to speak at the convention.  
 Ben Carson Signs Taxpayer Protection Pledge to the American People 
More than proud to have signed the Taxpayer Protection Pledge.   
Well said! 
 Presidential candidate is on the show today! Start streaming at 2 pm EST to catch him w/ …
Great to see Broken Ground School this morning in  state capital Concord, NH.  
Wrapping up a great day with  Barrington, NH Town Hall.  
I pledge to the American taxpayers, that I will oppose and veto any and all efforts to increase   
All threats, clear ; present, against US interests, require proper role ; responsibility of the US to present clear opposition to evil 
 WATCH LIVE: is speaking at the Politics and Eggs event:    
Great time at  with  crowd. 
Thank you for all your support. Keep reading, America.  
Thank you to  friends and supporters who helped make the evening so special.  NH: 
 Overflow crowd for in Nashua    
  ; wife Candy cut their 40th Anniversary cake in Nashua     via
  sings "Tie a Yellow Ribbon" at  event   
Surrounded by good food and great company here in   
Proud to celebrate our 40th Wedding Anniversary with so many  friends and supporters in  NH. 
 Line is out the door for the Anniversary party in Nashua     via
I couldn't be prouder of my wife and partner Candy.  
Congratulations  You have inspired 
Looking forward to watching ladies bring it home tonight as  time! 
I  in 
We hope your  went well everyone -- the pictures look great! 
Happy  everyone. 
Our youth are the next generation that will carry the banner of America.  Happy  
Our youth is our future, the future is bright, and We the People will   
 Watch an exclusive 1-on-1 interview did with tonight @ 7pm  
I appreciate all the amazing support.    
My latest  Campaign Update - 210,000 Donations! Congratulations to  Watch here: 
Great to meet  in  
Happy (early) birthday Liz! 
Happy  to our 8,000 friends north of the border!
 I'm proud to stand with YOU Susan. Thank you for your support.
Freedom isn't free. Liberty is like a muscle: it's best exercised daily   
July 1, 1776: Continental Congress passionately debates Declaration of Independence. Our Founding Fathers knew how to 
Congratulations Misty, your dedication and perseverance are on point!  
 GOP Pres candidate Ben Carson: "police need to be well protected. .but bigger issue is what to do about animosity between…
I'm about to address  Conference. Watch live here: 
America is a nation of diversity - we should encourage the opportunity to discuss these differences. Stop the hate.  
Straw Poll win @ WCS15 very gratifying. Truth;Honesty triumph over PC2: Political Class ; Political Correctness   !
Thank you again to all who attended.    
Maybe the best entrance ever at  Thanks to all who participated in my first GOP flashmob.  Watch here&gt; 
It was truly a great moment to be surrounded by so many passionate young adults. Keep up the enthusiasm! 
Lifting up the brave men and women  who have given so much on this 
Thank you to all my  rated supporters for the amazing engagement!   
Packed house at Lamoni Community Center says  -- your support will make it happen  
 Packed crowd for at the Tea Party of Southern Iowa 
Click the link for a short video of   
Smallest county in  -- Adams County packing a big punch --  about rural America! 
On our way to Corning Opera House,  in Adams County, a very special place! 
Make sure to watch me on  to discuss  ruling
 Great crowd gathered in tonight to listen in on our  conversation with 
 Listening in to phone conversation in  via   
Great to engage with such a large crowd waiting in line today. 
It was a pleasure to meet and greet so many in  at The Rand Community Center.  
Read my Op-Ed about today's   ruling here &gt; 
Unbelievable turnout at Fruited Plain Cafe in Sioux Center  Standing room only!  
 Pack house for Ben Carson this morning at Fruited Plain Caféin Sioux Center, Iowa. 
So glad to hear you're doing well. 
Orange City,  Steve Roesner, CEO, and I discuss the value of  
Those of us who pledge to repeal  must redouble our efforts and not waste time and energy mourning today's  ruling.
We must  and replace  with sensible consumer empowering solutions that remove govt from the patient/doctor relationship.
Deeply disappointed by  ruling. Fundamental increase of govt control. I'm working to ensure next Pres repeals and replaces 
Town Hall  meeting in Lyon County 
Rock Rapids in Lyon County, Iowa, first stop of the day! 
 CU surveyed a cross-section of our membership nationwide to get a sense of where they stand on 2016. Click here 
I remember my early days as a young medical student...nice scrubs! 
Now that is a  Thank you for standing with me ladies. 
You can never start too early, Bowen! 
I couldn't say it better myself... Adding a little fun during my speech Conference  
God fixes problems on the inside, not with a paint job.   by 
Lead by calling it like it is,  rather than divide we must  
My op-ed "Call it racism" &gt;   
Go  You are a true inspiration to all Americans! 
Happy Fathers Day everyone! 
The solution to our problems is to  TY Ben Carson Understands the Problem" 
A humbling experience while speaking  attendees get MY applause!   
Ready to speak at 
We pray for the unity expressed by Dr during her  conversation to  
Pleased to provide you an advanced copy to support my 2016 Presidential Campaign       
 Thanks for the follow Champ!
We must not be led by fear and hatred lest we travel a path divided. Our unity is our strength to  
My heart aches for the families of the  victims. I also pray you and I can conquer hatred.  
God Bless "Dr. Ben Carson Is More Accomplished Human Being Than Any Media Clown Could Ever Hope to Be" 
What an unbelievable turnout for our rally today at the University of Nevada Reno!   
Had a wonderful time in Sacramento with my friend at the Guild Theater in Oak Park. 
Just had an absolutely incredible southern home style meal at Patton's in Des Moines, Iowa with Ms. Pam's cooking!! 
Volunteering at the Northeast Iowa Food Bank in Waterloo, Iowa  
 Join us tonight on  as we continue our 'Presidential Contenders' series with  
Glad to join in Des Moines, Iowa! 
I gave the commencement speech at Benjamin S. Carson High in Detroit, MI today! So proud of the outstanding scholars. 
 I'm excited to announce that I'll be joined by for my annual Faith ; Freedom Rally on June 30th 
Looking forward to seeing my NC friends and supporters this morning at the Prayer Breakfast in Raleigh, NC!  
Excited to join today for the Roast ; Ride ... where pork fills your belly ; doesn't bust your budget!  
I'm more than honored to have my portrait unveiled at Johns Hopkins today!  
 with Cuba Gooding Jr.  
Donate today @ 
Hundreds of health insurers want rate increases over 10 percent for 2016 because of Obamacare. 
Had a great lunch earlier today with my friend Candace Salamone and her son John!  
Had a great lunch at Hickory Street Cafe in Abilene, TX! 
 Five Republicans, including tie for first in Quinnipiac 2016 poll  
Good Morning Dallas!
At the Country Club of Charleston for what was an awesome event honoring RNC National Committeewoman 
Obamacare providers want raises so they can lose less money --   via
Fun times this morning at with ; Dave Priest! 
Ice Cream Social in Myrtle Beach, SC!  
 
Happy Memorial Day - let us not forget those who defend our freedom! 🇺🇸 
WE MUST NOT FORGET! 
Great news from Georgia! "Dr. Ben Carson Takes 76 percent in Georgia GOP Chairmen Straw Poll" 
 come on man! It's time to stand up and fight with Ben Carson. Lady Liberty needs help
    Shenandoah Valley in Virginia supports you! 
Connect with me on   !!
Join us in Derry, NH Monday 4PM at the Halligan Tavern Function Room.  Meet and Greet hosted by the Derry GOP. Excited to return to NH!
 Thank you for visiting -- watch the video here:  
 had the honor of touring today. Both went away impressed. 
Call your Member of Congress ASAP to vote Yes on HR36 for Life!
Just landed in Denver, CO -- good laughs with these two incredible pilots! 
 Join me in praying for the families of MS police officers—Benjamin Deen and Liquori Tate—tragically gunned down in Hat…
Had a great time this morning at Blake's Family Restaurant in Manchester, NH! 
New Hampshire Rally! 
On the air with  
Speaking to K-5 students at Plantersville Elementary School in Georgetown County! 
I'm pleased the Senate just passed the Corker-Menendez bill requiring Congressional review of the administration's proposed treaty with Iran
Met with some Pastors ; community leaders from the inner city  
Got a chance to hear from some of my fellow Baltimore citizens today.  
Cedar Rapids was awesome! Thank you 
 Great news Thank you for your leadership. May you, Ms. Candy and your family have a blessed campaign h…
We ran into Sisters For Success (an amazing empowerment program for young girls) on the steps of the Capitol  
Had a cup of hot cocoa with some supporters this morning at Smokey Row in Des Moines 
 Joyce anderson, got to sign photo of her husband sigfrid, who was principle at carson's jr. High 
I'm in it!
Visiting the Charles H. Wright Museum of African American History in my hometown  
