 One on one interview with ; in  with a Big Blue backdrop! 
 Good to see you in-person this time!
As president, I will protect women’s fundamental rights and fight for women’s equality in our society. It is time to embrace the simple fact that women’s rights are human rights. 
Our deficits are projected to average a record $1.3 trillion a year - it is utterly shameful how irresponsible we are with our kid's future. Anyone who thinks this doesn't matter is just not being rational.  
There seems to be a misunderstanding among some Rs regarding succession. They keep saying Democrats want to "reverse" the 2020 election (as if Ds are disputing results with a recount).  As a point of clarification, if Trump were to be removed, Pence becomes POTUS, not Hillary...
 , you are either confused or maybe you know, deep down, your economy isn't helping working people, because it is not. When the economy is struggling or unemployment is high, the Fed lowers rates.  Not the other way around. 
Great discussion with Urban Dreams in Des Moines about how to create economic opportunity in struggling communities. We need to invest in early childhood, in skills training and infrastructure. But we also need incentives for businesses and entrepreneurs to create jobs.
Today is Holocaust Remembrance Day, which marks the liberation of Auschwitz 75 years ago. We must never forget the horror of  the Holocaust, we must always remember the 6 million Jews and other victims who were killed, and we must vow never again as we fight anti-Semitism.
 Happy Monday Iowa! The C-SPAN Bus stopped by Urban Dreams in Des Moines this morning and got a special message from
Heartbreaking news about the utterly tragic passing of the incomparable Kobe Bryant. May he Rest In Peace and God Bless him and his family. Life is so precious.
Late to Hall of Fame discussion but it's ridiculous Jeter missed unanimous by a vote.  But remember Hank Aaron missed unanimous by 9 votes ; Willie Mays by 23! That's TOTALLY absurd. Did you see those guys play? I did. Look up their unreal stats + they missed years bc of army.
It is up to the individual to "choose" if private insurance gives them more "choice" and they are totally capable of making that decision.  The right answer is to cover everyone (which a public option doesn't do) but allow them to "choose" private insurance if they prefer. 
As we observe some of the inadequacies of China's healthcare system in responding to this crisis, we should remember that despite the flaws in our own system (lack of universal access etc) our healthcare ; medical infrastructure is truly world class ; we are much better prepared
I agree. Tax deductions for charitable giving is good policy as would tax breaks for volunteering or caregiving. Solutions that encourage people contributing to society work.  
A carbon fee and dividend program can be bipartisan. How do I know this? Because I introduced a bill in Congress that does just that. It's the only real bipartisan legislation on climate.   
We need federal privacy laws now. I founded the AI caucus in Congress because we need to be thinking about how these technologies will impact our freedom, liberty and economy.  
 Happy to be in Concord for the CCSNH  10,000 Small Businesses forum! Chatting with voters, students, and small business…
A smart read from a few years ago by Ron Klain regarding stopping the next pandemic - today's coronavirus outbreak is both serious and a wake up call for what we need to do.  
As Qui Gon Jinn said "there is always a bigger fish" - and as it relates to $$$ Trump can't stand it! 
 Packed! The Old Armory BBQ in Decorah is overflow to see . A great visit today in the middle of a snowstorm…
 One at a time- door knocking in Decorah with Come join us at 5p at Old Armory BBQ!  
 They love at ! We’re hosting dinner at 5p at Old Armory BBQ - come join us! 
 We love ! This is the literal welcome team for s talk here at 2p- come join us! Also Old Arm…
An example of how science based policy can work: Ozone-Depleting Substances Caused 1/3rd of Global Warming Between 1955-2005 but we have now addressed this with good policy and global cooperation. Let's use the same approach with CO2 
There is a humanity to Joe Biden that is uncommon in politics, which explains why people - both supporters and opponents - admire him. 
 No presidential candidate has worked rural Iowa harder than John Delaney! West central Iowans can see him again at 5 p.m.…
 A full house here at the Owls Nest in Panorama! Tomorrow we’ll be in Elkader at 11a, West Union at 1230p, Luther College…
 Hello Jefferson ! We’re knocking doors and inviting folks to join us in Panora at the Owls Nest at 5p 
 Hello Dana! In honor of our state directors awesome wife were knocking every door here in Dana, Iowa. Come join us tonig…
 Hello Fort Dodge! Owner of Mark Campbell introduces to a great crowd of caucusgoers. Join…
I really like ; respect Matt Laslo - he's a great reporter - but I don't agree with this take.  Print journalism has done a very good job in Trump era (cable, not so much) and they need to keep doing their job - report the facts ; make CLEAR the difference b/w news ; opinion. 
 Here we go! Team departing for Fort Dodge and Amigos restaurant for our noon event- come join us! Then 5p i…
By any measure (poverty rate, disease, condition of life) the world gets better every single year. This rarely gets acknowledged in politics.  It does not get better for everyone and we have huge issues to deal with but unless we acknowledge progress we can't make more.
I have great team members. 
 One of the great Iowa links to history: late brother Tom Offenburger served as the communications director…
 Press gaggle after the Brown ; Black Forum in  
 On stage now: speaks at the Brown ; Black Forum in  - click here to watch: 
 Tune in at 2p to watch at the Vice Brown ; Black Forum: 
 Here are the Democratic presidential candidates in order of their appearances. What questions are you hoping they'll answer…
 Hello Albia! Last night spoke for the campaign at the Monroe County Democrats fundraiser. Here she is w…
The best way for us to honor the extraordinary life and singular contributions of Dr. King is to model ourselves on the values he embraced - nonviolence, service, compassion, and courage - and work to end poverty, racism and live a life in service to others.
 Watch live- speaking at in   
2/2 Whatever adjustment are needed will be minor, will be done on a bipartisan basis and will not hurt the program. Why? Because Social Security works and no Congress would ever vote to hurt the program because they would all lose their seats in the next election. Period
1/2 Social Security is perhaps the most successful domestic program ever; it is extraordinarily popular, it may be our greatest anti-poverty program and enjoys significant bipartisan support. It is also solvent (more $ has been paid in historically than taken out).
Great to attend Mass today in Albia with John Judge. Thanks for having me and I enjoyed the beautiful St. Mary's and the lovey service.
"Who am I to judge" - Pope FrancisWe live in a world that is increasingly judgmental and harsh and lacking in compassion. It prevents us from making real progress because it is corrosive force to our discourse and prevents us from working together for the common good.
It's funny how things get repeated  
 Loving these excellent photos from in the of and team. Thank you for coming along…
 Soups on in Story County! 200+ Democrats braved an incredibly cold night in Iowa to see and others talk abo…
This is, unfortunately, an accurate analysis of McConnell's approach. All the more reason not to lose sight of the real prize: the 2020 election. We need to follow the same winning formula we had in 2018: back moderate "big tent" candidates.  
Trump said "Who the hell cares about the budget?" Obviously, the GOP doesn't. Yet the whole time I was in Congress and Obama was President all we heard from Republicans was about the budget and spending!  Hypocritical and irresponsible.  
Maybe that's the original problem: Trump didn't eat enough vegetables as a kid! How can anyone think kids should eat more pizza and less vegetables?   
 Ankeny Democrats are canceling their annual fundraiser that was set for tonight due to weather. Warren and Delaney were…
I had a great time chatting at the 2020 Candidate Café Special with Watch here: 
 Dear Iowa: stay home! Even Big Blue had to pull over as the county roads are covered and short visibility. Our 2p event…
 Join at the Womens March in Iowa on 1/18, your support means so much to us during this vital month in Iow…
 . speaking in Manchester about economic opportunity and how to build a better future.   htt…
 Hey Iowa we're coming to you! We've got 20 more stops on our 'Send A Message' tour with Come join us! 
The adult just entered the room.... 
Wouldn't it be great if we just did the easy stuff? Doubling the earned income tax credit ; launching a $1 trillion infrastructure program are both popular ; doable ideas that would materially ; immediately help workers. Instead, we fight about stuff that will never happen.
Last night, the candidates’ discussion of trade policy was missing three letters: TPP.A half-dozen people on the stage, and every one of them is wrong about trade, something that President Barack Obama got right. 
 On healthcare, all of the candidates on the stage are wrong. Universal healthcare is the right answer but making private i…
2 conclusions from my Send a Message Tour.  First, small Iowa towns really appreciate that we keep showing up ; talking about their issues. Second, I'm blessed with a great team on the ground in Iowa (and in MD/NH). They punch above their weight ; make this journey real ; fun! 
 On the trade question, all of the candidates on that stage are wrong and Obama was right.  We should get back in the Trans…
The consensus is that the debate was low energy with frontrunners playing it safe ; the others not breaking thru. This is a result of DNC debate rules. A second stage would have created a more dynamic environment with candidates pressing the leaders ; adding much needed diversity
Last night we heard either ideas that make no sense or people who are afraid to be bold and pursue moderation for the sake of moderation.  What beats Trump is a leader with big, bold ideas that are rooted in facts and data and can get done.  That approach was missing last night.
The answer on banning fracking is easy: if we ban fracking immediately, all the closed coal plants reopen. We have to get off fossil fuels and we have to be smart about it.  I'm glad most of the candidates have adopted my carbon fee ; dividend proposal ; we need more innovation.
On drug pricing, the candidates on stage are half right. Yes, we should allow the government to negotiate drug prices. But what they don't get is that citizens in other wealthy countries pay 1/3 of what we do for the same drugs. I'm the only candidate with a plan to address that.
On healthcare, all of the candidates on the stage are wrong. Universal healthcare is the right answer but making private insurance illegal is dumb. The other candidates are too incremental on healthcare. My plan, BetterCare, provides universal coverage ; allows private insurance
On the trade question, all of the candidates on that stage are wrong and Obama was right.  We should get back in the Trans Pacific Partnership.   It's good for our economy, good for farmers, and it allows us to compete with China.
 HUMESTON, Iowa — Folks... 
 April ; chatting with folks off their front porch in Osceola. Come join us at 5p at the Iron Horse Grill! h…
 Out door knocking in Osceola stops to help de-ice a sidewalk. He’s a doer!Come meet John and April at 5 o’c…
I think commitment is a tremendous virtue. Commitment to you family, to your community, to your friends and to your work colleagues.  My "Send a Message Tour" is about my commitment to Rural America.
 Hello Humeston! Big Blue and the team are here knocking doors and inviting folks to join us at the Grassroo…
My new ad is airing tonight. Watch it here: 
Trump and his era of GOP leaders will go down in history as the party of fiscal irresponsibility.  This is an immoral burden we are leaving the next generation and the unpaid for tax cut was the defining event. 
I know in my heart that our extraordinary nation remains one of unlimited potential and that my unique ideas on infrastructure, trade, climate and national service are needed to help realize it. They are all big ideas, based on facts and they can get done.
If we would have 2 debate stages like I've called for - a main debate stage for top polling candidates ; a second stage for all others - then the debates would have candidates of color, we would hear more views, and the party would be more united with no bickering about debates. 
 In covering US wars, I've been in foxholes and VA hospitals, on medic choppers and patrols. Brave Americans serve their nati…
 Had a great time at the ‘Middle of Nowhere’ restaurant in Cumberland tonight with April ; ! The ‘Send A Mes…
Many things to say about the significant contributions the great has made, and will continue to make, as a 2020 candidate and elected official, but above all else, he is a deeply good person with a true spirit of generosity towards other people.
Democracy may be messy, but it is the only form of government that truly holds leaders accountable, which is why we have to recommit to it with everything we have.
 From believes he is the person who can bring a divided nation together.“I want to go to as…
 Today’s “Delaney reflected on how his Catholic faith informed his decision to enter public service from the pr…
 “It’s been a hard to choice of who to caucus for but it hit me the other day that we need someone who is a strong Democr…
My commitment to public service is about the journey April and I are on to step forward in faith and serve other people. I was grateful to address the People's Caucus - a roomful of individuals of faith who share a goal of working for the common good of all. God Bless them! 
 “If I become President I’ll pass a law that separating children from their parents at the border would be illegal. What…
 Addressing the 400+ attendees at the People’s Caucus in Davenport, “My faith informed my decision to enter…

 A huge crowd today in Davenport at the People’s Caucus! takes the stage at 2p - if you’re there make sure t…
The basic measurements of economic health are broken. Economists need to agree on a new statistic that focuses on economic growth, employment ; standard of living of the bottom quartile of our country.  That would tell a different story about our economy.  
The core issue with Boeing is its values. While they have many extraordinary people - particularly the thousands off talented workers that build the planes - the tone at the top did not create a culture of "safety first" among leadership.  
 Hello Iowa! The 'Send A Message' Tour continues with April and making stops today at the 'Peoples Caucus' i…
To borrow some framing from the USPS creed...."Neither snow nor rain nor dark of night stays the Delaney campaign from our commitment to showing up everywhere and talking to everyone"....April and I continuing our unmatched commitment to ALL of Iowa. 
Our strong faith informs our values and our approach to public service and we are thankful for it. It informs our embrace of the politics of working for the common good, which, to my mind, involves putting aside self interest aside and not being a single issue advocate. 
April is right: "It's not about me."  And in truth, it's not about any of us individually, it's about the common good and how we can be in service to others and the world. 
 Thoughts and prayers to the people too thick to realize “It turns out” was sarcasm. Of course millions of Iranians who lo…
 Taking the stage with former Iowa Rep Bob Krause at the Veteran’s National Recovery Center - on the ‘Send A…
I’ll be speaking at the Iowa Veterans Presidential Open Forum at 9:10 CT. Watch live here:
 Watch April ; speak at the forum tonight live in Des Moines!  
 ATTN: sadly tonight’s event in Boone at Roosters Grill has been cancelled due to weather. We will be rescheduling- stay…
 Delaniacs, rejoice! called Sam yesterday to prove he's the most fit candidate for the job. You can join T…
A good example from my own backyard as to the false infrastructure choices we are often presented with. The right answer is to invest in transit systems for the long term but also work to alleviate back breaking traffic in short term. 
When half of the nation distrusts the other half — and vice versa — it prevents us from coming together on common sense solutions to our most serious problems.
We cannot continue to risk our national security by ignoring the growing threat of cyberattack. That is why I've called for a new Department of Cybersecurity led by a cabinet-level Secretary.  
 Thank you for this great piece about and our event in Sheldon Iowa! The tour continues tomor…
"John Delaney wants to be the best U.S. president rural America has ever seen" 
Facebook's deepfake ban does not go far enough. We can't rely on the tech giants to self regulate.  We need federal privacy laws and federal regulation that requires removal or disclosure of altered videos.  
 “We’re not going to be able to build the better future that you deserve if we don’t have the optimism to believe we can…
 “This country is so separated, we need to work together... he seems like the person that wants to work together and ca…
 "I want to surprise in the Iowa caucuses and I want rural Iowa to send a message that they matter," said presidential…
This quote from DNC: "The DNC has been more than inclusive throughout this entire process" is absolutely not true. The RNC was more inclusive in 2016 w/ 2 debate stages. 2 debate stages allow top polling candidates to go head-to-head while being inclusive. 
In 2019 I did 50%+ more events in Iowa than any other candidate and I suspect that will be the same this month. Why? Because I think Rural America matters and we need  a candidate to fight for their economic interests.
There is obviously a lot of focus on the U.S. - Iran situation, but the most pressing issue is a potential Nuclear crisis if Iran aggressively resumes a march towards a bomb based on Trump's actions.  
 Tune in tonight to hear discussing Iran as well as his visit this afternoon with on KIMT3 Mason C…
Policy matters, not horserace polling. Read the ten ideas that are the foundation of this campaign, and reflect my views on how to improve our nation through bipartisan and workable solutions:
 Meeting with local Democrats- and even a few Republicans - on the trail this morning with in Okoboji, Iowa…
If you think mainstream America, small-town America and rural Iowa matter, you should send a message on caucus night by caucusing for me. 
 IPR: “This country is so separated, we need to work together,” Munoz said. “And seems like the person that…
 Huge thanks to and the OBrien County Democrats for attending tonight’s dinner in Sheldon! Tomo…
 April giving a warm and touching tribute to and their family’s commitment to service in Sheldon Iowa at the…
 A fun day knocking doors in Lebanon and Gaza, Iowa with On our way to Sheldon and dinner at the Old 60 Cho…
 you don’t have to think the JCPOA was perfect (it was not) to conclude we were better off than we are now or if we launch…
 Packed restaurant this morning in Sioux City for Thank you to County Chair Jeremy and Vice Chair Greg for…
Let me see if I understand this, the DNC created debate rules that prevent 4 two term successful governors from being in the debates yet allow several people who have never been elected to anything to stay in debates and they blame the polling companies!  
 Hello Doon Iowa! April ; have been knocking doors and inviting folks to a meet ; greet at the Doon Grill at…
The 6 big questions for 2020How to create jobs in struggling communities?What's the plan for tech monopolies?How to create universal healthcare?How to deal with China?How to improve public schools? What's the climate plan?The answers need to make sense ; be workable
 One door at a time: meeting with some great folks today in Bronson, Matlock and now George Iowa, inviting then to join u…
While I'm not bragging about getting 2% in a poll, it is interesting that we routinely poll at the same level as candidates who get a lot more attention.  We are uniquely talking about the issues that matter to rural voters - at a minimum these issues deserve coverage. 
 Hello Bronson Iowa! April ; are knocking doors and inviting folks to join them for a dinner meet ; greet to…
 Team is in Matlock! We’ve knocked every Dem door here and also more doors in Bronson, inviting people to me…
It is important to be fiscally responsible, but what's really important is making big investments in things that drive growth, like infrastructure, advanced energy, basic research ; workers. Instead, we spend money on tax cuts ; a broken healthcare system. 
States should press ahead but we should have federal laws protecting our privacy. The American people overwhelmingly support it.  
The difference between me and the other candidates this past year is I've gone to rural Iowa. A lot. And it's been great and it's why they should know I will always have their back. You can't fake showing up! 
3/3 We should get back to the table and try to negotiate an improved JCPOA (with a longer term) and restore some stability to the region.
2/3 An unintended consequence of this escalation has been to alienate Iraq which should actually be one of our strongest allies in the region if the relationship is professionally managed.
1/3 When Trump recklessly chose to abandon the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) - which was negotiated by the US ; many of our major allies + Russia and China - he took our country into an uncertain place with Iran, which is now where we unfortunately find ourselves.
Actually, the reason a President consults Congress is not to share blame if things go wrong and it's not as a favor to Congress. The reason a President consults Congress is to ensure that all views are considered in the most important decision a President makes (using military) 
DNC fell victim to the view "that everything the RNC does is bad"  and stubbornly refused to use RNC's approach in 2016 (2 debate stages, divided b/w leading candidates and all others). It was a more inclusive approach and would have eliminated all of this debate divisiveness. 
  picked up s oped on healthcare. Last night in Iowa Delaney said ‘Americans deserve healthcare as…
Small towns in rural America are shrinking ; aging, which is putting huge pressure on public schools and hospitals, which contributes to more economic contraction. These places needs someone to fight for them - to create jobs, lift wages, address addiction - and I will do that.
As this piece makes clear, there was both a desire and an ability to act against Soleimani in both Bush and Obama administrations, but the judgment was that the retaliation risk was too great. Let's hope that prior assessment was wrong.  
 ‘Every American deserves healthcare as a right of citizenship - period.’ at the Classic Deli in Brooklyn Io…
 A great night in Brooklyn, Iowa! Homemade treats at the Classic Deli and an intro from Ivy Schuster who’s running for Io…
 Were here in What Cheer! Snow flurries and door knocks with - come see us in Brooklyn at 5p! 
 Montezuma Mayor Jacki Bolen and discussing state ‘opportunity zones’ to invigorate rural economies. Delaney…
 ‘The trade war has been devastating to rural Iowa. We need to create economic opportunities equally across this country.…
Most of our military operations in the Middle East are based on an Authorization for Use of Militray Force (AUMF) passed over 18 years ago. I've called for a new/updated AUMF, which would force debate on our overall mission and reign in a President's ability to bypass Congress.
 Montezuma! Big Blue and the team are out knocking doors for our first stop at 1p at Sauced Pizza - then on to What Cheer…
the Administration’s failure to brief Congressional leadership on this action is troubling and raises the risk of reckless actions that could lead to a dangerous escalation. (3/3)
While Soleimani was directly responsible for the deaths of countless lives, including many Americans, and was a significant danger to our troops and a destabilizing force in the region and deserved to be brought to justice for his actions against our troops,(2/3)
What is important at this moment in time is full coordination between the Administration and Congress to ensure the safety of all Americans in Iraq and throughout the region. That has to be our number one priority. (1/3)
I'm on now. Tune in to watch!
 The healthcare plan of John Delaney, whom I've endorsed for president, is a plan that we can understand, that will work,…
Every American should have health care coverage as a right of citizenship. My BetterCare approach achieves this and other goals — in a realistic way.
Across this campaign, has been a singular champion for the poor and the immigrant and his voice will be truly missed but his contributions will be lasting. We are all very fortunate that he and are in public service - GREAT family.
 ‘'Peters is also intrigued by former U.S. Rep. “He’s someone I’d like to look a little more into,” Peter…
Well and truly said by our Chief Justice: "We should celebrate our strong and independent judiciary, a key source of national unity and stability," John Roberts wrote. "But we should also remember that justice is not inevitable."  
I'm going to spend January with the real doers in America - farm communities that feed the world.  I have the only plan to bring innovation, entrepreneurship and jobs to struggling communities - in Rural America, industrial towns and inner cities. 
 Todays DMReg: ‘There are 15 Democrats still in the presidential race. They've already scheduled 92 Iowa events in Januar…
You can't fake showing up! I'm doing nearly 1/3 of all of the total candidate event in Iowa in January, which is just another example of my unmatched commitment to Rural America.  - Rural America Matters! 
Let's end the year by thanking those who serve in our military ; all the dedicated public servants who work in all levels of government. Let's count our blessings ; look forward with hope ; faith that we can work together to continue to build a better world. Happy New Year!
 Big Blue is ready to roll! She just spent a week at the RV hospital getting ship-shape to hit the road on our Send A Mes…
This is a very good read. The process is broken. A fix the could do right now is two debate stages. A main stage for the top polling candidates and a second stage for other candidates that meet certain standards based on winning elections.   
The diplomats and team members that serve at our Embassy in Iraq are patriots and they should be fully protected by the Iraqi government in addition to having the full support of our extraordinary military.  
Good read from I've always advocated for making the capital gains tax rate the same as the ordinary income tax rate.  There is zero justification for people who invest for a living paying less in a tax rate than people who work for a living.  
There is a common theme to a candidates reaction to the various DNC debate requirements. When they qualify, they think they make total sense. If they haven't qualified, they think they are deeply flawed.  😀 
Yes, we have to be more bold than just "protecting the ACA" like most of the moderates call for, but Medicare4all is unworkable. We need "universal healthcare with choice" like my BetterCare plan.  
 UPDATE: C-SPAN is broadcasting from our dinner event in Brooklyn Iowa this Friday, 1/3, at 5pm CT. Come join us! To RSVP…
 ‘Beginning in Montezuma and ending in Tripoli, Iowa, the trip features many of Iowa’s uniquely-named towns, including Wh…
Let's not forget that it is hard for people who are struggling day-to-day economically to worry about the "norms" that Trump is trashing. They are worried about their job, their pay, what's happening in their kids school and their healthcare.  We have to run in pocketbook issues
Let’s go, Iowa. Let’s win this election.Looking forward to seeing you all on our “Send A Message" Tour of 40 cities to tell the DNC ; the other candidates that the challenges facing rural America are central to our Democratic values. 
My friend John Lewis is a a hero to millions, an extraordinary American and a deeply good man. April and I will pray for his full and speedy recovery. One of the great privileges of my life was serving with him in the Congress.  He will overcome this like he has everything else.
Our prayers are with the victims from this utterly horrific attack and with their families and the entire Jewish community. Anti-Semitism is tragically on the rise in our nation. We can't ignore this threat and must all stand strong against the hate and ignorance that drives it. 
 Former Rep. will talk with voters about his campaign for president (and pick up the tab) at two stops in Poweshie…
What's next, his demanding Cuomo and Newsom pay him a tribute in order for the federal government to provide help to the homeless?  Shameful. 
Buttigieg's McKinsey work should not have been an issue to begin with. Good reporting would have made clear years ago that entry level work at a consulting firm teaches you very little about the private economy ; is not a qualification to run something big 
Medicare4All and the so called "Medicare4All Who Want It" are both the wrong answer. The former is too disruptive and the later doesn't create universal coverage.  My BetterCare Plan provides universal coverage as part of citizenship but also allows choice 
Fixing the economic crisis in Rural America is a big part of my campaign and it's also our path to victory in agricultural states that Trump won. That's why we've done more events in rural America than any other candidate.  
"The economy, stupid" - Carville's famous insight applies in '20.  Trump has a strong economy, which will lead many voters to tolerate his massive flaws unless we run a candidate with a focused economic message ; real EXPERIENCE in the private sector.  No time for training wheels
It is terrible what we have allowed to happen to our farmers. Join me on my Send A Message tour in Iowa where I lay out my unique plan for rebuilding the rural economy and ask for support in the caucuses so that together we make rural issues a Dem priority 
Had a great time talking about my plans and vision for the future with the editors at Read here: 
Getting excited for my final 40 stop tour in Iowa. As the only candidate to have visited all of Iowa's 99 counties, help me "Send A Message" to the DNC ; the other candidates that the challenges facing rural America are central to our democracy.   
History and current data overwhelming prove that innovation creates more jobs than it displaces. Similarly, automation and robots will both create new jobs and eliminate jobs, but is projected to be net positive.  The challenge is geographic concentration of those jobs and pay.
Great read from Nobel Prize economists Paul Krugman - robots and automation won't take away jobs, fix healthcare from the perspective of the current system, climate is the urgent crisis and deal with distressed communities.  
Our annual Christmas Day snowshoe through the beautiful mountains of Idaho! 🌲🌲🌲 
"Behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people. For there is born to you this day in the city of David a Savior, which is Christ the Lord.... Glory to God in the highest. And on earth peace, goodwill toward men."Merry Christmas
This year has been an incredible journey for our family! Join us on a blueprint designed to rebuild unity and further the American dream for all. Happy Holidays from the Delaney family! 
You can't fake showing up -  I'm the only candidate to do events in all of Iowa's 99 counties.  Why? Because from day one I wanted to make a point that a big part of my candidacy is about helping small towns left behind by economic change.   
 is right, if you look carefully, you can see Iowa can be in play in 2020 but we need a candidate that has a real and actionable plan for rural America (specifically creating jobs in small towns), is pro Trade, and is decent, tolerant and moderate in temperament. 
I’m calling this final month-long trip before the caucuses the "Send A Message Tour" because I’m asking Iowa voters to send a message that Rural America and Main Street America still matter. See the full list of events below!
I agree Chuck, I'm glad these candidates - and others - have come my way on healthcare and other important issues. But voters should recognize who was there first, because that's real leadership. We don't need followers, we need leaders. 
 has many accomplishments  - champion bodybuilder, actor, Governor, climate activist, anti-gerrymandering warrior AND he has a ski slope named after him!   I'm hitting the slopes with the family in Idaho (April is a native) on a few day break for the holidays. 
Let's look forward to 2020 with the optimism it deserves. Let's step forward in common purpose, in faith, and in unity. And let's remember that we're all in this together. I hope you have a wonderful holiday, a merry Christmas and a happy New Year. 
The good news is we don't have to choose and we shouldn't. A common sense economic message that focuses on jobs and pay paired with a sense of decency and a vision for a positive future wins white swing voters and Latino voters. 
Please read ; appreciate what happens in a broken federal government where partisan fighting prevents us from doing anything big to help the American people ; then a bunch of special interest priorities get jammed into spending bills w/o anyone noticing.  
3/3 Finally, an appropriate minimum wage increase when paired with an EITC increase would help workers the most ; should have minimal or no impact on  jobs (and hopefully fewer of these stories).   It's my view we have more of a pay problem than a jobs problem. That's my 2 cents
2/3 Most should agree that setting the minimum wage too high does lead to job cuts, but a steady modest increase in the minimum wage will help workers and families, reduce poverty and reduce turnover (a real cost to employers).  Data analysis can help find that "right" level.
1/3 this story is important b/c you can have a minimum wage that's too high ; you can have one that's too low - like $7.25.  My view is adjust it up to a level that works for most places ; set annual escalators to inflation is the best policy. States can always do more 
Under Stephen Miller's sick secret plan, separated refugee children are used as "bait" to lure adults for deportation. That's immoral.  
I'm glad NIH funding was increased, but we need to do more. Big data and computing power have put us on the threshold of extraordinary breakthroughs in science. With the right funding - which I've pledged to support - we can cure cancer, Alzheimer's, etc.  
Spot on. Our front runners are not strong. Blame that on a race that was nationalized too soon, a DNC determined to winnow the field, and the pundits framing the race based on pre-conceived, but incorrect, notions of what the party wanted. Not too late.... 
Everyone of these is worth a read (particularly the one on Rural America) and they paint an optimistic picture of a more just form of capitalism and the progress we've made continuing - the facts favor the optimists but only if we pursue data driven ideas 
Bernie says bipartisan USMCA would be "modest improvement" over NAFTA, but still plans to vote no. In my business career, I always said, "Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good." If a new law will make things better than the status quo, don't overthink it. Just vote yes. 
 teamwork answer was very good. Tom played college sports, he knows how to work as part of a team.
While I don't agree with vote, he's a good Member. Trump won his a district by over 30% (there isn't another D in the country who could win it) ; he has fought tirelessly for important Dem priorities like SNAP as ranking member and then Chair of Ag Committee. 
It's a good sign when the leading Republican and Democrat in the country are wrestling for credit on a bipartisan bill - that is the kind of political fighting we want - who gets credit for getting something DONE! 
I still don't believe a public option goes far enough to deal with the tragedy of uninsured Americans but Medicare4all is too disruptive and impractical. My BetterCare plan provides universal coverage (like Medicare4all) with choice.  
Like we did in 2018, Dems must make healthcare the central focus of the 2020 campaign ; we should put forth specific ; common sense ways to build a universal healthcare system. My BetterCare proposal does just that – universal healthcare w/ choice.(3/3)
These Republicans are blinded by their partisan distrust of anything tied to former President Barack Obama and they are putting the healthcare security of so many Americans at risk, including children with potentially fatal illnesses.(2/3)
Eighteen Republican Attorneys General are trying to destroy Obamacare and put millions of Americans at risk of losing their healthcare coverage for pre-existing conditions. (1/3) 
Sending all my support to my good friend As anyone who ever met the great John Dingell knows, can't hold a candle to John Dingell in terms of integrity, class and understanding what public service really means.
Lobbying to get people addicted is shameful. "You know why the opioid crisis happened in America? Because the political system and lobbying by the opioid production industry – they spent so much money that they were able to overturn a lot of regulations" 
It's pay, not jobs. Michael Porter from Harvard is the top expert on competitiveness ; has a new report saying: "there’s a lot of data that shows that the people employed are often not getting a living wage, or not being paid for their qualifications"  
I'm proud of the Democrats in the House of Representatives for holding the President accountable for actions that are against our national interest and for his betrayal of the public trust and I pray for our nation, that we find the strength to heal our deep divisions.
Changes to our economy through technological innovation and globalization have delivered enormous prosperity, but the benefits have not been equally shared. Read my plan for economic opportunity here: 
The core of our country's wealth gap is the inequality of opportunity. Last year, 80% of the managed venture capital went to just 50 counties, out of over 3,000 in America. 
While impeachment consumes the pundits, let's not lose sight of the fact that economic indicators are becoming positive and that's what most Americans care about.  To beat Trump, we need a 2020 candidate who Americans believe can create jobs.  
I seem to recall making this point in the first debate when I said "let's keep what's working and fix what's broken" (btw, back then, the other "moderate" candidates looked like a deer in a headlight when asked about Medicare4all) 
Most indicators show the economy doing well in 2020 (which is good news).  Trump will base his whole campaign on this. As the only former CEO of a public company and a Member of Congress I can go toe-to-toe with him on the economy and win.  
This is exactly why I'm doing my Heartland StartUp Tour. To bring my experience as a successful entrepreneur to rural America, where jobs are so badly needed.  As the only candidate to visit all of Iowa's 99 counties, I won't forget about rural America. 
While in Congress, I was proud to be a member of the LGBTQ Equality Caucus, and received a 100% score from the Read my plan for LGBTQ equality here: 
We have made tremendous progress over the years, but the fight for all LGBTQ+ Americans isn't over. 
 Many thanks to the for their in-depth piece on from the fundraiser this weeke…
The numbers on Medicare4all are bad because people are understanding what it means. Does anyone think they will get better if our nominee ran on it and the Republicans accurately point out that 160 million people will be forced off their employer sponsored insurance? 
 is a good and well intentioned person, but the DNC should not be determining the field. Having 2 stages - like the Republicans did in 16 - is a better approach. Main stage for top polling candidates, second stage for all others. All voices heard 
TPP was Obama's top 2nd term economic priority. It is good for workers, farmers ; creates a framework for us to compete w/ China. It would make every acre of farmland more valuable ; we beat Trump in rural America on it. I'm the ONLY 2020 D who supports it 
 I'm the only 2020 who supports getting back in the TPP - something I've talked about in everyone of Iowa's 99 counties.  If we join the TPP, every acre of Iowa farmland goes up in value and and we can beat Trump in Iowa on that one issue.  
 Happy Holidays, ; family. You'll always have a prime spot saved on my refrigerator. 👍 
 Thank you, for bringing your message of unity to our Clinton County Democrats "Being Back the Light" Winter…
 ‘I’m the only candidate running that supports Obama’s signature economic policy- the Trans Pacific Partnership...We also…
 ‘We need a President who works every day to try and bring together this incredibly divided nation...As Kennedy said we s…
 Hello Muscatine! and team here to speak at the Achievement Dinner- come say hi!  ht…
 In Big Blue en route from fundraiser to the Achievement Dinner in front of the 
Impact investing is a very important component of the things we need to do to make capitalism more just, the fact that has experience with it should be viewed as a positive.  
 Introduced as the ‘only presidential candidate who made it today’ - commitment to Iowa is real. Speaking…
 Welcome to Clinton County!!! 
It's interesting to watch both sides celebrate the USMCA and the spending deal - imagine what it would be like if both sides worked together on infrastructure, immigration, healthcare, education etc.   Even in these dark times, it's not hard to imagine government working again.
Well and truly said. 
Read my plan for economic opportunity here: 
Nobody working a full-time job should still be struggling to earn a living. I have a plan to help low-income families by increasing minimum wage, establishing universal paid family leave, and increasing tax credits for working people. 
The UK election foreshadows a possible, but not certain, political future for the Democratic Party (it is the "ghost of US elections yet to come" (sorry Christmas Carol)) if we nominate someone too extreme for the electorate. 
MUST READ. Japan's Prime Minister Abe makes a GREAT case for universal healthcare. Japan's system is very successful. It is a mixed model system (government insurance for all with insurance options allowed) like my BetterCare approach.  We can do this! 
 Direct Air Capture of CO2 using negative emission technologies has to be part of our plan to ensure that we get ourselves…
Direct Air Capture of CO2 using negative emission technologies has to be part of our plan to ensure that we get ourselves in a position to be at net zero emissions by 2050.  
I'm live on  Tune in now!
Pre-K positively affects many lifelong opportunities such as continuing education and higher pay. All families should be able to send their children to Pre-K. Read my plan for free Pre-K here: 
We must rethink our model of education, which was designed to prepare students for a factory oriented economy. As President, I will prioritize education. 
 Saddened by the attack in Jersey City, a town I know well as it's my grandparents ; dad's hometown, a town that has always…
 3/4 Some candidates have long fought for a public option. A public option is a reasonable incremental step and those candi…
 4/4 Finally, some candidates were for universal healthcare (like medicare4all) until they weren't. These candidates lack c…
4/4 Finally, some candidates were for universal healthcare (like medicare4all) until they weren't. These candidates lack conviction and follow the polls, probably on every issue.   What kind of leader do you want? You can answer that question by tracking their views on healthcare
3/4 Some candidates have long fought for a public option. A public option is a reasonable incremental step and those candidates are in favor of incremental progress in general.
2/4 Some candidates want universal healthcare (like me). This is a bold approach ; these candidates are bold thinkers. Of those candidates, some want to eliminate private insurance while I don't. This reflects a candidates view of the relationship b/w the private ; public sectors
1/4 Healthcare is the most important issue for the American people and it's the most important issue for our long term fiscal health.  As a result, I would argue that a candidate's approach to healthcare tells you everything you need to know about that candidate.
Saddened by the attack in Jersey City, a town I know well as it's my grandparents ; dad's hometown, a town that has always welcomed immigrants. We must strongly take a stand against violence targeting Jewish people ; anti-semitism. We mourn those lost. 
 Hello Iowa! will be back this Saturday speaking in Clinton ; Muscatine Counties. Hope to see you there! htt…
"We continue to believe that John Delaney understands the thorny health care issue best, given his experience financing small health-care providers. He proposes, essentially, free universal coverage while not eliminating private insurers." -  Art Cullen, editor Storm Lake Times
The time has come for action on gun violence. Read my plan here:
The Gazette did a fact-check to see if I was right about my statistics.  They gave me an A rating.Facts are Facts.
It's not a Republican or Democratic issue, it's a human being issue. According to the CDC, guns were responsible for nearly 40,000 deaths in 2017, more than the annual number of automobile deaths. 
 I'm sure your grandmother was very proud of the good man you are. April and I offer you our condolences. 
I'm pleased USMCA is moving forward and hope that the bipartisan support for this agreement can form the basis of re-engaging on the Trans Pacific Partnership.
 John Delaney calls for trade deals, federal investment to reinvigorate rural America 
 . is in the WGIR studio today talking to Jack Heath about equality of opportunity, healthcare, and other im…
 in Berlin, NH at the Northland Dairy Bar casually chatting with voters.   
Learn more about my BetterCare proposal here: 
My BetterCare proposal guarantees free universal health care to all Americans. 
 Thank you to Concord High School for having us!    
"starvation-level poverty has decreased by 80 percent since 1970"  Yes, the world has gotten dramatically better across the last several decades but not for everyone ; there are serious issues on the horizon.  Let's build on or progress, and acknowledge it 
Since 1990 the US has grown by 75 million people yet rural America has shrunk by 3 million. Rural America is shrinking ; aging, which puts pressure on rural healthcare ; public schools ; drains it of opportunity. As President,  I will reverse these trends. 
This whole story is a waste of time. worked at McKinsey right out of school. He didn't run the place, he wasn't a partner ; I'm sure he was simply assigned clients to work on.  It has no bearing on anything, truly. Let's focus on the issues. 
3/3 But the most fundamental, values based question, however, is are you willing to fight for universal coverage? Do you think healthcare is a right? Do you think universal coverage is smart economic policy?  To me, the answer to all three of those questions is a resounding YES.
2/3 The other candidates want a public option, which is a government run insurance company. To my mind, healthcare is a human right and we must strive towards universal healthcare. Now among the various universal healthcare plans there are real differences worthy of debate.
1/3 We need to simplify the healthcare debate with a simple question: do you want to fight for universal healthcare (everyone gets guaranteed federal healthcare for free)? As best I can tell only and I has a plan for that.
What's next on his high priority agenda, maybe: "We have a situation where we're looking very strongly at the amount of snow that snow shovels can handle, and other elements of the winter walkway... You shovel and pick up no snow, no snow. People are shoveling 10 times, 15 times" 
 Delaney to DNC: Open second debate stage for candidates who qualified for past events  
 I’m back in Iowa, where John Delaney is kicking off a farmers’ forum. “I’m the only Democrat who’s been to all 99 countie…
  discussing a possible 2nd debate stage with the press at in Grinnell: ‘It gives  everyone…
 I'm a 10-year cancer survivor, married to a 9-year cancer survivor.  You can figure I'm real…
  addresses the in Grinnell with a special greeting from Bob Leonard backstage  htt…
 Having a quick discussion with of the  before the Iowa Farmers Union forum in Grinnell
Again, could solve this problem instantly by having a "second" stage for all candidates who were in (or would have been) in a DNC sanctioned debate. It would allow for more voices and be more inclusive. What's the argument against it? 
Watch live as I sit down with the Iowa Main Street Alliance in  today to talk about the challenges facing small businesses! 
 Happy to sit down with the Iowa Main Street Alliance at in  today to talk about the challenges…
The best way to improve people's lives ; lower healthcare costs is to cure diseases. We need a transformative increase in NIH funding to cure Cancer and Alzheimer's and it has never been a better time to do it based on the extraordinary technological tools available to scientists
 Come see us out on the trail in Iowa! Sitting down with the Cancer Votes team from American Cancer Society at Mars Coffe…
 At Mars Cafe in the Drake neighborhood meets with the Cancer Votes team from the American Cancer Society. C…
 Big Blue and Team are at the  Airport to pick up John for events today in Des Moines, Cedar Rapid…
"Under Trump, Republicans are endorsing a spiraling deficit, along with state planning and crony capitalism."  
I'm happy to officiate the push up contest and I'd bet big money on the very fit ! 
There is a straightforward solution - should have a "second" stage and invite any candidate still running that was in any prior DNC sanctioned debate. It allows them to maintain their rules for the "main" stage while including a larger group of voices 
 Time to listen to Congressman John Delaney of Maryland, the once-in-a-lifetime Democratic candidate for president who has…
6/6 A mixed model is easier to finance (since you don't have to change the whole system), it gives people choices (which they like) and it has shown to produce higher quality healthcare. Bottom line, I'm closer to ; on healthcare than I am to the others.
5/6 My universal healthcare plan is a "mixed model" like most developed countries have, including Germany and France. Everyone gets covered for free but they can "opt out" ; have other insurance options. The reason I like a "mixed model" is because I believe it is better policy.
4/6 A public option is "fine" in the same way that any incremental improvement is "fine" but it doesn't solve the problem. Where I differ with ; is on the form of universal healthcare. They are proposing a single payer system, which very few countries have
3/6 To my mind healthcare is a human right and we can only control costs ; improve quality if we get everyone covered.  Others who are running are proposing a "public option."  A public option is a government run insurance company. It will have premiums, co pays, deductibles etc.
2/6 By universal coverage I mean that every citizen is provided federal healthcare coverage for free. Most developed nations have a system that does this. I have a plan to do that as does  and
1/6 I've had lots of questions about this so I thought it was worthy of some elaboration.  Our healthcare system is largely broken. Costs are very high, quality is uneven and many don't have coverage or they have inadequate coverage. The right goal is to have universal coverage. 
Basic nutrition is a human right and SNAP works to feed the most needy. I just don't know how people can do anything to risk basic food security for the most needy and claim a moral compass or live their faith.  
I think and are entirely correct to advocate for universal healthcare (although I don't agree with their specific plans) and the other candidates advocating for a "public option" are not being ambitious enough on healthcare.  We need universal healthcare.
 This is actually a pretty solid plan 👇 
Health care is a huge issue, but as says, we need to get the details right. I have a universal health care plan that will cover everyone and is fully paid for without raising trillions in new taxes or eliminating private insurance options. 
 Team took Big Blue to  today to visit who is hosting our Business Luncheon on Fri…
The climate crisis calls for immediate action and for the international community to unite and act. 
The climate is at a tipping point. Hundreds of thousands are meeting in Madrid to find solutions. I will be live on Facebook at 12:30 ET today to talk about plans to solve the crisis. Watch here: 
U.S. Agriculture feeds not only our country but much of the world. We need to end the trade wars and expand markets for US agricultural products.
 is one of the truly great leaders in the Democratic Party. Her campaign slogan "For the People" perfectly embodies what public service is all about. April and I very much enjoyed the opportunity to get to know and on the trail.
Part of the unique aspects of my climate plan is to create a market for capturing CO₂ from air - also known as Direct Air Capture Technologies. Here is a firm that is actually doing it for your personal footprint.  
 Come see Big Blue and meet the team at our  headquarters! John will be in Iowa this Friday in Des…
 Delaney update: 
Let's keep our "chin up" - this is a great country and we can absolutely solve our most difficult problems and build a better future but we have to "pull" together, find common ground and start getting things done 😀 
 is a terrific Governor, a deeply committed public servant and a great guy. Any debate process that excluded him - a sitting, successful, two term Democratic governor in a Trump state - from the stage is flawed by definition.  
Remember, a computer algorithm has no faith and offers no love, fellowship or community. The social media platforms are built on computer algorithms. We need human interactions and community and friendships based on real relationships. It's available to everyone, just seek it.
I'm a big Springsteen fan (seen him 30 times in concert). Just listened to the Eric Church Springsteen song  from a few years ago - I think he did a great job with it: a true country song but with an unmistakable Springsteen beat/melody to it.  What's your view?
Isn't the reason anyone runs is because they think they are better than the field - either in experience, skill or ideas?  I thought that was obvious. The key is can you differentiate yourself from the field by telling a better story as to what we can be.  
7/7 But the data also suggests that the following are not good (or the best) policies: UBI, a single payor healthcare system, free four year college for everyone, eliminating charter schools, trade isolationism.  Let's use data to make smart policy addition.
6/7 we have more of a pay crisis  than a jobs crisis, we have over subsidized housing in general at the expense of affordable housing, reducing obesity ; smoking (including vaping) will dramatically improve public health, we have a mental health crisis, we need more entrepreneurs
5/7 our antitrust laws are out of date, trade and globalization have improved the world (but not for everyone), collaboration between the private and public sectors achieve the best outcomes, technology will create more jobs than it displaces but the process will be uneven,
4/7 the criminal justice system is biased, we have a looming retirement crisis that needs a new supplemental savings program, comprehensive immigration reform will grow the economy, that deficits should be targeted to 2% of GDP, childhood tech addiction is growing,
3/7 universal background checks work, the wealthy are contributing too little in taxes, we need to price carbon, that a large infrastructure program will grow the economy, that public education funding is economically and racially unjust,  basic research is our best investment
2/7 we need universal healthcare, we need to price carbon, we need new energy innovation to get to zero emissions, we need more private sector investment and entrepreneurship in rural communities, charter schools can be a positive addition to a strong public school system,
1/7 Unless you are God, bring data. We have to start making data driven policy decisions.  The data suggests the following: early childhood funding is our best educational investment, we need more career training programs, we need an expanded EITC,
We need bipartisan leadership. An endorsement from the Washington Post from my 2016 campaign summarizes the type of leadership I hope to offer our nation.   
In some ways, each side of this argument are getting it wrong. What we need is free PreK-14 for everyone (years 13 ; 14 being defined as community college/career training) and then we need to expand early childhood funding + cut student debt rates.  
An interesting read that underscores how out of step our education, healthcare and retirement policies are. The 20th century saw an extraordinary 30 year addition to life expectancy, yet our major institutions barely adjusted.  
Good work by John Kerry.  We need to attack the problem of global warming from every angle and do what America does best: innovate ourselves out of this problem with new ways of producing, storing, distributing, and conserving energy.  
NATO is perhaps the most successful alliance ever, yet Trump has never liked it (as an FYI, Putin doesn't like it either). Trump's isolationism and disregard for our allies is the wrong answer to every foreign policy question.  
A post Thanksgiving tradition - getting the Christmas Tree 🌲 
Check out the 30 minute TV Special on our campaign - the first such piece on any 2020 candidate. 
Today is a day of gratitude. We are grateful for the men and women who serve our amazing country and communities. We are grateful for those who serve the needy and the poor. Most importantly, we are grateful for the blessing of friends and family. Wishing you a Happy Thanksgiving
I wanted to pause and thank all of those in Iowa who have been so welcoming to me and my family over the past two years. And I want to wish you all a Happy Thanksgiving. 
A few sets of Ab rollers are a good way to start a workout. All the candidates should be "rolling" out specific plans to solve our nations challenges - check out my 30 minute documentary at   for my plans and experiences.  
 Team Iowa for visiting with caucusgoers and enjoying a pre-Thanksgiving meal at  classic restaura…
It has become a tradition in my family to fry up a turkey every Thanksgiving. Not only is it delicious, it cooks in half the time! Wishing you all a very happy Thanksgiving, from my family to yours! 
"The normal and necessary ways of expressing and redressing grievance have gone badly awry. Society is consumed by negative partisanship. Restoring the right balance is the key to stabilizing the republic." 
 Thank you to the Burlington Hawk Eye for their Sunday cover story on 'Throughout his tour of ALIS, Delaney…
While I started 2 companies that IPOed ; then served in Congress, I've learned more from raising 4 great kids. Being a parent is the great joy in life ; an indispensable set of life lessons. We need policies that help families like paid family leave ; expanded child tax credits.
The best investment we make is in early childhood education. Kids aged 2-4 with access to learning do far better across the rest of their education and beyond. While the little ones don't have a vote we all must advocate for universal Pre-K and expanded early childhood learning.
People just love to tell Mike Bloomberg (who has a pretty good record allocating his capital!) how he should spend his money. Let's make this primary debate about the real issues that matter to the American people   
Lots of people "jumping" into the race so I decided to do a few sets of 10 box jumps on the 30 inch platform as a warmup to my workout! 
The career politicians are complaining about another Democrat who was a very successful elected official, started an incredibly successful business ; is the largest funder of the gun safety ; climate movements in the US! Come on, let's focus on the issues! 
Trump got elected b/c we let big parts of our country fall behind economically. He then tried to ban Muslims, he separated kids, cut taxes on the rich, alienated allies, grew the deficit ; entered into a trade war. This time, let's have an economic plan for struggling communities
An extremely well crafted and thoughtful piece - perhaps the best essay on the 2020 race so far - and it has little to do with the "race."  is a good man and is a great writer.  
  celebrates his 40th trip to Iowa with a cake (bonus: shares a story about his 40th surprise birthday part…
  who has been to all 99 counties in Iowa, says his biggest issue focus in his campaign is fixing the disp…
 Happy to end our 40th trip to Iowa on a high note- a town hall for at the excellent in 
This is why I'm so focused on the needs of rural America and have real solutions to their struggles. Farmers and small towns in our heartland are under enormous pressure and have largely be ignored this election cycle.  
 John takes a turn driving Big Blue back to our 40th Trip party. Go Team ! 
 Thank you to Deb Jensen for introducing today! Best of luck on your Iowa House run!  ht…
We’ve become connected as global communities— but a lot of communities have been left behind, especially in rural Iowa. Programs like these are vital to the future of our country. 
Visiting the Wind Energy Program at Iowa Lakes CC in Estherville, where students are learning valuable life long career skills. We are at a point in time where we have to rethink education. Technology is changing everything, how we interact, how we get news.
 ‘We need to reimagine education as being Pre-K to what I’m calling 14, meaning community college or some technical train…
In rural Iowa, people are leaving because they can't find jobs. We need to boost rural economies and ensure that everyone, regardless of where they live, has a real chance to live the American Dream. My Heartland Fair Deal can do that.
Meeting with Nationwide employees and veterans in Des Moines this morning. One employee told me: “I’m supposed to be non-partisan but I really like John Delaney. He’s ready to be President on day one.” 
 I work for an awesome company that invites political candidates to come and speak. Today I had the opportunity to meet…
 ‘In Congress I led an effort to house families so they could visit their son or daughter at the veteran’s hospital in my…
 ‘John Kennedy said we can’t look for the Republican answer or for the Democrat answer, but we need to find the right ans…
 Addressing the team at Nationwide in  
"Throughout his tour of ALIS, Delaney demonstrated his command of a skill most campaigning politicians don’t possess: He knows how to listen, and he knows how to respond without passing off a qualification of the speaker’s answer."
"While the rest of the Democratic presidential candidates were in Atlanta preening and arguing about Medicare, former Congressman John Delaney visited Aldo Leopold Intermediate School Wednesday to talk to students about life, business and the value in being yourself."
 Thank you Burlington Hawk Eye for joining us at our visit of the Iowa After-school Alliance!  ht…
 Dinner with business leaders at Tin Roost in North Liberty, Iowa 
 Happy to be at Beancounter Coffeehouse in Burlington with and owner Suann! A great stop on a chilly day. ht…
 Hello Burlington! and team here to meet with the young entrepreneur program at the Iowa After-school Allian…
I think the next President has to be someone who can get things done. I'm a very forward-thinking person. 
 New episode (No. 61) of sits down with voters in the latest  installment: 
I'm driving through beautiful rural Iowa on my 40th trip here, talking to supporters along the way. Excited to head to Burlington, IA where I'll be speaking to young entrepreneurs at an afterschool program. 
Iowans deserve a president who is committed to RFS and who won't prioritize big oil refiners over farmers.
President Trump's mismanagement of the EPA has propped up the fossil fuel industry and hurt farmers in Iowa. Refusing to enforce the Renewable Fuel Standard means carbon emissions go up and farmland values and prices for ethanol go down. 
 ICYMI: In climate conversation he said,  “We can put a price on carbon.” 
new federal subsidies for negative emissions technology, and a Paris 2.0 agreement that invests $200 billion in new climate-related technologies. (2/2)
We need to encourage more breakthroughs like this by making a big bet on innovation, which is why I have proposed a five-fold increase to the DOE research budget, (1/2)
 Happy Wednesday, Iowa! is here today and tomorrow with stops at the Iowa Afterschool Alliance in Burlington…
Trump won in 2016 on jobs, his tough stance on China ; his focus on rural America. These 3 issues will also be his playbook for 2020.  His soft underbelly on these 3 issues is trade. As the only 2020 Democrat supporting the TPP, I'm in the best position to beat him on all three.
The right answer here is "YES."  It's really simple.  Obama was right.  Trump was wrong. 
BetterCare is not a public option, which is simply a gov't run insurance company (meaning it will have premiums etc). A public option does not address the tragedy of the uninsured. BetterCare is bold, pragmatic and can be unifying, which is where the Democratic Party needs to be
It incentivizes innovation and contains good reimbursement levels.   Like Medicare4all it is universal coverage without premiums but it allows for choice. It can be paid for without middle class tax increases, it won't cause havoc to the system ; it will produce quality care.
At  I made the case for Universal Healthcare (defined as every citizen having a guaranteed gov't plan with no premium). BetterCare does that and allows people to opt out of the gov't plan, receive a tax credit ; choose to keep their union or private insurance.
Tune in now as I take the stage at the  event! Watch here:  
 "If you care about workers, you vote for the Democrat. spoke at the California Democrats Fall Endorsing Convent…
 "We are a country of builders. We're a country of dreamers. We're a nation of immigrants. spoke at the Californ…
 "As John F. Kennedy famously said in 1958, we should not seek the Republican answer, we should not seek the Democratic answer,…
After speaking at the CA Dem convention I'm headed to Vegas to speak to the Nevada Dems. What a beautiful drive! 
 "I believe every citizen of our country should have a basic healthcare package for free as part of citizenship.
I’ll be taking the stage soon to speak at the CA Dems Fall Endorsing Convention. Tune in now! 
Sounds like President Obama believes we need "real solutions, not impossible promises" - I agree with him! 
Intense praise following John Delaney's remarks at a YPO luncheon today in DC. One CEO told Delaney, "You are the American Dream. You are what this country needs." Said Natalia Luis, CEO of M. Luis Construction: He's authentic. His message is moderate and rational.” 
'...America 2030 presentations early this year, Delaney would give an hour-long power point presentation about his ideas and goals.'&gt;&gt; Click here to watch our new 30 minute special 'Real Solutions':  
Iowa Starting Line: ‘Delaney is taking a novel approach in his advertising this Sunday, running a 30-minute on several Iowa TV stations...this is a return to one of the more effective tactics that Delaney employed earlier on in his run. At a series of well-attended...' (1/2)
The horror of yet another school shooting today and the agony of more grieving families. Lives altered forever. There have been 491 such school shootings in six years.  Time to act.
I welcome to the race and equating his role at Bain with buying companies ; slashing jobs is dumb. He started a new business at Bain to invest in ways that will help the world; we should want to redirect investments towards the public good 
Or actually create full universal federal healthcare with choice and insurance options like my BetterCare Plan. Basic universal coverage for free + private insurance/employers plans available + fully paid for w/o tax increases = pragmatic and bold healthcare reform. 
 The $40,000 ad buy will air between 10:30 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. Sunday on WHO in Des Moines, as well as local network affiliat…
Impact Investing, which is what was doing, makes capitalism more just and is vastly different than buying companies ; over leveraging them. My point is not about him  but I just hate to see that there is no differentiation or analysis done in any of this reporting.
 Something different from Iowa as you wade through impeachment tweets: John Delaney is set to run 30-minute long infomerci…
 Get ready for these 30-minute infomercials from John Delaney that will air across Iowa this weekend 
I'm glad faith leaders are speaking out against the immoral revocation of DACA. Our faith is very important to April and me and for decades we've actively supported groups within the Catholic Church that protect and help the immigrant and the refugee.  
This is very heartfelt. is a very good journalist/moderator and is a very good man. 
If we want to deal with all the issues that are going to affect the world in the next several decades, we must work with our allies. TPP is a good example of this strategy. 
A big win for common sense.  
In some ways this is missing the entire point. While the media certainly contributes to partisanship (because it sells $$$) we must cure the underlying disease, which is the deep divisions in our country. Until we do that - with real leadership - then nothing changes. 
By any objective measure "the field" is great but the few candidates the media wants to cover to create a "horserace" and the candidates culled by the DNC donor standard is not as good as the whole field. That's called a bad process, which we will regret  
Maybe the Democratic field is very good, but that the front runners are not. That's the problem with trying to create a "horserace" too soon, or using random criteria for selecting the debate stage, a lot of strong candidates with good messages are not getting attention.
I wonder if people are starting to question if the DNC debate rules are not serving the best interests of the party by excluding qualified, and pragmatic, voices from the debate? 
We absolutely need more women in all levels of public service but I'm not sure the debate stage is a relevant benchmark for experience as this cycle a woman and a man have reached the debate stage who have never been elected to anything! Let's debate ideas 
On Veteran's Day let's make sure we thank the brave men and women who have served our country, who've put themselves in the position to potentially make the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom and our liberty. 
We need a big tent Democratic Party - welcoming of progressives and moderates - with a focus on pragmatic approaches to achieve big ideas. A big tent Democratic Party beats Trump and can govern.
That’s a really powerful combination, because you’ve had experience leading in public service but you also understand how the economy works. And let’s face it, the economy is the most important issue for pretty much every American.(2/2)
Most Dem primary voters and most people in this country are looking for people who have had business experience and experience actually serving as an elected official.(1/2)
Income and wealth inequality in our nation is appalling and interest rates contribute to it. Consider this: low interest rates inflate asset values (helps the rich) and hurts social security (everyone else) since the SS trust fund only owns Treasury Bills 
I still think it's not helpful to go after other democratic candidates as people (there were people on the debate stage that were never elected) but we should have an absolutely ferocious battle of ideas.  We need new ideas to build a better future. 
On healthcare, let's fix what is broken and keep what is working. If we nominate someone who was a leader in business and in government, we beat Trump. Right now, I'm the only candidate with that profile. Period.  
So many issues in our country could be addressed with a $2 trillion infrastructure plan. It would create jobs, improve people's lives, connect distressed communities, address climate, improve our competitiveness. Simple. Easy. High Impact. And with the right POTUS - bipartisan!
We shouldn't worry about other candidates, we are not pundits, we should focus on our plans to improve people's lives. The "horse race"  stuff ruins the opportunity to have a battle of ideas. Anyone who wants to run, should run. But let's debate the ideas! 
What a stupid debate - generational conflict is pointless. The last 30 years have seen the greatest poverty alleviation in the history of the world and a rise in inequality. You can spin those facts to either side. Let's work together on solving problems.  
Whether he runs or not is an extraordinarily successful public servant, business leader, philanthropist and fact based decision maker (I obviously like that profile.....😀) and I'm glad he's a democrat.
"Historically, industrial pollution has disproportionately affected communities of color and we can't let that happen with climate pollution," John Delaney tells a SRO crowd at Martin Luther King Auditorium in Orangeburg, SC 
Kitchen table issues win swing voters - not spending all of our time talking about how bad Trump is. The biggest kitchen table issue is infrastructure. We should build a lot of it - it improves people's lives and creates lots of good jobs. Jobs. Jobs. Jobs 
A forward looking study: Artificial Intelligence To Create 133 Million New Jobs and cause 75 Million Jobs to be Displaced By 2022.  Net Job Growth of 58 Million Jobs, but a big skills gap to address.  
From McKinsey: since 1980 technology has eliminated 3.5 Million jobs and it has created 19 million jobs - net gain of 15.5 million jobs.  Technology creates more jobs than it displaces, but there is a skills/geographic mismatch that gov't must address. 
About to address the Bully Pulpit Forum at College of Charleston! 
Be sure to tune in from 3:30-4:30 pm ET today to watch my roundtable at the College of Charleston Bully Pulpit Series! 
4/4 When you combine expanded EITC with an infrastructure program, PreK, skills training, research investment, expanded child care ; care giver credits ; universal healthcare you get a real agenda for addressing technological disruption. An agenda that can happen and be paid for.
3/4. It's a ludicrous idea. Which is why we need real solutions, like doubling the EITC, which would add 14 million Americans to the program and increase payments by $1,500 a year. That could be paid for by raising capital gains taxes and a robot tax. That can actually happen.
2/4 What that means is that despite claims to the contrary, taxing big corporations won't come close to paying for UBI. If you taxed the Fortune 500 at 100% you will pay for about a 1/4 of UBI and it wipes out $19 trillion dollars of US wealth (including pensions, IRAs, 401(k)s).
1/4 There is a much better and pragmatic way forward than UBI to deal with technology disruption. UBI costs $3-4 trillion a year. Last year, all of the Fortune 500 companies made a combined profit of about $900 Billion.
I call Warren and Sanders’ health care plans bad for healthcare quality and access. An excellent interview on Tune in!
3/3  So before we embrace nationalism and isolationism and before we decide to throw our entire economic model out the window and adopt socialism, maybe we should start simply making smart decisions and have leaders that focus on our future.
2/2  If we had done those things, Trump is not President, income inequality would be lower, upward mobility would rise, our GDP would be higher and our debt lower.  Decisions matter and made some very bad decisions the past 20 yrs - both in our actions ; in our failure to act.
1/3 Let's imagine that we didn't invade Iraq and instead we spent $2 Trillion on a national infrastructure program, doubled the EITC, made PreK universal, implemented free community college/career ; technical training and passed immigration reform - all potentially bipartsian.
Since innovation has always created more jobs than its disrupts (but that process is very uneven) the right answer is, in fact, a combination of retraining, better public schools, more infrastructure, expanded EITC and a strong safety net. The right answer is not UBI. 
Or maybe they might ask "why did we go down the path of even considering candidates that wanted to force the majority of the country to fundamentally change how they and their families receive healthcare coverage?" 
Check out the book "Factfulness" as it explains how globalization, technology and leaders have made the world a MUCH better place across the last several decades. We have much work still to do, but we must appreciate the progress we've made.  
Joyce and Trump share a stream of consciousness style, but the similarities certainly end there. Ulysses is masterpiece, Trump's tweets are a collective catastrophe.  
Kudos to my friend former Governor Terry McAuliffe and the vast army of volunteers who turned out the vote. A terrific victory for Democrats.(2/2)
Congratulations to Virginia on flipping both the House of Delegates and the Senate and turning the entire state blue last night for the first time in a generation. This happened right on Donald Trump’s doorstep.(1/2)
 Thank you for hosting Candidate Café with ! Good food, good casual conversations with voter…
Obviously leaving the Paris Agreement is a mistake. But we need to be honest that the Paris deal didn’t go far enough. If the US wants to regain global leadership on climate we need to make more ambitious commitments. Time for Paris 2.0. 
Senator Warren's employer tax to pay for M4A discourages hiring and will prevent small businesses from growing...it's simply bad policy. It's bad for business and it's bad for workers.We don't need this. My BetterCare plan works.
Happy  All across the country, Americans at the local and state level will cast their vote to help determine the future of our nation. Make sure you exercise your right to vote!
Global engagement must be at the center of any serious climate policy. We must reengage with our partners around the world to solve this crisis, and my Paris 2.0 plan does just that.
The healthcare debate in a nutshell:Universal healthcare for free with no ability to choose a private plan: Warren ; SandersUniversal healthcare for free with the ability to choose a private plan: Delaney Not proposing universal healthcare: Biden, Buttigieg, Klobuchar
I've been to all of Iowa's 99 counties because I'm the only 2020 Dem that truly cares about rural America. My economic agenda uniquely works for rural communities. With the right candidate we can win rural America and ensure that we beat Trump.
His plan does not provide universal healthcare. We can provide universal healthcare and allow people to keep their private health plans with my BetterCare plan. 
15% of Americans are uninsured - My BetterCare plan and Medicare4All each create universal healthcare and will insure everyone, but they differ in that BetterCare doesn't disrupt 85% of the healthcare market to cover the 15%. It keeps what's working ; fixes what's broken
I made this same point (without the unicorn reference) in June at the debate (and the NBC moderators we're frantically cutting me off despite letting everyone else go over their allotted time....). I'm just saying, it's good to debate the facts. 
 It’s official! ✅Stopped at the visitors center ✅Filed at the office of Secretary Gardner   
 Thank you so much to the Manchester Rotary Club for letting John speak about his focus on national service!  
 This is tonight!!! 🌏 🌎 🌍 
 “We deserve leaders who will find common ground and bring people together... who will find that common ground and get re…
 “Wouldn’t it be great if the president woke up every day and either through prayer or self reflection committed to findi…
Speaking live now at the No Labels Conference. Tune in now! 
 Presidential candidate speaks to attendees 
 Thank you to Catherine Crist, Sen Tom Harkin and IA State Sen Rob Hogg for putting on the Accessibility Forum. Take note…
 Hundreds attend No Labels Problem Solver Convention in Manchester. Presidential candidates scheduled to speak this afternoon (in…
 Do you like pizza? 🍕 Do you like  and want to meet presidential candidate ? Come to our Manchest…
We could beat Trump in rural America by embracing Obama's TPP - it will make every acre of farm land more valuable, grow our economy and give us a new framework for global leadership. If we start winning rural America, we create a governing majority. 
Pelosi is right; we have to win the Electoral College. If we do that, we can govern ; build a better future. To most Americans, labels like "progressive" or "moderate" are not relevant to their lives. We need to run on real solutions, not ideology.  
 Raucous applause as starts his speech with the story of his father, a 60 year member of the today at…
 Happening now in Cedar Rapids: the Accessibility Caucus with Sen Harkin, IA State Senator Ron Hogg and hosted by Catheri…
 Press gaggle: ‘If I become President I want to allow for the creation on non-profit banks which would provide incentive…
 ‘We lent money to 5,000 to small businesses. We found amazing opportunities w minority owned businesses and that’s why t…
 At the forum ‘Every person - regardless of the color of their skin - should have exactly the…
I’m about to take the stage at the NAACP Economic Forum with Tune in here to watch!
2/2 But it must be a smart form of universal healthcare. My plan, BetterCare, is increasingly being recognized for its unique and pragmatic approach to ensure that every American has healthcare as a basic human right.
1/2 I'm glad the healthcare discussion is coming into focus. The "public option" candidates are not proposing any meaningful fix to our broken healthcare system. There is nothing wrong with it, but it's a very small fix to a very big problem. We need universal healthcare. Period.
 Had to make time for a stop at Smokey Row on our way to the NAACP Empowerment forum then the
This statement is fundamentally not true. My BetterCare plan gives everyone in America health care for free, it doesn't raise middle class taxes or cause upheaval.  Medicare4all is a single payer plan; very few countries with universal healthcare have a single payer system. 
  focusing his speech very heavily on rural issues. Mentions Art Cullen’s recent editorial on Delaney’s rur…
About to take the stage at  to address the thousands of engaged and excited  ready to fight for our future. Tune in at 
April and I became friends with and Amy when we all came to Congress in 2013 and we wish them all the best. Beto is an honorable man, has a great family ; has made an enormous contribution to his community ; to our country as a Member of Congress and as a candidate.
Live on ABC News from the Delaney Pre-Game in  Tune in now:  
Tune in to the  ! will be live on ABC News at 230p CT from the Delaney Pre-Game in  for the LJ Celebration. Click here to watch live:  
We should not underestimate how hard Trump will lean into the economy and we need a candidate who can go toe-to-toe with him on jobs and growth.  
A "public option" is a government run insurance company that does not go nearly far enough in addressing the inequality in our healthcare system. We need universal healthcare; most developed nations have universal healthcare. But Medicare4all is a bad plan, BetterCare works.
I was the first person to point out the flaws of Medicare4all and I'm the only one with a real universal healthcare plan that works. numbers don't add up and the "public options" Dems don't go far enough. BetterCare is the only sensible universal healthcare plan.
I've got four kids, and went trick-or-treating with my youngest last night, which was my 26th year in a row trick-or-treating with one or more of my kids!!!  That is unrivaled experience among the 2020 field in the important category of Halloween candy and candy corns are iconic. 
 is right when she says candidates should be honest about if they believe in universal healthcare. ONLY and I have proposed TRUE universal healthcare. My plan,BetterCare, does that without massive upheaval and disruption. 
Sobering results from the NAEP report card on student learning but there were some real bright spots, including Mississippi and D.C.  We need to learn from the schools districts that are doing well.  
Watch, listen and learn. 
Trump is the worst President for farmers. I commit to end the trade war and enter the TPP, which would help farmers, affirm our ties with allies, position us to successfully compete with China AND give us a powerful argument against Trump in rural America 
"When I started my own companies, I worked hard to provide loans to people in areas that had no access to capital. I will do this for Iowa." 
Giving us the sleeves off their vest. Political ad spending on Twitter is small and therefore not a big deal. The bigger issue is protecting people from manipulation by things like doctored videos (deep fakes) on these "news" platforms.  
"Delaney is working hard in rural Iowa for support. He deserves your attention. Iowans can make a difference in how health care, climate change, reviving rural America and immigration reform get settled."(6/6)
"This is why we need candidates like John Delaney in the race. He has clear ideas about how to move capital flows back to the Rust Belt and forgotten rural areas. He has aggressive plans for climate change that are founded in functioning private markets."(5/6)
in Iowa, is left with substandard policies that don’t even meet ACA guidelines. It provides competition in near-monopoly markets like Iowa’s. It gets everyone insured, from birth, with no premiums and no higher taxes..."(4/6)
"Delaney’s plan is more defensible politically. It takes care of the small business that can’t afford $5,000 deductibles and premiums rising in cost by more than 20% per year. It takes care of the individual buyer who, (3/6)
"Warren said she will introduce her details soon. She might consult Delaney’s plan, because it offers the most practical way to get to universal coverage."(2/6)
 "Because the Democratic National Committee and the television networks would like to concentrate on three or four candidates, we are not hearing about what might be the best proposal out there — from John Delaney of Maryland." (1/6)
Obama on people being overly judgmental: "That's not activism. That's not bringing about change. if all you're doing is casting stones, you're probably not going to get that far. That's easy to do."  As usual, he is spot on accurate.  
As a HUGE supporter of public schools I understand that charter schools are public schools. While they should be subject to appropriate oversight, they are vital and successful for many students, parents and communities and should not  be attacked. 
NATS-NATS-NATS! Everyone in Delaneyland sends best wishes to the Nationals as they take on the Astros in Houston tonight in game 6. We're with you all the way. Go Nats!
Most of the candidates have become disconnected from reality. To not tell voters how you are going to pay for a plan is an insult to taxpayers, it shows a disregard for the next generation that is inheriting our debts ; it shows you have no real plan for governing. 
"Delaney will continue to do what he has been doing, which is spending an enormous amount of time talking to rural voters who have been harmed by Trump administration trade policies and “whose voices, I think, are important for the Democratic Party.”" 
St. Peter meets a man at the gates of heaven and says: "you may enter but first show us your scars. The man says he has no scars and St. Peter responds: was there nothing worth fighting for?"  A lesson for all of us - fight for something! (PS twitter posts don't count!)
A friend sent this picture of me helping Elijah get up some stairs and thru a crowded home at an event last spring. Made me smile - he was such a deeply good man. 
The cost of doing nothing is not nothing. Our failure to address climate change combined with our underinvestment in infrastructure is creating a situation where fires will happen more often and be more devastating.  
Hello Iowa! Join me for the DELANEY PRE-GAME this Friday, Nov. 1 before the LJ Celebration!Come to Buzzard Billy’s from 3p-6p in Des Moines for food ; drink, photos ; fun. RSVP to fran . See you there! 
My good friend (who I nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize) just threw out a great first pitch at the Nats game. He feeds, he cares, and he pitches. Well done Jose!!! 
Feeling good about tonight - at the game with April, Brooke and Grace. GO NATS!!!!!!!!!!⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️⚾️ 
I am saddened by the passing of  my former colleague John Conyers, a singular civil rights champion and a dedicated fighter for his beloved community in Detroit. May he Rest In Peace.
Thanks, Chuck. I guess imitation is the best form of flattery. But Iowans should want a leader who get to the "right answer" first.... 
Agree, someone needs to say it and I did 5 months ago on the debate stage! The truth is Medicare4all is impractical and a public option doesn't go far enough. We need universal healthcare with choice like my BetterCare plan. 
I am grateful for the brave patriots who risked their lives to advance our safety and security. Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi was a monster and the world is better without him. Today we should reflect on the work of our amazing armed forces and all those who contributed to this operation.
With John Shaunessey and his son Frankie, the lucky winners of our World Series Sweepstakes⚾️⚾️ John is from Clemson, SC and just opened the Moe Joe Coffee Company in Clemson - check it out!! Game about to start. Go Nats!!!! 
 If he is looking in mirrors, he will find corruption wherever he goes. 
 “... we need a president is committed to and wants to bring incubators and accelerators to  ‘s.”
 speaks to press after addressing students at about criminal justice reform. He tells me, if…
 Congressman is sharing his goals for  
I’ll be speaking soon at the 2019 Second Step Presidential Justice Forum in Columbia, South Carolina! Watch here:  
Today's funeral service for Elijah Cummings, in his beloved hometown of Baltimore, was a blessing. April and I enjoyed the celebration of his life at his church and we appreciate the hospitality of the beautiful New Psalmist Baptist Church. May God Bless him.
Dear rural Iowa, I need your help.
 is a great friend, a good man and a powerful voice for workers. My dad (a construction worker) used to say "if you care about workers you vote for the Democrat."  That is Tim Ryan's Democratic Party! 
🧠+💪+❤️=great POTUS 
Paying for universal healthcare is easy as I show with my BetterCare plan. It's the only fully paid for universal healthcare plan that doesn't raise middle class taxes.  
Last chance to enter for a chance to win World Series tickets for Game 4! Donate to enter now! ⚾️ ⚾️ 🎉 
 Special delivery from the Big Blue RV for campaign signs for students at - look for the bi…
 Enjoyed a terrific discussion yesterday with and about paid family leave for moms and dads and al…
It was a beautiful memorial for my friend Elijah Cummings today in the Capitol and the tributes to this great man were heartfelt and moving. 
With my beautiful daughter Summer on her wedding day a month ago in her room with her favorite childhood stuffed animal. Today is her 27th Birthday - Happy Birthday Summer!! ♥️♥️ 
One by one the other candidates are realizing I was right. We have to get universal healthcare (public options and "Medicare fo All Who Want It" is NOT universal healthcare) but eliminating private insurance is bad policy and politics. My BetterCare plan is the way forward. 
Donate any amount to be entered for a chance to win tickets to the World Series this Saturday with me! Go Nats! ⚾️  
 That’s fine, I root for my team, but I’m a big fan of bipartisanship. I’m sure we can find some common ground. By the way, I’m a BIG fan now, but grew up a BIG fan.
Here’s the link to enter: 
 Are my hometown team and I'm BIG fan. What's up - don't like baseball??? If you are a fan, feel free to enter! You can even bring as your guest if you win and I'll buy the beer (or a coke if you prefer). 
The truth is is right to fight for universal healthcare, and the folks who just want a public option are wrong for not going far enough, but we need a universal healthcare plan that allows for choice, like my BetterCare Plan, which is paid for.  
Chip in any amount and you’ll be automatically entered for a chance to win two seats to the World Series this weekend. 
Excited to watch the Nats play tonight! I’m even more excited because this year, I’m inviting a lucky winner (and their guest) to come watch the World Series with me!
Teddy Roosevelt described even seeing a lynching as a "hideous sight which when once seen can never be wholly erased from the mental retina" - Trump implying an equivalency of brutal lawless torture to what the House is doing is disgusting.
Wishing President Jimmy Carter a speedy and complete recovery.  He's an amazing fighter and a real hero to us all.  
Unregulated social media platforms divide us, which sets the stage for Trump. He further divides us and cable news coverage breaks along party lines. The DNC decides to create the "social media primary" before the Iowa caucus, pushing Ds left. It's like watching a car accident.
It should be noted that the DNC created massive incentives for the 2020 candidates to orient their campaigns towards Facebook to meet the donor requirements. Ironic, isn't it?  via
Fears of automation displacing most jobs are misplaced. The truth is innovation always creates more jobs than it displaces; the problem is the new jobs don't go to the people who lost their jobs, which is why we need a strong safety net and major public investment programs.
 Cedar Rapids: takes the stage at the Hall of Fame event: “The truth is, if we want to grow…
  takes the stage at the Party Hall of Fame Dinner in Cedar Rapids. 
 Elkader, Iowa: takes the stage and shares his memories of Rep. Cummings and the need for American leadershi…
In Strawberry Point Iowa.....very subtle. 
In time, the isolationism promoted by Trump and many democrats will be viewed as very damaging. As Obama rightly said: "While America has never been able to right every wrong, America has made the world a more secure and prosperous place"   via
Brexit is ripping the UK apart before our eyes and crippling government with competing sides beyond reconciliation. It is a warning sign of what will happen in the United States unless the center holds and begins moderating important economic and foreign policy decisions.
I was again asked today "did I learn more from starting a business or in Congress?"  I said "neither, I learned most raising a family, which teaches you it's not about you ; to focus on the stuff that really matters." This is why I listen to what matters to working families.
The formula for shared prosperity is straight forward: a federal gov't supporting workers/investing in infrastructure and R;D/providing strong safety net, local gov't supporting start ups ; funding education and our citizens supporting each other through community service.
When is the last time you heard anyone tell you that across the last several decades billions of human beings have been lifted out of poverty because of globalization (trade), technological interconnection and the spreading of free market economics?  It is the truth.
These are dark times but the truth is the world gets better every year if you consider poverty, child welfare, life expectancy ; peace. No one says it - it doesn't sell in the media - but that's the fact. We have to lift up struggling workers ; address climate for it to continue
Truly historic and worthy of celebration  - "one giant leap for WOMANkind" 
Trump's impeachment will increasingly be focused on his administration of his powers as Comanmder in Chief and his taking actions in Syria that are against the national and homeland security interests of the United States of America.
Focusing our efforts on supporting startups that are good environmental citizens, embrace inclusion and diversity, and give back to their community will save capitalism.
We need more new businesses in rural America ; the Heartland StartUp Tour is about making that happen. Economic growth starts when someone takes a risk, starts a business ; creates jobs. That's what I did ; that's what so many great entrepreneurs do every day. Let's cheer them on 
Erdogan played and pushed around and caved - there is no other way to say it. To my Republican friends, this would not have happened to Ronald Reagan.  
Thanks, Senator for the great intro. The event at was one of the best events we've ever done because it was focused on building and creating things through entrepreneurship. Big thanks to Jason Hall (a great entrepreneur) and his amazing team at Moxie! 
 Kicking off his Heartland StartUp Tour at in North Liberty, is joined by State Sen. Rob Hogg, Mox…
Here in North Liberty, Iowa kicking off the Heartland StartUp tour with Great to hear from these entrepreneurs. 
The key to economic growth and security is a combination of local policies that allow entrepreneurs to thrive and support public education AND federal policy that supports workers, infrastructure, and the safety net. That's an unbeatable combination and it's my focus!
Headed to a Heartland StartUp tour event at Moxie Solar in North Liberty, Iowa and then will sit down one-on-one with some entrepreneurs and provide advice from my own experience financing 5,000 small businesses. Supporting entrepreneurs in rural America is top of my agenda.
This dramatically increases the likelihood the Senate votes to convict and remove Trump from office. That's it. That's the tweet. 
Adding to this  The problem in our economy is more of a "pay" problem than a "jobs" problem, which is why doubling the EITC is exactly what we need. In addition, we have a huge concentration of opportunity in a handful of places, which is why we need to make public investments. 
Krugman is right, the idea that automation will take away all the jobs is a complete fantasy. Innovation always displaces AND creates jobs, that's how progress works. What we need is massive public investment in workers and infrastructure to manage change 
When will Elizabeth Warren come out with her own health plan that DOESN'T include the terrible idea of making private insurance illegal?
 Thank you for a great visit! 
 Getting wired up by for on ‘Insiders’ this Sunday- tune in! 
Watch live as I speak with the Des Moines Register editorial board:  
April and I are heartbroken about the loss of our good friend Elijah Cummings. We loved everything about him - he was a man of character, intelligence, kindness and grace. Our nation has lost one of our truly great leaders.  We pray for him, for the wonderful Maya and his family.
Let's face it, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan played like a cheap fiddle.
We must provide real-world, market-based solutions to the affordable housing crisis. My plan will increase the supply of affordable housing units, reduce the cost of housing, and help struggling families stay in their homes. 
Mayor Bloomberg is right - the American people don't need more impossible promises or plans that have no chance of becoming realty. They need us to get things done with real solutions.  
Two hours between my speech this AM in Atlanta and flight to Iowa and found a good little gym called Olympus Gym near the Atlanta airport that is well run by Dirk!  Check it out for a quick workout if you have a layover. 
I’m speaking now at the  Tune in here:  
These questions about age are inappropriate in my judgement.
 and are the best examples of teamwork and winning in DC. Glad April and I took some time to watch the Nats (and debate)! 
The opioid crisis claims thousands of lives in the US every month. Here's my policy to address the ongoing epidemic and prevent new cases of addiction:  
Earlier this year I outlined my full foreign policy agenda, which is based around restoring a sense of responsibility and leadership. 
You can learn more about my health care plan, BetterCare, here &gt;&gt; 
 health care plan is not ambition enough because it doesn't create universal healthcare and Medicare for All is bad healthcare policy because it takes away choice and underfunds the system. My plan BetterCare provides both universal healthcare and choice.
Elizabeth Warren is still refusing to give honest answers about her Medicare for All plan.  The plan is full of holes and she won't even try to defend them.  It's all talking points.  We need a REAL plan for universal health care.  I have one.
Since Reagan is a hero to Republicans they should follow his lead. According to Ronald Reagan's Secretary of State George Shultz, Reagan was concerned enough about climate change to try to do something about it.   
 It’s only a week old, but Trump’s decision to withdraw U.S. forces from northern Syria is already a full-fledged forei…
Trump's impulsive, non fact based, and ignorant approach to foreign policy - this time in Syria - is a disaster and causing another humanitarian crisis.  
Nice New Hampshire morning! 
 Beautiful autumn weekend for an  swing through NH! Thank you to Claremont, Nelson, Raymond and Rochester Dems for t…
If we built infrastructure, increased the EITC, had a public option, universal PreK, free community college/tech training ; paid family leave we would MATERIALLY improve people's lives. These things are all doable and they don't involved flushing the entire US economic model.
 I like this entrepreneurial approach to a presidential campaign. Building something together can heal a whol…
 The big blue bus stopped by the office today in  today to get our tickets to the u…
Come discuss your business ideas next week as I kick off my Heartland StartUp Tour in North Liberty.  
The IMF is recommending exactly the proposal that I introduced on a bi-partisan basis in the Congress. A carbon fee and dividend will work and can get done politically. This is a real solution.  
"The cost of doing nothing is not nothing" is one of my favorite expressions. Power outages in California may now be the new normal because we failed to do two things: Address climate change AND invest in infrastructure.      
Trump is financially illiterate and he's running our country like one of his failed real estate projects - overly rosy projections, too much debt, and a lack of fiscal discipline. Today's deficit levels will crush the next generation.  
 Spotted! Our big blue bus had stops today in Cedar Rapids, North Liberty, Davenport and the worlds largest…
This is what my Heartland StartUp Tour is about - bringing jobs and entrepreneurship to struggling communities in rural America.  
The ultimate crisis in not Trump - the Constitution gave us a remedy for that with impeachment - the crisis is that Republicans in Congress have thus far demonstrated blind loyalty to him and ignored their Constitutional responsibilities.
What most people want us to do is work together to improve their lives. They know we aren't perfect, and that we don't always agree, but they want us to occasionally put aside those differences ; get things done to improves their lives. Think about how far we've strayed from that
In its current form, capitalism is causing extreme income inequality ; leaving too many behind. Throwing out capitalism or a gov't takeover of industry, however, will make the entire country less prosperous ; even more will be left behind. The right answer is to fix capitalism.
The President doesn't care about serving the best interests of the American people. He has violated the oath of office. 
Regardless of what the Court decides after today's arguments, LGBTQ Americans deserve full protection against discrimination of any kind. As president, I pledge to sign the  into law to ensure that trans rights are never again called into question.
We should join the TPP - that would be the most direct thing we could do to help farmers (and allow us compete with China, deal with climate change, and firm up alliances). Of course, I'm the only 2020 who believes that (PS it was Obama's idea) 
"In my great and unmatched wisdom" - a skilled comedy writer could not have written a better parody of a Trump tweet but unfortunately this is real and it concerns very serious U.S. policy, the lives of Kurds, and our honor as a nation. Trump is unhinged. 
The MIT experiment shows that independents were significantly turned off by the leftward move of the party and there was no evidence to suggest that it increases turnout. Translation: running too far left increases Trump's chance of winning.   
Trump is abandoning the Kurds - this is a terrible way to treat a partner that fought side by side with our troops in some of our toughest battles - and it shows that under Trump the U.S. doesn't stand by its word. 
It amazes me how certain comments get attention yet entirely miss the point. It doesn't matter what Republicans would do in "secret" - no votes in Congress are "secret" - that's the whole point!  Focus on getting Republicans to openly stand up to Trump! 
"In Wisconsin, a private insurer will pay the hospital nearly three times what Medicare would pay" - we have a rural hospital crisis and Medicare4All will make it worse by slashing rates. My plan BetterCare is universal coverage that helps rural hospitals. 
Great day on the trail in South Carolina and just made my flight so the only dinner I had time for is my favorite protein shake 
Speaking now to a great crowd at the  
End Trump's trade war and join the TPP and there will be fewer Amazon fires. That's a fact. Farmers in Brazil set the fires to clear the land to grow soybeans. Why? Because our trade wars created an opportunity for them.  Trade and climate are linked.  
Rudy Giuliani and Trump have one thing in common - neither should be anywhere near any lever of power, let alone the White House.  
As the only real entrepreneur ; job creator in the race, I have solutions to creating jobs in our heartland with entrepreneurship, innovation ; investment. My conversation with the imaginary Trump voter in this piece would be different ; I'd get their vote 
For all of these challenges we have, there is a right way forward. This is a magnificent country.  
This is wrong. The President prides himself on being a nationalists but when it comes to investigating his political rivals he is a globalist.  We cannot normalize this lawless and norm busting behavior.  
 "Many Democrats turned their back on President Obama and let the perfect be the enemy of the good. Too few Democrats st…
Watch live now as I deliver remarks at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs!  
 "In my opinion, the world keeps getting better every single day, which is not something we hear a lot about," says
 TODAY, Oct. 2, at 5:30 pm CT, the Council welcomes 2020 candidate for a speech on US foreign policy. It's…
I had a great time in beautiful Storm Lake, Johnston and Sioux City this weekend! 
April and I extend our prayers to and wish him a full and complete recovery from his surgery.  His fighting spirit will sustain him during this time, as will the support and love of his family, friends and countless supporters.
Trump is waging a two front war on our farmers. The first front is the trade war and the second is the ethanol waivers. Together, they are crushing Iowa. If Dems get behind the TPP we can win Iowa, the heartland ; the White House. And it's the right policy 
It is worth checking out the fantastic series of opinion pieces in the on the atrocious murder of Post reporter Jamal Khashoggi and the issues that flow from it.
Me walking my amazing and beautiful daughter down the aisle last week at her wedding. The wedding was presided over by a reverend, a priest and a rabbi - sounds like the beginning of a joke - but turned out to be an amazing interfaith affair. We were truly blessed and happy. 
Trump's Agricultural Secretary said: "In America, the big get bigger and the small go out" when discussing the pressure.  on small family farms caused by Trump's trade war. We now know Trump's agenda regarding small farms - he has no use for them! Shameful 
Jimmy Carter was right about many things, including our need to move to green energy solutions (he put solar panels on the WH way back in 1979!). Happy Birthday President Carter.   
 🚨 Alert!🚨 Thank you Micheal B. and Mary I. for your support of  
 Hello Des Moines! was in Iowa on his 36th trip this weekend. One stop was in beautiful Perry -thank you to…
 🚨 THIS WEEK 🚨On Wed., Oct. 2, the Council welcomes 2020 candidate for a speech on US for…
It was an honor speaking at the Webster County Democrats Annual Pork Chop Dinner tonight in Fort Dodge! Thanks for having me 
Shana Tova! Wishing a sweet and Happy New Year to all celebrating Rosh Hashanah.
 . is touring The Forge in Jefferson today. Thanks,  for sharing this game-changing model for r…
Just spoke to a great group of excited and engaged Democrats at the Harry Hopkins dinner here in Sioux City! Check out my remarks here: 
It was great talking with the and editor of The Storm Lake Times in Storm Lake, IA this afternoon. 
Beautiful morning in Johnston, IA, and a great turn out for a great cause  Let’s fight the stigma of mental illness together! 
Excited for our new Iowa plan; focusing on jobs and innovation in rural Iowa. In the age of Trump, Democrats have to aggressively push an economic message into rural America - it can't be business (or campaigning) as usual!
Things feel very dark right now - lawless President, failure to address climate - but let's not forget the incredible progress that we've made over many decades. Fact: poverty ; hunger go down every year; the world gets better each day b/c of innovation. 
Today, I am announcing my Heartland StartUp Tour, focused on revitalizing rural and struggling communities, helping them get access to capital, jobs and more. Read about it here! 
The President clearly called on a foreign power to interfere in our elections and tried to cover it up. We must follow Speaker Pelosi's lead and follow through with the impeachment inquiry. 
Watch live: I’m talking with on now! 
"It's always the cover up rather than the event that gets you into trouble"  - Howard Baker, Chief of Staff to Ronald Reagan
 Do you know what favorite national park is or outside escape? Well as part of our presidential candidate voter…
"Trump has confirmed that, at a minimum, he heavily pressured a foreign leader to intervene in the 2020 election, while dangling a political favor and withholding congressionally approved aid. The integrity of US democracy depends on how Congress responds" 
💪💪 
 “I work out because it makes me feel good. I don’t think it’s something people should vote on, let me put it that way.”--…
Statement on Impeachment Inquiry Against Trump: 
Make sure your voice is heard in every election: federal, state, and local. Register to vote today. 
Trump tells U.N.: "The future does not belong to globalists" - he may be right if he ends up running against an anti-TPP, isolationist democrat. The 2020 race is also about the US role in the world.  
 (1/4) In our discussion about the role of government in fixing healthcare, 2020 presidential candidate rais…
It is wrong to think that the way to address climate change is to end capitalism.  I would argue the opposite. The way to address climate change is to innovate, scale and encourage clean energy solutions globally, which requires government incentives and free market economics.
 Happy birthday to the Boss!!! I feel some of his early albums are basically my issues page for the campaign... 
400,000 Americans have died from opioid related overdoses.  This has had more of an impact on the lives of our citizens than nearly anything else - only cancer, heart disease, and respiratory disease cause more loss of life. It must become a top issue in 2020.
Concerts: 30 Favorite song: Racing in the Streets 
We need a candidate who can go toe to toe with Trump on the economy. As a former entrepreneur, I am best equipped to do that.  I'm the only candidate with business experience who also served in Congress. 
 Mark your calendars! 2020 candidate is heading back to New Hampshire the weekend of Oct. 12 ; 13!! Meet Joh…
I'm live on with and now!
Glad to see another oped (this time in about the carbon fee and dividend "new idea" that I introduced two years ago in Congress..... it is the best way forward on climate.  
A tragedy of inaction. Think about all the things that have consumed attention over the years - HRC's emails, Mueller Report, wall funding etc - while we lost the equivalent of a Vietnam war a year to drug overdoses and largely did nothing. Shameful.  
As I've said for years: "a carbon fee is good for people, with all the revenue allocated as equal payments to everyone, roughly two-thirds of households will receive as much or more money from the carbon dividend as they will pay for increased costs“ 
April and I had a truly joyous day yesterday as we celebrated the beautiful marriage of our daughter Summer to Nick. We are so happy for them, proud of them, and everyone in attendance was moved by the depth of their love and commitment to each other.  It is a blessing. 
  couldn't make it to the Steak Fry because of his daughter's wedding, but that doesn't mean that 
We need to take bold, decisive action on climate change. My plan gets us to net zero carbon emissions by 2050: 
Proud to see the size of the crowds out at the  today. This is one of the most important issues facing the world, and we should be holding this administration accountable for their failure to act.
 Thank you, So excited for the big day
 Fmr. Rep. Delaney says America's international trade relationships are key to fighting climate change."Our current president i…
 Thanks for the question, T.J!
 “What’s our job? Leave the world better than we found it. If you want to do that you have to deal with climate,” says
 Fmr. Rep. John Delaney wants to attack the climate crisis from all different angles, including betting on American innovation an…
 With the  underway, former congressman and 2020 contender joins to explain…
 the trade war with China was partly at fault for the Amazon fires because when the largest buyer of soy s…
  “I was one of the first members of Congress to come out against the Keystone Pipeline ... It was a terrible sym…
 Great to hear connect harmful  wars with damage to farmers in  already facing challenges from 
 NOW: talks to 2020 Presidential Candidate about his environmental plans.  
Today I'm at the  talking about my plan to get to net zero carbon emissions by 2050. Check it out here: 
 I'm speaking with now! 
I'm up next at  where I'll be talking about my plan to save the planet. You can watch it live here: 
 Watch live: discusses climate at Georgetown with on 
I'm about to be live from the  talking with on Tune in!
Tired:  Negative campaigningWired:  Negative emissions technology
Tired: Impossible promises that don't get anything doneWired: Real solutions that help Americans and save the planet
Climate change is making us sick. We need a real plan that reduces emissions, boosts clean energy production and encourages game-changing innovation in Negative Emissions Technologies. In the White House, that's what I'll deliver. 
I signed the  Pledge 
I'm live on 
As usual, is both correct on the policy and using good common sense.  Since she is the crucial check on Trump's power, and since she is the person who passed the ACA, perhaps we should listen to her more often.... 
 
Most democrats are correct about healthcare. We should build on the ACA, it was a good law, we should fix it and use it as a foundation for universal healthcare.  
I'm proud to stand with workers and fight for better wages and improved working conditions. Large corporations like GM should accept their responsibility to our communities and follow America’s basic bargain - when you work hard, you deserve to get ahead. I support GM workers.
I grew up in a union family and fully support the rights of workers to organize and fight for jobs, better pay and benefits. I believe unions are the only organizations in the country who each day advance the cause of hard working families.
That's why things like doubling the EITC and raising capital gains taxes, creating a universal healthcare plan with choice, putting a fee on carbon and paying all the fees back to Americans are good ideas based on sound economics. They can happen and the world will be better.
(perhaps greater than their UBI check) or you have to cut the safety net to pay for it (why some conservatives like UBI) and people who need the safety net get more in safety net cuts than their UBI check, then the math doesn't work. Some things sound good but don't add up.
pay the cost of healthcare, then healthcare providers can't operate and they close. Or if you plan to give everyone UBI and have to double taxes to pay for it (which would have to include middle class Americans) and middle class people pay more in taxes as a result
you enough to cover your underlying lease and you can't keep it going. I'm not saying this is will happen to WeWork, which may ultimately work great, but it's obviously a big concern. Similarly if the only payer of healthcare bills is the government and the government doesn't
Expanding on this, economic rules exist because they have been tested. If your business model is to lease space, spend $ fitting it out, and mark it up to sub tenants, you have to add real sustainable value or people will see thru it and ultimately they don't pay 
Real progress was always made by a building consensus ; advancing reasonable ides. That process is undermined by disinformation, political extremism ; special interests, which are empowered by today's amazing flow of information. Having a plan for that is key to leadership.
As a former entrepreneur, I’m a proud capitalist and capitalism is all about competition. We need to update the Clayton and Sherman Acts and make it clear to the courts and enforcement agencies that competition is essential 
Let's think of ideas like start ups. National service, public option, BetterCare, infrastructure, basic research, EITC ; a carbon tax are big ideas that are reasoned, address a problem and can work. Medicare4all, UBI, guaranteed government jobs don't make any sense and will fail.
I had 2 successful IPOs; math matters in business ; politics. WeWork leases space for 15 years, fits them out to look cool, subleases them for 2 years and losses $ in the process. Sounds good, doesn't work. Reminds me of the math behind some policy ideas.. 
The CA law is a good law.  Our economic challenges are more about "pay" than "jobs."  There are many jobs, particularly in the gig economy, but most don't support a family or pay a living wage.  We need to ensue that every worker has a living wage  
Yup 
 A year ago today, I joined campaign. Over the last 365 days, I've logged nearly 75,000 miles going to 1…
27.5 million Americans lacked health care coverage in 2018. We need universal health care now, before more people suffer. My BetterCare plan provides everyone coverage as a right. 
 Team Delaney is hitting the streets today for Manchester Mayor Joyce Craig! Be sure to vote in tomorrow’s primary!! Poll…
Every acre of ground in Iowa is worth less today than it was when was inaugurated because of this trade war. 
It is clear the DNC made a decision to nationalize the primary, orient it towards social media, and reduce the roll of the early states.  If we beat Trump, it will be applauded. If we don't, they will regret the decision the rest of their lives.  
 is out volunteering in New Hampshire today 
This  let's celebrate all the ways that Hispanic Americans have helped our nation grow. We are stronger, brighter, and better for your contributions.
Purdue files for bankruptcy to manage/discharge liabilities from horrific opioid crisis that they fueled. Contrast that with the fact that Americans CAN'T manage/discharge student debt liabilities in bankruptcy. Unfair bankruptcy law that I will address.  
40% of Americans can't afford their basic necessities. This leads to poverty, hunger, illness, addiction, despair.  The solution to this is a good job and a strong safety net. This America needs a solutions oriented Democratic Party, not an game of policy one-upmanship.
 I don't know why the Dems haven't embraced  I don't agree with his take on everything, but he's the only one…
On a increasingly rare Saturday night at home I decided to make one of my favorites, spaghetti alle vongole.  But have two types that I make: traditional (April's favorite) or with sun dried tomatoes. I couldn't decide so I made both! 
The time has come for action on gun violence. 
There is a reason Trump is doing well in these areas despite lagging economic growth. Democrats are not talking about things that help struggling communities. Things like building infrastructure, creating jobs in distressed areas and addressing addiction.  
Waiting to go on CNN and just ran into my good friend, the incomparable A great way to start the day! 
It's amazing how answers sometimes stare people right in the face and they can't see them. There is an answer to Trump's trade war. And it's simple. Join the TPP, start playing offense, and compete with China!   
We need real solutions, not impossible promises 
I answered 10 of questions about the future of technology in America: 
300,000 jobs lost so far, and 900,000 by 2020. Is this the great future for workers that Trump promised?
The American people know that we have to act on climate change. They want our leaders to step up and that's why I've laid out a clear plan that will reduce emissions to net zero, help working people and gain strong bipartisan support. 
The country needs leadership. Leadership that is serious (this is not a game), has the right temperament, has a vision and ideas for the future, and has the actual experience - in government, business ; non profit - to make it happen.  We didn't see that last night at the debates
During this primary there hasn’t been enough discussion about the real issues facing this country. Here are 10 truths that I’m committed to talking about. 
 Coming up live on FOX News: joins on  
 BREAKING: 17 presidential candidates have been awarded our 2020 Moms Demand Action Gun Sense Candidate Distinction! These…
 We asked 2020 presidential hopefuls to explain why they should be the next president — distilled down to the length of an el…
 deserves a Nobel Prize. He is a leader, a humanitarian, a problem solver and he's making the world a better place. 
 “Now there’s more of a clamoring to have a seat at the table — and not just be there sitting quietly, but to be listened to…
It's time to bring the country together and get things done. My remarks in Exeter, New Hampshire at the Riverwood Retirement Community. 
So proud to see our Iowa State Director featured in this story! 
 What a presidency would mean for Wall St.  
Obama didn't create the financial crisis but he did save the economy from a depression. Was the response perfect? Of course not. Was it successful considering the enormous challenge? Yes. To attribute Trump to Obama's handling of the crisis is absurd. 
Thank you for your extraordinary leadership and generosity in the fight to stop kids from being addicted to e-cigarettes. This is a public health crisis and big tobacco is behind it.  
We need universal healthcare, where every American gets a federal healthcare plan for free like I've proposed with BetterCare. But BetterCare also allows Americans to choose to opt out or keep their private insurance.  That's the best way forward by far.   
Today is a solemn day to remember the sacrifice so many made that day helping others, the duty we have to support our 9/11 first responders and their families and the responsibility we have to protect our country from future attacks.
Began my morning with a few moments of reflection and prayer for those that we lost on 9/11 and for their families. On this day 18 years ago, so many moms and dads, daughters and sons, husbands and wives left in the morning and never came home.
Did you see the Delaney bus in New Hampshire this weekend? We're hard to miss! Real solutions, not impossible promises. 
So proud to see my incredible wife on last night!
👇👇 
We need a pragmatic idealist in office: someone with practical solutions to the big issues. That's how we get things done. 
I don't often have a chance to say this, but President Trump just made a good decision in asking for John Bolton's resignation.
 🚨BREAKING: Delaney hits 3% in lastest NH poll!🚨Thanks to our volunteers and organizers who are knocking doors and phon…
Under President Trump, we're going backwards on health care, with tragic consequences for real people. My BetterCare plan establishes universal coverage, gives people options and leaves Medicare alone. Fix what's broken, keep what's working. 
While Trump denies climate change, glaciers are melting and species are dying. Both parties will have to find common ground to save the planet. That's why I'm committed to passing a bipartisan climate change bill in the first 100 days of my presidency. 
Sharing this important information on  Not just today, but every day, let's make sure everyone has the resources and support to lead a safe and happy life. 
 In 2018, introduced the Suicide Prevention Analytics Act which aims to address the gap in data reporting as…
  "There's nothing better to invest in. This is all of our futures, our kids' futures, my kids' futures, your kid…
I applaud the Amazon workers for making it clear that corporate America has to be responsible on climate.  
My wife, will be on Fox News w/ tonight at 11:00 pm. Tune in!
Real solutions, not impossible promises. That was my message in New Hampshire this weekend and everywhere else on the campaign trail. We need leaders focused on results. That's how we beat Trump.
My background as a successful entrepreneur and Congressman leaves me uniquely placed to address the biggest issues facing this country today. 
 John Delaney failed to qualify for the third round of Democratic presidential debates, but says the three frontrunners are…
I'm about to be live on CNN with 
Technology is shaping our future, and we need to adapt along with it. My new plan protects digital privacy, studies the impacts of technology on children, and calls for the study and regulation of AI to protect privacy and prevent algorithmic bias. 
We can do better than Medicare for All. We should fix what's broken and keep what works. My plan:1) Provides everyone with free coverage2) Allows people to opt-out and choose private insurance3) Leaves Medicare alone4) Doesn't force hospital closures 
"In 2020 let's beat Trump into the history books so soundly that when people look at a Trump hotel they don't even recognize the name!"
"I believe we are at the threshold  of extraordinary breakthroughs in life sciences and energy research. We can cure cancer and Alzheimer's. We can create new battery and storage technology. But we need a President who wants to invest in research and drive the innovation economy"
 is 100% right. I'm generally supportive of peace talks but NOT this way. Brave first responders are dying everyday as a result of their efforts on that dark day; daughters are walking down the isle without their dads, sons are graduating college without their moms. 
3 out of every 10 voters are swing voters - they could vote for Trump or the Dem nominee. We must win these voters (like we did in 2018) to beat Trump. Extreme views turn them off; we win these voters with real solutions and by having a positive vision.  
  holding a roundtable on democracy, talking about getting big money out of politics, making Election Day a national…
 Big thank you to for hosting John for today’s meet and greet in Exeter! Great questions!!  
 "We’ve got 3 front-runners right now, who, in my opinion, each have vulnerabilities," 2020 candidate John Delaney says. Speaking…
I have a plan to give every American health care, but unlike Medicare for All it doesn't make private insurance illegal. 
I'm talking to live now! 
Thank you  
  draws a line from Trump to the Amazon fire: Brazilian farmers wanted to burn trees to grow soybeans to sell…
I'm speaking live now at the  Convention! Tune in here: 
Great to see Senator Hassan backstage at the  
  talks the importance of unions with at the   
 We're LIVE with tonight's  panelists: + on 
I'll be on with Bill Maher tonight at 10 pm Eastern/ 9 Central
This week we released our Digital Privacy and Technology plan, which includes giving consumers the right to decide how their data is used, new protections for minors and new funding for research on the impacts of social media and technology on children 
China’s acted like pirates across the last several decades and we can’t allow them to continue to not play by the rules. Watch my dialogue with at about the future of US-China relations and how we should respond: 
Trump's incompetence is threatening our economy. It's time for a president who is willing to do the best for the country.
To best counter China, we need to reject isolationists policies, work with allies, and reinvest in the American people to improve our competitiveness.  
 Highlight: “Ultimately… the whole world is going to have to deal with” climate change, says “If the U.S. is…
 Today I asked presidential candidate to discuss the role of U.S. leadership at the UN in advancing human right…
WATCH LIVE: My conversation on foreign policy at the Council on Foreign Relations 
 WATCH:  explain how he would stop Russian election interference:    
We need a president who can remind the American people of this notion of common purpose. 
My Digital Privacy Plan would give Americans more control over their data, protect children from being tracked online, ensure artificial intelligence is used responsibly and provide federal funding for researching social media's impact on young people. 
Looking forward to discussing my foreign policy views this evening with
 Looking for dinner plans? Tune in at 6pm EDT for a conversation with and about the future of U.S.-Ch…
So much of our lives, from our personal data to our finances, are now online and we need new consumer protections to ensure that our privacy is protected. We aren’t serving the people when we have telegraph-era laws in a smartphone age. 
Just to be clear, Trump is the worst President for farmers. Trade war + ethanol waivers = every acre of farm land is down in value.  
4/4 This means tackling economic insecurity, creating jobs, building infrastructure, lowering drug and housing costs, making schools better.  Of course, none of this can happen without consensus but in doing so we can show that institutions - domestic and global - can work again.
3/4 Our current response is to either seek maximum disruption (Brexit, Trump, Socialism) or to simply vilify people with opposing views. In truth, the only solution is to work together and solve the problems that are effecting people in their day to day lives because of change.
2/4 The across the board failure of governments to prepare and equip communities and people for change has caused the world to be sorted out between winners and losers of change and resulted in a wholesale lack of faith in domestic and international institutions.
1/4 The Brexit mess is a clear example of a deep truth at the center of politics everywhere. People are searching for a way forward in a world that has moved too fast and where they increasingly feel left behind.
To save the planet, we have to get to net zero carbon emissions. Here's my plan: 
Our world is on fire. We have to act now, with real solutions, before it's too late. 
Our kids deserve to live in a country where everyone is treated with decency and respect. 
 trade war is a drag on our economy and hitting farmers hard. We have to stop it. 
 New letter to the editor: This Exira woman has already seen four times out in small Western Iowa communiti…
 2020 Watch-New: Democratic presidential candidate -in NH today with stops in Brentwood ; Plymouth- unveils…
Today, I’m announcing endorsements from Granite State lawmakers and activists, including an endorsement from NH State Rep. Steven Woodcock from Conway! Thanks for the support New Hampshire! 
We need a president that cares about cybersecurity, not one that asked Russia to hack us. As president, I'll make cybersecurity a top national security priority. The stakes are too high. 
I have a plan to reach net zero carbon emissions by 2050:✅Introduce a carbon fee✅Invest in Negative Emissions Technology✅Create challenge grants✅Found a climate corps✅Construct a carbon throughway✅Increase climate researchRead it here: 
John Delaney Picks Up Key Iowa Caucus Endorsement from Chuck Offenburger, Former Des Moines Register Columnist 
The Democratic Party should be competing everywhere. One of the problems with the DNC's 130,000 donor requirement for the Democratic debates is that is focuses messaging at things that sell to online donors in CA ; NYC, not the heartland.  
 He's been buried in the presidential race so far in Iowa.  But I still think Maryland's John Delaney is the "Real Deal" a…
"Let me again try to make it plain. I believe former Maryland congressman John Delaney is the “Real Deal” Democrat in this wild scramble for the presidency. And he now has my endorsement." 
On Labor Day we should celebrate all the workers who built this country and keep it running, but let's make a special note for all the workers who do some of the most demanding, difficult ; unpleasant work imaginable. Their tireless work allows us to have the life we have.
Growing up there were no complicated political discussions around the kitchen table. But what my dad - a union construction worker - probably said a thousand times was "if you care about workers you vote for the Democrat."  A good lesson for today's Dem party - focus on workers!
This misses the larger point. 40% of Americans can't afford their basic necessities so it's hard for them to think long term. That's why a carbon fee ; dividend approach is the only way forward - working families get more $ from it while we reduce CO2 
Massively expanding the Earned Income Tax Cresit ; Child Tax Credit - two EXISTING programs - will directly help working families more than anything being discussed in 2020 yet it gets no attention. Why? Because it is a straightforward workable solution; it is not an extreme idea
Another deadly mass shooting and another big weather event. Our complete failure to pass laws to address gun violence and climate is a direct result of NRA and fossil fuel money buying votes in Congress. As President I will break their stranglehold on our democracy.
Another tragic mass shooting. We have to take action. Universal background checks, banning assault weapons, red flag laws and more. People deserve to be safe driving down the highway, going to church, going to school, everywhere.
All of this hand wringing over who runs for Senate underscores what may be the real problem with our democracy - the thinking that one person can save it - as opposed to doing the hard work of us all working together to save it.  There are no shortcuts.   
Trump's trade war is destroying the American economy and hurting farmers. 
 "We're in the middle of a trade war right now, and it's destroying Iowa and their economy." 
 "We're in the middle of a trade war right now, and it's destroying Iowa and their economy. on  
 "I've been to all 99 counties." on Iowa. 
  joins the panel with and Tune in.  
 We're talking to presidential candidate about this 2020 run! Tune in. 
I'll be talking to on tonight at 7:15 pm EST. Tune in live!
These are 10 truths you aren't hearing in this debate. But I'm going to make sure I keep telling them: 
Another cruel Trump policy - rolling back the ability for children to receive the medical care they need 
The alternative trade view is support of Obama's Trans Pacific Partnership.  Absent that, Democratic candidates are basically supporting Trump's trade policies.  
 you have been a champion of women's rights both on the campaign trail and in the Senate. I have enormous respect for the impact you have had across a broad range of issues and your voice will be certainly be missed in this race.
As a result, I’m going to make sure I keep telling these ten truths: 
What has surprised me most about the primary process is the absence of a real debate on so many of the important issues facing the American people, the avoidance of acknowledging certain truths, and the level of mischaracterization of what is truly happening in the world.
While I’m disappointed to have not qualified for the third debate, I remain committed to the campaign for one simple reason: someone has to be consistently telling the truth and in doing so, telling a better story about the future we can share together.
56 years ago, MLK said "I have a dream that my 4 little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character." We have made great progress in civil rights but are still fighting to realize his dream
The way we win in 2020 is by putting forth a candidate who can create a big tent Democratic Party. 
A few months ago, I was booed for saying that Medicare for All is not the best way to achieve universal health care. Now, the majority of 2020 candidates agree.
What he wants to do is have the taxpayers pay to build out a fancy conference room to host the G7 with a big monument to the event, then he will market the resort for corporate events by saying "Host your event at the famous site of the HUGE G7."  Corruption. 
 2020 Democrat compares the DNC to Thanos, saying:  "They're kind of like Thanos, snapping their finger and try…
We need a leader who will bring the country together by working to fix the problems Americans care about. 
The President is reckless, and lawless. That's why we have to beat him in 2020. 
Trump thinks Fox should be a propaganda network for his administration or he's laying the groundwork for starting his own network when he loses in 2020.  
 Presidential candidate John Delaney says he's still staying in the 2020 race despite not qualifying for the next Democrati…
 Canvassers of the corn 🌽 
My message to farmers is simple. The day I'm sworn in as President every acre of farmland will go up in value. How? Because I will join the TPP my first month as President and open up markets for American farmers.  That's a message to win rural America! 
I'm blessed with a terrific team. 
Finally, we are seeing some justice for the harm this company has caused. The opioid epidemic is destroying families across America, and it's time to hold those who caused it responsible.  
The reason it's so important to have a climate debate is that we have to talk about solving both a a very important issue, but also an issue that is complicated/global.  Many proposed plans don't work, practically or politically. Unless we debate, we risk making no progress.
Trump's promise that his trade war would help farmers was just another lie, and one that is now making it nearly impossible for them to earn a living. 
3/3 The answer is that we need leadership. Leaders that are honest with the American people about our problems, are willing to stand up to money and special interests and want to unify our nation. That's our only way out.
2/3 Failed leadership and divisiveness play an equally big role. Consider failed immigration reform or the relentless attack on women's reproductive freedom or failure to build infrastructure.  These have nothing to do with money but with structural divisiveness.
1/3 Too many people want to blame all the problems in our country on "corruption" and "money in politics."  While they are terribly dark forces that stand in the way of many things (gun safety, minimum wage, climate action, creating a fair tax code) they are not the only problem.
"The demand for soybeans has created pressure to rapidly clear forests and plant."  Why suddenly a new demand for soybeans? Because Trump ; protectionist Democrats oppose the TPP, which drives business from US farmers and forces new Ag development.  
  "For the DNC to say that candidates can’t engage in a climate change debate — how does that possibly make sense…
A responsible nation would have created a universal health care system a long time ago. As president, we will get this done. 
This morning I spoke to about our campaign, the economy, and why we need a climate debate. See the full conversation here: 
  rips DNC over climate debate rejection: "How does that possibly make sense?"  
99 years ago today, women gained the right to vote. But there's still so much work to do. On  let's recognize the strides our country has made, and recommit to the fight to empower women worldwide.
Who cares if Trump has second thoughts? It's a waste of time trying to figure out what goes on in that brain of his. What matters is what he does. The trade war is bad policy ; hurting America. We need to beat him and provide stable global leadership.  
Trump's trade war hurts US farmers, which creates demand for crops from Brazil, which leads to deforestation. Obama's TPP, which I'm the only 2020 Dem supporting, stabilizes trade, helps US farmers ; creates a framework for addressing environmental issues. 
 2020 Democratic presidential contender John Delaney doesn't consider making the third Democratic debate a do-or-die moment for h…
This is why I don't believe the American people need more partisanship or impossible promises. They need real solutions that can get broad support and get done. And they need a President committed to doing just that. That's why I'm the person for the job.
Certainly because of too much money in politics, gerrymandering etc. But the bigger villain is hyper partisan politics, which discourages finding the kind of common ground that's needed to pass laws and get things done. As result, nothing gets done, ; the American people lose.
building modern infrastructure, providing good public education/skills training, creating affordable healthcare, encouraging investments in struggling communities, improving working conditions, and maintaining a robust safety net.  We have utterly failed to do these things. Why?
One of the reasons we have so much economic stress is because we are so divided. As the world changes, which it has dramatically, hard working Americans need the federal government to do a few basic things to prepare them and their kids for the change, including:
 WATCH: "I'm planning on staying in" the Democratic race for president  
As President I will have a laser like focus on fixing healthcare, improving public education, ensuring there are jobs in all communities (not just big cities), building infrastructure and tackling the immoral fiscal and climate debts we are leaving the next generation.
Just as Colombia was able to transform into a stable, key U.S. ally and economic partner, I am convinced we can do the same for our neighbors in Central America. 
 Great time at Meredith’s 40th Annual Arts Fest!! Thanks to everyone who turned out to celebrate local artists and crafte…
Over the last few decades we have cut our infrastructure investment in half as a percentage of our economy ; China has doubled their investment. That's ridiculous. We need to get our act together and start building things again, which requires more funding and expedited approvals
"The cost of doing nothing is not nothing" is true. What matters is getting things done, which involves finding common ground. For decades we have been too busy fighting and have not passed needed laws. The winners: politicians ; special interests. The losers: the American people
We make no progress by adhereing to uncompromising positions, but we make enormous progress by working together and finding common ground. This is why I will work on 5 big bipartisan proposals (in healthcare, climate, infrastructure, immigration and tech) in my first 100 days.
Candidates need to have a plan to fix healthcare, combat climate change, lift wages, improve public education and narrow inequality.  Their plans need to be workable, paid for, and have a pathway to actually get done. All of my plans meet this standard.  That's leadership.
"The implication here is that realism equals apathy. The true measure of a candidate’s convictions is the hyperbole of the promises."  In a nutshell, this is what's wrong with the primary season.   We need real solutions, not impossible promises.  
Trump's trade war is obviously destructive. But the Democratic Party's response has to be more than just saying how bad it is. We need a solution, which I have: enter the Trans Pacific Partnership so that we can compete with China and work with our allies. 
 served four tours of duty and is a true American patriot, you are a coward. 
Americans should not be going into debt to afford life saving drugs. We need to allow the federal government to negotiate drug prices with pharmaceutical companies so that everyone has access to the help they need. 
Health care is a human right. Under my BetterCare plan, we will make universal health care a reality in America.
A president should represent ALL their constituents, whether they voted for him or not. 
Talk is cheap as they say; we all need to do real things to make a difference, including:• volunteer in your community• have quality family time• mentor someone• engage in a political cause• be kind ; generous• treat people w/ respect• create a job/start a business
Black women in America make 61 cents for every dollar made by a white man. Every woman deserves to be paid fairly for her work. It's far past time for  in this country. 
Bad decision. Of course we should have a climate debate.  
As president, I will debate the Congress four times a year, similar to Question Time in the UK. Honesty, transparency and accountability - we're not getting it from Trump and it's what we desperately need in the White House. 
The fight for LGBTQ+ equality isn't over - as President, I will support the Equality Act. We must:1. Ban conversion therapy2. Allow transgender individuals to serve in the military3. Oppose restrictive voter ID laws
I spoke with about my campaign, my vision for 2020, and why I am the best candidate to beat Trump. Listen in here: 
 reckless economic policy is directly hurting American farmers. 
Bernie’s backtrack doesn’t address the core problems with his Medicare for All bill but it does show that the criticisms of his plan are factually valid and he’s pushing a plan that’s bad politics and bad policy. 
In Detroit, Senator Sanders exclaimed he ‘wrote the damn bill,' looks like now he’s using an eraser.
MIT concludes that we have no idea if tech will cause net job loss or gain. Let's make this transition successful by fixing education, doubling the EITC ; taxing robots to create payments for valuable, but currently uncompensated, work.  A real solution.  
I will beat Trump by having real solutions to things he promised, but didn't deliver, like building infrastructure, helping farmers (by getting back in TPP), investing in distressed areas, fixing (not disrupting) healthcare ; lowering drug prices.  Real solutions to his failures.
 Tune in to to watch interview about his 2020 presidential bid. 
Boston is great. I go to a bar and ask for an iced coffee. The bartender says with a smile "can't help yaah but I can pour some Guinness over ice"
I have a clear plan for a slow down - it's called a $2 trillion national infrastructure program, the largest since the creation of the federal highway system. It will create jobs, offset an economic slow down and drive long term economic growth.  
Henry Ford would be "rolling over" at the lack of a living wage, a movement that in some ways he founded when he announced he would double his workers wages because "The owner, the employees, and the buying public are all one and the same" 
The Republican Party is the party of physical walls to keep immigrants out. That's wrong. But under Elizabeth Warren's plan, the Democratic Party will build economic walls to keep rules based trade out. That's wrong.  Isolationism is the wrong answer! 
Thank you, for your incredible dedication to highlighting the threat of climate change. It was great getting to know you on the campaign trail, and your voice will be missed as the primary continues.
ICYMI – CNN Fact Check: Delaney is Right on Trade 
I'm just saying....didn't I say this was a problem.... 
There are millions of jobs that get done every day and add huge value to society (caregivers, mentors, community service) but have lno compensation associated with them. A robot tax can be used to pay for compensation/tax credits for these jobs and offset job losses from robots.
Reckless. Lawless. Dishonorable. I'll give you one guess which POTUS I'm talking about. 
While I was the first to openly oppose Medicare For All as the way to fix healthcare, I give Bernie credit for his conviction. The rest either didn't read the bill they signed on to or are playing poll driven politics. Either is disqualifying as a leader.  
ICYMI: Washington Post Report Makes Clear Delaney Has Won the Argument on Health Care 
At the  yesterday, I was asked about my plan for the opioid epidemic. We need a plan that address the scope of the ongoing epidemic, prevents new cases of addiction and holds those responsible for this crisis accountable.  
 Come see at our WGBH studio  at the BPL Thursday at noon!!! Your up close and personal brush with a real prez…
 "We should not be running on a policy of taking away that union health care, that you worked hard to get."
Speaking at the IFL Convention today. My father - a union electrician - always said if you care about workers you vote Democrat  
 At the big IFL convention in Iowa, gets applause from the IBEW members and more as he goes through his fam…
While not always popular, I tell the truth. Single payer healthcare is bad policy and bad politics and people are finally realizing it. People didn't like it when I said it before anyone else, but it's true.  BetterCare is universal healthcare that works.  
 I think we can both agree that HE should sashay away 
You are not doing great with China - it's so bad that you have to bail out U.S. farmers. Jay Powell is the opposite of you - he's competent and he's doing his job. And you cheat at golf. 
 Packed crowd at the Council Bluffs Coffee ; Climate Discussion with John is joined on a panel with
Agree to discuss my crazy idea or I won't meet with you! That is what U.S. foreign policy has become under Trump. 
What a great weekend of parades, meet and greets, and, of course, road tripping in the Delaney RV. Thanks to everyone who made it such a fun few days!  
Aside from the market dropping, the reason the media started talking about a recession is because YOU were bullying the Fed to cut rates and because YOUR White House is working on a plan to cut the payroll tax - two things that only happen if somone is worried about the economy! 
 "I think the myth of this Trump economy is actually... wearing off,” says presidential candidate John Delaney.“This trade war th…
Economic plan:• Universal PreK• Expand Community College/tech training• Universal healthcare w/ choice• $2 Trillion Infrastructure• Investments in Basic Research• TPP• National AI/Entrepreneur Strategy • Immigration Reform • Opportunity Zones• Fiscal sanity
Rural communities need the same access to mental health care as urban areas. My mental health plan includes expanding mental and behavioral telehealth options to ensure that everyone can get the help they need.  
 "I think the myth of this Trump economy is actually… wearing off,” says presidential candidate John Delaney.“This trade…
 "I commit to do that in the first 6 months of my administration," John Delaney says of White House summit with tr…
 "I’ll sign it," former congressman John Delaney says of Remove the Stain Act to rescind Medals of Honor for the 1…
I'm speaking now at the  Tune in here: 
I have the economic background and expertise to make America work for working people. That's what sets my campaign apart and that's how we beat Trump. 
 About to go live from the  on - tune in! 
I founded 2 companies, created thousands of jobs, and was the youngest CEO on the NYSE. I'm the only candidate with such a substantial economic background AND experience in Congress. That’s why I'm the candidate to get things working and fix damage.
 Kicking off the day in Council Bluffs to talk  with Fabulous turnout!  
 Shout out to our incredible field organizer Katie who piloted the Delaney bus through N.H. during John’s swing through t…
 Presidential Candidate John Delaney attacks fellow Democratic opponents for "impossible promises, and fairy tale economics…
The American people don't want trade wars and they don't want isolationism. Proud to be running on a strong free trade message. 
If had not cut corporate tax rates as much as he did and used the savings to launch a $1 Trillion infrastructure program (like he promised) or expand the Earned Income Tax Credit we would not be looking at a recession.   
"Delaney has a comprehensive rural platform and regularly discusses rural issues during campaign events and comments."
This is a magnificent country, we have every advantage any nation could possibly want to have in 2019, except for one thing: we don't have a functioning federal government any more. 
This act by Trump is yet another example of the prejudice and discrimination encouraged by the current administration. I stand in support with the trans community against these reprehensible actions. 
We’re already seeing the effects of climate change. We need a big, bold plan to save the planet before it's too late. That’s why I’m running on a carbon fee and dividend, investing in negative emissions technology and creating a new climate corps.
Trump's strategy in business: BULLS**T people about the numbers, BORROW as much money as possible and act like a big shot, and then go BUST and leave someone else holding the bag. Sound familiar?
You are economically illiterate. A "very strong" economy would not require rate cuts. If anything, it would argue for rate increases. You must be very worried about the economy if you want rate cuts. 
"Adopting a single-payer government health care program that covers all Americans would force more rural hospitals to close, according to hospital administrators from Texas to Maine."
We need a President who understands how the economy works and has a plan for our economic future, not one who is hell-bent on mortgaging our kid’s future for his own short-term gratification and turning the clock back to an economy that no longer exists. 
Let's not worry about the NYT, let's worry about the U.S. because you are putting farmers out of business with your trade policy, you have zero credibility with your unpredictable foreign policy and your economic policy has caused the U.S. to lose a fortune with record deficits. 
30 years ago today, at about this time, in a lovely little church in the mountains of Idaho, I was about to see my beautiful wife April walk down the aisle at our wedding. I've been so incredibly blessed to be with her ever since and build a life and family together.
You have been the worst President for farmers. Your trade war is idiotic and you don't have an economic strategy. Your economic plan was old fashioned stimulus - tax cuts and spending - but it's running out of gas, growth is slowing, deficits are rising and you didn't invest. 
This is an important read. Trump is not a moderate President (he's a reckless and offensive President) but he ran as an economic moderate candidate and was perceived to be more moderate than Hillary.  
The roadmap for winning the White House and Senate in 2020 is found in the playbook for taking back the House in 2018 - capture the center and political independents with a candidate who has real and common sense solutions to the economic problems facing hardworking Americans.
Just asked group of seniors "how many have a Medicare supplemental plan?" - most hands went up. I then asked "how many would vote for someone making that plan illegal?" - no hands went up.  We need universal healthcare with options, like I've proposed with BetterCare.
The last debates were in Detroit, a city experiencing a great turn around because of collaboration between the government, the private and the non profit sectors. That is our path forward - politicians who try to pit these groups against each other are arguing against progress.
 D-E-L-A-N-E-Y, real solutions he’s our guy!! Thanks to all the volunteers and supporters who turned out today to show ma…
Back in New Hampshire for the weekend! Check out if there's event near you:  
While the political parties are busy fighting technology keeps advancing. Deepfake videos should be regulated (by requiring disclosure that they were altered) or they will destabilize our democracy by weaponizing digital persuasion to a whole new level.  
 NH Primary Source: Delaney to make 2 busy NH campaign swings over the 10 days  
We can achieve universal health care WITHOUT taking thousands of Americans off their plans, including union plans that have been achieved through tough negotiations. My plan BetterCare ensures everyone gets the care they need while still giving choices. 
Trump was born rich, I was born blue collar. Trump inherited his business, I started mine. Trump filed for bankruptcy, my company thrived. Trump stiffed workers, my company was voted best place to work.  I'm the candidate who can beat him on the economy. 
There are MANY reasons for the U.S. to join the TPP including one very big one: we can beat Trump in rural America if our nominee pledges to join (like I have).  Every acre of U.S. farmland will be more valuable if the U.S. is in the TPP.  
It is said that it takes a lifetime to build a reputation and 5 minutes to lose it. The extraordinary bi-partisan support for Israel has been built across a generation and Trump and Bibi have threatened it with one quick and terrible decision.  But it is stronger than these two.
Yep. 
John Hickenlooper is a patriot and a very decent person. He was a great Mayor, a great Governor and his voice was incredibly important to the 2020 nomination process. I enjoyed getting to know him on the trail. 
We benefit from more dialogue, not less.  While I strongly disagree with Rep Tlaib and Rep Omar's support of BDS, I strongly agree that vibrant democracies and great leaders must lift up and put the long term strength of the alliance above partisan talking points.
Support for the incredible U.S.-Israel alliance has always been bipartisan and it should remain so. Majority Whip Steny Hoyer and Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy showed the right kind of bipartisan leadership when they urged Israel to allow these Members of Congress in.
I'm disappointed that the Prime Minister and his government did this, and it is clear that President Trump pushed him to do so as part of his effort to make Israel policy a partisan wedge to further divide the country.
Ambassador Dermer's initial statement was precisely correct and Prime Minister Netanyahu’s decision to deny US elected officials to enter in precisely wrong and disrespectful to Congress as a body.
It's obvious. We need immigrants working in our economy, we need to pay caregivers (and all workers) more and we need to build affordable housing.  What we don't need is to spend time talking about UBI, which is based on a myth that there will be no jobs. 
A basic question Dem voters should ask 2020 candidates: would your main campaign issue get the support of 50% of Democratic Senators? If the answer is "no" (e.g. Medicare4all, GND, impeachment, free 4 year college, eliminating ICE) then that candidate is unlikely to beat Trump.
Well and truly said.  
Universal Healthcare is a human right and good economics and my BetterCare Plan is the best way forward.  It provides federal universal healthcare to all Americans, allows for choice and private options (like the German model), and is paid for without raising taxes.
Our prayers are with the brave police officers dealing with this still active situation.   
Climate change, human rights, nuclear non proliferation, refugees, humanitarian disasters, pandemics, gender equality, women's empowerment, food security etc are global issues that require US leadership. Isolationism from Trump or my fellow Dem candidates is the wrong way forward
Market tanks 800 points b/c Trump's trade war is slowing global growth, the US is not leading the world on climate, protests escalating in Hong Kong, etc. and the rest of the Dem field thinks the TPP is a bad idea!  We have to lead the world - we can't stick our head in the sand.
The health care debate shouldn’t just be about universal access, we also have to lower costs. 
 and were out to the 1st District's  event this past weekend. Good job…
Iowans deserve a member of Congress whose vision and moral compass is based in the 21st century, not the 1850’s. That is why I have thrown my support behind  and will continue to campaign on his behalf.
 comments were repulsive, disgusting and ignorant. Unfortunately, Steve King constantly reminds us of his offensive and bigoted world view, which is why is unfit to serve in the Congress.
On this day 84 years ago, FDR signed  into law. This program has allowed generations to retire with stability. I was proud to author bipartisan legislation in Congress to protect and strengthen social security.
Help restore decency to Congress by donating to today:  
Climate change is a fact, not an opinion. If we can't accept that, we all lose. 
We need the economy to work for working people. My Living Wage plan:1⃣ Creates a new Workers' Tax Credit, doubling the EITC2⃣ Raises the minimum wage to $15/hour3⃣ Establishes universal paid family leave  
Maybe trade wars are easy to win for China when your adversary is Trump and he does idiotic things like tear up TPP, start a tariff war without a strategy and isolate our allies.  
 I guess this is how I should start all Iowa speeches from now on... 
I'll be on at 5:30 PM EST and with at 7:00 pm EST. Tune in live!
At this year's  I spoke about my vision for this country and why I am the candidate to beat Trump. 
The Trump Administration has been a disaster for farmers and for rural America. They deserve a White House that stands with them, not one that treats them like a joke. 
Too many rural communities have been left behind. We need a new policies in place so that a kid doesn’t have to move to a big city in order to have a chance for a good job. Read my plan here: 
This is a very important article that tells how large numbers of farms were effectively stolen from black farmers. Consider this, during World War I there were 1 million black farmers, and in 1992 there were 18,000.   Shameful and ahould be actionable. 
It's pretty simple. In business Trump's strategy was "heads he wins, tails a bank loses." As President its "heads he wins, tails the taxpayer loses." As the only 2020 candidate who is successful in business ; Congress I can call him out for the fraud he is 
Trump will bankrupt the country like he bankrupted many of his companies. As a businessman, he was a fraud and his lenders paid the price. As the President, he's a fraud and the next generation will pay the price.  
Infrastructure investment creates good-paying jobs, boosts economic growth and improves our quality of life. My infrastructure plan is designed to address the needs of the 21st century and help communities left behind 
It's a  
 Thanks so much for answering our question on how you would  We know universal  is a c…
If you've never been to the  you're missing out... 
We need immediate, decisive action on gun safety. My plan:✅Mandates universal background checks✅Bans assault weapons ; bump stocks✅Closes the boyfriend loophole✅Enacts extreme risk laws✅Funds gun violence research
It's time to end Trump's trade war. 
Look at the the number of times the word "invasion" was used by the El Paso killer in just one section his manifesto. A President's words matter. 
A perfect chronicle of how many times Trump has LIED about universal background checks.  His misleading statements to victims underscore that he has shown no real sympathy for their loss. 
"He thinks. And so it’s possible to have progressive ideas and to get them implemented" 
After 2 weeks on the road I took a day off and went to the beautiful beaches on Delaware with my even more beautiful wife, April to celebrate our anniversary coming up this week. 
 TONIGHT at 9PM ET on See conversation with from day two of the Iowa State Fair! 
A few days ago I spoke at the  in Iowa about my vision for 2020, and why I am the best candidate to beat Trump. You can watch the full speech here: 
Eid Mubarak to all those celebrating  Wishing you a blessed day.
Wing Ding 2019 ✅ Thanks to everyone who came out and made this event so wonderful! 
  speaks at Iowa's Wing Ding Dinner. 
It's time to get things done, bring the country together and restore honesty and decency to the White House. Watch my speech from the famous Des Moines Register State Fair Soapbox here 
 Former MD Rep says “we need an individual who will restore decency and honor to the office of the presidency…
 In Iowa, competing 2020 campaigns come together for a moment of silence with  Iowa team following the El Pa…
April and I enjoyed seeing here in Clear Lake for the Wing Ding 
  
Real solutions, not impossible promises.   
Fired up and ready for the  
 "I'm here supporting Iowa farmers. They feed the world and they feed our country. And they've had a rough couple of years and…
Full soapbox speech at Iowa State Fair. Big ideas that can get done.  
Back by popular demand: the Delaney sign spinners 
 This afternoon on Closing Bell with ; joined by from the Iowa State Fair. Plu…
 It's time to restore integrity, decency and honesty to the White House. It's time to elect President's 
Quick round of cornhole with team before   
 I guess blue polo shirts are in fashion at the Iowa State Fair this year. Thanks for the interview, A brand…
My universal health care plan, BetterCare, provides everyone with a free govt plan as a right, but also allows people to opt-out and have private coverage 
 At the Soapbox says he wants to be the president who will cure Alzheimer’s and calls for “massive investments” i…
 is out in force at the  
 Up next on the Political Soapbox: Says the number 1 question that caucusgoers will have in 6 mon…
Speaking live at the   
 Props to for working the grill at the while eating a hot dog at the same time.  Multi-tasking i…
  has been on the grill at the Iowa Pork Producers Association tent, flipping burgers before he hits the 
Don't think I've ever done an interview while grilling before. There's only one Iowa State Fair!  
 Delaney participates in a state fair staple- the Iowa pork tent. Says it’s good to be with the pork association. “I think t…
Working the grill at the pork tent at the Iowa State Fair 
April and I are excited to be back at the   
 Starting off our big day with  to talk about the campaign and what a Delaney administration would look lik…
 There's not a new billboard that goes up in the East Village that I miss. Props to designer  ht…
Senator, I'll debate you on health care anywhere you want, long-form format. The two of us are driving the discussion across the party on the best way to achieve universal health care. Let's get in-depth and talk about the facts.
Although and I think about politics very differently, I do agree that the current debate format makes it hard to have an in-depth, fact-based discussion. You can't talk about an issue like health care in 30 second clips and do it justice.
I'll be on The Situation Room with at 4:15 pm CST. Tune in live!
It's been another busy week on the campaign trail. Check out what we've been up to here: 
In just 3 yrs Trump has alienated allies, caused a trade crisis, normalized racism, divided America, crushed farmers, grown the deficit, attacked immigrants, dismantled nuclear treaties, weakened ACA, trampled on the separation of powers, bowed to NRA ; ignored climate change....
A clear example of how terrible Trump's trade war has been to US farmers. In short, pork producers now have high tariffs into China and are losing share in Japan because we are not in the TPP. Trump has been the worst President for farmers ever.  
As the only candidate running for President who has been a leader in business and in politics I will be able to dismantle Trump's terrible economic policies (and equally terrible business record).  
Today we honor and give thanks to our American heroes. Your sacrifices will not be forgotten.  
No explanation needed. World's largest popcorn ball. Sac City, Iowa 
"Delaney shares most of the ideals of the 20 + candidates seeking his party’s nomination, but he says he is one of the only to put forth ideas that will actually work." 
You can't beat Trump unless you support the TPP because you have nothing new to say about a vision for the world.  A "yes" on TPP is a rejection of Trumpian economics and a "no" on TPP is a tacit acceptance of it.
Turns out that trade wars aren't good or easy to win. 
 Congressman Answers Our Foreign Policy Questions   via
 Y’all, can bowl! We’re at Coon Bowl III in Coon Rapids today talking with  voters over lunch. Ev…
In March, I release my Heartland Fair Deal Plan to revitalize rural America. My plan has over 20 measures designed to help the Heartland thrive: 
 Happy to be at the Coon Bowl in Coon Rapids Iowa on our  barnstorm tour! Full list at  h…
 Hello from the road with - chatting about the worsening trade war with China and its impact on Iowa agricu…
 hateful and racist language is encouraging hate crimes in this country. 
  
  in West Des Moines: “The President’s rhetoric has clearly inspired hate crimes.”  
  tries out some pickle ball  
My dad's last pick up truck, which I've driven all around Iowa, teaming up with our new (it's actually used) campaign RV! 
That's why I'm running to reverse Trump's trade policies and give our farmers and businesses new markets, not new tariffs. 
There have been real consequences to Trump's trade war, which has been devastating for many farm families. Democrats should be the party of opportunity and economic facts, not false Trumponomics.
I was proud to support President Obama's Trans-Pacific Partnership and am the only candidate running who would rejoin that agreement. If we hadn't withdrawn, we would be setting the terms in Asia, not China. 
I'm one of the few candidates running to focus on foreign policy and to outline a vision for how we lead globally. Read my interview with The Council on Foreign Relations on China, Iran, North Korea, and more here:
The best way to get China to change their behavior is to reenter the Trans-Pacific Partnership and dramatically increase our leverage. I'm proud to be the only Democrat running who plans to do so.
The Sanders/Warren wing of the party believes in Trumponomics when it comes to trade and that played a big role in us losing the last election.
 is the worst president for agriculture we've ever had. He doesn't understand the global economy, or the rural economy and his trade war is bad for workers, bad for businesses, and bad for consumers. Democrats need to offer voters a real alternative on trade.
"One of the best moments in your life is when you realize it is not about you, it is about what you can do to make a difference in other people's lives"
"Make a difference about something other than yourselves.” Today we lost an incredible writer, leader, and icon. Your presence in the world will be missed. 
And the award for the worst President for Agriculture goes to ....Donald J. Trump.  
Driving around rural Iowa talking about how Trump's trade war is hurting farmers - it's like they are getting robbed (as Bruce would say in Highway Patrolman).
Wishing you the best of luck in the race been fantastic getting to know you and see you in action!  We're all with you in the fight to restore decency and dignity to office. 
It was great getting the chance to speak with you, 
Yet another tragedy reminds us of the necessity of gun safety legislation. See my plan here: 
Read it here: 
In June I released my gun safety plan, which includes mandating universal background checks, instituting an assault weapons ban, banning bump stocks, closing the Boyfriend Loophole, enacting a national extreme risk protection order law and ending the ban on gun violence research.
As the only candidate supporting Obama's TPP trade agreement I'm best positioned to win rural America. If we had TPP today crop and farm prices would be up, not down. Jobs would be up. And we would be competing with China in Asia, not retreating.  
In rural Iowa today talking about how real solutions - such as requiring 25% of government contracts be awarded to companies that have half of their employees in economically struggling communities - will create lots of jobs in places that need jobs.
The horrific tragedies in El Paso/Dayton underscore two awful realities in our country: the NRA's manipulation of our democracy ; growing domestic terrorism/hate crimes.  Trump's spineless approach to the NRA enables the first ; his words encourage the second. We can change this.
There are many things we need to do on gun safety, including requiring liability insurance to own/purchase a firearm (like we do to own a car). It would probably cost an average hunter $5 a year, but if you have a history of hate crimes it would be cost prohibitive. Commonsense.
  on stage at Public Service Forum 
We must address the gun violence epidemic that is ravaging our country. Thank you to all the members of law enforcement for their work at the scene. (2/2)
Today’s tragedy in El Paso is heartbreaking for every American. Our prayers go out to the residents of El Paso and all those who have been affected by this horrific act of cowardice. As we all recognize, our thoughts and prayers are insufficient, we must demand action. (1/2)
You can find a gym anywhere if you look hard enough. 2 levels underground in Vegas airport - a quick workout before I speak to the great AFSCME members. 
I'm pro: early childhood edu, universal PreK/community college/skills training, universal healthcare w/ choice, infrastructure, expanded EITC, carbon fee/dividend, more research $s, opportunity zones, paid family leave, entrepreneurs, fiscal sanity, social security, workers, jobs
Bernie and others often point to Republicans and say we should be more like them: Extreme and uncompromising. That's what Trump offers. We need to be better and smarter than that.
Fun fact: every Democratic President post World War II has been a center-left Democrat.
We don't need mirror image Republicanism. We don't need a revolution. We need to evolve into a better country by working to implement fact based solutions, not impossible promises.
Republicans engaged in "Fraudulent Economics" with their tax cuts and many democrats are engaging in "Fairytale Economics" with their impossible promises on healthcare, education, tax policy ; climate.  We need a responsible President with real solutions based on real economics.
"'We can’t isolate ourselves from the world. We have to engage,” warned former Maryland congressman John Delaney on Tuesday. Hey, Democrats, he’s right. If you want to beat Trump, get serious about foreign policy."
Trump's economic policies are fraudulent. He increased the deficit with tax cuts that benefited a small fraction of Americans.  Anyone who could do basic math knew this would happen. Republicans will now call for cuts to the safety net to lower the deficit.
The morning of the debate, I met with local entrepreneurs of color in Detroit. Your opportunities in life should not be defined by your zip code. I promise to fight to make the American Dream available to all. 
On Tuesday's debate I compared the Warren/Sanders agenda to the too far left shift that McGovern, Mondale and Dukakis made. McGovern lost 49 states, Mondale lost 49 states and Dukakis lost 40 states.  We have to run on big economic ideas that also appeal to centrist voters.
Trade policy delivered in 280 characters makes us look foolish and is the wrong way to deter China’s bad behavior. 
"The next president should have a vision of progress for the nation that is expansive and inspiring. It also should be grounded in mathematical and political reality." 
Let's be clear, when the only response Sen Warren and Sanders can muster to a legitimate question about their extreme policies is "that's a Republican talking point" then what they are really saying is "I can't defend my policies on the merits." That should scare democrats.
 if you ever need a break from TV I could use you on my next phone interview! 
My plan BetterCare gives universal healthcare without taking away American's choices. Here's why that's important... 
It's been a great couple days in Detroit. On to Iowa! 
Debates are over and it's clear we need a nominee with real solutions - not impossible promises - to the issues facing our nation and a commitment to cure the disease that produced Trump - divisiveness.  That's why I'm running for President.
 599 miles direct from the  in Detroit, the newly wrapped campaign RV is in Iowa and ready for a b…
Watching night 2, and as I said yesterday, I'm the only one running for President who actually understands how the U.S. healthcare system works.  By any measure, my BetterCare Plan is the best path forward.
The media should ask Senator and Senator why they’re so scared to debate the merits of their plans.
I don’t understand why anyone goes through the trouble of running for President if they either can’t explain how their plans work or can’t honestly debate their ideas without reverting to accusing people who disagree with them of reciting Republican talking points.
Or we can nominate someone with new ideas to create universal healthcare for every American, with choice, someone who wants to unify our country. 
We can go down the road that Sens. Sanders and Warren want to take us, with impossible promises and bad policies that will turn off independent voters and get Trump re-elected. That’s what happened with McGovern, Mondale, and Dukakis.
This means a lot coming from a home town guy, You know that we’ve gotta be Jersey strong if we want to beat Trump! 
 Tonight 2020 Democratic Presidential candidate joins me on my show to discuss last night's 
What a night... 
I promise, as president, I will restore vision, unity, and leadership and decency to this country. That’s why I’m running for president. 
   news: Feeling very good about last night's debate performance, campaign says he'll make his 21st v…
"John Delaney was the surprising tone-setter during the first night of the second Democratic debates on Tuesday. He picked fights with progressive Sens. Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, and emerged as the leading moderate voice on the stage"
The momentum is building. Join the tide and give to  today:  
 From climate to healthcare, I talked w/ about the divide between him and front runners that are progressive…
The 3 questions you have to answer for the American people:✅ Is it a big idea?✅ How do we pay for it?✅ How are we going to get it done? 
  "The things that Bernie Sanders is running on, Elizabeth Warren is running on, ; a bunch of the rest of them ar…
Thanks to everyone who tuned in tonight. I couldn't have gotten this far without you and I'm grateful everyday for your love and support. Tonight was just the beginning. If you like what you heard, I hope you'll consider chipping in $5 to the campaign now.
 is a symptom of a disease, and the disease is divisiveness. I’m the only one on this stage talking about curing that disease. 
 "I will restore vision, unity, leadership and decency to this country."  
"Let us not seek the Republican answer or the Democratic answer, but the right answer." -JFK
 John Delaney: "There is no reason why people who invest for a living should pay less than people who work for a living." 
I am successful because of the education I received at every level. I want to make sure your kids have the same chance - I am fighting for universal pre-k, free community college/career and technical training for all.    
 just issued a trade plan that would prevent the United States from trading with its allies. We can’t isolate ourselves from the world. We have to engage in fair, rules based trade. 
There’s not reason why anyone who invests for a living should pay less in taxes than someone who works for a living.
I'm proud to be the only candidate running that would finish what President Obama started and rejoin the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
Trade agreements fuel economic growth and help American workers and businesses compete. We've seen what happens when makes decisions on trade - we lose.
 How does staff feel like the debate is going? "[It's] going exactly how we expected it to," press secreta…
 Thank god. We talk  — net zero by 2050 — price on carbon and dividend back to Americans.  BI-partisan approach.…
I’m serious about tackling climate change. It’s a big problem and it requires big solutions, and I have a plan to deal with it. 
Statement from Campaign Manager 
Climate change is not a Democratic or Republican issue. It’s an existential threat to our planet and way of life. My plan will reduce emissions significantly in the short term and get us to net zero carbon emissions by 2050.  
  is a contender tonight. He’s making himself the main counter to Sanders’ Medicare for All plan.
As the son of blue collar parents, I was lucky to find success in living out the American Dream. I want to make sure everyone has the same opportunities I've had.  
My platform is about real solutions, not impossible promises. That's what's going to beat Trump in 2020. 
Nobody should live in fear being shot in their home, workplace, school, or public spaces. It's time to stand up to the special interests and make our communities safer.  
🥁🥁 
The bill that drafted by definition will lower quality in health care. Why can’t we just give everyone health care as a right, and allow them to have choice? 
Let's be the party of addition, not subtraction. 
We can create a universal healthcare system to give everyone basic healthcare for free. I have a proposal to do it. But we shouldn't be the party of subtraction, and telling half the country that their health insurance is illegal will make us lose in 2020. 
 “Why do we gotta be the party of taking something away from people?”.Nice hit by  
  responds to  saying: “we can create a universal healthcare system but don’t have to be a pa…
Health Care is a fundamental human right, not a privilege. Everyone should have access to the medical care they need. My BetterCare universal health care plan ensures universal healthcare, without taking away people's choices.  
My plan BetterCare enacts universal healthcare without forcing thousands of Americans off the plans they chose.
Here’s what won't tell you about M4A. If you have private insurance and like it, under M4A, you won't be able to keep it. This is spelled out plainly in the bill. Under Medicare for all, private insurance that covers most aspects of healthcare is illegal.
We have a choice. We can go down the road that and want to take us with impossible promises like M4A that will turn off independent voters and get Trump re-elected, or we can nominate someone with new ideas who can win the White House. 
 Wow! Nice opening shot by -- warning that  and  would qualify as the very next  or 
If we're going to beat Trump, we need to offer voters real solutions, not impossible promises. 
I’m about to walk on stage for the second  This is another huge moment for the campaign, and we wouldn't be here without your support. If you haven't had a chance yet, become a part of  by giving today:  
This campaign is about real solutions, not impossible promises. Since we launched this campaign, I've announced almost 30 policies about the issues that matter most to the people in this country. If you haven't had a chance yet, read up about them here: 
Getting ready for the debate and want the basics on John Delaney? Here's where to start:    ✅Blue Collar Kid    ✅Founded and Led Two Businesses    ✅Represented MD-6 in CongressLearn more here: 
Ready for tonight. Will you be watching? 
 Watch speak with 2020 contender about his strategy for the debate stage tonight and to get his take o…
We have to make sure our economy is working for everyone and that people in every zip code and from every background can live the American Dream. 
Started the day with an Entrepreneurs of Color Roundtable here in Detroit. Hearing their stories of success and learning more about the challenges they face is something that's really important to me.
I'm live on with watch it live!
 2020 Watch-New: - previewing his strategy in tonight's  - tells that if the…
Tonight. 8 pm ET. Tune in. 
It's that time again... Let us know you'll be cheering on  tonight by giving $3 now! 
 is a narcissist who doesn’t care about this country. Thats why we have to win in 2020. 
 "The job of the President is to unify the country. To every day get up, and try to remind the American people that we're a…
I'm live with now! 
I'll be on with Brooke Baldwin a 3:40 EST... watch it live!
 We've trusted you, don't let us down
I'm all for voluntary national service, which I rolled out months ago, I just believe having everyone serve can heal our nation. The program should start voluntary and, over time, as it gains broad public support it can revolve to include everyone. 
 "It’s actually pretty obvious how we beat Trump," says John Delaney, "because the road map for it is the 2018 midterms."…
Yet again, innocent lives were lost because the government failed to institute gun safety laws. We have to act now, before yet another tragedy like this happens. 
It's time to bring the country together, to restore our sense of shared purpose and rebuild a common and inclusive national destiny. That's why we need mandatory national service. 
It's time to restore a sense of common purpose and bring people together. We need leaders that want to heal divisions, not deepen them. Read my op-ed at on why we need mandatory national service.  
Get on Board if you want "Real Solutions, Not impossible Promises" - Get on Board if you want to stop talking about stuff and start getting things done - Get on Board if you want America to start working again! 
I'm about to be live on don't forget to tune in!
Important read about how we erroneously attribute extreme views to the other side. We need to better understand each other. For example, social media doesn't represent the parties - only 2% of the population creates 80% of twitter content!  
Coming to a community near you! 
We need big transformational change to stop America from dividing any further. We need mandatory national service.  
Today I'm announcing my plan for a mandatory national service program. Read all about it here: 
 has more decency and character than could ever dream of - Rep Cummings is a giant of American politics and Trump is a petty, insecure man. He should stop making nasty comments about communities of color and start helping people. 
“I believe that, come fall, the central question the Democrats will be asking themselves is: How do we beat the president? I think Democrats will realize that if we make this election about an entirely new model for the country, that feels pretty risky.” 
“Many of the things I’m working towards line up very well with the progressive movement. But my way of getting there is much more practical. I consider myself, in many respects, a pragmatic idealist.” 
 and and are handling this perfectly. They understand how a representative democracy is supposed to work - experience matters.  
I've campaigned in all 99 Iowa Counties, but riding in  let me see the state in a whole new light: 
Yesterday I released my plan to help restore disadvantaged urban communities. My Cities Fair Deal includes universal pre-k and universal health care, a living wage, and increasing access to affordable housing. Read the full plan here: 
 Check out the full video here: 
This morning I spoke at the Conference about my plan to revitalize urban communities. 
 "One of the things I've always admired so much about the work that you do and have done historically...it's also done with a s…
Residents of disadvantaged communities in urban areas are in urgent need of new investment. My Cities Fair Deal is focused on expanding opportunities, addressing injustice and making sure everyone has a chance to live the American Dream. 
  and I just finished our interview with  at  
  chats with at  
 “Access to capital: I know more about this than any other person running for President. We need programs with government gu…
 “We have to make transformative investments in the communities that are left behind.”  
 NOW: Now on stage at the  
I'll be speaking momentarily at the Conference. Tune in live here: 
The answer is obvious. We stand for progress. We stand for leaving the world better than we found it by fixing healthcare, improving education, tackling climate and creating a strong economy. To do this we need real solutions not impossible promises.  
This morning I released my 10-Point Cities Fair Deal Plan, aimed at revitalizing urban communities. Check out the whole plan here: 
 📡 LIVE NOW! What plans do 2020 presidential candidates have for  Watch the livestream for our Opening Ple…
I can't argue that brew pubs have a special appeal but funding 5,000 small businesses and watching them grow definitely led to a lot of toasts over beers! 
What a great morning at  Couldn't have asked for a better day to bike through this beautiful state. 
You gotta be strong to beat Trump 💪 
 As always, is riding in style as they finish up today's first leg of   
  is all set to head off on his  route today, leaving from Indianola  
🚲🚲 
The spending levels reflect what the American people want from their government - it's now time to fix healthcare and get tax revenues closer in line with spending levels to avoid a long term fiscal crisis.  
 used to understand the value and support the TPP before he had to sing from Trump's songbook. After what Trump’s trade blunders have done to Iowa’s economy, Pence should be embarrassed to represent the Trump administration on trade in Iowa.
Scrapping the TPP restricted markets available to Iowa’s farmers which Trump made even worse with his trade war on China, especially because not being in TPP gives us less leverage over China.
The benefits that USMCA has over NAFTA are some of the same provisions that made Trans-Pacific Partnership such a strong trade deal, which is why Trump’s decision to scrap the TPP was such a tragedy.
 Not holding back. Not slowing down. We're excited to have back in the state tomorrow for  
The growing climate crisis is going to shape the future for our children and grandchildren. We have to act now, before it's too late. I have a comprehensive plan to reduce emissions, support working people and help us innovate our way out of this problem. 
Entrepreneurs create jobs, spark innovation and help create new hubs of economic growth and opportunity. As president I will prioritize new business formation and will establish an Entrepreneurship Czar to focus on these issues. 
The notion of "generational equity" is irrelevant to our current political leaders. We are passing on both fiscal and climate debts to the next generation that they will not be able to repay. Shameful.  
2/2 to the TPP amplifies. Other risks include high levels of income ; opportunity inequality, a potential dramatic (and inevitable) repricing of fossil fuel and weather related assets, a lack of infrastructure investments, disruption of work from innovation ; underfunded pensions
1/2 ‘crash’ prediction is misguided - her views don’t stand up to a serious evaluation of today’s risks. The big risks today include U.S. (and other sovereign) debt levels, which her policies make worse and a withdrawal of U.S. global leadership, which her opposition
I talked about my favorite app, my go to karaoke song, and my inspiration for fighting climate change on Hear about all that and more here: 
Last week in Iowa I discussed my plans on health care, lowering drug prices, Social Security, climate change and more. Video here:  
 ‘He cares about branding. I care about building something.’ — Presidential candidate ; businessman says that…
Nobody working a full time job should still be struggling to earn a living. I have a plan to help low income families by increasing minimum wage, establishing universal paid family leave, and increasing tax credits for working people. 
For all my friends in Iowa-- look out for me on the road at  on Wednesday. I'm looking forward to taking part in this famous Iowan tradition! 🚲🚲  
Looking forward to attending the Annual Conference this week in Indianapolis and speaking on the importance of 
Yes. We need BOTH to engage in a massive global tree planting endeavor AND new technology. We have to place as many bets as possible. The stakes are too high. 
"It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena" - Teddy Roosevelt
Another week, another trip to Iowa. is here to tell you about that and more on this week's ICYMI: 
50 years ago today, man set foot on the moon for the first time. This groundbreaking accomplishment is truly a testament to what our nation can accomplish when we come together with a common purpose.  
We've got to fix our broken politics. My plan to restore our democracy includes: 1) ending gerrymandering 2) protecting voting rights and 3) overturning Citizens United. As President I will also regularly debate Congress 
We've got to make sure that our economy works for everyone. Earlier this summer, I released my Living Wage plan, which 1) raises the minimum wage 2) expands the EITC and 3) establishes paid family leave. These are real solutions, not impossible promises 
If we run on class warfare, single payor healthcare or everything for free we will put Trump on a glide path to reelection. The American people want a positive and commonsense vision for our future, based on real solutions not impossible promises.  
Climate change is a massive, immediate problem that is already affecting us. If we're going to save this planet, we need a real solution that can be implemented soon. I have a plan to do that:  
 I came to this campaign because John Delaney has the best plan for healthcare for all Americans as well as a pragmatic and…
There are qualities that business  people who frequently file for bankruptcy share, including lack to fiscal responsibility, impulsive behavior, ignoring risks out of convenience, short term thinking ; a pattern of making bad decisions. Trump has brought these qualities to the WH
I'm glad to have been the one person to change the conversation and point out the huge problems with Bernie's Medicare4all. But we shouldn't just settle for a public option (which is a good start) but we need smart universal healthcare like my BetterCare plan.
 200 days until the  
Trump's acts this week are first evidence as to why we must defeat him. The roadmap for doing that is OBVIOUS  - it's how we flipped 40 House R Districts - by focusing on commonsense solutions to economic issues facing hardworking Americans.  We didn't win with extreme positions
"Send her back" is a xenophobic and violence inducing chant that every American should view as extremely dangerous to the values that define our nation and, ultimately, the freedom we cherish.  It is emblematic of all that is wrong with Trump's cowardly leadership.
 Democratic candidate John Delaney wants to pay you a carbon dividend 
  discussed how to tackle rising prescription drug costs for seniors. 
Today's impeachment vote didn't get a majority of Ds, the GND vote months ago got 0 Ds and Medicare4all is losing Ds at a fast rate. What does get Democratic, Independent, ; Republican support is creating jobs, improving people's economics ; real solutions to healthcare ; climate
"Just nominate a decent, sane person, one committed to reunifying the country and creating more good jobs, a person who can gain the support of the independents, moderate Republicans and suburban women who abandoned Donald Trump in the midterms"  
Excited to be on the debate stage in two weeks and talk about REAL SOLUTIONS to healthcare, public education, economic opportunity and the impact of technology not make IMPOSSIBLE PROMISES. Hardworking Americans need us to solve problems not talk about political theory.
There is incorrect reporting about our 2Q FEC numbers. The FEC report indicates that our campaign spent $2.1 Million on expenses, not the $11.2 Million that has been reported. It was incorrectly reported initially ; now repeated several times, which is why we are clarifying it.
My plan BetterCare provides universal health care coverage to everyone as a basic right – for free. But it also allows people to have the option to keep their private plans. Here's what isn't telling you about Medicare for All: 
 On stage now ; speaking about the high price of prescription drugs: citizens should pay the same as…
 "If we run on getting rid of private insurance, we lose. You can have universal healthcare without taking away private i…
 Gary Straight asks If you are elected President, how will you use the power of your office to put us on track t…
 Thank you for taking the time to speak with the Emerge network! It was great to hear your plans for a more…
I'll be speaking at the AARP Forum at 3:15 EST/2:15 CT. Tune in live here: 
 We made a quick stop in Lisbon, Iowa and a stop at Addy's- here's with Karri the owner!  
 We’re an hour and a half out until the third AARP Presidential Candidate Forum starts! Taking the stage today:
We can't thrive in the 21st century with infrastructure from the 1950s. My $2 trillion infrastructure plan is focused the areas of most need. The American people need real solutions that will improve their lives. 
My administration would create an Entrepreneurship Czar responsible for promoting new business formation. 
I was lucky to have the opportunity to create successful businesses and live the American Dream. Fostering entrepreneurship is key to making sure economic growth and opportunity are broadly shared and that we continue to innovate.
We now have the longest economic expansion in history (good news) but it's not helping enough people (bad news). We need a President to rethink our economic future to more broadly share prosperity not to throw out our economic model with wild policy ideas  
Despite our significant challenges right now, the condition of the world improves each and every day as measured by global poverty. Trade, open societies ; market economies make this happen. Imagine if we had real U.S. leadership....
Expanding access to early childhood education, Pre-K ; community college/technical training gets little focus in the 2020 campaign yet they are the foundation of success for the next generation. Maybe they are not divisive enough to warrant attention, but I will keep pushing them
We can’t afford more impossible promises from politicians. We have someone in the White House who already does that. It’s time for the rest of the candidates in the field to be honest with the American people. Here’s what Senator Sanders isn’t willing to tell you about M4A: 
This weekend in Iowa I spoke about how we need to start getting real things done for working people again. Watch part of my speech at the Progress Iowa Corn Feed here:
It's time to bring respect, honor, and integrity back to the White House. The DNC has made hitting a donor threshold a requirement for the fall debates. Click here to chip in and help us continue to spread our message:
 John Delaney: For New Hampshire, we need long-term solutions to the    
April and I had a wonderful weekend in Iowa. Iowa Democrats are ready for 2020! Thanks to everyone who came out to see us - you make these trips fun and remind me why I'm in this race. 
If Democrats run on M4A, we will lose in 2020. We need universal health care, but making private insurance illegal isn't the right way to get there. My plan creates universal coverage, leaves Medicare alone and allows people to keep the care they like. 
What we need to beat Trump and start getting things done in Washington is someone with both experience building businesses and creating jobs and experience in the Congress. I'm the only one running with that combination.
Great weekend in Iowa talking to voters about real solutions. Building infrastructure, lowering drug prices, expanding early childhood education, rural healthcare and making college affordable are more important to most voters than the the topics that get most of the coverage...
 is working very hard to keep her caucus together, legislate, and support the Members that flipped Republican Districts and delivered a Democratic majority to check Trump. This is a tough assignment and IMO she's doing a good job.  
 In press gaggle, as in his speech, warns about “impossible promises” that some in the party are making on…
Trump's xenophobic and racist tweets are an affront to our values of decency and diversity. He doesn't understand that disagreements are part of democracy and that he has a duty, above all others, to set a proper tone for our nation. We must deliver him a crushing defeat in 2020.
 If elected president, vows to advance only bipartisan bills during his first 100 days in office - citing h…
 . on having a separate climate debate, "I think we should definitely do it."  
 A caucus goer asks how he’ll win over voters in rural America. Delaney says putting workers first will win Democ…
  is running for President, not just to be your President, but to do the job. Thank you, 1st District
We should be enormously proud of our country but embarrassed by our politics. Americans are so much better than the sum of our political parties. Let's get America working again, not with complicated theories or impossible promises, but with real solutions 
  at Ankeny Dems BBQ: “We spend all our time fighting, and we don’t spend any of our time doing ... The Ame…
  kicks off the Ankeny Area Democrats’ BBQ saying Americans don’t want more partisanship and gridlock. He says A…
 2020 candidate on the leftward lean of the Democratic Party from members like Rep. Ocasio-Cortez and Sen. War…
  is live on now 
I'll be on with in 20 minutes. Tune in live at 9:40 am EST!
 "I always paid my bills.... He stiffed workers, workers in many ways like my dad.” — presidential candida…
We have a long road ahead of us as we work to help the more than two million Americans struggling with opioid addiction.
 Thanks for supporting making DC the 51st state with 51 votes in the Senate, Congressman proud to have you…
"Democratic presidential candidate John Delaney cautioned voters against falling for 'impossible promises' and 'bumper sticker slogans' in his latest trip to the Elm City Wednesday" 
Secretary Acosta's behavior with regards to the Epstein Case was entirely unacceptable, and particularly intolerable from sitting cabinet member.  This is the right decision. 
I'll be on tonight talking to about the Mueller delay, Secretary Acosta, and more. Tune in at 6 pm EST!
It's been another busy week on the trail. Check out what National Press Secretary has to say about it: 
 John Delaney: For New Hampshire, We Need Long-Term Solutions to the Opioid Epidemic - Concord Monitor 
 is right. If we move far left on immigration, call for making private health insurance illegal, engage in Pelosi vs AOC drama, etc we put Trump on a glide path to reelection. We need a sensible candidate that can win the middle to beat Trump 
For everyone in Louisiana - Stay safe over the next few days! Know that you have the whole country standing by you in support. 
 Great group of SW Iowa Democrats at Taco Thursday in Council Bluffs today! We’re having a fantastic conversation about
This campaign is about you. That's why I'm not taking any money from corporate PACS. Instead, I'm focusing on building a strong grassroots campaign that goes everywhere and talks to everyone, but I can't do it without your help.
Mitch McConnell should stop enabling the President and stand up to him and defend the Constitution. The Court was very clear in its ruling, the citizenship question will not be on the 2020 Census, any efforts to usurp their authority should be met by swift action from Congress.
The President’s disregard for both the rule of law and the separation of powers is a threat to our government and is an effort to concentrate power in an individual, which is the root of tyranny. Continued attacks on our institutions erode public trust and weaken our democracy.
 2020 Democratic Primary continues in places like Vinton and Rippey.  Thanks to the candidates like and…
 Cooking, packing, picking up, dropping off, re packing, planning, posting. Meet us at the  See you Saturday. 😘 
Larry Diamond: "The incentive of the social media companies is to perpetuate outrage. The more we're riveted, the more time we spend online and the more ads we see. And so the revenue model of Facebook is not consistent with Democracy"
Well said, 
This week I sat down for a Q;A with the editorial board. We talked about health care, climate change, my entrepreneurial background, and a lot more. Check it out here: 
President Trump always has the wrong instinct in terms of doing what is right. A fact that is reflected, once again, in his comments about feeling bad for Secretary Acosta, not the victims of Epstein's crimes. 
The easy path in politics is to be partisan, divisive, and make impossible promises to get attention. The hard path is to be unifying and put forth sensible ideas that can get done. It's always better in life to take the hard path.
We need an economic vision that can shape the changes driven by technology and globalization into a future where Americans have decent jobs with good pay in all parts of our country. It takes someone with both private sector and public sector experience to know how to do this.
  on Alex Acosta: "[President Trump] should ask this person in his administration to resign." 
  live on now 
The President doesn't believe in alliances. We need a leader who understands the importance of maintaining these relationships, and will work to keep them strong. 
While the Trump Administration is trying to take people's health care away, the first thing I want to do in office is fix the ACA, and build it into universal health care. This is one of the most important aspects of many Americans lives, and should be our top priority. 
I'll be on tonight with Errol Barnett. Watch it live at 7:12 pm EST!
Our great country needs leadership that is strong and moral and is more concerned with doing what is right than about political fights.  We also need a President who will reform our immigration system and fix Central America.
Earlier this year, my wife April and I travelled with a group of law students and professors to provide legal assistance to asylum seekers there. These are real people, human beings who are fleeing horrible conditions and seeking a better life.
President Trump's immigration policies are inhumane and against our values. The Family Separation policy in particular must end immediately.
 "He just doesn’t look at the world in the right way… he thinks it’s all about him."Presidential candidate
Ross Perot was a singular American and a patriot. He was right when he said "D.C. has become a town with sound bites, shell games, handlers, media stuntmen who posture, create images, talk, but don’t ever accomplish anything. We need deeds, not words" 
My first hundred day agenda: fix ACA and begin work on universal healthcare, lower drug prices, carbon fee and dividend , $2 Trillion of infrastructure, national service and digital privacy. All bipartisan and all done in a hundred days. Let's get America working again!
Welcome aboard, we're thrilled to have you on  
Let's not lose sight of the real goal - beating Trump.  We beat Trump with real solutions on healthcare, jobs, pay, education - not on economic or political theories or impossible promises. Let's tell voters how we make their lives better in ways they can see happening.
Secretary Acosta should resign immediately. It is clear that he displayed terrible judgment in the Epstein case and his continued presence in the cabinet is absolutely unacceptable.
“There is a path to resetting our country’s moral compass.” Well said, It's wonderful to see inspirational leaders like you stepping up to fight for a better future. 
I'll be on with Brooke Baldwin today at 2:30 pm EST. Don't forget to tune in!
Mr. Trump, we are not fooled by your lies or your attempt to wrap yourself in the accomplishments of those who came before you. The truth is that you are the WORST President in modern history for the environment. You deny climate change for God's sake! 
 I have great respect for your decision to continue serving the people of California and you are a great member of Congress. Our party is fortunate to have talented leaders like you on the front lines and you had a very positive impact on the 2020 debate.
What a way to celebrate Independence Day! 
"If Democrats run a presidential candidate and adopt a position advocating a single-payer health care plan that does away with private insurance, it's likely to cost them any chance to win control of the Senate and may also imperil their House majority." 
 2020 Watch: opens up on fiscal/economic/pocketbook issues.. and more..as he speaks with ; yo…
Trumpian industrial and economic policy is based on isolationism, tariffs, coal and trickle down. My industrial and economic policy is based on trade, technology, renewables, infrastructure, and supporting workers.
Medicare4All, free 4 year college, discharging all student debt, ; eliminating fossil fuels in 12 years are either bad ideas or impossible promises. Universal healthcare, free community college, student debt relief and net zero CO2 emission by 2050 are good ideas that can happen.
I have real solutions to raise wages, create jobs everywhere, make healthcare available to everyone, and improve public education. This is an economic plan that can beat Trump. It's real, it's sensible and with the right leadership, it can happen.  
  tells he would not decriminalize illegal border crossings but adds that he would make separat…
Congrats to the You're making us proud back home 🇺🇸⚽️🏆
On I explained why Medicare for All is not the right way to achieve universal health care. Too many candidates, including have outsourced health care policy to and his plan is really bad policy that the country will reject. 
I'm running for president to bring the country together and make our government work again, so that we can fix health care, rebuild our infrastructure and prepare for the future. 
 Challenging his fellow  candidates, says many of them have “outsourced” their  plan t…
  tells “I’m running for president to get America working again,” adding that, “We have to fin…
I'm live on now! 
 TODAY: We interview 2020 Democratic Presidential Candidate On TV, the radio, and streaming online, don't…
I'll be on tomorrow at 10:30 am EST. Tune in live! 
We won the 2018 midterms on healthcare and we will lose the 2020 election on healthcare if we run on Medicare4all - it forces half the country to change coverage and hurts hospitals. We need a common sense universal healthcare plan that allows choice - like my BetterCare plan.
National Press Secretary is back with this week's latest trips, events, and policy roll-outs. Check it out here: 
 For those who like going in-depth, save an hour later on for interview with our editorial board. Here's my…
My dad, a union construction worker, would say "if you care about workers, you vote for the democrats."  My campaign puts the working family first, which is why I focus on jobs, pay, infrastructure, public schools, healthcare - the things that matter to everyone.
April and I had a wonderful time in New Hampshire yesterday celebrating our magnificent country. It was great to see so many Americans and their families attending various parades to honor our nation and the cause of liberty. 
 More from Amherst: showed off some legit candidate wheels when he had to catch up with his team after shak…
It's been a great week so far in New Hampshire! What a great place to celebrate  
As we all celebrate today, let's never forget what this holiday is about: celebrating the values of freedom, dignity, and unity, that have made our country so great for 243 years. It's time to restore those principles to the White House.
 2020 Watch: cover Democratic presidential candidate  mar…
Wishing everyone a happy 4th of July filled with family, friends, and (of course) great food!  
Well said 
We've seen an incredible surge of support since the first debate, but the work's not done yet. The DNC is mandating that candidates get 130k donors to make the cut for the fall debates. Will you help us hit that goal by giving today? 
This week as we celebrate our nation, it's important to recognize how important it is to renew our sense of unity. That's why I've made national service a big part of my campaign. My plan brings people from different backgrounds together and fosters a spirit of common purpose.
Read the whole thing here: 
In April, I announced my National Service Plan to restore a sense of common purpose and unity to our nation. It would encourage young people to spend a year serving their country through community service, military service, infrastructure apprenticeships, or a climate corps.
In 2017, more than 47,000 people in the United States died from a drug overdose involving an opioid. That’s an average of 130 people every day. We need to act on this issue immediately, and I have a plan to do that. 
 🚨CANINE CAUCUS ALE🚨 Everywhere goes, we run into strong supporters of John's message. 
 2020 WATCH: tells that move to raise qualifying thresholds for rounds 3 ; 4…
The benefit of telling the truth.   
 On the  campaign trail isn’t backing down from his contention that single payer health care is bad po…
 Democratic White House contender volunteered time at nation's largest immigrant detention center in Texas.…
Working together, we can put an end to the opioid epidemic. By creating a stronger mental health system, strengthening prevention efforts, and helping those with addiction to rebuild their lives, we can stop the crisis which has hurt millions of American families.
IMO, the DNC's decision to require 130,000 donors will be viewed as a big mistake.  It forces candidates to pour resources into Facebook ads and away from campaigning and it orients the message towards on-line activists not working families.  
 Today in NH we’re announcing our national plan to address the opioid epidemic - we have to strengthen prevention efforts…
  braved the Iowa heat to talk to folks in Check it out: 
Debates  were a missed opportunity to discuss issues that really matter to all Americans like infrastructure, public education, retirement security, and creating jobs everywhere, not just the big cities.  Let's get back to the "kitchen table" issues facing American families.
There should be responsibility and accountability for companies who know how addictive opioids were and continue to push them anyway. 
 2020 presidential candidate told me his plan to combat the  He worries  would redu…
 After last week’s success on the debate stage, is in NH this week, talking with real voters about the issue…
Opioid addiction is ravaging our nation, which is why I am announcing a new, expansive national plan to address the opioid crisis head-on. 
Two things that should have been discussed at the debates: the fact that nearly 70,000 Americans die each year from opioid overdoses and the fact that 12 million children in the US live in food insecure homes.
 Today wrapped up a 3-day, 9-event swing through Iowa. On Saturday, I drove with him from Boone to Panora to disc…
Excited for a busy week campaigning in New Hampshire, with events in Atkinson, Windham, Nashua, Keene, Jaffrey, Keene, Concord, Durham, Derry, Amherst, Brentwood, Manchester and Laconia. Check out the details here:
 Happy birthday to our amazing organizer Keith!! Excited to bite down on these cupcakes from Buckley’s Bakery! 🧁 😋 
Workable solutions - on healthcare, infrastructure, jobs and education - that are paid for and can get done is what the American people need. That's how real progress is made.
 Good morning, Dubuque! Thank you for questions as strong as your coffee. But also, thank you for the coffee. ☕️☕️☕️ 
 Just a normal day with and The  
"Vision without action is just a dream" - Candidates for President should be able to describe how their ideas work in the real world, how they will pay for them and how they can actually get them done. The stakes are too high for impossible promises - we need actionable solutions
  targets some fellow Dems on the Iowa campaign trail: “And what I think is tragic, a bunch of people — Eli…
  to Neil: I think when people actually realize what's in this Medicare-for-all bill, the overwhelming majority…
It's really simple, I'm running on real solutions to the issues facing hardworking Americans, not impossible promises.
 While speaking with the in Des Moines took questions on healthcare, immigration, and labor laws…
No time off here. I'm back in Iowa this weekend to talk to voters around the state at meet and greets and picnics. To see if there's an event near you, check out my events page here:  
We should not be the party against companies making a profit. Profit is not a dirty word.  A certain amount of profit is a necessity to stay in business.  The opposite is a loss, and a business losing money is failing.  With failure comes lost jobs and livelihoods.
When it comes to health care, we should be the party that keeps what’s working and fixes what’s broken.
Appreciate the shout out as one of the only reasonable Democrats. To beat Trump we have to run on improving jobs, pay, healthcare, and public schools.  These issues move the needle for Americans ; if we are not focusing on them, we are missing it.   
 Thank you  for inviting us to join them at Bottle and Bottega this morning.  is all about fixin…
  Cost of Medicare for All ‘Takes Your Breath Away’ 
I'll be on with this morning at 10:15 am EST. Don't forget to tune in!
 marks a truly important day in our nation's history and reminds us that progress is made when brave people step forward and demand justice. We must also recognize that our work to ensure LGBTQ+ equality is not done and that we need a WH that is committed to equality.
On to the semi-finals While you’re winning games over in France, we’re working hard back home to make the 2020 White House one and the rest of the team would be proud to come visit.
Remembering the victims of the tragic Capital Gazette shooting today. We remember them as individuals and as dedicated journalists who were targeted for doing their essential work. Democracy isn't possible without a free press. 
On universal health care, climate change and so many other issues, it's time to stop talking about these things and focus on real ways forward to making them actually happen. 
 Great piece following up on plan, laid out during Wednesday's  for a carbon fee and div…
 Join us this Tuesday for our 100th event in NH!! John will be participating in a presidential forum at Temple Beth Abrah…
  is on the Politics Hour now talking about his deb…
 What does think it's going to take for Democrats t…
 Today on the Politics Hour, joins us to talk about the Democratic presidential debates and the SCOTUS ruling on…
Good take on combining best of CA ; TX: "a freedom loving wish to keep government out of people's private lives, a place friendly to business ; provides opportunities for people, while also protecting the environment ; funding education"  - my platform! 
On health care, this primary is moving away from platitudes and slogans and moving towards real solutions. 
Candidates are being forced to explain whether or not they want to eliminate private insurance. The health care debate is now happening on our terms. That wasn’t the case a month ago.
The feeling is mutual 
Incredible moment from Senator The decisions elected officials make impact people's lives directly and her story brought that home. This is what public service is about.
We must make our country the world’s leader in negative emissions technology.  This combined with my carbon tax and dividend plan will get us to net-zero emissions by 2050.  
 Show of hands, which 2020 candidates would reenter the TPP after naming China our biggest geopolitical threat? Only one…
When a lot of Democrats wouldn't, I stood with President Obama on trade policy. As President, I want us to set the terms in Asia, not China. That's why we need to reenter the Trans-Pacific Partnership.  
These people are terrible at interrupting 😊 
The amount of money Americans spend on prescription drugs has nearly doubled since the 1990s with pharmaceutical companies raising the cost on life saving drugs. I have a plan to bring down these costs. 
I am successful because of the education I received at every level. I want to make sure your kids have the same chance - that’s why I am fighting for universal pre-k, free community college/career and technical training for all.  
When people are told what Medicare For All actually does, most people don’t want it. Making private insurance illegal is bad policy and bad politics. My plan provides Universal Healthcare without forcing Americans off of their plans. 
We need to see real solutions, not impossible promises during tonight’s debate. 
Hey big fan here. Thanks for the shoutout.   
 Spinning outside the Spin Room has begun!  
We're making a name for ourselves... 
  tells me he would have liked more time in last night's  but he thought he made some "points th…
 outsourced her healthcare plan to That's a huge problem. 
 excellent v debate on health care right no
"Millions of union members like John Delaney’s father have excellent health insurance they would like to keep.” 
“Other Democrats might not like to hear it, but Mr. Delaney is doing them a favor. He is warning that Medicare for All is a socialist trap that Donald Trump and Republicans will exploit in the general election if one of the Medicare for All candidates wins the nomination."
Thanks for talking about my health care plan this morning on Let’s fix what’s broken and keep what works, not take things away. 
  live on now! 
This should be a health care primary. Let's focus less on slogans and more on finding the right plan for the country. I have a universal health care plan that makes sure everyone is covered. 
I want to ensure that every American has a fair shot at a living wage. Here's how I would do that: 
I can get my bipartisan carbon tax bill passed during my first year as President. This is the kind of realistic, impactful plan we need to save the planet. 
 Alex, thanks so much to you and everyone over at Got to give
  interviews from Miami  
We need universal healthcare in this country. But if we run as a party on making private insurance illegal, we will lose the next election. 
 and are killing this  - I don't think anyone saw that coming
  "Well, the biggest geopolitical challenge is China. But the biggest geopolitical threat remains nuclear weapo…
 Delaney, in limited time, has performed very well
I'm on now! 
 John Delaney says he hopes voters saw that "I'm a problem solver, and that I tell the truth" following the first  
This primary is all about the battle of ideas, and I had a great time sharing mine on stage tonight. But we're just getting started. If you like what you heard, I hope you'll consider chipping in $5 for the campaign now.
 Strong performance tonight from His bipartisan carbon tax plan is the kind of policy we need to move our cou…
I'm running on real solutions, not impossible promises.   
Nobody is above the law. Not even the President. 
You can’t put a price on carbon, raise energy prices, and not give the money back to the American people. This has got to be our way forward if we are actually serious about this issue. 
  
 On the prosecution of after he leaves office, says “I don’t think anyone is above the law”…
I don’t think anyone is above the law including the President.  
 "I have some concerns about  Medicare for  All, so I liked John's answer. I don't think we should force everyone off  th…
I introduced the only bipartisan carbon tax bill in Congress. That’s how we fight climate change. And I can get that done.   
 ‘I think we should be the party that keeps what’s working and fixes what’s broken’: former Representative John Delaney, an out…
We need real solutions, not impossible promises.   
 This would be the knock-out blow to climate change. Thanks for making the case. 
 Great answer at the  about addressing  from "All the economists agree th…
 Now arguing that pricing carbon CAN work, just has to be done in a just fashion e.g. tax but provide a divid…
I introduced the only bipartisan carbon tax bill in Congress. Read my plan here: 
 Thank you for mentioning  during  
Climate change is not a Democratic or Republican issue. It’s an existential threat to our planet and way of life. My plan will reduce emissions significantly in the short term and get us to net zero carbon emissions by 2050.  
 I think both ; are having great nights. You can @ me.
  
We should be the party that keeps what's working and fixes what's broken.   
Nobody should live in fear being shot in their homes, workplace, schools, or public spaces. We've allowed far too many tragedies to take place. It's time to stand up to the special interests and make our communities safer.  
 This makes sense as policy and politics. gave the best health care answer. 
I think we need to do real things to help American workers and the American people. 
 During first commercial break the majority of the people in my Gen X watching room were most impressed with....
We should give everyone in this country health care as a basic human right for free. Full stop. But we should also give them the option to buy private insurance. Why do we have to stand for taking away something from people? 
 immigration policy has separated thousands of families and is cruel and immoral. We need a new approach on immigration now.
  
 "We should give everyone in this country health care as a basic human right for free, full-stop. But we should also give…
All Americans deserve a fair chance to make a living wage.   
 Delaney has smartest line of the night so far: We should be the party that fixes what's broken, not things that are workin…
 John Delaney just had his moment
We should be the party that keeps what’s working and fixes what’s broken. 
Health Care is a fundamental human right, not a privilege. No one should have to face financial ruin in order to save their health. My BetterCare universal health care plan ensures everyone has access to the care they need, without taking away people's choices.
 John Delaney had the best answer of the night.
 Ok. with real policy solutions and some personal background. He’s answering questions. Delaney is prepared.
No American should struggle to earn a living wage. Under our plan, workers will have the pay and benefits they deserve.
I’m about to walk on stage for the  This is the biggest event of the campaign, and I feel so grateful for all the love and support that's gotten us this far. If you haven't had a chance yet, become a part of  by giving today:
I’m about to walk on stage for the  This is the biggest event of the campaign, and I feel so grateful for all the love and support that's gotten us this far. If you haven't had a chance yet, become a part of  by giving today:
 Thank you, June!
If you’re planning on tuning into the  tonight, here’s what you need to know about me:    ✅Blue Collar Kid    ✅Founded and Led Two Businesses    ✅Represented MD-6 in CongressLearn more here: 
 Let's do this   
If you haven't had a chance yet, read up about them here: 
This campaign is about finding real solutions to the problems facing us. Since launching this campaign, I've announced 21 policies about the issues that matter most to people: universal health care, expanding opportunity, fighting climate change and more.
It’s debate day and we can’t wait for tonight. Will you be tuning in at 9 Eastern/ 8 Central? Sign your name now so John knows you’ll be cheering him on!
 Join us tomorrow at 8:30pm for a debate watch party at our NH headquarters at 803 Canal St. in Manchester! We’ll pop pop…
I'm live on now! 
 Tune in to - is on in 3 from the  venue with 
Debate night! Are you with us? 
 You can now, Sam. Good luck with your project!
"greeting the grossest abuses as routine veers too close to treating them as acceptable"   
I don't know how people can read this story and not be heartbroken. Yes, we have to fix our broken immigration system. And yes, we have to help stabilize the Central American countries that are causing the flow of migrants. But we also have to be decent.  
Rising sea levels hit Miami, floods wipe out towns in the Midwest  and fires devastate California. What's the common cause? Climate change. We have to act now.  
Thanks for having me on, 
  talks 2020 debates with here in Miami 
 Excited for our town hall with tomorrow at 2 eastern? Tweet us your questions with the hashtag  and…
I think we all know that cancelling all student debt or writing off huge amounts won't happen, nor is it the best use of $1-2 trillion in light of other priorities. I have a real plan to help people struggling under student loans that can actually get done 
 Today’s large 2020 Democratic presidential field began when businessman and then-Rep. declared his candidacy w…
This horrific treatment of people in our country is cruel and un-American. We should be ashamed of ourselves for allowing such things to happen within our borders. 
  will be in Guthrie County on June 29th to share his ideas with local Democrats. Be there or be⏹. RSVP here…
 I might be biased but I say it's worth the drive!
 Register now for our shareholder town hall interview with tomorrow at 2 pm eastern! ht…
 Thank you, Alan!
Was proud to be part of the New Dem caucus for six years and can’t wait to meet and talk about how we take back the White House in 2020! 
In two days I'll be on the stage for the first debate. You know I'm not afraid to tell the truth and speak up for what's right. Will you show your support and help us gear up by donating $3 now? 
This campaign is about bringing people together, getting things done and creating a vision for the future. It was a great weekend in South Carolina. 
My message is simple: people don't want impossible promises, they want real solutions to real problems. To win in 2020 we have to talk about the issues people care about, issues like jobs, health care, and infrastructure. 
 Mark your calendars for the PredictIt Shareholder Interview of 2020 hopeful this Wednesday at 2 pm! 
No American should have to struggle to make ends meet. My Living Wage plan would increase the minimum wage, guarantee paid family leave, and double tax credits for workers. Read more here: 
Thanks looking forward to the debate Wednesday night! 
“Voters have big health-care worries, but not the ones Democrats are talking about.” Instead of Medicare for All, the Post reports that “many voters are not focused on such lofty goals. They want something simpler — to pay less for their own health care.” 
This heartbreaking story makes the point about the need for universal healthcare in the United States better than any politician can. Healthcare is a basic human right and rural America, in particular, is suffering because we haven't delivered on it yet.  
Respectfully, some of the people I’m running against are running on some impossible promises, and at the end of the day, if we go to the general election running on some of these things, we’re not going to win. 
 Throughout his campaign, has been raising funds for Planned Parenthood. Today, he joined us to talk about his…
I just spoke about universal health care, a fair tax policy for workers and restoring the American Dream at the  Check out the whole speech here: 
Had a great weekend in South Carolina!  
  talks 2020 with on 
 “A responsible nation would have created a universal health care system a long time ago,” says at the
I'm live now speaking at the  Tune in on MSNBC! 
  “I believe strongly that health care is a basic human right — and that everyone should have access to health care…
 Up now is "Women should be equally represented, and they will be in my administration." Cites his marriage…
  “The Hyde amendment … effectively prevents so many women in this country from actually getting the care that they…
I'm live speaking at the Planned Parenthood Action’s  presidential forum! Tune in now: 
The Delaney blimp is back, and flying high this morning at the Convention. I'll be speaking later today... stay tuned for details! 
 Flying high in SC! 
Together we are on a mission. A mission to find the America that has been lost. Lost through inaction, lost through incivility, lost through a President that lacks a moral compass. We are better than this. 
 “We are on a mission,” tells the crowd, emphasizing his focus on workers’ rights, “a mission to find the Ame…
Speaking at Rep. Clyburn’s World Famous Fish Fry   
 My official  photo with at the world famous  
 Taking it to the streets in South Carolina! 
  on Live from Fish Fry 
  will be debating on the big stage June 26th! We're getting ready to watch our guy on the big screen! Join…
Foreign policy is central to the job of President - I've released the most detailed plan.   John Delaney, 2020 Democrat, has a serious foreign policy plan - Vox 
Excited to be kicking off the  at the  tonight! I'll be on CBSN Live from the event at 8:45 pm.   

It’s time to give those that work some of the toughest jobs in America a raise. My new Workers’ Tax Credit expands a bipartisan program, the EITC, and pairs it with a $15 minimum wage and universal paid family leave, which would really make a difference for working families.
It's been another busy week on the trail, and it's not over yet. Luckily, is here to catch you up on the week's interviews, events, and the upcoming trip to South Carolina. Check it out here: 
 Thanks, Trista!
How can we stand proudly as a country if we fail to extend a helping hand to those in need? It's time to stop thinking of refugees as others, and embrace them as fellow humans.  
If you're planning on watching the first DNC debate next Wednesday, and want to do so alongside  you're in luck! Our Iowa and New Hampshire teams will be hosting watch parties and you're invited! Check out the details here: 
Withdrawing from the Iran agreement, alienating our allies, and ramping up the pressure on Iran without a clear strategy has created an inherently dangerous situation in the region and is a foreign policy failure by the Trump administration. 
The President constantly lies to the American people. But his statements on climate change are not only false, they could cost us our future. 
Evoking an avowed segregationist is not the best way to make the point that we need to work together and is insensitive; we need to learn from history but we also need to be aggressive in dismantling structural racism that exists today. 
We really do. But it's one of those things you have to do on a campaign. Help make our day by donating now and saving us a fundraising email later:  
On this day, we recognize the end of slavery in the US. As we commemorate all that African Americans have overcome, let's not forget the challenges many still face. We will continue fighting to end systemic racism in this country, and to achieve true equality for all. 
 2020 Democratic candidate John Delaney: “I will never invoke executive privilege to stop or stonewall an appropriate and p…
I'm live on now! 
 knows how to cover ground fast. From my family's immigrant history to climate change and from personal heroes to the death penalty, we talked about it all. Check out my answers here: 
 I am so proud of for “stepping forward” and talking about his passions on the - We BELIEVE in so…
Republicans are already stepping over each other to label the Democratic Party as the party of socialism, impossible promises or indifferent to the struggles facing hardworking Americans.  We should not give them that opportunity. 
The first debate is a week from tomorrow, and I'm gearing up to share my ideas on jobs, health care and climate on the big stage. Help us keep the momentum rolling by donating $3 to the campaign today:
Campaigns involve hard work, long hours and time on the road. I am constantly thankful for my team and their sacrifices. I want to give a shout out to RFD who is celebrating her 1 year anniversary with Thank you Kelsey, we're lucky to have you! 
 Let's make sure Sununu gets the message: our families need to earn a living wage for their work - plain and simple. Whil…
Making private insurance illegal is bad policy and bad politics and the truth is, the leading supporters of Medicare for All know this  – that’s why they attacked me. 
 2020 candidate to meet with on June 29th. Hope to see you there!  
 Listen: Presidential candidate discussed his punchy views on China, Big Tech and drug prices with
We owe those victims more than words. We owe them gun safety laws to stop these tragedies from being repeated, and we owe them the prioritization of law enforcement efforts against domestic terrorism and hate groups. 
4 years ago, a white supremacist killed 9 worshipers in Emanuel African Methodist Church. Today, they continue to meet and inspire the community with love and forgiveness. 
 I chatted with presidential hopeful He's basically a peacemaker, but with punchy views on healthcare, Chinese…
 We agree with Connie, is the real deal! Read Connie's piece from 
On I talked about my plan to give tax breaks to working families. Here's how we can do it: 
 Senator, you can attack me/my policies all you want but leave my terrific team members out of it. I though she did a very nice job. Please try to set a decent ; respectful tone at the top in terms of how you treat people. I would do that to your team. That's what leaders do.
Interesting stat from in 2016 HRC received 1 million more votes than Obama did in CA, NY ; MA but 1 million fewer everywhere else.  Pragmatic solutions that improve health care, education, jobs and pay (kitchen table issues) can help us with voters everywhere.
4/4 It reminds me of him and how much we all miss him and the others we have lost in the last few years, like April's mom and dad. It's a blessing to have good parents/grand parents and I'm so glad my daughters still see my mom on a regular basis.  Happy Father's Day everyone.
3/4 and to always be there for your friends and family.   I try to carry these lessons with me every day.   This last year I've been driving his last pick up truck around Iowa.
2/4 When I was a kid, I thought he was the strongest man in the world. He was very good at his job and he took great pride in the quality of his work. He taught me to work hard, to never back down from a fight, to take pride in the work you do, to build things that work
1/4 I am also thankful to have had such a great dad. Jack Delaney was a strong and good man. Fiercely loyal to his family and friends; loving, but firm, and a terrific role model to me. He was an electrician and worked with his hands every day.
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there. I've had a lot of "jobs" in my life - laborer, lawyer, CEO, Congressman, etc - but by far the "job" that has given me the most joy, meaning and purpose is being a dad to my amazing four daughters - Summer, Brooke, Lily ; Grace. ♥️
 That's our very own Anita helping out with trash pick up in Decatur County this morning then sticking around for Q ; A.…
He's correct.  
Medicare Advantage, which is Medicare managed/enhanced by private insurance, is becoming very popular - soon 50% of seniors will select it.  Under my BetterCare plan, Medicare Advantage is allowed. Under Medicare For All, Medicare Advantage is illegal. 
Despite their national viewership and multiple world titles the is paid 38 cents to the dollar on the men. This is yet another example of the gender pay gap in the US. We need the Equal Pay Act because it's time for equal pay in ALL professions. 
 Thanks Brandi, glad to have you on the team!
Deputy Comms Director walks us through this week's biggest events: a busy trip to Iowa, John's Hall of Fame speech, and some big TV moments including Check it out now: 
I am pleased to be sharing the debate stage with many strong candidates, particularly Senator Warren who, like me, is talking about new ideas.  I look forward to a debate on issues and solutions, not personality and politics.  
Today we honor the American Flag, and all that it means to the people in this country. Whatever challenges we face as a nation, this banner flies proudly as a symbol of our freedom.  
Politicians shouldn’t pick their voters, voters should choose their representatives. That's why I took pledge to support fair districts.  
 Miss today’s show? Catch up on  and our conversation with 👇LISTEN: WATCH: htt…
5/5 BetterCare gives everyone healthcare as a right, allows people to have choices, and creates a more innovative, higher quality healthcare system.  It also doesn't tell 150 million Americans that they have to change their plans.....
4/5 We also value innovation in healthcare, which is higher in non single payer systems.  Since healthcare is the number one issue for the American people, it's worth getting it right.
3/5 The United States deserves a universal healthcare system where everyone gets healthcare coverage. But I think we can all agree that a nation like ours - one that prides itself on freedom - that choice is important.
2/5 Second, there is ample evidence to suggest that single payer systems "under reimburse" providers, which leads to a reduction in quality and access. My plan - BetterCare - provides universal healthcare (meaning everyone gets coverage for free) but allows choices.
1/5 France, Germany, Sweden and the Netherlands have admirable universal healthcare systems but they don't have "single payer" healthcare systems. Why? 2 reasons. First, citizens want choices and don't want a government only plan.
Health care policy should be front and center at the debates and in this primary. and I both want Universal Health Care, but I have a better plan to get there. 
 Congressman of Maryland qualifies to participate in the first debate of the primary. He joins live t…
Trump has no moral compass and is unfit to be president. 
The Hyde Amendment prevents women from getting the health care they need, and it needs to be repealed. 
I'll be live on shortly... tune in! 
Everyone should have health care as a basic human right in this country. Full stop. I have a plan to do that. 
 2020 hopeful calls Pres. Trump’s comments to saying he would listen if foreigners offered intel…
 comments that he would accept foreign interference are un-American and un-patriotic. 
"It is un-American of a sitting president to make an offer to collude with a foreign government." 
Team Delaney is ready for John on are you? 
‼️‼️ 
It's almost like running on socialism is a really really bad idea for our party. 
 I have proposed universal healthcare, which gives every American healthcare coverage for free. I just don't believe we should outlaw private insurance - few countries have done that. Ask NH hospitals the consequence of all the bills being paid at Medicare rates - they would close
Looking forward to being on tomorrow at 11:35 EST. Don't forget to tune in! 
Democrats should restore capitalism's promise, not abandon it for socialism. CC: 

My plan, BetterCare guarantees health care coverage as a right, lowers drug prices, allows people to have options, and maintains our global preeminence in research and innovation. We are so close to breakthrough cures for major diseases and Medicare for All will jeopardize that.
We cannot and should not embrace Medicare for All as the default Democratic Party health care plan and I hope that today’s hearing will shed light on the major deficiencies in this legislation. We will lose the House if voters think we are the party of Medicare for All.
 Team Delaney went all out during the  pre-game.  
Senator Sanders wants to dramatically reshape the entire economic model of the United States, which would be a huge mistake. To his credit, Sanders has been consistent in his support for socialism and even, at times, communism. 
3 years ago today 49 lives were ended in the horrific shooting at The  Nightclub. Today, we remember those victims and their loved ones, and stand strong in support of the LGBTQ+ community.
 Phone bank in Portsmouth tonight for Big thank you to our volunteers who are getting the word out about ou…
We need universal health care, but Medicare for All is not the answer.  
Steve King and Donald Trump don't represent the values of the Iowans that I've met and by beating them both on Election Day we can make a strong statement that we want our leaders to have a strong moral compass.
It's no surprise that Steve King - someone with a long history of racist remarks, support for white supremacy and derogatory comments about immigrants -would receive a warm welcome from Donald Trump -who also has a long history of derogatory comments about immigrants.
It's time to start celebrating the real American heroes. Harriet Tubman consistently risked her life to bring others to freedom and deserves to be commemorated alongside our nation's leaders. That's why I cosponsored legislation to put her on the $20 bill. 
  on with now 
Great interview from hoping to see you in South Carolina in a few weeks! 
Team Delaney cheering on the  defend that title!! 🏆⚽️🇺🇸🇺🇸 
My universal healthcare proposal - BetterCare - is the best way forward on healthcare. It provides everyone federal healthcare coverage as a right, it encourages continued investment in innovation ; quality, and it gives Americans the freedom to make choices and keep their plans.
This article is Exhibit A as to why workers should be able to freely organize and form a union.  
My campaign is about getting things done to rebuild the American Dream. That starts with universal health care. Watch my speech from yesterday's big event in Iowa: 
  asking 2020 candidate Congressman to sign the Progressive Economic Pledge. 
Americans want choices and they want us to continue to improve health care quality. 
Senator Sanders’ Medicare-for-all plan makes for a good talking point but is in fact bad policy and bad politics. Americans don’t want Donald Trump or Mike Pence having a say in or controlling everyone’s health care benefits, which would happen if we had a single-payer system.
There are many ways to achieve universal health care. As I said yesterday in Iowa, single-payer (like Medicare for All) isn’t the only way to get there. 
I've made so many trips to this state but this was one of the best. From farmers markets to Pride to the  this weekend has been filled with love and support. Thanks to all who came out, and everyone who took the time to chat with me about the future!  
Thanks to the for hosting such a great weekend! Help us keep this momentum rolling by donating to the campaign today: 
ICYMI: My full remarks today at the  
There is more than one route to universal health care, but I believe that mine is the best way forward. You can read my plan here:  
We need to be the party of ideas. The party that embraces debate, and that uses that debate to create real, concrete solutions to the problems our nation faces. That’s how we win in 2020.   

My dad was a union electrician. He worked every day doing real, honest labor. Hardworking Americans like him don’t need more ideology, gridlock, or partisanship. They need solutions. That’s what I’m here to give them. 
Thanks to everyone who came out to the event today, and to all of you who tuned in at home. If you liked what you heard, I hope you’ll consider donating to the campaign today!
We need a president who is committed to creating universal health care. 
I’ll be live soon at the IDP   Watch it here: 
 The blimp (!) is inflated and en route to the convention center. 
That's not the only thing we're planning on winning in Iowa 😉  
Forever thankful for  
  campaign brought some sign-spinners to their pre-Hall of Fame viz  
Loving the energy here at the  ... it's going to be a great day of events!   
So proud of my amazing wife and the work being done by the 
 Happening now: ,wife of Presidential Candidate wore orange as a reminder that we must be vigila…
  and just about every other candidate is in  today. I tagged along with Delaney as he met people a…
Can’t wait for Sunday’s Iowa Democrats Hall of Fame Celebration. There’s no place like Iowa and it all starts here. Don’t forget to tune in!
Our policies must focus on all generations of Americans. Our seniors need retirement security, working families need economic security ; quality healthcare, young adults need affordable college ; skills training, and our little ones need access to early childhood education.
  out at the Farmers Market now. He stopped by the Hangry Hippos stand to check out some t-shirts 
 Just a few people here in Ankeny to see for   
I am sick and tired of the endless gun violence in this country. Enough is enough. In recognition of  I Released my gun safety policy this afternoon. You can read it here:   
Counties: 99/99 Best donut shops: 0/13Time for a chat with my campaign staff about priorities... 
So proud of my wife who will be speaking at the the  Conference this weekend. I will be cheering you on from Iowa! 
ICYMI: John was went coast to coast this week, with a busy schedule of campaign events. This weekend, we're on the road again, traveling to Iowa for the Hall of Fame Celebration. Check out the details here: 
A majority of the American people want us to address gun violence and to take concrete actions to make our communities safer. 
It is time to get this done, because no one should feel unsafe at school, at work, at the movies or anywhere else. We can’t let tragedy after tragedy happen and do nothing.
  was in POLITICO HQ yesterday and I asked him about this, for what it's worth. He thinks there should be d…
.⁦ is a successful Governor and a strong candidate. His voice should be heard in the debates.  
 You can do the same here: 
 
Happy Birthday I hope you have a nice birthday with your wife and family. To ensure everyone can be married in the US I'm donating money to today.
 Everyone deserves the right to be their true authentic self. understands that and will be speaking at Capit…
 see my oped in Post today, my point is that it kicks ~150 million Americans off their health insurance plans, which I think it does. Many, like my dad who was in a union for 60 years, like their plans very much. We respectfully disagree on if that's an issue. 
"Anger and intolerance are the enemies of correct understanding" - Mahatma Gandhi
Ro, thanks for the intelligent response (no surprise coming from you!). All the more reason to have a real debate of ideas during the primary, particularly as to how we end the tragedy of uninsured Americans, improve quality of healthcare and lower costs across the long term. 
We need universal health care, but Medicare for All isn't the right way to get there. 
Everyone should have health care as a right. My plan makes that possible without forcing millions of people who have coverage they like to change plans. 
I'm honored to be a part of it and look forward to talking about how we can leave the next generation a better future and how we can defeat Trump in 2020.
Over 29 trips, I have campaigned in all 99 Iowa counties and spoken to thousands of Iowans about their concerns and priorities. On Sunday, I'll be speaking at the Hall of Fame Celebration.
Today we remember all those who served on D-Day, and especially those who lost their lives on those beaches. Their bravery was essential in liberating Europe from the Nazi Regime, and will never be forgotten.  
As a blue collar kid turned successful entrepreneur/public servant I am living proof that progress ; innovation is connected to the free and open debate of ideas.  Similarly, tolerance of competing views is the foundation of a liberal democracy; without it progress can't be made
 “Sometimes the point of a conversation is just to be in touch.” Check out my new article to read more about the import…
 In an interview with NowThis today, 2020 hopeful gave his first public comments on the Hyde Amendment: 'I thi…
Ro, we agree delinking healthcare from work is key ; that everyone should have healthcare - my plan does both. But I believe people should have choices ; we should not be taking away their plans. Also, data suggests Medicare doesn't pay cost.  Doesn't that lead to lower quality? 
Our campaign is about big ideas, but I need your help to share them on the debate stage. If you haven't had a chance yet donate $1 today to help me get there.
Our campaign is about big ideas, but I need your help to share them on the debate stage. If you haven't had a chance yet donate $1 today to help me get there.
Check it out here: 
It's not too late to save the planet, but we need to act now. Last month, I rolled out a comprehensive plan to reduce emissions and address climate change.   
Had a great time chatting with on  this morning! 
  Here’s why gerrymandering is so toxic to our democracy, as explained by 
This is why we need a good business man in the white house- one who has proved his merit and earned his success, not one who was born into it. 
My universal healthcare plan gives every American healthcare coverage as a right of citizenship.  Period.  It also allows people to choose to have their own private health insurance if that's what they want. That's called freedom and choice. Why are some Democrats against that???
 "I think the Democratic primary is having a debate about healthcare that's not rooted in the truth." 2020 candidate
Really enjoyed sitting down with to talk about the importance of the arts for the  2020 Campaign. Here's the full interview: 
Eid Mubarak to everyone celebrating! Wishing you a blessed day with family and friends. 
I released my comprehensive climate plan last month. It's a big plan to reduce emissions and invest in new solutions, including carbon capture and negative emissions tech. Check it out here: 
Great idea The American people want to see us lead on climate and to hear our plans in detail. Fully on board with a climate debate! 
This healthcare debate reminds me of the words JFK never delivered in Dallas: Neither the fanatics nor the faint-hearted are needed. And our duty as a party is not to our party alone, but to the Nation....Let us not quarrel amongst ourselves when our Nation's future is at stake.
  joins ; on now 
At a minimum, we have to be tolerant of different views on achieving the same goal: universal healthcare. That's why I responded to tweet with a debate offer. This isn't about slogans - people's lives are at stake. We need debates and the truth 
 We are so appreciative, for your message to  and your kind words of support! To watch all of the vide…
  Did you criticize Medicare for All at the CA Democratic primary to get a reaction out of the crowd? 
 TODAY: and will join on today's  which also includes analysis from…
So we can have a real debate, check out my detailed interview from Vox about how we create universal healthcare giving every American healthcare coverage as a right of citizenship. 
Every day that we wait to start rebuilding America, the problem gets worse. I'm done waiting. 
Another point, if you are booing Democrats, do you really expect the country to trust what you have to say if you can't listen respectfully to people in your own party? Let’s raise the discourse and not fall down to the level of the president
Just so we are all on the same page, only 10% of Americans want to eliminate private insurance. The most popular option is my approach  - give every American healthcare as a right but allows private insurance options.   
My plan provides healthcare coverage to every America as a right ; it preserves private health insurance for those want it.   Others favor Medicare For All, which makes private insurance illegal. Most Republicans favor doing nothing and eliminating the ACA.  What's your choice?
Intolerance to alternative points of view is not what the Democratic Party should be about. Don't we get enough of that from Trump?
Hey we have the same goal, universal healthcare for everyone, we just have different ways of getting there. Healthcare is the  issue for voters, so let’s debate the way forward. Any show of your choosing. Healthcare is too important for tweets, we need real discussion. 
We can’t be dedicated to slogans and must ensure that a real debate happens. Most of the Democrats in this field either don’t want to take this on or are trying to play it both ways, but I don’t think that’s responsible. 
The policies we choose will impact hundreds of millions of people. We’ve got to be able to have a robust policy debate out in the open, that’s what this primary process should be about. A few boos aren’t a big deal, making a really bad mistake on health care is.
Our goal should be everyone getting healthcare as a right. That goal is achievable. If we make the goal the elimination of private insurance (b/c some people don't like it) then we give 150 Million Americans a reason not to vote for us, we lose every election, ; Rs gut the ACA.
I have a plan for universal healthcare where everyone gets healthcare as a right. But is also allows for private insurance. 150 million Americans have private insurance and 70% of them like it. If we run on making their plans illegal - which Medicare For All does - we will lose. 
Getting ready to speak at   watch live here: 
Don't forget one of my favorite Bruce songs: Racing In The Street: "We only run for the money, got no strings attached, we shut em up and then we shut em down" 
Thanks for having me on, 
There's nothing more inspiring than meeting young, excited voters. Enjoyed speaking with at the Convention today! 
As my dad, a proud union electrician, would say: "if you care about workers, you vote for the Democrat." Let's make sure we don't address climate change on the backs of workers.  
The current health care model is out of date, and is holding people back from changing jobs, starting businesses, or going back to school. We need a universal health care system that ensures people always have coverage. 
Mitch McConnell's decision to prioritize partisan gain over positive change is unpatriotic. Here's why: 
Looking forward to speaking tomorrow at the Convention.  
Happy  We stand in solidarity with the LGBTQ+ community. Everyone deserves the chance to love whoever they choose. 
 Tune in to - is on live now!
I'll be chatting with on  at ~1:30 pm. Don't forget to tune in!
Trump's trade war has hurt our ability to compete in the global economy. We need a White House laser-focused on workers and economic growth for all. 
 Happening now - joins on 
Make no mistake about it, Dems won the House with terrific candidates who ran on solving problems, finding common ground and campaigning everywhere. These candidates flipped red Districts and they are the model for 2020. Run on solutions, not partisanship. 
 Cenk, thanks for having me and for conducting such an intelligent interview. Healthcare is the biggest issue and it deserves these types of conversations.
 It was a great conversation! If you want to hear both sides of debate between  ; mixed system this is probabl…
We can't accept this as normal, we need to take action on gun safety. We can't go on like this.
“This is the most devastating day in the history of Virginia Beach,” --Mayor Robert M. Dyer. Our hearts are with the people of Virginia Beach, especially the victims and their families in this time of grief.
  talks with live on now! 
I'll be talking to on tonight at 11:10 EST. Don't forget to tune in!
It's too late to restore the 2.6 billion gallons of ethanol already lost through waivers, and sadly, we see no sign of that changing. We must enforce the Renewable Fuel Standard. 
From tariffs to floods, America's farmers are in a crisis. Today's  announcement of year-round E15 is a step forward, but until we enforce the RFS as written, corn and ethanol producers will continue to lose out.
You won't want to miss our Comms Director ICYMI debut, where he recaps John's new climate change plan, John's trips to New Hampshire and California and more: 
The American Society of Civil Engineers gave the U.S. a D+ average on our infrastructure. I think we deserve better than that. Here's my plan to fix it: 
Good words to live by 
A responsible President  would work with Congress and hammer out comprehensive immigration reform (for which there is a bipartisan deal from 2013 already cut) and an appropriate response to the conditions in Central America to address this situation.  
It’s time for Congress to stop Trump’s trade wars and to come together in a bipartisan manner to pass comprehensive immigration reform and pass the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Just when we thought Trump couldn’t make his trade war policies and his immigration policies worse, Trump decides to lump them together into one.  We all know that Trump doesn’t understand how any of these policies actually affect working Americans.
 Don't miss presidential candidate on The Young Turks this Friday to speak with on 'The Conversat…
130 American citizens die every day from opioids. It is almost the equivalent of the number of Americans we lost in the Vietnam War per year from a loss of life perspective. We should not let a day pass without talking about this issue.
Democrats won the House back in 2018 with centrist candidates - that is a fact - and Thank God we did because we now have a check on the President and good policy makers. Let's follow that same roadmap in 2020!  
 George is a retired Ford autoworker and Shelby County Democrat who is ready to caucus for He likes that our cam…
  “If we want to beat President Trump, we need a more moderate to do it”  
 How is prepping for the June debates?  
I'll be talking to Elaine Quijano on CBSN live at 5:30 pm. Tune in live here:  
$500 per person/year and rising - that's what Trump's trade war is costing Americans. We can beat him on this but we need a plan for China, which includes joining the TPP. Candidates that didn't support TPP were basically supporting Trump's trade approach. 
Glad to see officially enter the race. The people of South Carolina are lucky to have you on their side. Proud to support you in this fight!  
ICYMI: Yesterday I announced my new infrastructure plan: 
Not every candidate is willing to go on but I am. I'll be on Martha McCallum at 7:10 talking about the DNC and my new infrastructure plan. Don't forget to tune in!
 Job Opportunity!Congressman John K. Delaney's Presidential Campaign seeks a Deputy Press Secretary based in Washington D…
We're only a month out from the first DNC debate and I can't wait to share my ideas on the big stage. If you haven't had a chance yet, help me hit 65k donors and solidify my spot on stage by donating here:
We're only a month out from the first DNC debate and I can't wait to share my ideas on the big stage. If you haven't had a chance yet, help me hit 65k donors and solidify my spot on stage by donating here:
A Delaney Administration will pass laws requiring clear disclosures running across the screen of certain doctored (or deepfake) videos.  
This is a great country and we deserve a great infrastructure to match. I have a plan to make that happen. 
Heads they win, tails we lose. Facebook keeps up an altered video of Speaker Pelosi while at the same time the DNC causes all the presidential candidates to spend money advertising on Facebook to get 130k donors!  
Trump's trade policies and approach to our allies is causing an erosion of one of the greatest economic assets we have - the long-standing belief that the Dollar must always be the world's reserve currency.  Trump has no understanding of basic US economics 
Sorry to be leaving the great state of South Carolina. Thank you to incomparable Democratic leaders Carol and Don Fowler (former DNC National Chair) for hosting us tonight. Great event and VERY nice of the terrific ⁦ to stop by. 
Is anyone actually surprised that Mitch McConnell reversed his position on this issue?  This was never about norms; it was about court packing.  
Mueller's comments have focused everyone's attention on the question of impeachment, but let's also focus on his warning on Russian interference, which is something we have not dealt with, in part because the President still largely ignores it.  
50% of the American people can't afford a $500 expense and 40% can't afford basic necessities. I suspect few of these struggling Americans are in a position to give money to political candidates and therefore they have no voice in the DNC donor debate criteria.
 Matthew 25:35-36 For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I w…
 Since when is simply saying that I trust an accomplished political leader - with A LOT more experience than anyone commenting on this matter - sucking up?  Where I come from if you think someone is right you just say it. Period. No BS.
There are no easy answers to many of our economic issues but there are simple answers, including launching a massive, job-creating, community improving infrastructure program.  
I trust on the best path forward to hold the President accountable for his abuse of power, his welcoming of Russian interference, and his actions to obstruct justice. 

As your President, I won’t walk out of an infrastructure meeting with Congressional leaders and act like a spoiled child; I will roll up my sleeves and do what my dad the electrician did his whole life, get to work and start building things – big things – again.
 No candidate has visited  and  more than What's he learned? What's surprised him most about…
This election is about bringing the country together. I believe I am the person to do that, but I also believe that the most important goal is to beat Trump. That is why I have taken the  to back whichever candidate wins the Democratic nomination. 
The BEST thing to ever happen to me was meeting my amazing wife, She has changed my life and has been a blessing to me and our four daughters.  Everyone loves you but none more than me. Happy birthday April! 
 2020 candidate John Delaney tells he was "supportive" of President Trump having discussions with North Korea,…
Bill Buckner was a great player and was treated in an awful manner for one mistake. On social media people are often cruelly attacked for making one mistake.  We are all imperfect; understanding makes the world a better place.  
 Also true
What can I say... it's a great state! 
With such limited access to medical care, the closing of a single hospital can cripple a town, and endanger lives. Stories like these are prime examples of why we need to reform rural healthcare. 
It's easy to talk about how bad Trump is - because he is that bad. But what we really need to talk about is how we forgot workers - folks like my dad.  Workers are the foundation of our country.  Honest, well paid work provides dignity and purpose.  
Thanks for having me on, 
Delaney Campaign Highlights Foreign Policy Focus 
We need to act on climate change. We need a carbon fee and dividend, transformative investments in new technology, a carbon throughway, and more. I have a comprehensive plan to get this done.
 Thank you for your support and commitment to pass gun safety laws like universal background checks and you…
 2020 Watch:  covers  in Portsmouth speaking to some 70 people at the home of Citizens Cl…
 Thanks for coming out!
"We don't want to live in a country where we agree with each other on everything but you deserve to live in a country where the things we disagree on are debated honestly and with respect and where your leaders find common ground on the things we agree on and get those done"
It's been a great weekend of barbecues, meet and greets, and parades here in New Hampshire. Thanks to all those who came out to the events! 
  is on The Young Turks this Friday to speak with on 'The Conversation.' Tune in starting at 8pm…
The fallen that we remember today came from every town and city, from every background, from every faith, and the heroism, bravery, and service of those we honor today set an example for all of us. 
Today we honor the men and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice defending the country they loved, we honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice for us, we honor those who fought to keep our nation safe and free, and we are forever in their debt.  
My climate change plan is big and bold, but I know I can get it done. Here's why: 
 Getting signs ready for Memorial Day when and will pay tribute to our veterans and service m…
 We need to take care of the environment that we live in and ultimately try to improve it. has a plan. Read…
"Much can to be done by prudence, much by conciliation, much by firmness."  Washington's words ring true for the task at hand for our next President - we need to strongly reassert our core values, use reason and skill to solve some big problems, and unify our divided nation.
It still amazing to me that a crisis of this scale - 130 AMERICANS DIE EVERY DAY FROM OPIOIDS - doesn't get more attention in our political debate. Think about what gets attention and most of it pales in comparison to this crisis.  
Read about my new $4 trillion climate change plan here:  
 attack on Speaker Pelosi is wrong and his refusal to work with Congress on infrastructure is fundamentally unpatriotic. Here's why: 
We had a great trip to Iowa this week and rolled out an exciting new climate change policy. Hear about all that and more from National Press Secretary, 
This campaign is about the big issues, about policies that will shape our country for years to come. As long as I have a voice I will continue to speak out for what's right and work to make things better. 
I'll be joining in 10 minutes! Tune in! 
Trump couldn’t beat Speaker Pelosi at the negotiating table or at the midterms so he resorted to posting fake videos. We have to bring truth back to politics.
It is incredibly irresponsible that the President would tweet a doctored video of Speaker Pelosi and shows how dirty he’s going to fight in 2020. His daily assault on our democracy is shameless and indecent.
The doctored videos of Speaker Pelosi illustrate how necessary it is for us to prepare for AI deep fake videos and similar efforts. This is why I’ve called for new Dept of Cybersecurity, new AI strategy and more disclosure on social media.
 Coming up at 10am on Live: 
 Democratic presidential candidate John Delaney releases a $4 trillion climate plan that includes a carbon tax 
 Thank you Iowa Food Cooperative and GM Ryan Marquardt for hosting on a tour of your distribution center in…
 You can check out my plan here: 
My new climate plan is big and bold and I'm excited to share it with you. 
  will make his first appearance on "The View" on June 13, his campaign says.The show has become a must stop for…
 Delaney Announces $4 Trillion Climate Plan. This is a fresh and doable climate change agenda. It gives me hope that some…
We have to act on climate and we have to act now. Failure to act threatens our prosperity, national security, food supply, and the natural world. 
 is a brilliant and highly effective leader and Speaker who has mastered every aspect of her craft. Dems should follow her lead - she knows exactly what she is doing and she will do it very well. 
April and I offer our deepest condolences to the families of the victims of the tornadoes in the midwest. Our hearts are with you and your loved ones in the face of these tragedies. 
 An audience member in Milford, IA brings up Trump's business skills -- and the audience laughs. "If he'd…
More like Trump's infrastructure weak... amiright? 
One of the best things about this campaign is getting to meet interesting people ...and sometimes even famous musicians. Stay tuned for my upcoming episode of podcast for the  2020 Campaign! 
Democrats have a responsibility to investigate the President’s improper behavior.  To hold up bipartisan action that will help the American people for your own self-interested reasons is fundamentally unpatriotic.
President Trump’s failure to reach across party lines will hurt every American town with a failing bridge, every teacher hoping for broadband internet in her rural school, and every parent in places like Flint, praying for help from Washington.
The President’s decision to not work with Democrats is just another example in the long line of temper tantrums coming from the White House. Bipartisan solutions are the only way that we can pass meaningful legislation that will improve the lives of all Americans.
I'm live on Facebook now... check it out here: 
Thank you, Harvey Milk, for your incredible leadership in the battle for LGBTQ+ rights. Today and every day we continue your fight for equality.  
 We're excited that former Congressman will be joining us at our  on July 14th!  
I was proud to see Delaney Team members, MD-6 Constituents, and my wife fighting for women's rights on the steps of the Supreme Court yesterday. You guys are an inspiration as I continue to speak out about these issues from the campaign trail.  
I’ll be live on Facebook from the big red truck around 2:30 CT today. Tag your questions with  
Over the past 2 years of my campaign I've come to know rural America for the beautiful, vibrant place that it is. These areas have been hit hard in the recent years but instead of discount them we should commit to their revitalization and allow them to reach their full potential. 
When I hear people writing off bipartisanship/finding common ground I worry they are writing off our future. Sometimes it takes courage to be responsible and the responsible thing is to work together. Why?  Because we need to get some big things done and that is how we do it.
2/2 15 minutes before it started there was a big line - about 50 deep - in the parking lot of retired IBEW electricians from dad's local waiting to pay their respects.  One of them joked: "lots of empty bar stools this afternoon."  Workers organizing is also about creating bonds
1/2 Meeting some good union workers this trip in Iowa and in one conversation I told the story of how I was reminded during my dad's funeral a few years ago that a labor union is a family and not just a contract.  It was the day of his funeral ; we had a wake/viewing beforehand.
I talked with about my national service plan, artificial intelligence, my mental health policy, and my taste in beer (yes I'm an IPA guy). 
Someone in Council Bluffs asked me if I can beat Trump. Here's the truth: I'll kick his ass.  
 Politicians gather at 2020 contender John Delaney’s townhouse to toast author Kaira Rouda 
 Thank you for standing up for women's reproductive freedom at the Iowa Capitol this afternoon. This attack…
What happened to America First?  McCarthy standing up for a Chinese firm building critical US infrastructure is a microcosm of what's wrong with Trump's China policy - he's doesn't see the real threat.  
My statement on Rep. Amash's call for Trump's impeachment:
But for a scholarship funded by my father’s union, I would not have been able to afford to attend Columbia University. I pray that every family is afforded the opportunities that I have been blessed to receive, many of those are a direct result of growing up in a union family.
My father’s union played a big part in ensuring that our family always had food in our fridge, clothes on our back, and good health care. Our union was a family and I am so grateful for their support.
As the son of a union worker, I fully support the right of McDonald’s workers to unionize. Unions create safe work environments and fight for the rights of all workers.
It's time to reinvest in  That means smooth roads, safe bridges, easy access to transportation, broadband, and more. Here's how I would do that:  
 Democratic Presidential Candidate is visiting one family’s home in Pacific Junction where they say the water was…
Well said,  
 Busy Memorial Day weekend in N.H. for presidential candidate who will make 7 stops over two days, many at…
 New on - Democrat to spend part of Memorial Day weekend on his 19th visit to NH;Presidential candidate to v…
Democratic voters are looking for new leaders with new ideas. I have the business experience, public service background, and 2020 vision to win the presidency and bring this country back together. 
 The 2020 Twenty — John Delaney 
I'll be heading to Iowa tomorrow for a busy week of meet and greets, interviews, and events. I have a plan to restore and revitalize rural America, and I am excited to share it. 
Yet again, this administration fails to fulfill its most basic task: to help and protect people. We need a president who will actually follow through on their promises and commit to solving the problems that our country faces. 
Admiral McRaven is a hero, a patriot, an incomparable leader and a tough as nails former SEAL!  Listen to what he has to say about the institutions of democracy and the risk they face. Also "make your bed!" 
We must restore logic, reason and common sense to the political and governing process. The world is about to change a lot and we need skilled and level headed people to get us through it.  Throwing raw emotion at rapid economic and societal change ends badly.
A truly extraordinary gift - giving financial freedom to graduates. But the words of his speech are valuable as well, particularly this part: "Greatness is born out of the grind. Embrace the grind.”  Success takes hard work.  
I have plans to create a new loans program to encourage entrepreneurship ; spark new investment in rural America. On Tuesday, I'll visit the areas impacted by the  that could use these loans. Take a look at my Heartland Fair Deal:  
If we put socialism on the ballot, we lose. If we put decades of Washington politics on the ballot, we lose. If we put impractical ideas on the ballot, we lose. If we put soft on China on the ballot, we lose.   We beat Trump with a moderate who people believe "gets" the economy.
 Sure, you can read about them here: 
How fantastic is this - best commencement speech ever! Robert F. Smith to pay off Morehouse grads' student debt 
Very Intreating read by  The answer is make capitalism more just and inclusive.  
 New Hampshire school cafeteria worker fired for giving food to student who couldn't pay - WHBQ! The hero is Bonnie Kimb…
I'll be on CNN tomorrow at 2 pm EST... Tune in live!
President Truman created  to pay tribute to all active duty service members. We should honor the risks and sacrifices they make for our country by being wise, conscientious, and thoughtful in how we choose to deploy their services. 
Maduro is a brutal dictator and his terrible policies have destroyed the economy of Venezuela and caused massive human suffering.  
From the Atlantic: "Speaker Nancy Pelosi reminded her party in April that Democrats regained control of the House in November with a slew of “right-down-the-middle, mainstream, hold-the-center victories.”   That is the lesson for 2020!
Politicians are elected to serve the people. That starts with talking to them in person, and listening to what they have to say. 
New York, New Hampshire, Iowa, and more... we're covering a lot of ground here on Team Delaney. Keep up to date here: 
We're not done yet. Let's get the  through the Senate. Call your senators now: (202) 224-3121
The fight for LGBTQ+ Equality continues, but today we can celebrate the passage of the  in the House. Thank you to all those who made their voice heard in the fight for this essential legislation.
 Pocahontas County, we’ll see you soon! John Delaney will speak at Flex Fitness in Pocahontas on May 23rd. RSVP here: htt…
Today and every day, we continue the fight for complete racial equality for all and make sure that every student has access to quality education. 
On this day in 1954 the Supreme Court ruled on Brown v. the Board of Education, striking down segregation in public education. This was a monumental step towards civil rights, but we still have work to do.
The new abortion laws are not only an unconstitutional restriction on female freedom, they are a blatant attempt to control women and their bodies. We will not stand for this.   
Thanks Looks like A+ work to me. 
 Congrats We're lucky to have you on board
It is clear that the Trump Administration has been one of the worst administrations for farmers, from tearing up the TPP to engaging in a ‘go it alone’ trade war. The buck stops with the President and he must be held accountable. 
Trump ran on being the best president for farmers, and in fact, he's been the worst president for them. 
Many of the same individuals that pushed America towards the destructive and costly ‘regime change’ conflict with Iraq are now beating the drums of ‘regime change’ and conflict with Iran. This behavior is reckless and irresponsible. 
 You can check out my plan here: 
 We’re excited to be in Sioux City with John Delaney and on May 22nd! Join us at Rebos on 4th Street. John…
The separation of church and state - established by our founders - is a cherished American value and the White House and certain state legislators are determined to tear it down.
Boy, I miss those days. 
Hey - my phone is blowing up over this. My campaign is about bringing the country together, real solutions and getting things done. I'm excited for the opportunity to talk about it with you and your audience. 
 2020 presidential candidate, believes his foreign policy approach significantly differs from that of
We must make sure we’re investing in research, preparing workers for the future, and developing guidelines on ethics and privacy. The current White House is focused on the past, we need to be focused on the future.
"If you’re interested in candidate who will tell you the truth... A candidate committed to listening to you. A candidate committed above all to winning back the White House, the truth is, John Delaney should be your candidate." 
In honor of  I want to take a moment to honor the men and women who gave their all protecting us. Your sacrifice will not be forgotten. 
Banning legal abortions will not stop abortions, it only stops women from having safe abortions. I will fight for women’s rights every single day and every step of the way.
These bans are unconstitutional and infringements on a woman’s right to privacy. Decisions regarding women’s reproductive health should be made by the woman and her doctor, not politicians.
The abortion bans being implemented in Alabama and Georgia are an all-out attack on women and their freedom. Plain and simple. It places control over a woman’s physical body in the hands of the state.
 I think the notion of shared prosperity and shared responsibility is the frame by which we need to think about the future. -…
I'm live now at watch it here: 
 “This is survival at this point.”American farmers are running out of patience with President Trump's trade war with China, and s…
 We consider all opportunities to talk to voters! Please contact us at inf
 We consider all opportunities to talk to voters! Please contact us at inf
Political campaigns are a test of integrity and therefore a test of the most critical attribute of a leader. Integrity is largely defined as staying true to who you are. Not doing things - or "saying" things - different than what you believe.  You must practice what you preach.
I unequivocally support the Equality Act because everyone deserves the chance to love whomever they chose without fear of backlash or discrimination. 
I went on the Ideas Festival yesterday to talk about my plan to debate Congress 4 times a year as President. The American people deserve honesty and accountability from their President, and I plan to give them that. Check it out here: 
7/7 The worker must be the center of everything we do as is the dignity of that work. Let's encourage people to work hard and reward them when they do. Simple. Not cluttered. To the point.
6/7 When we talk tax policy, let's put the earned income tax credit front and center and make that our priority.  When we talk the economy, let's talk infrastructure and building things again, because the best way to create good jobs is to rebuild our country.
5/7 When we talk climate, let's make sure we have an ambitious plan that tackles climate change but one that does not do it on the backs of workers.
4/7 Because every union in this country has fought battles to get good healthcare plans for their workers. Why do we want to be the party telling them you have to give up your healthcare in a single payor system?
3/7 Does it help them? - is the question.  So when we work to create a universal healthcare system, where everyone gets healthcare as a right, let's not limit options or private insurance. Why?
2/7 And his political message was simple: If you care about workers, vote for the democrats! Simple. Not cluttered. To the point. That message needs to become the heart and soul of our party again. Everything we advance has to be done through the lens of the worker.
1/7 Many grew up with more sophisticated political discussions around the dinner table than I did. Arguing the finer points of capitalism vs socialism or redistribution vs trickle down. It was different at my house. My dad was a union electrician. He worked with his hands.
It's time to reinvest in this country's infrastructure. I have a big and bold plan to jumpstart $1 trillion dollars in infrastructure investment. Jobs, economic growth, improved quality of life. Let's get it done.  
Really enjoyed coming back at my alma mater to speak to current students. 
 Wonderful to have Presidential Candidate, John Delaney '81 on campus today!  John enjoyed touring his alma mater, gree…
 John Delaney's spox just me sent this statement regarding Liz Warren refusing to do a town hall with Fox News: "Democra…
Young people are ready to tackle climate change head on. That's why I was excited to announce my plan to create a national Climate Corps last month   
 Breakfast keynote ⁦ presidential interviewed by    
If you're not using your town hall, I will. Democratic candidates have to campaign everywhere and talk to all voters. 
  speaks with Michelle Caruso-Cabrera at the 12th Annual State of the Market Conference presented by
 Take a walk around your neighborhood and check out the  signs!  
  told me today: “He’s a strongman he’s an autocrat. I don’t think he should be rewarded with a visit to the Ova…
 You can check out my plan to pay for it here: 
My staff tells me this is a good thing. Everyone liked Edd. They also tell me that we’re now renaming our Maryland HQ “Castle Black.”  
When it comes to trade, half our field is just like Trump: stuck in the 80s. 
Everyone talks about infrastructure, but you need a real plan to actually get it done. I want to make sure the whole country benefits from new projects. 
Another stupid Washington debate - who pays the tariffs?  Is this really what we are arguing about? A responsible President (unlike Trump) would have a coherent plan for dealing with China's pirate like activities (stealing IP, building illegal islands)  
 "You have to be able to defend your positions and to respond to open criticism," says on his debate proposal.…
 "Politicians are being very dishonest with the American people and it’s put us in the position where it’s hard to find com…
 Should the President be required to debate Congress on national television? Tune in now: presidential hopeful
Once the market gets off the sugar high of unpaid for tax cuts ; increases in spending, and realizes how bad Trump's policies are, it will vote with its feet and run for the door! As a CEO of two public companies I get this - momentum changes fast! 
Charter Schools are public schools (this point is often misunderstood) and in many places they have provided important innovation within the public schools system.  
Trump is NOT a conservative. He doesn't care about deficits and debt, he is against free trade, he wants to expand executive power and he undermines the checks and balances that are central to the constitution.  
Happy Mother's Day to my amazing, beautiful, and intelligent wife April who is just the BEST mother to our girls - Summer, Brooke, Lily and Grace - and an inspiring role model for them in every way.  We are all blessed to have you in our lives. Love you. Xoxo. 
Thanks to Hampton Democrats for a morning of pancakes and policy. Syrup and substance. Toast and… I’ll stop.   
I just wrapped up a house party at the home of Gerri and Ron King in Concord. Thank you for hosting us and for a great discussion.  
 2020 Watch: emphasizes the Democrats need "a moderate candidate" to beat "If the economy’…
I was live yesterday in Manchester NH to answer your questions on everything from education to taxes. Check it out here: 
Eleven campaign events today in NH. Guess what I'm ready for? 
 Road to the White House: in Hollis, NH – LIVE at 7pm ET on C-SPAN   
Today and every day, we honor military spouses and the sacrifices they make in service of their country.  
When service members enlist, they aren't the only ones taking on huge burdens and fighting for their country. That's why we have to make sure that they receive the support and benefits that they deserve.
Under the category of negative side effects, being connected by technology has unleashed enormous increases in human productivity and connectivity but it has also unleashed enormous partisanship and political gridlock.
A Ways and Means Committee request for information has never been denied. Whether he agrees with the merit of the request or not, Secretary Mnuchin will have to ask himself does he want to be permanently associated with lawless behavior?  
 Democratic presidential candidate John Delaney from Maryland meets with local business leaders at WBC Offices on Elm Stree…
Nelson Mandela was inaugurated today in 1994 and will be remembered as one of the most important civil rights activists the world has ever known. We need more of this in our public discourse today. 
It is clear that Donald Trump has little to no understanding of how the economy works or what the true risk from China really is. His trade war is hurting rural America and causing a rise in bankruptcies for farmers. We cannot continue down this path. 
This week with John Delaney featured a mental health policy roll out, comments on Trump's business strategy, several TV appearances, and more. Catch the details here: 
I was lucky to get the chance to meet and talk with veterans at the New Hampshire Veterans Home yesterday. It is always inspiring to hear from the brave men and women who served our country. Wishing a very happy 98th birthday to WWII vet, Wilbur! 
I have a unique bipartisan solution to break the infrastructure deadlock. 
Today in 1860, the first transcontinental railroad was completed. If we could invest in infrastructure in the 19th century, we should be able to do it today. I will make major  investments that prepare us for the future.
My Meet ; Greet in Hollis, NH will be televised live on C-SPAN at 7:00 pm Eastern today. Tune in live, or you can watch at 
Rural Americans are the ones paying the highest price for Trump's policies. Yet again we see that Trump serves only one entity: his own self interest. 
 Having some pie at the Tilt’n Diner before we head to for 7pm!    
 Hey NH, give ⁦ a listen. I’m hearing them all out but he’s got a really good plan for our nation.  ht…
My  proposal gives the American people what they want: options. Here's how I'll do it: 
Trump says, "You look at our air and our water, and it's right now at a record clean." Well, I'll admit I don't know what he was talking about. I've seen firsthand the pollution of our air/water. That's why I've proposed a  to  
Oscar Wilde once said, “Be yourself, everyone else is already taken.” I’ve always been a moderate Democrat who knows that we need to work together - in a bipartisan way - to accomplish the progressive policies we support. If you agree, join my campaign. Text "DELANEY" to 
Many hospitals in the US would close if all of their payments were at Medicare rates. How is that possibly a good idea? Politicians supporting Medicare for All are not being honest with you. As Democrats, we need to be fact-based in our thinking. 
I want everyone to have health care as a basic human right via a universal system, like the one I proposed, but Medicare for All is not the right approach. It will lower quality and reduce access. Why? Because Medicare does not pay the cost of health care.
 Today is taking time to serve the communities we’re campaigning in, stocking shelves with at t…
 RSVP here:  to join for a House Party in Franklin, Sat. May 11th, 1:30–3pm. 
 RSVP here:  to join for lunch at a House Party in Concord, Sat. May 11th, 11:30am…
 kicking off day 1 of our NH trip volunteering at The Friendly Kitchen in Concord!  
In celebration of  I promise to update our education system and prepare the generations to come for a more prosperous future. Here's how I'll do it: 
Iran is making a big mistake. They should abide by the terms of the deal. They should stop funding terror. They should stop testing ICBMs.  
John Bolton has never met an opportunity for US military intervention or war that he didn't like.  Trump should fire him.  
Most hospitals in the US would close if all of their payments were at Medicare rates.  How is that possibly a good idea?  Politicians supporting Medicare for All are not being honest with you.  As democrats we need to be fact based and liberal (open minded) in our thinking.
I want everyone to have healthcare as a basic human right via a universal system (like the one I proposed), but Medicare for All is not the right approach. It will lower quality and reduce access.  Why? Because Medicare does not pay the cost of healthcare. That is a proven fact.
 “A responsible president would bring this country together,” says 
"Raising the more than $30 trillion needed to fund Sanders’s health plan over a decade would require doubling all personal and corporate income taxes or tripling payroll taxes". And it's bad healthcare policy to top it off.  I have a much better plan.  
. is correct, Medicare for All is bad policy. As I've said, it will results in reduced access, lower quality and higher costs and trigger massive closures of rural hospitals. I have a universal healthcare plan that works.  
 I feel pretty confident in saying that no presidential candidate has planted a broader footprint in rural Iowa than 
 Does President Trump's invoking of executive privilege over the unredacted Mueller report move Congress closer to impeachment…
  tells on he's "a problem-solver by nature and our next president needs to be res…
Talking 2020 with thanks for having me! 
 Coming up on tonight,  joins to discuss his 2020 presidential bid.
I've campaigned in all 99 counties in Iowa, talked to thousands of voters, and listened to what matters to them. We need to strengthen the middle class in rural America, in urban America and in suburban America.
Here's the reality. Democrats have lost too many races to write anyone off. We have to persuade people, we have to boost turnout, we have to compete everywhere. 
"Let us not seek the Republican answer or the Democratic answer, but the right answer. Let us not seek to fix the blame for the past. Let us accept our own responsibility for the future." —John F. Kennedy
I've spent my political career fighting for better schools, higher teacher salaries, and more opportunities for our students. I have a plan for Pre K-14, increased investment in STEM programs, ; affordable college.  Read my plan: 
  is focusing on solutions not slogans. Read up on his campaign ie: healthcare, making the economy work, unity…
 Presidential candidate, John Delaney, argued the   authorities are spread too thin. The new agency would str…
 Had a great time talking with Presidential Candidate about why he believes bipartisanship isn’t dead, ite…
Proud to be at the  this morning to talk about what really matters to working families. 
Mental healthcare is an important topic anywhere in America, but especially in rural communities. Take a look at Iowa, the Reynolds' administration has given a lot of short answers to hard questions. What people really need are solutions. Here's one: Invest in 
We could have set the terms in the region with TPP. Now we're playing catchup. It's another lesson - when you put politics over the facts, the country suffers.
Everyone on the far left and the far right who undermined President Obama and the US involvement in the Trans-Pacific Partnership is to blame. By enabling Trumponomics, they had us walk away from new markets and from a huge leverage point.
American workers, farmers, and entrepreneurs are being hurt by President Trump's  But here's the hard truth about the trade fight with China: Trump isn't the only one to blame...
  just told the Machinists union conference he wants to build a CO2 pipeline to transport greenhouse gasses ca…
 “You all don’t just fight for your members. You fight for all working people.”-  
I'll be on tonight ~6:15 PM ET. Make sure to tune in.
As a former entrepreneur and CEO who was actually successful, it's tough to watch the President masquerade as a mogul. What we really need is someone who understands the economy and what we need to do to grow the middle class. 
 is even less qualified to talk about capitalism than Bernie. 
If Trump would have taken the massive inheritance he received from his dad ; simply invested it in an index fund he would be wealthier today. He is not a good businessman - he is a good promoter. He was born on 3rd base and convinced people he hit a triple 
Today, another community joined the long list of names like Columbine, Aurora, Sandy Hook, ; Parkland. We cannot allow this to continue. Our children deserve better.
Once again our nation has been visited by an unspeakable tragedy. While we continue to gather facts ; pray for the victims ; their families, we must also look inward ; ask ourselves how ; why we continue to allow gun violence to ravage our country.  
I was on with talking about the 2020 race and how hyper-partisanship has grinded us to a halt. Listen here: 
By focusing on the things we can get done—infrastructure, national service, lowering prescription drug prices, reforming our criminal justice system—we will bridge the chasm that's been growing in America and improve people's lives. Solutions not slogans.
Our campaign is about bringing the country together. It's the responsibility of the next President to unify the country and lead us toward larger policy goals through finding common ground. We need a leader that wakes up every morning focused on serving everyone, not dividing us.
I'm sure there's a civil way to figure this all out—maybe over a pint of Guinness in Rehoboth, 
America has always been a place where inspiration and innovation take precedence over division and obstruction. A place where light can expel darkness ; love can trump hate (pun intended). I'm running for president because I know America is better when we work together. 
 D for Delaney, D for Democrat, D for  with Trump. We did some arts and crafts this weekend at the offi…
 ICYMI: Leading the Nation Forum with John Delaney in Davenport last week: 
 There is a fascinating conversation with on the conservative radio show right now.  How many…
As once said, “Unions have been the only powerful ; effective voice working people have ever had in the history of this country.” I graduated from college because of the support of my dad's union. They had my back ; as president, I'll have theirs. 
We need more Responsibility: Responsible leaders who don't divide, put partisanship aside and work together to get things done. Responsible businesses who invest in their communities and support workers. Responsible citizens who vote, volunteer, and contribute to the common good.
We need more financial literacy training in high schools. For example: $20 a week (4 Starbucks) invested in the stock market over 50 years is worth $1 Million.....
It is outrageous that these devices have been listening to - and recording - your conversations. A Delaney Administration will protect the privacy of consumers.  
Thanks to President Trump's policies, profits are down and bankruptcies are up in the heartland. But if Democrats run on Trump’s trade policies too, we’ll offer voters no alternative and we’ll lose again. 
This is jaw-dropping. According to the one MILLION species are on the precipice of extinction. We're doing true damage to our planet ; we have to act. That's why I'm talking about climate change everywhere ; offering a plan to save the planet. 
Health care, making the economy work for everyone, climate change. My campaign is about ideas and solutions. Check out the policies we're running on here: 
 Several 2020 candidates were in the state over the last few days, including who took a very on brand photo in s…
Happy  We recognize the tireless work that educators across this country put into their classrooms and the possibility of a better future they inspire. We must ensure a quality education is within reach for everyone.  
Hard to understand how this is sufficiently in the public good to justify a whole town hall. First, he hands the race to Trump and now he is a Trump critic. We live in strange times..... 
The federal government needs to hold Boeing fully accountable. In addition to regulations, the Federal government provides substantial support to Boeing in many ways, including the Ex-Im bank, which facilitates a substantial portion of Boeing's sales.  
Some people look at the unfairness in our society ; think the answer is to go hard left or hard right. The common sense answer, of course, is to work together ; get things done.  But, as Emerson said, "people are always taken by surprise at any new example of common sense"
Nancy Pelosi is 100% correct - The Democratic Party must be a centrist party. That is where the American people are and that is how we win and govern. This election is not about ideology, or half baked policy ideas. It's about common sense and decency.  
Ramadan Mubarak (Happy Ramadan)! Wishing everyone who observes a blessed month. 
Wishing you all a happy and safe  with friends and family! 
Tomorrow, I will be on on Good Day NY ~8:10 AM ET, then with ~12:15 PM ET, and finally on in the 3:00 PM ET hour. Don't forget to tune in!
I joined to talk about my first 100 day agenda, examples of bipartisan bills I will support, and infrastructure. Check out a clip here: 
 putting in work yesterday cleaning up green spaces! We’re challenging other campaigns who will be in New Hampshire frequently to leave it better than they found it. 💪🏻 
So proud of my amazing wife April for being honored tonight by Georgetown University for her incredible work touching so many lives 
Congratulations on receiving the John Carroll Award this year. Every day, you inspire me to be better and give more of myself in the service of others. You deserve this! 
 2019: clearing out the trash of Precourt Park in  2020: Kicking the trash out of the White House 
  
On this May the 4th, let's take a lesson from YODA: “Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering.”  
"E pluribus unum" - out of many, one - is our national motto.  We need to recommit to it. The divisions in our country are tearing us a part; causing people to ignore the behavior of this administration or run towards socialism. Common purpose is the beating heart of our nation.
Beating Trump in the context of this strong economy requires a pro growth moderate who voters believe will be able to both maintain economic growth while also restoring decency, honor and bipartisanship to Washington.  
“These aren’t the droids you’re looking for…” While stormtroopers who patrol the Galactic Empire and R2-D2, C-3PO, ; BB-8 are light years away, we've got our own  problem. Read my plan! "Do or do not. There is no try.” 
It shouldn't require a Jedi Mind Trick to get Trump to recognize that Americans need more affordable healthcare. The force is strong in my Universal Health Care plan. See for yourself and May the 4th be with you. 
I'll be live tomorrow with on CNN's at ~8:15 AM ET and on at ~10:50 AM ET. Tune in!
As  becomes more powerful, we have to make sure it's not abused ; that programs are not biased.
Great summary by of what needs to happen now that so much of our lives are online: we need more transparency, safeguards, consumer protections on  
America is a magnificent country. We have every possible advantage any nation could want in 2019. But what we don't have is a functioning political system and leaders who actually work together to get real things done that matter to people.
  and suicide rates are a big problem facing Iowans. Check out John Delaney's plan for mental health service…
"Some names, like Jamal Khashoggi, we know. Others we don’t, but because of their sacrifices, we are a better country and a better people. We celebrate the great work of the press not just today, but every day." -National Press Secretary
"The first amendment is at the foundation of our democracy. Every day, journalists all over the world put their lives at risk to ensure that our leaders are held accountable."
A big foreign policy speech, updates on the Mueller report, and another trip to Iowa... tune in to hear the latest campaign news: 
These are very strong economic numbers. While Trump is dividing our country, degrading our democracy ; doing things to hurt us long term he is sitting on a good economy. To beat him we need a moderate candidate who can compete with him on the economy/jobs 
 An unprecedented number of staff are coming to campaign in NH - let's use that energy to make a difference locally. If you…
 Thanks for for coming to today and spending a fascinating hour talking with 75+ students and te…
The press protect the truth and the truth is our most valuable resource, particularly in today's climate. I stand with the free press and promise to protect and defend the indispensable work they do for nations everywhere.  
 “This is really impressive what you all have built here,” -- Democratic Presidential Candidate while touring
Yesterday, I announced my  plan, which is designed to increase access to mental health treatment for all Americans. 
"Love one another. As I have loved you" John 13:34
There is nothing more powerful than the power of prayer. On this  I am praying for us to lift up the weak and powerless, for our leaders to serve with integrity and honesty, and for our country to heal our divisions. Let us always remember:
 My mental health plan is part of my universal health care plan, which will be paid for by eliminating tax subsidies for employer-based health care. You can read about my health care plan ; how I plan to fund it here: 
How can we ever solve problems if we can't even acknowledge reality? My Administration will get to work on climate change on day one. 
This  we stop and remember the six million Jews who were killed during the Holocaust. We must remember what happened to ensure that it never happens again.  
As an economist, Moore has a record of errors and misstatements and he has been a spokesperson for right-wing economic ideology that is not grounded in sound economic policy. The White House should withdraw Moore’s nomination immediately.
Stephen Moore is unfit to serve on the Federal Reserve Board. His comments regarding women and people of color are intolerant and disqualifying.
 That's correct, I don't think it's the right answer at the moment.
Democrats and Republicans alike should stand up for what's right and put country over party.
True leaders take responsibility for their actions. AG Barr is not meeting that standard today, failing to show up and answer questions before elected representatives from both parties in Congress.
Different Take: China acts likes pirates – stealing intellectual property, building illegal islands in the South China Sea, and engaging in disinformation campaigns in our own country.   
 I answered this question at minute 15:24 of my FB live! Check it out here: 
 I discussed this issue at minute 8:14 of my most recent FB live! Check it out here: 
  released a plan to expand mental health coverage – a potential sleeper issue for the caucuses: 
 I discussed this issue at minute 4:32 of my most recent FB live! Check it out here: 
 "Eighty percent of our kids are in counties where the jobs that are created are not as good as the jobs that were there."…
 "I believe the 2020 race is going to be fought in the center, and you need a moderate to beat the President . . . The De…
Yesterday at Thanks for having me. 
 plan posted above!
I called for us to address China head on this week at Read my remarks here: 
I have a different take:  acts likes pirates – stealing intellectual property, building illegal islands in the South China Sea, and engaging in disinformation campaigns in our own country. We can’t ignore what’s happening. 
The cost of doing nothing in mental health is despair, depression, anxiety, addiction, and lives. Under a Delaney administration, we will act with a thoughtful but swift approach. 
The President is in violation of the Emoluments Clause, which was created to prohibit an executive branch official from accepting payments from foreign governments. This is brazen "full swamp" corruption.  
Today, I hosted a mental health policy roundtable because these issues are not being dealt with. I have a plan for a brighter, healthier future: 
We should offer incentives for doctors and other health care professionals to move to and serve rural communities as well as expand telehealth options. We need high-quality, affordable substance abuse programs, better access for veterans, and universal health care for everyone. 
Over 1/3 of students with a mental health concern drop out, the highest dropout rate of any disability group. We can change that. 
Mental health is just as important as physical health, and should be treated as such. As President, I will fight to ensure that those who struggle with these issues have access to the care and treatment they need. 
We as a nation can tackle mental health through a combination of increased investment in research, facilitation of access to resources, and a destigmation of the conversation around this issue. 
In recognition of  month, I want to take this chance to announce my plan for addressing the issue of mental health, which affects the daily lives of hundreds of thousands of Americans. 
Mental health is just as important as physical health, and should be treated as such. In rural communities, access to care is often limited. That’s why we need a national plan to address this issue, and ensure no one struggles to get the help they need. 
AG Barr should do his job and testify in front of the House.  
A real hero. God Bless him and may he Rest In Peace.  
 Thanks for heading out to Big River's ethanol plant in West Burlington, Rural communities have had a tough…
We are far past due for equal rights for men and women. I fully support the ERA, and am grateful to the strong leaders who are fighting for this essential legislation. 
 Great conversation with farmers and employees at the plant. Was very impressive   
Here in W. Burlington w/ The  has been good for the nation ; IA. We need to be doing more to boost  not less. The Trump Admin’s misguided approach on waivers is hurting IA. Along with what they’ve done on trade, it’s a double whammy. 
 . and ⁦⁦Patty Judge are in West Burlington this afternoon, touring a local ethanol plant.  
 are being hit hard by tariffs and flooding. Trump's EPA made it even worse by stripping out demand corn and ethanol. We're at Iowa's Resources Ethanol Facility with to explore how to protect biofuels for rural farmers. 
 In Ottumwa, is asked if Iowa is still critical for nomination. "I believe in campaigning everywhere." 
Congratulations the first African American woman to be unanimously elected as Speaker of the Maryland House of Delegates. History making day for Maryland! 
I stand firm in support of Juan Guaidó and the Venezuelan people as they fight to take back their democracy.  
This year's theme is  illustrators. Let's celebrate these creatives who have helped expand the American imagination, and all Jewish Americans that have shaped American life and culture. 
May is  which is especially important this year given the recent resurgence of anti-semitism we've seen in the U.S.  we must stand up to hate. 
 We're excited to be in Ottumwa!  "As President, I promise that I will always tell you the truth. I believe you deserve t…
  students ask "What is your message to student voters?" A: "My message to student voters is…
May is  Asian Americans enrich life in the U.S. and are a vital part of the diverse tapestry that makes this nation strong and vibrant.    
 First in the nation in New Hampshire, and is first on the doorsteps in beautiful Hollis, inviting folks to
 Tonight:  forum with presidential candidate U.S. Rep. John Delaney. SAU does not endorse any politica…
 "There's a very big parity issue between mental and physical health. And the discrepancies among reimbursements is appal…
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this senseless tragedy in Charlotte. It is long past time that we take real measures to save innocent lives. 
 DMs are open!
We now have confirmation that Mueller - like any normal person who has now compared Barr's letter to the Mueller report - believes that Barr tried to "spin" the story to benefit Trump and otherwise obfuscate the true findings of the report.  
 Thinking of our friends ; team members in Davenport. Please be cautious ; thank you to all of the first responders. Safe…
“As a great nation, we must be a responsible nation. As leaders, we have a responsibility to tell the truth. To lead. To find common ground. To tackle problems and to engage in the world.” 
"The Price of Greatness is Responsibility" - speaking live at 
 You can read about my policy ideas here:  We are consistently expanding!
 We’re excited John Delaney will be in Davenport tomorrow for Leading the Nation Forum at St. Ambrose! Thank you
I'll be going live on Facebook at 4:30 today to talk about my vision for America's role in the world. . . . Tune in then!
My only frustration in the campaign is that I have the best plan to create universal healthcare (it's fully paid for) ; it should be the Dem plan. I spent my career in healthcare ; know how it works. The single payer plan is bad policy and will not work.  
I'm gonna be on the road in Iowa tomorrow. Post the questions you want to hear me answer in the comments! Don't forget  
The American people want their leaders to address the problems that matter to them - like high drug prices, underperforming schools, limited job opportunities, low pay, lack of healthcare, high housing costs -  and they want them addressed with real solutions, not vague promises.
Very well said   (who has an amazing life story). The genius of a America is that we let capitalism do its magic (innovate ; create jobs) while moderating it w/strong social programs.  Let's get back to that! 
 This morning, 2020 presidential candidate and former Rep. joined Live with to discuss what he’s le…
The American people want to stop the noise. They want their leaders to stop fighting and to start getting things done. Thanks for having me Read more about my plan in the link in the video. 
We need leaders who will tell the truth. 
I've always believed incentives matter. The DNC's decision to require 65k donors incentivizes the party to focus on the things that excite social media/digital fundraising (impeachment, electoral college, etc) but don't matter to general election voters.  
 talking with on now! 
 Tune in to on is joining and will be talking all things 2020 at 9:25am ET.
"The lesson from history is that inventions and innovations have typically been more than offset by employment gains." Fears of their being no jobs in the future is massively exaggerated. What we do need is a bigger EITC and better job training  
As someone who has actually done thousands of business deals, I know a bad deal maker when I see one and you can see Trump coming from a mile away! 
Senator Lugar was a great man and he left a lasting impact on our country and the world. He was a public servant, a patriot, a leader and a deeply good person who had the courage to always do what was right. Our prayers are with him and his amazing family.
We have to be honest with the American people about our problems and the solutions. That's why I'm running. 
 April 30: Join us for a conversation on a Democratic Vision for Defending our Country and Resuming U.S. Leadership in a Tu…
 Every year,  thousands of people lose their lives while working on the job. We join in solidarity with the Labor movemen…
Happy Easter to those in the Orthodox community celebrating today!
Just finished a podcast on entrepreneurship, which is one of the most important things for our future. Entrepreneurs create jobs, solve problem ; innovate.  I did that with my 2 startups, which became successful public companies ; job creating machines, ; will do it as President.
We must stand up to antisemitism and hate. Yesterday we saw another attack on a synagogue, this time in Poway, CA. Tragic to see a shooting targeting people in their house of worship. 
While and his administration continue their assault on the First Amendment with calls to boycott the WH Correspondents Dinner, I will continue to speak with the press about our plans to bring our country together and focus on the future.
All day long I will put my record as a job creating, successful entrepreneur against Trump's record of leaving a string bankruptcies behind his "great deals."  And that is exactly what we need to beat him in the context of a strong US economy.  
Excited for  this weekend but sad it's ending.  As a kid I was a big Thor fan (a good test for POTUS is can you lift his hammer!). I'm waiting for Galactus to emerge....
Remember, never bet against the American people. While we face a significant threat to the norms in our society, we have dealt with bigger issues in the past  - The Civil War ; WWII to name just two. We just need to restore decency to the WH ; get government working again.
Despite the fact that many Americans still struggle, the economy is in good shape. (And I'm happy about that). But it sends a message that we are not beating Trump in 2020 if socialism is on the ballot or if we have a candidate who doesn't get the economy! 
I went on to chat about our campaign and how we make the economy work for everyone. 
 April 30: Join us for a conversation on a Democratic Vision for Defending our Country and Resuming U.S. Leadership in a Tu…
We shouldn't pay them a dime, obviously. Who cares what they signed to get him out, what matters is we didn't pay it, that he was able to come home, but also what they did to him. 
Big week this week. Check out what happened: 
My  call is not about stopping the President from communicating anything, even policies/ideas I disagree with. It's about sending a message that a President should not be divisive. A President should remind the American people that united we stand, divided we fall.
The anti-vaccine movement has endured because everyone else was vaccinated. As a result there was no risk if a handful of people didn't vaccinate because everyone else did. But as it's grown the danger of it is clear. Vaccines work, are safe and are critical to public health.
 What happens when the federal government forces average Americans to have a lower retirement? I believe in the free marekt - it works!
8/8 But across time, if we would have invested the Social Security Trust fund assets better, we could now be in a position of increasing social security benefits.  It's another example of the average American getting a bad deal.
7/8 Just to be clear, I'm not for privatizing social security. Your social security benefits should not go down because the stock marekt went down.
6/8 Making matters worse, when after the recession we cut interest rates. This made the stock market go up and the rate on the social security trust fund go down.
5/8 Thing about it this way. Rich people invest their savings in retirement accounts in the stock market. Most Americans, who don't have excess savings, only have social security, which is invested in Treasuries The stock market goes up faster than returns on Treasuries.
4/8 In many ways the largest asset each average American owns is their right to social security, which they create by paying into with their wages. It's a great program but doesn't it seem unfair that we don't invest these contributions for a higher rate of return?
3/8 But we don't do that. We invest them at Treasury Bond rates. The data is overwhelmingly clear, if you invest in the market you earn much higher rates across the long term then if you invest in Treasury Bonds
2/8 The returns on these assets effect the overall solvency of social security. The lower the returns, the more pressure on the program. If this were a pension fund, the managers of the fund would invest these assets in the market to ensure higher long term returns.
1/8 To elaborate on my prior post. Social Security should not be privatized but we should do the right thing for the beneficiaries. Currently the Social Security Trust Fund has $2.8 Billion of assets all invested at treasury bond yields.
This is a scandal. I am NOT for privatizing social security but the notion that we don't invest the trust fund assets in the market - and instead invest at treasury bond rates - fundamentally hurts average Americans.  
The threat posed by ISIS is not over; we must remain strong ; determined in our fight against radical terror groups. Despite the hard fought victories against ISIS in Syria ; Iraq by our amazing military ; partners, this is an enduring threat. 
 "I think this president wakes up every day and thinks about how to divide us and he uses Twitter do it. So if you want…
 asked about his campaign to unfollow Trump on Twitter, says this: "I think a president should spend ever…
  on now. Tune in! 
Tune in! 
Facebook generates $20 Billion of annual cash flow, so it can afford a big fine. But the U.S. citizens  - and their privacy - can't afford to allow these giant social media firms to operate largely unregulated.  
Buffett is right, increasing the Earned Income Tax Credit is the single best thing we can do to help working families, which is why I'm calling for a massive expansion of it.  
 Great idea, folks.  I agree... unfollow the man.  I'm still blocked by him.  Have been for a very long time. 
 Hey Count us in.   
Whatever insecurities the President has about  in our  he needs to get over them. Nothing short of the  and  of our country is at stake. 
Hey Looks like we have June’s playlist all figured out. 
Companies with low security standards have been allowed to create a system where anyone with an internet connection can potentially spy on our kids at home. 
The cycle of anger in politics starts with politicians being dishonest. They run on unworkable or highly divisive proposals. Once elected they can't (fortunately) accomplish them but they also - because they are partisans - accomplish nothing. People feel betrayed and get angry.
Unless we get the Federal Government working again with leaders that work together, find common ground and solve problems then the future of the country will be largely shaped by non federal governmental forces.
Couldn’t agree more, Welcome to the race!
“I believe history will look back on 4 years of this president and all he embraces as an aberrant moment in time. But if we give Donald Trump 8 years in the White House, he will forever and fundamentally alter the character of this nation, who we are. . .”
We've had enough of bullying and lies. Help Team Delaney take away his voice by unfollowing him on Twitter now.  
The President clearly cares more about his Twitter followers than the American people. His continued dishonesty and weaponization of social media has been divisive. I am calling on all Americans to  and hit him where it actually hurts him... his ego. 
 Presidential hopeful John Delaney wants you to unfollow Trump on Twitter  
 Meet Susan Wolf Osvald from Audubon County! She has  for John Delaney! Thank you for the support, Susan!…
 John Delaney supports Bipartisanship and that's what’s going to win the presidential race. Lynn said it best, ‘Don’t twe…
The President clearly cares more about his Twitter followers than the American people. His continued dishonesty and weaponization of social media has been divisive. I am calling on all Americans to  and hit him where it actually hurts him... his ego. 
  Press Sec “If the President isn’t concerned with the continued threats posed by Russian hac…
In my business career, I often found that by simply reframing the problem, I could see the solution more clearly. We cannot unwaveringly continue to view our problems through the same lens. This will leave communities and people behind. Thanks 
4/4 This is the lesson for 2020 as the U.S. is a giant purple District: We will win the White House with a candidate that can win the center and win moderates. Turnout will be high on both sides - the party that wins the center wins the WH.
3/4 But the other lesson from 2018 is that Democratic candidates flipped ~40 "purple" Districts. The candidates that won these Districts were problem solvers. They ran on solutions, finding common ground and were more moderate. They won the center and they won the moderates.
2/4 The lesson that we should take from this is that with hard work we will have record turnout again in 2020, no matter which one of our many candidates we nominate. But Trump will turn out his voters as well. Likely in record numbers.
1/4 We ran an amazing group of diverse candidates in the 2018 midterm - representing every ideological point of view - and in nearly every congressional district across the country we had record turnout.  All candidates turned out voters.
Welcome to the Democratic Party! While we don't always agree with each other on every policy solution (who wants to live in a country where we agree with each other on everything) we agree on the need for decency in politics.  
 "A moderate Democrat is the best person to beat Trump by far."In an interview w/ presidential candidate
 Thank you, Heidi Carter, former chair of for your kind words and for sharing your views of
  is running his campaign the old-fashioned way with a focus on hard work, determination and bringing people…
 With so many candidates running for president who will you choose? Hear from the candidates on why they deserve your vote…
There are forces of good at work everywhere. Open yourself up to the possibility of sharing some humanity.  
 Good news is we agree the current system is broken and that everyone should have healthcare as right (it's a human right and we can clearly afford it). I wish the Dem party would have a debate or forum just in healthcare. It's the most important domestic issue.
I stand with against voter suppression. Every American deserves the  and efforts to deprive young people of that ability don't live up to our democratic values. We need to fight against voter suppression and ensure that ALL citizens have a voice. 
   
As the only Dem to have campaigned in all 99 counties in IA, or receive endorsements from IA Dem Party County Chairs, I know that I have the strong foundation to succeed. We're campaigning everywhere ; talking about economic opportunity, responsibility ; getting things done. 
 Today we don't have organized universal converge, but we do have a law that says ERs need to treat everyone. As a result, lots of uncompensated care in ERs inflate other prices, which is an example of how stupid our system is. Low rates and uncompensated care raise other rates.
 Medicaid reimburses 80% of costs, Medicare 95% ; private insurance 115%. I worry a single gov't payor will never pay enough ; that would cause wide spread closures of healthcare facilities. I agree costs are too high and we need universal coverage but IMO a mixed model is better.
 You should check out my plan for rural healthcare (and universal healthcare generally). Achieves the same goals but a much better approach than Medicare for all. I spent a good part of my career helping rural hospitals.
We also need a carbon tax.  As the price of the carbon tax rises, the NET subsidy will decrease down to zero as the cost of carbon capture becomes cheaper than the carbon tax. Once costs come down, we can sell this technology around the world to help other countries do their part
I will end the approximately $5 billion in fossil fuel subsidies annually and use that funding to promote NET through a reverse auction program in which companies that can capture and store atmospheric carbon for the lowest cost get first access to government subsidies.
I propose a new climate subsidy that would jump start the market for Negative Emissions Technology and bring down the cost the same way it did for wind and solar.
We have to start using reason. This NYT article outlines a reason Medicare for All is bad policy; it will result in a reduction in access/quality. I have a plan to ensure every American gets healthcare as a right ; will improve quality. The details matter. 
New Technology + Carbon Tax/ Dividend = Solution to Climate Change
Investments in negative emissions technology ; zero-emissions technology, including projects like the Allam Cycle natural gas facility that opened in Houston last year, will help us “crack the code” on climate change and make substantial changes right now.
In many ways the most responsible and courageous thing to do as a politician is to pursue bi-partisan solutions.  It is responsible because it is the only way to get things done to help people and it is courageous because it goes against the powerful forces of partisanship.
On  we should focus on building a broad coalition around addressing  That's the surest way to get anything done.  
I put together the only bipartisan approach to extending the solvency of Social Security because it is so important to millions of Americans.   We must act on this soon or future retirees will pay a very big price for our inaction.  
 We have another Commit to  Goer. Meet Carl Brush who supports "because he sounds the most logical…
 On this  I’m very proud of the  carbon tax bill my husband  sponsored, which could b…
My  plan guarantees coverage, does not eliminate the private market, ; gives the American people options. 
Eliminating private  ; forcing  to accept  reimbursement rates would cost hospitals billions ; hurt rural towns by cutting a significant portion of their revenues ; force many to close down. 
We need  but I don't think the Senate "Medicare for All" bill is the right approach or good policy.
Entrepreneurship creates jobs and economic freedom, taps into our desire for self-expression and creativity, and acts as a change agent to build a better society. That's why I plan to create an Entrepreneurship Czar as president. 
Investing in direct air capture technology and other NET practices, such as carbon mineralization, will propel the U.S. to be the global leader in finding new ways to combat global warming.
This, combined with a  and dividend, is the answer to 
In my administration, we will help create a market for negative emission technologies, including Direct Air Capture Technology (DAC). These are machines and methods that extract  from the atmosphere and pump it back into the earth.
We must make our country the world’s leader in negative emissions technology. This combined with my  and dividend plan will get us to net-zero emissions by 2050. 
 No plans as of right now but that could change quickly! Sign up for our newsletter to stay up-to-date: 
 I believe  is a human right—I just don't believe the Medicare for All pathway is the best way to accomplish it. You can read about my plan here: 
 Hi Joseph! You can read a little bit about them here: 
We must act on  It is in our economic, environmental, and national security interest. It is one of the defining challenges of the next century and if we fail, the next generation will pay a very big price. 
This is the point I've been making everywhere - Medicare For All is bad policy, it would result in lower quality care and more limited access. It would devastate rural healthcare.  
 Sorry, JD, I was about to comment on your field of dreams post (one of my favorite movies and I went to visit the field a few weeks ago) but it was sent before I finished typing.
When voters learn that this Democrat is a successful businessman, from a working class family, with a strong family and faith, who strongly supports our military AND has real plans to solve problems that can get bipartisan support then there won't be many votes left for Trump.

Next stop, Jurassic Park  
 It was a tweet saying I ordered his book!
Just ordered  new book (I'm a huge fan), which sounds exactly what we need right now: a prescription for moving beyond a culture of hyper individualism and towards purpose centered inter-dependence that is bigger than any of us.  
As more details emerge from this evil act of unspeakable terror - targeting Christian worshippers on Easter - the scale of this tragedy is almost hard to comprehend.  We stand with the Sri Lankan people and pray for the victims and their families.  
With a clear understanding of where the world is going and some common sense changes to tax, regulatory and education policy we can make capitalism more just and inclusive. It just takes leadership.  
We pray for the victims of these horrible attacks in Sri Lanka; an unspeakable act of violence against innocent people celebrating in worship.  
The sun rises during Easter Mass on the beach while we sing "He Lives" 
"He is not here, He has risen, just as He said" - from the Gospel of Matthew.  Happy Easter and God Bless you.
Policy matters. France's climate policy hurt workers (unlike my climate plan). It was bad policy ; a lesson to the U.S. regarding climate. As a result, the yellow vest movement was born (which is now wrongly protesting donors funding Notre Dame repair) 
With my whole family tonight. Couldn't be happier! 
 New story on shows rural communities' interest in moderate views. As one Iowa Falls voter t…
Perfect evening. 
 Twenty years ago today, two teens shot and killed 12 students and one teacher and injured two dozen more at Columbine High…
 We are so happy Mary and Pat stopped by our Des Moines office today to pledge to caucus for Pat told us, "…
 After a great event with the now we're enjoying this beautiful day at Thank you
My campaign is focused on the future. That’s why I’m calling for a National AI Strategy to make sure that technology creates jobs and improves our lives, instead of doing the opposite. 
We are putting in the work because we know that America deserves better. Help us keep fighting for a better future by chipping in today - 
 Our interview with presidential candidate !  Can a pro-business moderate get the nominati…
 is running for  We asked this Democratic contender about why he thinks there's room for a true…
 Citing the need to better protect the  domain, former Maryland Rep. has announced his plans to stand up a De…
It is shameful that for all the resources we have in this country, we still don't have universal health care. My plan gives everyone access to health care as a right, while preserving options for people who want private insurance. 
National press secretary is here to catch you up on all the news of the week. Check it out here: 
I may not be the candidate with the highest name ID, but I make up for it with persistence and substantive policies that will improve the lives of all Americans. I'm committed to earning your support. You deserve so much better than the status quo. 
Combatting Russian interference in our elections should be a bi-partisan issue. Trump tried to thwart the investigation into it, which is terrible, but both parties are responsible for the conditions that allowed it to happen and we have to work together to fix it.
Wishing everyone celebrating a Happy Passover. Chag Sameach!
4/4 creating a society where everyone has opportunity but people realize they have to work hard to take advatage of it is responsible.
3/4 For our country, having every citizen try to contribute to society is responsible; working hard in school and your job is responsible; realizing that life, family and work take commitment is responsible; and
2/4 trying to unify the country is responsible; focusing on the future and finding common ground to solve real problems is responsible; and focusing on real solutions (not unrealistic proposals) is responsible.
1/4 One of the reasons I'm focusing on "Responsibility" is that it's one of the things sorely missing from our leadership and our country. For our leadership, being "bipartisan" is responsible; focusing on alliances, trade and building the world order is responsible;
"Opportunity and Responsibility" is the overarching theme of our campaign. Creating "Opportunity" for all Americans but also reminding them that each of us has a "Responsibility" for our own lives and for our country.
From the Gospel of Luke: He [one of the thieves being crucified with Jesus] said, “Jesus, remember me when you come into your kingdom.” He replied, “Truly, I tell you, today you will be with me in Paradise.” - on this Holy Day of Good Friday, may we be filled with hope and mercy
I am happy to be celebrating this Easter weekend with my family. Wishing a blessed Good Friday to all! 
The President has been manufacturing a threat at the border, while ignoring the very real threat of Russian interference in our elections.  The American people deserve better.
If the President didn’t obstruct justice, it wasn’t for lack of trying. People loyal to him repeatedly refused to follow his orders to violate the law. Most of those people are now gone. We all should be gravely concerned.
4/4 Imagine a foreign warship parked off our shores and a President ignoring it? This to me is a central conclusion from the last two years and we should never lose sight of this. The truth is we need a President who always puts the security of our nation first. No matter what.
3/4 With the noise surrounding the report we should not lose sight of this: The integrity of our elections were threatened by a foreign power - all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies confirmed this. For his own self interest, the President tried to act like this didn't happen.
2/4 The findings of the Mueller Report confirm the fact that Trump tried to limit, or even thwart, an investigation into these activities, and in doing so put the election security of the United States of America at risk.
1/4 The origin of the Mueller investigation was the existence of extensive Russian interference in the 2016 election, which remains one of the most consequential events in the history of American election integrity.
The one conclusion that every American should reach from the Mueller report is that we are better than this. We deserve a President free on conflicts, conducting themselves with honor and integrity, and possessing a moral compass that guides their actions. We have to win in 2020.
My good friend, the great former governor of VA  is a patriot, a singular force in the Party, and (importantly) a wonderful family man and good person.  No matter what he does, he will make a positive and disproportionate difference 
Starting the day by with the Pope's Holy Thursday homily- "May the Father renew deep within us the Spirit of holiness; may he grant that we be one in imploring his mercy for the people entrusted to our care and for all the world "
Unfortunately, even in 2019, hate speech is alive and well. We must stand together as Americans and condemn disgusting attacks on our friends in the LGBTQ community. Way to stay on message and handle that nonsense 
Health care is a rightUniversal plan from birthKeep private options
Bipartisan BillsImmigration, climate changeWe can’t wait to act
Broken politicsEnd gerrymandering nowProtect voting rights
Drug costs are too highNeed global price fairness taxGov negotiates
OpportunityEach kid deserves a real shotPreK through 14
Regions hollowed outNeed to invest everywherePublic and private
AI disrupts jobsNeed national strategyFocus on Workers
National serviceBring our country togetherSkills training and growth
To fight climate change Negative Emissions TechAnd a carbon tax
Haiku thread comingToo few words for policyHere goes anyways...
Our campaign is about real solutions to real problems. That's why I'm focusing on on meeting people, listening to their concerns, and talking about my new ideas to bring the country together. 
Excited to be a part of this group, and looking forward to speaking at the event! 
We are totally unprepared for the next wave of technological innovation and if we do nothing, working people are going to pay the price. We need a National AI Strategy to ensure a prosperous, just, and secure future. 
 2020 Democratic presidential candidate makes his pitch to voters. Watch our one-on-one interview with the fo…
Securing our cyber-infrastructure is not only a national security priority, it is an economic one. In light of the many recent and continued cyberattacks on our country, we need to establish a cabinet-level agency to focus on protecting our cyberspace. 
Opportunity and Responsibility go hand in hand. We have to create the conditions that enable real opportunity for everyone. But we also have to inspire people to engage responsibly in their lives and for their country.
One of the reasons I'm for national service is that it creates both opportunity for young people and it instills responsibility. If we want our democracy to work we have to create both opportunity and responsibility.
 "I want to lay out my plan for creating universal health care, where everyone has health care as a right. I think it's a b…
 ICYMI- on his national service plan and the shrinking middle on our political discourse. 
Wouldn't it be more productive if instead of the mindless speculation about the Mueller report due out THURSDAY (that's right less than 48 hours) we instead focused on the opioid  crisis, childhood hunger, cyber threats, cost of pharmaceuticals etc etc etc
Really feeling the love today! Thanks everyone. 
Politics should not be about winning arguments, it should be about winning ideas. It should not be about dividing us, it should be a way for us to sort out our differences and find common ground. It should not be entertainment, it should be serious work to build a better future
 Last stop- pancakes in Deerfield wrapping up a great 17th trip to NH. Coming back soon to a living room nea…
Currently, our cybersecurity efforts are spread across multiple agencies, but by creating a new department we can centralize our mission, focus our goals and efforts, and create accountability. 
We need to establish a cabinet-level agency to focus on protecting our cyberspace, similar to what we did after the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, when we established the Department of Homeland Security to protect the homeland.
The obvious is not always so clear to many.  The lesson for 2020 is found in the 2018 midterms. Dems flipped 40 "purple" House seats with more moderate candidates that ran on solving problems, not more division. The U.S. is a "purple" country.
 talking to about the student debt crisis— we love coming to NH schools to talk about what’s impor…
 Have you ever heard what a town hall in New Hampshire with a presidential candidate sounds like? Well tonight you can o…
 We agree: "We can’t sit idly by while the middle falls out of American agriculture."   
It's absolutely devastating to watch Notre Dame burn in real time. America's hearts are with France. 
Yesterday I rolled out my  policy, which will encourage young people to spend a year giving back to their country, gaining valuable experience, and meeting people from different backgrounds. We need to restore a sense of common purpose:  
Predictions are worth what you pay for them but IMO to beat Trump the nominee must be viewed as good for the economy, capture the center with moderate/unifying new ideas, restore decency to politics ; tell a better story about what we can be.  
I joined on to talk about my progressive priorities AND how I'll fund them. Doubling the  essentially a worker's tax credit, will help workers across this country in a big way. 
 We’ve signed baseballs, eggs, but the fridge at the The  campaign trail is full of surprises. 
 Wrapping up the day with a Laconia meet and greet featuring and this amazing wood-burning stove - welcome to…
 Thank you for coming to Laconia. Means a lot that people are taking time to visit our city.  
The  fully embodies the strength and resiliency of the human spirit. The mental and physical toughness required to overcome all kinds of adversity is something to be honored time and time again. Today, we remember those who were lost in 2013. 
I'm deeply saddened to hear of the loss of life in the tornadoes ripping through the South and the East. Please keep them in your thoughts and hold your loved ones close. 
 It was great moderating a town hall featuring 2020 Democratic presidential candidate today in Nashua, New…
My plan gives young people new options and new ways to serve: in community service efforts, in infrastructure apprenticeships, and in the ClimateCorps. 
The Climate Corps will help address one of our most pressing issues and will give people a pathway to high-paying jobs. Here are the basics of the plan. You can watch my remarks on the policy proposal here:  
 Hi Greg, thank you for considering donating! We believe campaigns are about people, which is why we aren't taking any PAC money.
My  plan will offer young people the option to participate in traditional military or community service, as well as create new infrastructure apprenticeships and a Climate Corps. 
I am rolling out my  plan in New Hampshire today because all young people should be given the tools and opportunity to succeed. Added bonus: giving back to your country.  
 Starting the day with pancakes with the Bedford Dems! Catch us next at The Flight Center in Nashua @ 2p!  
The problem with the American economy is not jobs, but pay.  Unemployment is low, but most jobs don't pay enough. We need to increase wages and expand the earned income tax credit. An expanded EITC will help working people more than anything else. Simple. Effective. Smart policy.
The home health care industry tells the story of the American economy. Plenty of jobs but they don't pay enough. Need higher min wage and expanded EITC. Most of home care is paid by government programs, which don't pay enough (warning for single payor!) 
SIMPLEST way to make our economy work for workers/families: Double the Earned Income Tax Credit, create Universal PreK, expand Early Childhood, cut student loans rates, make Community College/Technical Training part of public education. Pay for this by raising capital gains rate.
Happy Birthday to the third President of the United States, Thomas Jefferson. He was a leader who believed strongly in the freedom of speech and religion, and who fought against oppression. 
Yup. If we get behind bad policies and the majority of the American people don't want, we will lose.   This a center left or center right country. That's where a governing coalition resides. Going too far left is not a formula for winning or governing.  
We have to decide what is the point of our politics. Is it to enable us to debate ideas, find common ground and make progress that improves the prosperity, dignity, freedom ; safety of our citizens or is it to amplify our differences ; entertain us? 
 We’re excited to catch up with fmr Congressman (L'88) at  📖 The 2020 preside…
3/3 everyone gets healthcare as a right, it delinks healthcare from your job (which leads to more economic mobility) and its fully paid for/budget neutral. Smart policy matters.  We can fix all of our problems, but we do need good ideas to do it.
2/3 This plan is FULLY PAID FOR by eliminating the corporate deductibility of healthcare.  Its better than Medicare For All because it gives people options (which they want), it allows for a mixed model of gov't ; private insurance (this creates higher quality and better access),
1/3 My universal healthcare plan in brief: Leave Medicare alone. Give everyone else a basic government plan as a right. Allow people to opt out of the gov't plan and they would get a tax credit to use buy their own insurance. Or, they can buy a supplemental to have more options.
Every year 1 in 5 kids in our country will go hungry, 1.2 Million kids will drop out of high school and over 70,000 will die from an overdose. I wish these were discussed as much as walls, emails, and random celebrity bad behavior.
The problem with our politics is it's all about emotion and not enough about reason. "Closed" vs "Open" borders is a cry to people's emotions. Reforming our immigration system (like the 2013 bill) so we have smart immigration policy and "Controlled" borders is about reason.
Let me clear, I think every American should have healthcare as a right.  My Universal Health Care Plan makes that happen. It is fully paid for and it is based on smart policy. The Medicare For All Bill is bad policy, which is why I don't support that approach. Policy matters.
 Watch live at 7PM ET on 
Between announcing the Heartland Fair Deal and our Commitment to Black America, it has been a busy few weeks of policy rollouts here with John. Tune in now for a breakdown from our National Press Secretary 
A  plan that teaches skills, brings people from different backgrounds together, ; helps solve some of our biggest problems would be a great thing for the US. This Sunday, I'm announcing my national service plan in New Hampshire.  
Today is  where we acknowledge the all too common silencing of  students. We can help break this cycle by recognizing that everyone should be able to learn in a safe, welcoming and affirming environment.
Using human beings, including children, as pawns in a politically motivated border crisis is wrong ; makes clear the President's real agenda - sowing division.   Let's pass comprehensive immigration reform ; address the border ; immigration policy properly 
Our Catholic faith is incredibly important to our family and informs our values but I also believe strongly in the separation of church and state. People of all faiths, or of no faith, should work in partnership with government, business and civil society to build a better world.
It is one of the fundamental and systemic injustices we have in society today. Education is a great equalizer but it continues to be funded unequally. I have a proposal to change that.  
 The former congressman from the state next door Maryland, is running for the United State President 2020 - wit…
On combating  and creating  it's important to not only have the right goals, but also the right plans to make them a reality. Thanks, 
We have to reverse this trend by investing in the communities that, for so long, have created what the rest of America depends on. Everyone should have access to health care and supporting rural health is a big part of my Heartland Fair Deal. 
 is our biggest economic threat, and we need to compete with them in their backyard.  President Trump's trade policies show he doesn't understand what the main economic and foreign policy challenges are in this country. Thanks for having me 
 Highlight: “My plan is really to fix the Affordable Care Act first because that’s what we should be doing,” former Maryla…
“Journalists are free to publish information that they receive but they are not free to participate in obtaining information illegally." 
We've had organizers, interns, and volunteers in every part of this state knocking on doors, making calls, and listening to Iowans' stories for months. It's all about the ground game.   
Mimi wishes all the good boys and girls out there a happy   
 Hey friends in the Nashua, New Hampshire area: I hope you come out Sunday to the Town Hall Im moderating featuring 2020…
 has been to Jefferson, Perry, Rockwell City, Madrid, Churdan, Jamaica.  I don't know of any Democratic Pr…
Pretty sure people were not aware of this. Just another reason why I am calling for national privacy legislation.  
Our campaign is doing it the old-fashioned way. Showing up, taking all questions, putting in the work on the ground. As this report from put it, no one has campaigned in NH more.  
 Hosts ; were joined by 2020 presidential candidate were they discussed Trump, hi…
 Thank you for putting  front and center, and sharing your thoughts on  
 Awesome work  Indivisible, and Grassroots West Side Dems for a pancake breakfast and park…
 "I am a health economist and my goal was to help steer public conversation toward real, collaborative solutions." Thank…
The American people want a leader who can get something done. I believe I am the right person for the job, who can bring people together and find common purpose. 
Interacting with real people creates positive energy that comes from real relationships. This sustains us as people.  Interacting with a device or an on-line community does the opposite and can lead to anger and despair.  This is why I pushed for the NIH to study tech addiction.
"I have a common sense plan that covers every single citizen but still maintains a private marketplace. It is the best plan to ensure the health of our nation." 
I am a problem solver who is determined to find real solutions to important problems. In my first year as President, I plan to get a   bill passed that will be essential in fighting  
 No one campaigns in NH like and campaign in NH.    
4/4 Focus our energy (and anger) towards solving problems - not at each other. As Lincoln advised: appeal to our better angels.  That takes real strength and real courage.
3/4 Politics should be about your future, your kid's future and making the world better.  If we only make it all about how bad our opponents and other people are then we fundamentally fail that test.  Politics is sick right now, let us break the fever.
2/4 We all sometimes and unfortunately get sucked into the politics of negativity (we are human after all), and while I will always stand up to bad behavior and for what is right, I promise not to engage in the politics of negativity for the sake of attacking people.
1/4 The American people deserve their elected officials to deliver a strong, positive and optimistic vision for the future based on new ideas and solving problems,  That is what my campaign is about and we have tried to stay true to that on this campaign.
 Check out how we propose paying for this plan here: 
This technology needs to be part of our national climate change agenda and as president I will increase investment in negative emissions technology. 
Climate change can feel like an immense problem but let's not forget, there are real, attainable solutions within our grasp. Negative emissions technology can actually pull CO2 out of the atmosphere.
 I sure am! You can check out recent news from my campaign here: 
 Thanks for coming out, Carrie. I hope I'll see you next time I'm in Dubuque.
 Highlight from conversation with for On The Move 
There is no evidence to suggest that vaccines have negative side effects. There is overwhelming evidence that the diseases that the vaccines target can lead to ravaging and devastating outbreaks and that vaccines work.  
"There is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come"  - The 2020 race must be a battle of new ideas to move our country forward.
This piece of good reporting is a reminder why we need a strong and independent regulatory framework. The lack of oversight on the 737 Max rollout is pretty shocking.  
I know we can't stop talking about the Mueller report, but having a real conversation about Negative Emission Technologies is a lot more important to the future we leave our kids.  
It's important to speak to everyone when you're running for the highest office in America. Great to be on the to talk about my presidential campaign.  
I went on this morning to talk about   and why I'm the one to beat  in 2020. Watch the full interview here:
 Coming up at 2pm ET on  with  a running for president. Also…
We have seen an increase in highly partisan, uncompromising politics in the last several decades. We have also seen a decrease in the passing of real legislation to improve people's lives. Those two are related. Moderation leads to progress. Hyper-partisanship leads to nothing.
Sorry, twitter. "It also helps explain why recent polls show that a majority of Democrats would rather see the party become more moderate than move leftward" 
 Watch Live on 
 COMING UP: 2020 Democratic presidential contender live on at 11:20 a.m. ET. 
If comprehensive immigration reform would have passed in 2013 we would not be talking about the border, immigration etc. THE COST OF DOING NOTHING IS NOT NOTHING!
 2020 Watch-NEW:  learns to headline ⁦ first ‘Breakfast with the Candidates…
 “politics has failed the American people, because the real story of this country in the last 20-30 years is really simple,…
Thanks for having me 
You can't improve the lives of Americans on promises alone—you need to have an actionable plan to get big things done, including how you'll pay for it. Thanks for chatting with me 
In addition to campaigning for universal health care as a right, I've introduced a comprehensive plan to lower drug prices by taxing companies that charge US patients more than the international average. 
We need a real solution to lower drug prices in this country. This is absolutely essential. 
"The talk is all about who just raised the most money, who is on the left and the right, who’s in ; who’s out. Delaney is talking about serious stuff with an understanding of markets, technology ;, increasingly, of what afflicts Iowa." 
 Behind the scenes of interview with and 
If you really want to dig into the problems of economic inequality, how we got here and some good ideas as to how we get out, read this.  
Ok. My administration will draw the line. NO standing seats on US airplanes! The airlines have already reduced economy class to as small as possible. We have to draw the line somewhere! 
The fact that Secretary Nielsen can no longer be an effective messenger for the White House shows just how out of touch and cruel the President’s immigration policies are. Congress should do its due diligence and properly vet the next DHS Secretary.
Speaker Busch was an extraordinary Maryland leader and a great American.  He was a deeply good human being who led with integrity and grace. April and I extend our sympathies and prayers to the Busch family.  
Presidents, using Executive Authority, and the Supreme Court are doing the job Congress is supposed to do. Our broken Congress is empowering the other two branches of government. Congress must start working on a bipartisan basis and legislating!
Obama is right. We have to become the party of what I like call "pragmatic idealism" - stand for big things but be practical and find common ground to make them happen.  
The law requires federal elected officials to file cumbersome but vague financial disclosure forms. It would not cost the taxpayers anything to pass a law requiring the same officials to attach their tax returns. Simple ; we would never have to talk about this again!
The Congress should pass a bill requiring all federal elected officials to disclose their tax returns. Period.
While it may not seem like the biggest policy issue in the world, my Administration will end all these ridiculous robocalls.  How incredibly annoying are they. We need an FCC that does its job!
Thanks for having me to talk about my presidential campaign. 
It was a pleasure to speak with on about some of the biggest problems facing our country. Check out the full interview here:  
Thank you for giving me a great platform to unfold my Commitment to Black America. Nothing happens unless you decide to invest in people and communities. That's what I want to do. 
 Donald Trump's attempt to hasten climate change will go down in history as the most willfully stupid act of leadership since…
Expanding the EITC, universal PreK, carbon pricing, fixing immigration, technical training/community college, infrastructure, fixing ACA, early childhood education. These are some of the things that would really help people ; can get done right away with the right President
The next generation will pay a  big price for our failure to solve significant problems, all of which require us working together to make progress on. The question we need to ask leaders is: do you stand for the politics of progress or do you stand for uncompromising ideology?
 
Basically Chernobyl.  
There's so much about our current system that is inherently socially and racially unjust from our education to criminal justice systems. I've made a Commitment to Black America to address these issues. 
 So far, has made more than 3x as many NH stops than any other potential 2020 presidential contender, with 1…
 Thank you for talking about public school funding being tied to property taxes.  It’s hurt children in rural…
I believe in the politics of progress, a radical notion that the men and women privileged to serve the American people should work together, putting the needs of our nation ahead of partisan concerns ; personal triumphs, collaborating to make real progress against our challenges.
 WATCH: Democratic presidential candidate joins and to discuss his run and his views on the…
The House of Representatives should pass a bill saying that every member of Congress and the President and Vice President should release their tax returns upon being elected as an exhibit to the required financial discourse forms. Simple.
I'm fighting for a better future that all our kids deserve—one where we recognize our common ground and get things done. Thanks for having me 
 I just released my Heartland Fair Deal that will address many issues that farmers face, as well as lift up rural communities across the country. You can read more about it here: 
 Coming up on  from
There is been a strong call for young people to engage in society and in politics so they help the world. This I TOTALLY support. But I also tell them not to forget about their own personal development and their own "pursuit of happiness." Life is not all politics.
One of the most unfair things about our  is people who work for a living often pay a higher tax rate than those who make all their money from investments. This has to change. 
While we have 24 x 7 political coverage that doesn't mean all of life is politics (and it shouldnt be!). There is community, friends, relationships, hobbies, activities, health, fellowship, charity, nature, work, creative endeavors, and - most importantly - family, faith and love
 “Not-so-fun fact: 80% of VC funds went to just 50 counties in the US, of the 3000+ total that exist. As your President, I will…
Loneliness among young people is reaching epidemic level and many attribute this to social media, which also drives isolation, anxiety and anger in addictive ways. My (voluntary) national service program for young people will help in this area.
 Shoutout to  for joining with  to write letters of support for the ACA and to e…
 (On what he would do in his first day in office) "When I'm sworn in I'm going to say, 'I represent all of you. Even those…
 (On healing America) "You've got to be honest about the problems, but you've also gotta be honest about the solutions."…
A good friend suggested the following swag for the campaign  after I was ranked the 2020 candidate who believed most in capitalism. Good seller perhaps? 
Per report: "A solid majority of respondents said social-media services do more to divide Americans than bring them together". IMO these services also contribute to loneliness, anxiety and depression.  
This is why I'm campaigning on creating an Infrastructure Bank and expanding the Highway Trust Fund. 
This country's  is failing us as citizens, to the point of costing lives. We begin  now, before the system falls further into disrepair, and endangers more people.
 NEW on - to unveil youth national service plan during packed 17th campaign visit to NH, April 14-16; More on…
 is an integral part of our  portfolio and for 70 years has been an essential alliance promoting shared values. Despite the President's efforts to undermine it, there is bipartisan and international support for NATO and its mission. 
ICYMI, here's our campaign week in review. ✔️ Released the Heartland Fair Deal✔️ Criticized Trump's threats to close the border✔️ Addressed the National Action Network Conference✔️ Announced our Commitment to Black America 
 John Delaney's 'Commitment to Black America' Includes Help for HBCUs and Beefed Up Police Oversigh -
 (Taking action to heal America) "The cost of doing nothing, is not nohting" - on s…
 "The shadow of slavery still impacts today heavy. We have to solve the opportunity question" -
 Congratulations to on announcing her run for re-election! Joyce has fought tirelessly for Manchester's sch…
 "He knows what he is talking about. He understands business and economics — rural America has seen a massive capital flo…
It was a pleasure to sit down with of Stay tuned for our discussion. 
 Coming up on the show -  2020 Candidate, businessman ; Former Representative for M…
Dr. King had a dream ; vision for this country that was unparalleled. The movement he ; many other brave pioneers started was for decency, equality, and justice—things we need much more of today. Please join me in remembering the great legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. 
"I promise to work every day to give whatever gifts God’s given me, and whatever power I have as President, to ensure that every single American, regardless of the circumstances of their birth, or the color of their skin, has the same opportunities I had." 
“The 1st thing I promise is to listen, learn, and engage with your community. The 2nd thing I promise to do as your President is to never let a decision about domestic economic policy in the USA be made without your voices being in the room.” 
"I swear to never lie to you. I can never understand or fully comprehend what it means to be black in the United States of America. And I certainly don’t pretend to understand what it means to be black in the era of Trump.” 
 MD Rep John Delaney speaking during his plenary session this morning at  He is a declared 2020 Presidential cand…
 John Delaney says, “I’m running for President because I believe in the power of opportunity. I believe if you invest in p…
 EXCLUSIVE: Presidential candidate 'commitment to Black America' includes help for HBCUs and beefed up police ov…
I'm live now at Network convention. Watch here: 
 Today we commemorate one of the world’s strongest  advocates. We must focus on the future and keep the mes…
We need to close the racial wealth gap, the education gap, the health care gap. My Commitment to Black America is to fight every day for a more just America.
We need to make sure that the American Dream is available to everyone. Millions of African Americans haven’t received a fair shot and have had to face an economic and criminal justice system that is unjust, unfair and often racist. 
I'm speaking at 10 AM at Convention. Tune in.   
 enjoyed the conversation with “I think a President has to step forward and not act like ha…
How do you deal with Trump? Simple... You stand strong in the face of his aggression, and you call him out on his lies. 
 Last year, 80% of new startup capital went to less than 2% of all U.S. counties. believes it's time to inve…
People invested in me to get me where I am today and then I made it my life's work to invest in others as an entrepreneur, as a Congressman, and now hopefully, as the next President. A big part of that means investing in those communities that have been left behind. 
 What to do about Venezuela, whether to scrap the Electoral College, how to fix American health care, and why any sane person wou…
 Thank you for recognizing the importance of rural child care access
Closing our southern border is a political stunt that will have a devastating impact on our own economy. 
  calls President Trump's plan to close the southern border a 'political stunt.' Full statement below. 
51 years ago today,  gave this speech at Mason Temple in Memphis, Tennessee. Today, we honor his legacy by continuing the fight for  and  on both a personal and political level. 
 Ten years ago today, Iowa became the 3rd state to recognize marriage equality. Thank you to everyone who fought then ; t…
 I'm interviewing today. If you have something specific and, ideally, policy-minded that I should ask him, please sh…
I promise the American people the truth, for a change. If we aren't honest about our problems, there's no way we can arrive at the solutions.    
 Spring has sprung ;  is ready to get outside and on the doors. Only 307 days until the  
If Trump wanted to help rural America now he would reenter the TPP.
We have to start thinking about politics differently and until we do that nothing will change. We have to start valuing what gets done, not what gets said. The point of government is to do thing to help people, not use it as a platform for talking points or entertainment.
 Our candidate said it at the  on Saturday - privatization has been a disaster for Iowans and need…
 Thanks Amy!
 is the day that represents how far women must work into the year to catch up to what their male counterparts earned the previous year. We need equal pay for equal work now. [source:  
It's shameful the Republican-controlled Congress allowed the Act to expire on 12/21/18. Congress must pass a reauthorization that maintains current protections for survivors.   
It's Sexual Assault Awareness ; Prevention Month ; way past time for Congress to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act.  
 We were thrilled that could stop by the Governor’s Conference yesterday. Thank you
  says the Green New Deal is "not the best way forward."  
 It was great to have in town yesterday. She ran into new Executive Director Ever…
Thanks for having me on the show. Appreciated the opportunity to speak with + about bringing the US together, universal health care ; getting the chance to brag about my wife's work. Check out the full episode here: 
 Such a refreshing, casual and fun interview with a  Good luck with your race, John! 
 🎧 Pro Rata Podcast interview with 2020 presidential candidate 10 minutes to get you smarter, faster.h…
 🎧 Presidential candidate joins us to discuss the ACA, border security, and his vision for leading the cou…
 "I think a President should take an oath to swear to never divide the American people. I think a President has to step…
  warns Democrats on court packing: GOP will do the same when they're in power.  
Thank a veteran, a member of our military, a teacher, a member of law enforcement, a first responder, or anyone else engaged in a job oriented towards serving the common good.
 My ma met presidential candidate  and called me afterwards to gush about how impressed she was  
Men and women deserve equal pay for equal work, period. The pay gap continues to cost women $840 billion per year. We need a leader committed to ensuring fairness and equal pay.  
As I've traveled around this country, and listened to voters, they want elected leaders to focus on their job, their pay, their healthcare, their kid's education, opportunities for their kids and national security. They want solutions to the issues that matter to them!
We look for villains in our politics when we should be looking for solutions. I believe in the politics of progress, which involves working together to get things done.
The 2020 election should be as much about decency, honesty and functioning politics as it is about policy.  Our next president needs to have big new ideas but they also have to be honest, moral and have a plan to get things done.
 We've got 2020 presidential candidate on the Pro Rata Podcast later today. What would you like to know?
This is sad ; a problem for our democracy. Local papers are central to a community and focus residents on things that really matter to them. Absent local papers people are left with social media (not journalism) and national media, which focuses on DC.  
Nothing happens unless someone invests. We need real policies that encourage people to invest in other people, in communities and in businesses.
  says, "This is a big deal. We finally have a bipartisan bill in the House that puts a price on carbo…
 Thank you for having us at the Governor's Conference today! All Iowa students deserve safe schools.
Sexual assault is all too common and for too long we swept it under the rug. We need to stand with survivors and do more to prevent sexual assault and violence. 
The Trump administration’s failure to properly vet staff security clearances is just another example of the incompetence of the White House. 
I'm not afraid to go on Fox News. I went on this weekend to talk about what we need to do to secure our southern border. Our  system is broken and to fix it, we need to get at the root causes. 
If a drug costs $100 in the US but only an average of $40 in similarly developed nations, the pharmaceutical co. would owe a tax equal to the difference of $60. The point of this tax is to lower costs in the US and raise them in other parts of the world. 
My plan is designed to specifically address the huge discrepancies in drug prices and the much higher prices paid by American patients. Humira, for example, costs an average of $822 in Switzerland and $2,669 in the United States. 
The American people are paying too much for  period. This is a major  and  issue and we have an obligation to act.  companies allow citizens of other wealthy nations to free ride on the backs of US citizens.
"That's why I'm running for president. I want to be the person that brings this terribly divided nation back together." 
"Give justice to the weak and the fatherless; maintain the right of the afflicted and the destitute. Rescue the weak and the needy" Something to think about from Psalm 82
I am very sorry to have missed the event today, but I want to take this opportunity to reaffirm my commitment to ensuring equal rights for everyone, across the country. You can read more about my LGBTQ policy initiatives here:  
The Governor's Conference does incredibly important work in preventing bullying and harassment of LGBTQ students, as well as creating leadership opportunities for them to explore.  
The US went from a collection of small farms ; villages 200+ years ago to a $20+ Trillion economy full of innovation and prosperity. Our economic engine saved the world in WW2 ; created the largest middle class. Our model works - we should not throw it out - we should improve it
Trump-style nationalism is the wrong answer to any question we could ask ourselves and it is not reflective of our ideals, counterproductive to our economic and security interests, and ultimately not patriotic. 
A great event yesterday 
Capitalism is one of the things that made this country great and it will continue to make it great but we need to make it benefit more people. The job of the next President is to make capitalism more just and inclusive.
Packed house today at Merge a terrific incubator in Iowa City. As a former entrepreneur and self described "compassionate capitalist" it was a great location to have a meet and greet. 
Talking issues and eating a delicious pork tenderloin sandwich at the world famous Hamburg Inn in Iowa City! 
Our students must be prepared for the jobs of the future. We need free universal pre-K and community college, as well as a new approach that emphasizes skills like the model here: 
It would be better with the corn, but the original Field of Dreams from the movie is still pretty darn special. As a builder by nature, I'm always a believer in "build it and they will come." 
Great office opening in Dubuque Iowa. Packed house and great discussion about healthcare, national service, social justice, and serving for the right reason! Anytime I get to talk about my amazing wife April, my family, and my roots in working class Jersey is also a bonus. 
Many brave Trans Americans live openly ; authentically but many more remain in the shadows. We need a leader who supports ; empowers the trans community; not ignores ; disenfranchises them.Please join me in celebrating International Transgender Day of Visibility. 
I recently had the chance to discuss the opioid crisis with community leaders for HOPE. We all can learn from their stories: 
To be honest, changing the Electoral College requires a constitutional amendment and will likely never happen and it DEFINITELY will never happen by 2020.   Talking about it sends a message to rural America that we don't value their vote.  I say we try to win rural America!
Rural America sends young people off into our military at a rate twice as high as other parts of the country. Rural Americans are deeply patriotic.
If we (Dems) make this election about throwing out the entire economic model of the country we will lose. If we make this election about solving real problems facing hardworking Americans, building a better future for their kids ; restoring honesty to our politics, we will win.
Finishing up my 26th trip to Iowa today with our 7th and 8th office opening. This trip focused on rural Iowa/rural America, an area that the Democratic Party has forgotten about. I'm committed to changing that.  My agenda is centered on hard working families.
It's important for the Democratic Party to remember that we have to put the needs of the hard working middle class families front and center in our agenda. If we are not fighting for them, we are not doing our job.
A few days ago someone called me a "Compassionate Capitalist" - I like the ring of that.
Listening to Dylan's Knockin' On Heaven's Door and remembering how great a song it is.
Starting the day in Cedar Falls Iowa in dad's pickup. This songs starts most basketball games - makes us feel like we should be running out on the court! 
Just left Iowa Falls and I’m going live on Facebook to talk about my plan for rural America.  
 One more stop for the day in Iowa Falls - here talking with locals about pharmaceutical costs  ht…
"For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in, I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me...." A good reminder from the Gospel of Mathew.
Great to run into to my pal Tim Ryan at the  in Storm Lake Iowa. 
Thank you to and the for hosting me at the   
  says Iowa shouldn’t have privatized Medicare. He proposes universal health care that has a basic governmen…
  making a STRONG case for early childhood education - “It’s the best investment we make” as a country. So true.…
 Someone asked former congressman what change he would make to immigration laws to make it easier for people t…
50 counties in this country get 80% of the venture capital money. We’re becoming a country of birthright, not opportunity.  
  is first to bring up infrastructure investment in rural America.  
The way we fund public education is fundamentally unfair. I think every kid should have a quality education. We should have Pre-K-14 as a right.  
Comprehensive immigration reform will be a part of my First 100 Day Agenda  
  gets big applause for criticizing the medicaid privatization. "It was a bad decision...that hurt the citi…
 Have to say comes out comfortable, relaxed and smart. Talks about his family union background, and his app…
 at the  capital is flowing out of rural America; we must reverse those trends.
Rockwell City square may have been quiet this morning but Calhoun County voters came ready with questions on our debt, the electoral college, and how we repair our alliances around the world after this presidency is over.  
It was great seeing and the  Democrats at their Central Committee meeting this morning. Thanks for having me.  
Tune in at 2PM Central Time to hear about by exciting Heartland New Deal that will improve the lives of all citizens of rural America. 
Barr says he's releasing report in 2 weeks. Can we stop talking about it for now and instead talk about lowering drug prices, fixing healthcare, building infrastructure, confronting addiction crisis ; investing in rural America like my Heartland  New Deal 
 Saying no to the Green New Deal.  Democratic presidential candidate says market-based solutions should be used…
  on the socialist label being thrown at the 2020 Dem field: 
ICYMI: Earlier today I announced a 23-point plan to help rural America. Check out the Heartland Fair Deal here: 
 Sen. Bernie Sanders has called for the elimination of private health insurance. Democratic presidential candidate
 2020 Presidential candidate says Attorney General William Barr should release the full Mueller report – but th…
 Democratic presidential candidate joins “WSJ at Large” to talk about the Mueller report, the Green New Deal, a…
 Immigration, criminal justice, infrastructure, privacy, and national service among the topics discussed by at the…
 Nothing gets accomplished unless we have a president that works every day to bring the people together.
 makes a ‘can do’ pitch to the  audience about a rich list of policy issues. ‘We need a common purp…
The  has changed millions of lives across America in a positive way. We need to build and expand upon its successes, not rip it down. 
 leads a town hall meeting on the campus of   
 hasn’t kept his promises to the Heartland. wants to help people move to rural America, start a bu…
Read about my new plan here: 
Everyone deserves an equal shot at a good job and steady income no matter where they live. Today I'm announcing my Heartland Fair Deal plan to revitalize rural America by stimulating economic growth, improving infrastructure, prioritizing rural health, and supporting agriculture.
 Presidential candidate released the "Heartland Fair Deal" ahead of his next trip to Iowa. 
Things get pretty hectic on the campaign trail, but don't worry! Starting today, we will be giving a weekly roundup of big events from the last week and key upcoming dates, so you don't miss anything TOO important. Check out National Press Secretary message here 
Great team dinner in NH. I just cast the deciding vote on "No" pineapple on pizza. Not even a close call. 
Spoke with of the at the famous about growing economic disparities in rural America, why the N.H. primary matters, and the opioid round table I hosted earlier today.  
Our  is fundamentally  Right now people who are making massive amounts of money off investments are being taxed at a much lower rate than people who earn their money working. We have to change this. 
We should be proud and excited to live in a country where disagreement is not only allowed but encouraged. The battle of ideas is what makes this country free but we have to remember we are all striving toward a common goal. 
It's 2019. Americans shouldn't have to choose between the  they need and putting food on the table. We must elect leaders who will stop talking about fixing the problem and actually do something. 
  voter tells he doesn’t think “nice guys” can beat Here’s his response. 
We need to stem the flow of  into communities and make sure patients have access to alternative pain management, and my campaign is focused on addressing this crisis. Thank you for having me.
I appreciated the opportunity to hear from community leaders ; experts today at HOPE for New Hampshire Recovery about the opioid epidemic, which has ravaged this country. 
 If I could bottle this woman’s excitement level we would all look at our world more positively. Anita works in  wit…
 is back in NH! After some great interviews this morning we stopped in Hope for NH Recovery for a tour and a…
 In Hooksett speaks to  voters at the Roots Cafe in Robie’s Country Store (a legendary NH primary stop) 
 2020 WATCH tells some of his Democratic nomination rivals are too extreme-"they’re…
Because of the  millions of people have  coverage.  Trump's plan to repeal it would be a disaster for the country and that's why it's so important we fight back.  
I had a great convo with this morning about universal  making our  system fairer, and the Mueller report. Check it out here: 
We need to end the stigma around mental health and make sure that those who are suffering know that they are not alone.
As a country, we have to do so much more to treat  Last year, I introduced  legislation, the Suicide Prevention Analytics Act, to give medical professionals access to more real-time data so that they can help those at risk of self-harm.
 W A T C H for President 
 4. No clip for this one, but here’s fielding a faith question in his CNN town hall. 
 Live on The Exchange: says some of his opponents for the Democratic nomination for President have a governme…
This chart says all you need to know about Trump's ability to follow through on his promises. [source:  
The roadmap for the White House 2020 was written by the Democratic House members that flipped Republican seats. By and large they were moderates, they focused on solutions, they did not embrace unworkable (or unpaid for) polices and they didn't talk about Trump.
 “I want every young person in this country to have an opportunity to serve our country,” 2020 candidate says. “No…
 What is healthcare plan? “I want a conversation with the American people about creating universal healthcare.…
  explains why the American people need to see the Mueller report  
For too long, opportunity in this country has been concentrated in just a few areas. Join me on Saturday at ~2 PM CT to hear about my vision for the future. 
Everyone should have  as a right. It's good policy and also smart economics.  
Public service is about serving the interests of Americans, not big interest groups and corporations.     
 has become a heavily partisan and politicized issue, but let’s not forget to take a step back and consider all of the positive things that the  has done for this country, and all of the people it has helped. 
Trump's insistence on taking  away from Americans challenges not only our morals ; ethical convictions but our entire system. The administration can't pick ; choose which laws it wants to defend. Share if you believe health care is a right. 
If women ; men do the same job, they should get the same pay. That’s why I support the  Act. RETWEET if you do too! 
 WATCH: spoke with after a DOJ official reports a Mueller report release within weeks 
I was a very good entrepreneur because I always lived by the motto that "strategy is easy and execution is really hard."  The same is true with governing. It is easy to say you want to do big things (don't we all!) but what is really hard is showing how you can get them done.
Our Presidential campaign is funded entirely by individual donors and investments my wife and I make in our effort to serve the public. No corporate PAC money is funding the Delaney for President Campaign.
Good advice from President Obama. We need big ideas, but we also have to tell the American people how we are going to pay for them. Or they can never become reality.  
"If you take a few minutes to listen to him, you will instantly get that he has given the issues facing our nation a great deal of thought, and he'll challenge you to consider approaches to these issues that we aren’t hearing." Thanks, 
 We're opening our eighth -- 8th! -- campaign office in Iowa this Sunday, in Davenport with John will talk…
The outrageous prices of pharmaceutical drugs in this country prevent people from getting the medical treatment they need, or leave them massively in debt. This issue needs to be resolved now. That’s why I have a plan to fix it. Read my proposal here:  
 The  is a necessary conversation. has called for Democratic renewal in rural communities, an…
 2020 Watch-New: Ahead of his trip to NH on Thursday, Democratic presidential candidate and former Maryland congressman…
I support the idea that the  industry needs a strong profit incentive to continue to invest in the R;D of innovative new treatments. But US patients should not continue to subsidize those costs for the benefit of citizens in other developed, wealthy countries.
Americans are paying too much for  period. This is a major  and economic issue, and we have an obligation to act. The drug companies allow the citizens of other wealthy nations to free ride on the backs of US citizens. 
The results of the Mueller Investigation + a reasonably good economy means we need a centrist who can go toe-to toe with Trump on jobs.  As a blue collar kid who went on to found two NYSE companies and then serve in Congress, I've got that resume.
Instead of continuing to attack the ACA, the American people deserve a White House that is actually committed to improving the ACA and establishing coverage for all. This White House has never laid out a plan to improve people’s health care. 
This Administration has consistently acted to undermine the basic health care security of the American people and this latest legal maneuvering is another example of their cruel policies. Real people will suffer if this legal fantasy became a reality. 
This is the reason I've got a plan for negative emissions technology (or direct air capture). We will not be able to stop global warming unless we advance the technologies and machines that take carbon out of the atmosphere.  
 Rockwell City, here we come! will speak in Calhoun County this Saturday. We'll be in the Wellness Room of t…
I believe in capitalism. We need free markets combined with strong social programs and appropriate regulations. According to this breakdown from Yahoo Finance, I'm the strongest capitalist in the field. 
 We're opening a campaign office in Dubuque is this Sunday! Join us to hear message and his ideas for the…
What the country needs in its next leader and what the Democratic Party needs in its nominee are the same thing: a person that can unite us, find common ground, restore decency to politics ; get things done. Time to turn the page on partisanship and get on with problem solving.
The Mueller investigation is over and the report should be made public. Period. Time to focus on what the Democratic Party can do for the American people. Now more than ever, our nominee must be a problem solver that can bring the country together around some new ideas.
We need a new national service program to bring the country together. 
If you or someone you know may be at risk of suicide, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline 1-800-273-8255 or send a text to 741741
These are tragedies that no Americans should have to face, yet every year we hear similar stories. We need stronger gun laws that make our schools safe and a more robust mental health system to offer the help and support survivors need.
My family and I are keeping the Marjory Stoneman Douglas survivors and Parkland families in our thoughts and prayers as more precious lives have been claimed following last year's horrific school shooting.
Will miss being at AIPAC today; always attended when I was in Congress ; look forward to speaking next year as a 2020 candidate. Israel is under unfair attack with the BDS movement ; other efforts to undermine its legitimacy. Dems should stand w/ Israel ; against antisemitism 
Obstruction was obviously a "close call" - another reasons we need to see the report.
Not releasing the report sends a message to Russia that there will not be full transparency with the American people as it relates to their efforts to interfere with our election.
The fact that the AG Barr - the highest ranking law enforcement official in the country - stated that after a full investigation the President could not be exonerated from obstructing justice is chilling and demands that the full details of the Report be released.
The voice and will of the American people were influenced by a foreign adversary - the American people deserve to see the full report. Period.
 Community radio and locally-driven news sources are vital. sat down with Cal Halliburton of KHOI FM, an Ame…
 Not quite a floor routine 
Here is your challenge - 10 deadlifts with 225lbs. 
My friend Jason challenged me to do 10 proper pull ups. Here you go. Easy! Good start to the morning. 
Right now your tax dollars are subsidizing fossil fuels, making climate change worse. Read my plan to end those subsidies and invest instead in negative emissions technologies that can actually take carbon out of the atmosphere.
The Mueller investigation is over, we need to see the report, but we also have to start tackling the issues that really matter to the day-to-day lives of the American people.  Our job is to be problem solvers not pundits.
Mueller did all the hard work. Barr simply has to send a message to: "The American People" distribution list and attach "The Mueller Report" as a PDF attachment.
I want people to start a business, volunteer in their community, create a job, help someone, support a cause, or give back anyway they can. We all need to step up and serve in a REAL and tangible way at this moment in time.
Quick interview with local press before I speak to about 100 good folks Twin Falls, Idaho.  Dems have to campaign everywhere. We are going to all 50 states. 
The Mueller Report should be made public, the American people should know what Mr. Mueller found, they should pass judgment on its findings, and our elected officials should listen to the American people.
  on his comments about Trump lacking basic decency, engaging in lawless behavior, and using violence-inciting rheto…
We need a White House that follows the facts on climate change and wants to solve the problem instead of ignoring it. We need to 1) implement a carbon tax and 2) invest in negative emissions technology. 
Help me get on the debate stage by donating just $1 today. I will donate $2 to one of eleven charities that you chose from!
This week I went on Bloomberg to discuss the economy, taxes and my plan for universal health care. Check out the full clip here: 
In Congress, I was proud to vote dozens of times to defend the ACA. Happy Birthday Obamacare! 
In 2010, President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law. The ACA is one of the most consequential pieces of legislation in our history, leading to millions of Americans having health care coverage, including people with preexisting conditions.
My national service program works by having HS grads sign up for military or community service or infrastructure (rebuilding parks etc) service. They get assigned a location and are provided housing and a stipend. They get either a skills certificate or grants for college at end.
A year of national service - doing military or community service or rebuilding our parks - is exactly what we need. It would unify our nation, help young people get skills, create pathways for more affordable education, and provide mixing by ideology and geography for nextgen.
We all should agree that a year of national service for our high school graduates would be good for our country. That's why I'm the person running for President on this issue. It won't be mandatory but it will be so exciting that everyone will want to do it.
While our attention shifts to the full release of the Mueller Report, we should thank Mr. Mueller, for his work as special counsel and his service to our country. He is a decorated former Marine, dedicated public servant and has conducted his work with dignity and without leaks.
You, the American people, paid for the Mueller Report and you, the American people, deserve to see it. Make your voices heard!
The patriotic action for the Attorney General is to release the entire Mueller Report to the American people. We paid for it and this moment requires transparency.  
Delaney Statement on Trump’s Decision to Reverse North Korea Sanctions: 
I am continually inspired by this new generation who stand up and fight for what they believe in. At 12, Greta Thunberg has already become a global leader in the fight against climate change. We should all be inspired by her eloquence and determination in the face of this crisis.
If you've heard about the exciting new Negative Emissions Technology that pulls CO2 from the atmosphere, you’re probably wondering why nobody's discussing it. But that changes today. I’m not only talking about it, I’m ready to invest. Read my plan here: 
Elected officials shouldn't be choosing their constituents. Constituents should be choosing their elected officials. It's really pretty simple. That's why I authored legislation to end congressional gerrymandering. 
Memo to President Trump: There are at least two things Wite-Out doesn't work on: computer screens and the Constitution. 
 yes indeed and here is our conversation with check out:- his great plan for a new national service program…
2020 will be an old fashioned persuasion election. The winner of the center will win the Presidency.  Trump will turn out his supporters and Dems will turn out in big numbers because we will be organized and motivated to beat Trump. Win the center, win the White House.
Rather than focus on changing Electoral College (VERY hard to change and 100% likely to be the way the 2020 winner is picked), let's focus on a candidate and a platform that can win independents (FASTEST growing party) and thereby win in 2020. Common sense 
 In praise of — a politician with ideasThe three-term Democratic lawmaker running for president deserves co…
"Delaney may not be the loudest person in the room, but he says he wouldn’t hesitate to punch back if he’s given the opportunity to run against Trump."  
ICYMI: In praise of John Delaney — a politician with ideas 
Delaney statement on Midwest flooding: 
We're going live with at 10 AM ET. Tune in here: 
This is a good bipartisan resolution. The BDS movement is about the delegitimization of Israel and I strongly oppose it.  
 Today we celebrate life and new beginnings. 
 Just in: Presidential candidate will headline a Bedford Democrats Pancake Breakfast April 14 at the Lurgio Middle S…
 Can this Jersey born, Bruce Springsteen fan be the way to beat Trump?! Hope you check out my interview of
  on his personal wealth: "I'm investing in my desire to serve this country and make a difference in people's…
 Why does feel like it's difficult for him to gain traction? He says, "The way I tried to solve that problem…
 Presidential candidate John Delaney on why Democrats must move to the center if they want to beat Trump in 2020.Watch
 Watch Friday 10AMET: John Delaney Has Been Running for President for 2 Years. Is 2020 His Year?Read here 
 No more Mr. Nice Guy? Presidential hopeful John Delaney takes the gloves off calling Trump "utterly petty." Watch a portion…
 gotta talk to everyone!
I got kind of wonky with on  and  The system is stacked against working people and I want to change that. 
Listen to how I would deal with  and why the Trump  won't work:  
Here’s what the  got right: we need to take immediate, drastic action on  But the new proposal misses several key points, including its negative impacts on our global economy, and the necessity of a  
  tells that he's on track to meeting the requirements for the debates and explains his donation st…
 Presidential candidate who cosponsored the  last year, weighs in on  i…
President Trump's attacks on individuals and patriots like Senator McCain are denigrating our country. We need a President who understands the tone is set at the top. Each day they should wake up thinking about how to unite us under a common cause. 
 INBOX: releases statement urging to primary President Trump“Voices like John Kasich and Governo…
I believe that we need a Democrat in the White House and that we will have a Democrat in the White House in 2021. But step one in repairing our democracy is having two political parties committed to truth and decency.
Voices like John Kasich and Governor Hogan, from my state, would do an enormous service to not just their party, but to their fellow Americans to stand up and challenge this President.
Hogan Should Primary Trump 
Last time I checked, a poll tax is unconstitutional... 
The people of FL approved Amendment 4, an initiative to restore voting rights to former felons. Efforts by Republicans in the state legislature to undermine the will of Floridians are wrong and unconstitutional. The will of the voters should be respected. 
John Oliver's perspective on public shaming is worth the read.  
The  continues! If you haven't yet, consider donating $1 to my campaign and I'll donate $2 to one of eleven charities.  
 Coming up: and I discuss his interview of this past Sunday on and my interviews this…
I would argue that the reason for the decreased confidence is the cold hard reality that we have very high deficits despite reasonably strong economic growth. That story can't end well.  
The Iraq War is an example of what happens when the White House doesn’t tell the truth. With troops still deployed in the region, including in Iraq, we need a new Authorization of Military Force that has clear goals and an appropriate scope.
Sixteen years ago, the Iraq War began. This anniversary is a moment to reflect upon the tremendous sacrifice made by so many service members and their families and the tremendous cost paid by the country in fighting this unjust war.
 Democrats made a mistake not supporting Obama on TPP: 2020 Dem candidate 
I agree. Check out my proposal on this issue 
 Coming up: joins 
At one point, we had a society that cared about  for its citizens. We need to get back to  with a conscience where regulations, social safety net programs, tax policies, etc. help lift people up. Thanks for having me 
The   has been proven to be an effective anti-poverty tool, which is why we need to expand it. We need to get back to tax policies that benefit working people. 
 Thanks for taking the time to check it out! Informed policy positions are essential to running a strong campaign so we've made it a priority.
I had a great interview with talking about my  creating more opportunity for everyone, and why bringing this country back together is our most pressing issue. Check out a clip here: 
Democrat John Delaney for President: Gerrymandering = 👹👹👹. Politicians should never choose their constituents. 👉 Follow if you agree. 
There’s no place for gerrymandering, big 💰💰💰 or 🗳 suppression in our Democracy. 👂more from Democrat John Delaney for President.  
 Congrats to What a welcome addition to the We were happy to help! 
 In Madrid, called for lower student loan rates: “I don't think the government should make money on student…
  "Solving climate change the American way"   
Donations surging because the Delaney Debate Challenge has real momentum. Donate $1 to my campaign and I donate $2 in your name to a charity you select from a long list. Great deal, don't miss it! 
 Today on the David Webb Show on  ;  vs  CAL…
 will also be joining us again on the Morning Wake Up in MI later this week. Stay tuned for more details!…
 Presidential candidate and former Rep. on abolishing the electoral college: “If I were starting from scratch, I wo…
 Presidential hopeful joins  to discuss why he thinks Trump is "petty," the recent college admissions scandal,…
 Just donated to  via  John has the  plan to tax  and is ready to lead on day one.  C…
What kind of politics do you want? 🤼 or 👊💪? Believe in a better future. Follow Democrat John Delaney for  
The future of 🇺🇸: ⬆️⬇️❓❓❓Follow us to join the conversation. 
Delaney Tops All Democratic Candidates in Lugar Center Bipartisanship Rankings  
Look at the yellow bars for the top 1% and 0.1%. This is fundamentally unfair to working people and it's why I'm campaigning to raise the capital gains rate. 
I had a great discussion about where the Democratic party is headed and my campaign strategy with yesterday. Check out the full interview here: 
 Great interviewing 2020 Democratic presidential candidate for today. Really good guy -after all we…
  on his comments that Trump lacks basic decency, engages in lawless behavior, and uses violence-inciting rhetoric (…
To beat Trump, we need to build a coalition of Democrats, disaffected Republicans, and Independents. I'm building that coalition, join me: 
 “I’m running on exactly what this country needs.” 2020 candidate joins on  to discuss hi…
Don't forget—I'm still donating $2 for every new donor that contributes to my campaign. Contributing just $1 will help me get on the debate stage so my ideas are heard AND will help one of eleven charities (your choice)!  
 "I think a fundamental job of the president of the United States is to really lead the nation with dignity and a sense of decenc…
We are about to be live with check it out: 
Last night someone said "don't forget to tell people about the thousands of jobs your created ; the thousands of small to mid sized businesses you helped with your business." Yes, I was an entrepreneur (and I was good at) and we need exactly that type of experience in our party.
"There is a connection, hard to explain logically but easy to feel, between achievement in public life and progress in the arts" - John F Kennedy.      Now compare that to Trump's decision to eliminate all funding for the arts.  
 Great write up of our Friday night event in Churdan.  goes everywhere and doesn’t dodge questions. 
There’s no place for gerrymandering, big 💰💰💰 or 🗳 suppression in our Democracy. 👂more from Democrat John Delaney for President.  
Democrat John Delaney for President: Gerrymandering = 👹👹👹. Politicians should never choose their constituents. 👉 Follow if you agree. 
This is the appropriate response to gun violence—immediate, decisive action. 
What kind of 👤👤👤are the 🇺🇸👤👤👤? Hear John Delaney's take below. And follow us to hear more. 
The future of 🇺🇸: ⬆️⬇️❓❓❓Follow us to join the conversation. 
 Iowa Caucus: John Delaney makes pitch for effective agreement in Mason City stop  
  I actually think the race is wide open. If you talk to Democrats, most of them, overwhelming majority a…
 Coming up NEXT on  
"We need a leader who will look long term for the best solutions — not the cheapest, not the quickest, not in appearance only, and, definitely, not to foster winners and losers... Remember Delaney, a president for the whole country."
 "I want to be the person who solves problems, I want to the person that works to build that better future, but most im…
  is celebrating his St. Patrick's Day up in Decorah this evening. Earlier this week, Starting Line's
 In Decorah joined for an evening of food, music and fundraising for Winneshiek Democrats 🍀🇺🇸 
I have spoken for years about the importance of a national service program for young people in America. In a time of growing conflict and division, this service becomes an even more essential tool for unifying our country’s youth. 
A special thank you to the for having me at their  fundraiser. You gave this Irishman a warm welcome. It was great to see so many familiar faces, and I can't wait to come back.  
I just left a packed house in Charles City IA where I enjoyed a great discussion on climate change, healthcare and issues facing rural Iowa. Best weapon againt Trump is the truth and being honest about our problems and putting forth new ideas is the only way forward.  
We have to build a better future together, which is why I'm asking YOU to help me get on the DNC debate stage. If you donate $1 to my campaign today, I'll donate $2 to a selected charity of your choice.  
Spoke with the about my campaign platform, including creating a new national service program to bring the country together:  
3/3 He was a good and loyal man, the strongest man I knew, and a great dad. I'm happy to be driving his last pickup truck around Iowa this St. Paddy's Day and maybe while I'm waiting at the airport to fly home tonight I will grab a cold one in his honor.
2/3 It was a festive happy day, which was his personality as he always had a big warm smile and firm handshake.  It was a social day, and nothing made him happier than hanging out with his pals at the local bar after a long day on various construction jobs he worked at.
1/3 St. Patrick's Day was a big day around our house growing up. My dad, Jack Delaney, was a proud Irishman and he loved Irish traditions and having a few beers on "St Paddy's" day as he called it.  The day fit his personality. It was a tradition, which he liked.
Happy  My family immigrated from Ireland so they could build their American Dream. Every day is a reminder to celebrate the diversity in this country. Immigrants make us stronger. 
Just had our first campaign vehicle rescue! After a great event in rural Iowa one of our campaign cars got stuck on a very muddy gravel road. Thankfully, dad's pickup truck (which I'm driving around Iowa) came to the rescue and we just found them and I pushed him out!
 Enjoying pizza with after we all canvassed for in   🇺🇸  
 Nobody in the field has better thought-out solutions than
 This is an important idea from of us have been fighting for this for 30 years alongside Harris Wofford…
My mom used to quote "if you are not part of the solution, you are part of the problem."  It applies to politics these days, instead of blaming others for problems, lets start solving them. Together. As Americans.
I've called for an optional  program for high school graduates. I believe this would be an incredibly unifying experience for young Americans from all backgrounds, while also benefiting the country as a whole.  
 Out in Boone County, is talking with 30+ locals about pre-K funding, among other topics  
 “Anyone who says they do it alone in this world isn’t really thinking about what other people have done for them.” — Con…
Knocking on some doors on a lovely afternoon in Waterloo. Getting out the vote for    
 Thank you, Fort Dodge! Check out our new office at 14 North 11th St.  
 Democratic presidential hopeful shares vision on healthcare and education during stop in Madrid.
 Terrific evening for soup and a nice crowd at the newly renovated library in Churdan, Iowa.  Mike and Shari Minnehan, th…
 Photos from yesterday’s events in Ames, Madrid, and Churdan are now up on our blog:  
ICYMI: I pledged that for every new donor who contributes to the campaign, I will give $2 to a charity of your choice. Check out the details here:   
 Thanks for the potato soup,   
We need to be honest about the threat of climate change ; about how our country can address that threat. We can achieve net-zero emissions by 2050 by working together to pass effective bipartisan solutions that put our working families first. 
 It's time for to bring his leadership to  in the  We've been making calls and tomorrow let…
 Great crowd of nearly 50 at the SAM Center in Madrid. Questions on education, water quality, health care, and taxes. 
 Thanks to KHOI FM in Ames for having us. Good discussion on jobs, immigration and health care.  
"He is down to earth, and won’t get distracted. He’s focused on solutions and ideas, not attacks and division." 
What kind of politics do you want? 🤼 or 👊💪? Believe in a better future. Follow Democrat John Delaney for  
Follow for the truth about universal healthcare.   
A candidate telling the truth about economic inequality? Every kid in America should have opportunities to 🎓, earn 💰, and change the 🌎. Follow John Delaney for  
❗Bipartisanship Alert ❗Democrat John Delaney believes in working together and unifying our country. Follow him now.  
👀 A candidate telling the truth about universal healthcare?-; Follow 
Yesterday marked the start of the Special Olympics World Games. I hope you’ll join me in celebrating the hard work, dedication, and excellence that these athletes demonstrate as they proudly represent their respective countries. 
What kind of politics do you want? 🤼 or 👊💪? ***Believe in a better future. Follow Democrat John Delaney for  
Is there anything America can do about 🤖s taking our 💼s ?? YES. Follow Democrat John Delaney for  
Is there anything America can do about 🤖s taking our 💼s ?? YES. Follow for  
 so true, she's an inspiration to us all!
Follow Presidential candidate for the truth about universal healthcare.   
Democrat John Delaney: A candidate for President telling the truth for a change.   
Happy Birthday to the Notorious  She is a leader and inspiration to women everywhere. 
Quality healthcare = basic human right. Rising healthcare costs = lower wages. How do we fix? Democrat John Delaney is the only Presidential candidate keeping it 💯  
Quality healthcare = basic human right. Rising healthcare costs = lower wages. How do we fix? Democrat John Delaney is the only Presidential candidate keeping it 💯 
It's pretty simple. Kids in Pre-K do better in school. Follow the Democrat for President who always keeps it 💯  
Some very important questions need to be asked of Boeing. Specifically, what did they know and when did they know it. The only thing that matters in aircraft manufacturing is safety.  
ICYMI: Yesterday I pledged that for every new donor who contributes to the campaign, I will give $2 to a charity of your choice. Check out the details here: 
PreK is the best investment we can make for future generations. Watch to hear why so many others agree. And follow us to find out more about Democrat John Delaney’s vision for public education. 
Where’d Americans’ raises go? To healthcare costs. Hear more real talk on how to make healthcare universal. Follow Democrat John Delaney for President. 
There’s no place for gerrymandering, big money or voter suppression in our Democracy. Hear more from Democrat John Delaney for President. 
Democrat John Delaney knows that we have to ACT, not just talk, when it comes to climate change. But we need realistic solutions, not Green New Deals. Learn more. 
From a blue collar upbringing to starting businesses and creating thousands of jobs. Democrat John Delaney wants every kid in America to have the same opportunities he had. Follow our campaign to learn more. 
April and I offer our condolences  to the people of New Zealand and our prayers to those directly impacted by this horrific event. Americans stand firmly with you in our work to eradicate hate and senseless violence and to make the world safer. We will get through this together.
Make BOTH a positive contribution to our message AND to your community with one of eleven different non profits. Make a $1 donation to my campaign and April and I make a $2 donation to a non profit that you select.  Simple. Straightforward. Positive.  
 Happy  Our Des Moines office celebrated with blueberry and pecan 🥧  
 Hey Jim, check out my healthcare policy here: 
For every new donor that contributes to my campaign, I'll donate $2 to the organization of their choice. This prevents the media and DNC from picking your 2020 Democratic candidate for you! 
For every $1 you give, I will give $2 to a non-profit that you select. This prevents the media and DNC from picking your 2020 Democratic candidate for you! 
 Hey - has pledged to give $2 dollars to PP for every new unique donor who donates $1 to his campaign. Let…
For every $1 you give, I will give $2 to a non profit that you select. This prevents the media and DNC from picking your 2020 Democratic candidate for you! 
 RUNDOWN: John Delaney pledges to donate to charity for each new campaign donor he receives as he looks to qualify for upc…
As President, I’ve pledged to give back to those in need. I’m ready to start that promise now if you’re with me. Tune in to my FB live at 3 PM ET to hear about the  or check out my website now for details: 
 Donuts from the Max Ox Bakery, fresh coffee brewing, and the smiling face of our next President. Best way to start the day he…
 Today is  We are grateful to Iowa's hardworking farmers and food workers for feeding the world. 
Welcome to the race
 I completely endorse the  I'm excited about the progress we've made towards equal rights and am ready to continue that fight from the White House!
 
 Y’all... it’s critical that we give a place on the debate stage! Chip in $1.00 like I did and let’s hear…
 Hey Caleb, John is getting closer to being on that stage every day, and we'd love for you to help by sharing his message with your family and friends! If they like what they hear, they can text DELANEY to 72727 to donate or Contribute HERE. Thanks for being on 
 We should be investing in infrastructure, education, and combatting climate change, as well as maintaining federal support of social safety net programs. Check out my priorities here: 
Budgets are statements of priorities. The budget released by is another reminder that our president lacks a moral compass. Stripping funding from core social safety net programs will deny the most vulnerable Americans basic necessities. 
 New Guest Post: A recent Democratic county party chair from rural Iowa explains why she thinks is best sui…
 And will be out knocking doors himself in the SD 30 race this weekend. His team has already been hosting m…
A quick recap of this past Sunday at    
 Street heat for !!! 
We need to raise the capital gains tax. It is fundamentally unfair that people who work for a living pay a higher tax rate than those who derive most of their income from investments. 
The innovation in the  community is inspirational. The intelligence, entrepreneurial drive and open-source nature of the market is a model for what we can truly accomplish when we work together for the common good. 
I believe US intelligence agencies over Putin. 
 Happy  and 107th birthday to the  We were thrilled to have a Girl Scouts cookie visit to our
Trump’s budget would be laughable if it weren’t so fiscally irresponsible and dishonorable. We need a president who will tell people the truth, make smart investments, bring our fiscal house in order, and prepare for the future.   
 Rep. John Delaney: "I was ranked the third most bipartisan member of the Democrats in the House of Representatives. That's som…
 Women's rights are human rights. We were proud to march with Women's March of Southwest Iowa this weekend (rescheduled t…
I wrote legislation on and am campaigning for many of the things included in H.R. 1 such as making election day a holiday, ending gerrymandering, and election security.
The House passed  last week, the  Act, to clean up DC ; reform our government. Let’s join ; pressure to give the bill a vote.Contact Mitch &gt;&gt; [   
 We spoke t 2020 Democratic presidential candidate, who wants to give young people what they want from politics…
 John Delaney: "I've called for what I'm calling 'pre-K through 14' to be the new 'K through 12.'" 
  "I introduced the only bipartisan carbon tax bill in the Congress, puts a price on carbon. All the revenu…
 . will be there, and published an oped in two months ago calling for a national renewal of Democ…
 I was honored to have my question chosen and to be a small part of this Democratic Town Hall. CNN Town Hall with John De…
 Rep. "Gerrymandering is one of the most insidious forces in our politics. Gerrymandering combined with too much…
Trump's nationalism is a "no answer" approach to the world; "socialism" is a "wrong answer" approach to the world; "making capitalism more just" is the right answer approach to the world.
 John Delaney's been running for President since 2017. Here's what he said he's learned   
 Former Rep. John Delaney on the Green New Deal: "We have to have a goal around climate that is realistic. … If we actually think c…
When I was 22 I was standing in my dad's union hall in jersey city, NJ thanking electricians for giving me a scholarship for college. 11 years later I was ringing the bell on the NYSE as the youngest CEO. Of course I believe in capitalism - I also believe in investing in kids.
 Former Rep. John Delaney on legalizing marijuana: “I think the federal government should get out of the way and let that movement…
 Former Rep. John Delaney: Trump’s "fundamental lack of a moral compass" is hurting the country  
 Former Rep. John Delaney on the Green New Deal: "We have to have a goal around climate that is realistic. … If we actually think c…
 Former Rep. John Delaney lays out his plan to make education more affordable:• Every child starts with pre-K “as a right in this…
Capitalism is the foundation of the American Dream. We need to balance capitalism with an investment in social programs but abandoning it entirely for socialism is the wrong answer to almost every question. 
 Rep. "I've called for a national artificial intelligence strategy. I founded the A.I. Caucus in the Congress, an…
I believe an optional year-long  program would help young people build a resume and find meaningful work, as well as bring together people from all different backgrounds. It will make our union stronger.     
Every American deserves equal opportunities regardless of sexual orientation. I will continue to fight until the  community has complete rights across the entire country.     
Investment in  is an investment in our future and is long overdue. My infrastructure plan would create millions of jobs and is fully funded by reworking the tax code. Read more about my proposed solution here:     
We covered a lot of topics last night but there were a couple that weren't mentioned. Here are some of the other issues that are really important to my campaign:   
 Former Rep. John Delaney: "We need universal healthcare, but ... having a government-only solution to health care is not the right…
 "I firmly believe in the separation of church and State. I'm Catholic...but I don't think my church doctrines should dete…
  student Jake Herman asks about the impact of gerrymandering on elections. Delaney says “we need federal…
  says Trump “divides the American people,” something that is “is so corrosive and un-American.”But ultimat…
 “I don’t think my church... should decide public policy and doctrine in this country.“  — Dem presidential candidate Jo…
 "We should have paid parental leave in this country...I think people need to realize these policies are good for people A…
If you liked what you heard tonight, please check out our new online store:     
 I’ve been to several launch events for  the excitement here for what is saying on the Town…
 Thanks to  for participating in our town hall and taking questions from voters tonight at  
  on climate change: "We have to stop talking about it. We have to start doing things."  
 Former Rep. John Delaney: "I grew up in a blue-collar family. My dad was an electrician. Neither of my parents went to college. I…
 Former Rep. John Delaney lays out his plan to make education more affordable:• Every child starts with pre-K “as a right…
 Former Rep. John Delaney: "We need universal healthcare, but ... having a government-only solution to health care is not t…
 Former Rep. John Delaney: Trump’s "fundamental lack of a moral compass" is hurting the country  
Thank you I just gave it my all but the real work is just starting. I need YOU to become a part of my grassroots campaign by signing up here:      
 Presidential town hall,  
You just learned a lot about me and my campaign. If you liked what you heard, please consider contributing $1 today so we can make the next big stage.     
Labels aren’t so important to the American people. What’s important is getting real things done to improve lives. This campaign is about embracing effective ideas that will move this country forward.     
We need to make significant investments in areas that have been left behind by globalization and provide resources for those who will be left behind by the future of work.     
"We haven't treated mental health on parity with physical health. That's part of the problem" -John Delaney    
We have to return to a sense of common purpose. The fearmongering and divisiveness that the President encourages must end.     
We have to be honest with the American people about issues and solutions. Returning to a place where people trust their government is central to bringing this country back together.    
 "Politicians shouldn't choose their constituents...constituents should choose their elected officials" on ge…
“I firmly believe in the separation of church and state. Full Stop” -John Delaney    
"Right now the government makes money on student loans. We shouldn't make any money on student loans." -John Delaney    
As President, John pledges to debate Congress each quarter. This is just one essential step towards solving our broken political system.      
We need an immigration system that is moral and fair. Immigrants improve our country’s economy, industry, and culture, and denying them access based off prejudice or misinformation is not only unethical, it degrades our society.     
Globalization, automation, and rapid technological change have been a net positive for the world, but not for everyone. We need to invest in communities and workers who have been left behind.       
      
 “We need entrepreneurs all across the country”    
We have been operating on an educational model that’s over a century old. We have to update our education system, make it easier and less expensive to get a degree, and expand academic opportunity.     
John is successful because of the  he received at every level. He wants to make sure your kids have the same chance - that’s why he is fighting for universal pre-k, free community college/career and technical training for all.    
     
John’s campaign is about working together to solve problems. Social Security Reform, Food Stamp Act, CHIP, Civil Rights Act, Jobs Act, Medicare were all done in a bipartisan way and have lasted.     
 Thus far it looks like is on the right track. I loved his response on the black agenda ; the importance of t…
It is time to accept that climate change is a real problem that needs a real solution. That’s why John is proposing a carbon tax that would cut emissions by over 90% by 2050. Read more about his plan here:    
John knows that  is a real ; existential threat to our future. That’s why he is proposing the most effective approach - a  that will lower greenhouse gas emissions immediately.   
Health care is not a gift or a privilege for the select few, it is a basic human right.    
 "If we embrace socialism in its purest form that would be a big mistake" 
Let's do this.    
My wife ; 4 daughters mean everything to me. is my partner in public service, the Director of ; an advocate for children ; women’s empowerment. At the end of the day, all Americans want to create better lives for their families.   
I was able to take on the risks that accompany entrepreneurship because I grew up in a community that cares deeply about the American Dream. My entrepreneurial background has given me a unique look at what it takes to create good, decent jobs ; sustain growth.  
I’m here today because a judge with one arm saw my grandfather with one arm as something more than a disability; he saw his humanity and gave him a chance. We should be a country of opportunity, not a country of birthright.  
My grandfather worked in a pencil factory, my dad was a union electrician, and my mom stayed at home to raise kids. Honest work and a community that rallied around its members got me where I am today. I want to give those opportunities to American families.   
 In Cedar Rapids we're cheering “Go Democrats" ahead of Town Hall 🇺🇸 Find events near you: 
 We're excited at Star Bar in Des Moines for the Town Hall with - starts at 6 pm 🇺🇸 
The team you build is really important and I'm incredibly thankful for mine. All of us are really excited to be here.     
My name is John Delaney, and I am running for President of the United States of America. Everyone deserves a chance to fulfill their American Dream and pursue a just, prosperous, and secure future, and that’s why I’m running. 
We’re a little less than 1 hour away from my Town Hall. Where will you be watching? Send us your pictures and tune in here:    
Walkthrough and soundcheck for tonight’s  at  Can’t wait to talk to you all. 
 Looking forward to meeting up with in  for Town Hall tonight 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
Tomorrow's the big day. Don't forget to tune into Town Hall on Sunday, March 10th at 7:00 PM ET/ 6:00 PM CT. 
I've started two businesses, been CEO of two public companies, and served in Congress. April has been a national non profit leader on issues related to kids and the media/technology. But we've learned the MOST in life from being the parents of four amazing daughters!
 Yesterday condemned ALL discrimination ; bigotry. Guess who didn’t support it? Steve King. Do Iowans d…
"Meeting him in person, I was blown away by Delaney's in-depth understanding of the topic. He articulated solutions and conclusions that were similar to what years of analysis had lead me to."  
If we want to tackle global warming we have to be investing in negative emission technologies. They are more advanced than most people believe and we can't get off carbon fast enough to address climate change so we need to "decarbonize" fossil fuels.    
Pre-K positively affects many lifelong opportunities such as continuing education and higher pay. All families should be able to send their children to Pre-K. Share if you agree.   
These type of technologies - together with pure negative emission technologies - are critical to getting to a net zero carbon future.  
The overwhelming majority of Americans want to enact   regulations such as universal background checks ; limiting military-style assault weapons ; accessories. It is the next President's responsibility to put that wish into action.  
 Watch: Democrat answers questions directly from New Hampshire voters in the second installment of the "Conversation…
Happy International Women's Day! Everyone has a part in fighting gender inequality ; moving us toward a  We're campaigning to protect women's rights, ensure equal pay ; stand up for the rights of women ; girls around the world.    
Chair Giancarlo's speech at the DC Blockchain Summit sponsored by the Chamber of Digital Commerce highlights the need for tech-forward regulatory solutions. We want savvy leaders guiding the country on blockchain. I applaud the work of ;
 “It’s contributed to the injustice in our criminal justice system, particularly the racial injustice.”2020 presidential cand…
 In  an  asked if he would support legislation that allows consumers to take companies tha…
Thanks for having me! 
 and are helping solve problems one meal at a time. He is a great example of how to use your time and resources to give back. 
I'm a big fan of General McChrystal and this piece explains why I'm pushing for National Service. It is part of my first 100 day platform!  
We have to update our voting machines and protect against security threats. I authored legislation to address this problem in Congress, because we know election security is a major issue at the heart of our democracy. 
I was on this morning to talk about bringing the country together, embracing capitalism and why we need to act on climate change: 
 What about the people who sacrificed their lives so that we can live in the land of the free. My sense is that they helped me earn what I've earned.
I applaud the effort in MD to protect online privacy and establish new consumer protections. Partnering with my wife April, I am working to make this a major national issue as part of my campaign. We need to make a safer, more secure internet for users. 
 Join us at one of our watch parties for Town Hall this Sunday! Meet up at 6:30pm, Town Hall starts a…
 Stopped by the Des Moines office to pick up my copy of his book for the  and you can too! H…
We have to show up everywhere. That's why we're going to campaign in all 50 states and talk about how we start getting things done on jobs, opportunity and health care that will actually improve people's lives. 
 So excited to attend the watch party of the CNN Town Hall that will be participating in this Sunday at 7PM…
  NH twitter is up and running! Follow us here to keep up with all things New Hampshire on c…
We need a new optional national service program to bring the country together. This is about restoring a sense of common purpose, connecting people from different backgrounds ; boosting useful initiatives. Thank you and 
Great to sit down with to talk about bringing the country together, why socialism isn't the answer and focusing on the future. 
Very nice to see this sign on the Q Street overpass in DC.   Let us not forget. 
An example of how structurally unfair things are. Purdue Pharma, maker of opioids, is considering a bankruptcy filing to discharge its liability. At the same time, people with student debt are NOT allowed BY LAW to have their debt discharged in bankruptcy. 
How bad is Trump? He starts a huge trade war that hurts the US to try to fix something (the trade deficit) that doesn't matter nearly as much as he thinks and he can't even do that! China's theft of IP is the real issue.  
There are so many things we - Democrat's, Republicans and Independents - agree with each other on yet they failed to get acted upon because of failed leadership.  
Learn more about where John stands on the issues and leave your thoughts here.  
It is important to look at the science and evidence. Vaccines are important for our public health and they are safe.  
 Candidates have everything to gain by focusing on Rural America. Good piece here from on 
It's time to bring the country together and start solving problems. I'm laying out my vision for the future of our nation this Sunday. Tune in to Town Hall at March 10th at 7 PM EST/ 6 PM CST. 
 Join in opening our new  office on Saturday, March 16. All are welcome! 
 Very interesting to see the patterns in candidates' statements. consistently offers concrete solutions and clea…
 John Delaney preaches moderation in bid to win Democratic race 
I sat down with the to lay out my policy ideas. From the very beginning, my campaign's been committed to answering pressing questions and solving real problems. 
 Tune in to the Town Hall on 3/10 at 7pmEST to see answer questions from the audience. ** If you want…
Safeguarding our Constitution should never take a backseat to party loyalty. I'm glad several Republicans are willing to vote against President Trump’s declaration of a national emergency. 
Trump wants this campaign to be about socialism and we shouldn’t give him what he wants. We need to update our social programs to better fit today’s world, and we need to make capitalism more just and inclusive. That’s what my campaign is about. 
This was always a silly thing to talk about. Tax refunds are about the accuracy of withholding, not policy. Trump's tax cuts were bad policy: they increased deficits and were not focused on the kinds of things the American people need, like a bigger EITC.  
Before running for office I spent 20 years as an entrepreneur and CEO of two public companies. My companies were admired in their communities and given an award by Obama admin for our business practices. Having executive experience is indispensable for leading the country.
"Congressman Delaney has a track record of innovative ideas that gain strong bipartisan support. There is a better way, and John Delaney understands it."
My deepest sympathies go out to the families of those lost and injured during last nights horrific tragedy. Now is the time for us to pull together and support each other during our time of need. 
 Visiting all 99 Iowa counties has been important to for a big reason: It's time for our nation to invest in…
The discussion about "socialism" is a distraction. We are a "capitalist" country that thrives when we have strong "social" programs (public ed, safety net, healthcare etc).  Our model works, but the problem is the political system stopped updating our social programs for change.
John on Thinking Outside the Box... 
March is also  Thank you for investing in communities and  to those in need. 
I'm pledging to go to all 50 states and DC and Puerto Rico. We can’t write off rural America, we can’t write off red states, and we can’t stay within our bubble.    
This is the strongest job market in 50 years, which is good news, although rural America is still struggling, automation is a threat ; many workers remain on the sideline. 2020 is about specific plans for these issues and being honest, decent ; unifying.  
 As a second-generation American whose grandfathers immigrated through Ellis Island from Ireland and England,
 Thank you for joining in 4-4:30 east on your 2020 Presidential campaign. Tune…
This month, we honor the incredible work, progress, ; sacrifice made by fearless women throughout history. My 4 daughters ; wife April are the loves of my life. I'm committed to fighting for equal rights ; opportunity not just for them but for all women.  
Right now so many Americans, of all backgrounds and political persuasions, feel like they’re being left out and left behind. They feel like their government doesn’t hear them, that the economy isn’t working for them, and that their story isn’t being told. 
 Greene, Webster, Cerro Gordo, Floyd and Winneshiek Counties: is coming to visit this month! Find all our ev…
 “What makes his book refreshing is that he also talks about how he would approach these problems, which reveals both his…
See you in Austin!   
 John Delaney said he wants to create optional, year-long  program for students after high sch…
We need to be constantly updating the social contract with every wave of change. That's how we focus on the future. 
Having done well over 300 events in the early states I can tell you that most voters I have met are totally open minded, optimistic about what we can do together as Americans and interested in solving problems and making the world better. It is inspiring to say the least.
 
  ❗
 I very much support the energy she's brought to the debate. I believe we must act now though. You can find some details here, more to come soon on my issues page: 
Otto Warmbier was a son, brother, friend, and American. Three years ago, Warmbier begged for his life in a press conference. Today, gave cover to Kim Jung Un for his role in Warmbier's death. This is completely insensitive, shameful behavior from our president. 
 JUST IN: CNN will host a town hall at in Austin on March 10. It will be moderated by CNN's Jake Tapper and Dana Bash, and wi…
We currently require federal elected officials to disclose asset/income ranges and stock purchase/sales, we can require them to disclose their tax returns. It's constitutional, it does not infringe on every day Americans ; treats POTUS like every other federal elected official 
As I said yesterday, you can't talk politically about helping the needy unless you actually help them in your community.  As adults, April and I have been actively engaged with our time ; our resources helping the most needy in our community. Volunteer and give what you can!
Regarding Trump's tax returns, the most direct way to get them is for the Congress to pass a law requiring every elected Federal official to disclose their tax returns. Period.
Great to hear that the House passed universal background checks legislation with bipartisan support today. 97% of Americans support this common-sense policy - I hope the Senate and the White House will too.
Talked to voters today in Columbia, SC at the Trinity Baptist Church.   
We're in South Carolina and will be going live on Facebook soon. Comment below with the questions you want me to answer! Don't forget     
 Des Moines team member Anita Aidoo had a great time at the Capitol this week joining a Celebration of Black History Mont…
 Hi Tucker, you can RSVP here: 
In our effort to create a society that is more just, prosperous and full of opportunity we don't have to tear other people down and  cast blame on huge parts of our society (like the entire private sector). Let's rise up above these false choices.
We can solve all of our problems but we have to solve them all together.  Our potential as a country is only limited by our inability to show the humility that is needed to seek out the best answers and the courage to find common ground and work together.
One other detail, the American people paid for this report. It is our property; let us see it.  
Looking forward to campaigning in Clemson and Columbia.   
 &gt; has a  plan that cuts carbon emissions 90% by 2050 -- and it cuts partisan gridlock, too. 
The 15th Amendment was passed by Congress today in 1869. The  is a fundamental constitutional right and must be guaranteed for everyone. That starts with updating the  and making  a holiday. 
The 2020 election is less about policy and more about leadership. It's about electing a leader that tells the truth, restores dignity to the office of the President, is committed to solving problems and has the courage to advocate for moderation and unity for our divided nation.
Economic polices are important but IMO the 2020 election is about something deeper, and ultimately more important. An approach to leadership rooted in honesty, integrity, decency, courage and an unwavering commitment to try to unify our nation and advance real solutions.
He should be released immediately. No U.S. journalist is going to be detained by a dictator when I'm President. 
Spoke with about  What is it with this White House and the phrase "both sides"? 
Here's the truth: deficits matter and the  matters. fiscal irresponsibility has real consequences, including hurting our ability to fund key programs, respond to a crisis or boost the economy during a recession. 
There were plenty of memorable moments from last night's  but definitely hit the right note when she introduced   
Abhorrent and irresponsible rhetoric from the  
A great analysis of where we should be focusing to combat climate change.   
We should all hope the Vietnam summit with North Korea goes well and not prejudge the outcome before it even starts - the denuclearization of North Korea is too serious a topic to play politics over.
Adam Lambert did a nice job opening with Queen, but let's face it, no one can really match Freddie Mercury. Maybe Robert Plant. But that's about it.
On my last trip to Iowa I was asked: "what experience has taught you most in life?" I said: First, being happily married ; raising four daughters. Second, a tie between my business career ; Congress. Third, my work with non profits. Last, my education (; I went to good schools!)
 "I first heard speak in Washington, D.C. in 2013 about his ideas to create and fund an infrastructure bank…
It actually makes sense to tax the robots.  If a robot takes a person's job that person still needs Medicare and Social Security, which is funded by taxes on pay.  The robot tax would support the safety net.  
We must always put the interests of workers front and center in every single policy debate we have. Our citizens deserve a growing economy, an opportunity for a job with decent pay/benefits, and respect.
Congress just debated ; funded border security, which is its responsibility under Article I, Sec 9 of the Constitution. Trump's national emergency to fund different border security undermines the will of the Congress ; is an attack on the separation of powers and the Constitution
Reflecting on all America has achieved during his lifetime, Mr. Buffett correctly concludes "our country's almost unbelievable prosperity has been gained in a bipartisan manner" 
One reason to help workers - with pay, benefits, etc. - is so that they can gain some flexibility outside of work to be more engaged with family, friends and community. The "pursuit of happiness" is a right after all, and people need time to pursue it.
 Look who our Political Director, Marcia Rogers, ran into last night in Ottumwa, our fearless leader,
  campaign continues to add even more good Iowa talent to their team. Ben Cobley joined up this week 
"relentlessly automating and merging the best of our optimized business models with the best new technologies."  This quote is a fancy way to say layoffs! We spend all our time talking about Trump and ignoring the dramatic changes in work.  
Every American deserves to have their vote count in fair and honest elections.  
Treating people who flee horrific conditions in their home country like common criminals undermines our moral authority around the world. It is not who we are and not what we should be doing. Full statement: 
We need a growing and prosperous economy that works for everyone. That's what my campaign is about. 
Have extra time/resources ; want to help the world? Volunteer/support a political or issue campaign, volunteer/support a charity or non profit, start a business/non profit, mentor someone, give back time or $ to your community. Do something REAL (hint: social media doesn't count)
 While driving back from New Hampshire, I listened to interview with John’s ideas about about…
 Team hosting our very first phone bank in NH tonight!   
President Trump is ignoring scientists, he’s ignoring our military, and he’s ignoring our intelligence agencies. Instead of being a doer and taking action to address this urgent problem, he’s trying to construct a new reality. Full statement: 
The defining economic story of the last decade has been the extreme concentration of economic dev ; growth in a small # of places. What’s happening in the tech hubs is great—but we are a stronger country when we have growth everywhere. Full statement: 
While our national economic discussion has been dominated by where Amazon will put its 3rd HQ, Trump’s tweets, ; which Democrat wants to raise taxes the highest, farmers across the Midwest have been going bankrupt. I’m not going to ignore rural America.
According to analysis of federal data from the bankruptcy filings are skyrocketing across the Midwest, even surpassing levels seen during the Great Recession of 2008 in many states... 
On w/ I talked about my plan to provide  Every American should have  coverage. 
A question I get all over Iowa is how do we deal with those who deny  Here's my answer: 
B/c of my prior life as a serial entrepreneur I end up talking entrepreneurship w/ young people. So many of them want to start something and we need to make that easier. I also remind them that thriving entrepreneurship exists as part of capitalism. Capitalism with a conscience!
A very smart read on why my approach to universal healthcare (allowing multiple plans and private insurance) is a better path forward IMO compared to a single payor approach.  
  the   the American people want solutions. My campaign is about getting things done. 
TRoosevelt on improving capitalism: "Those who oppose reform will do well to remember that ruin in its worst form is inevitable if our national life brings us nothing better than swollen fortunes for the few ; the triumph in both politics ; business of a selfish materialism"
Capitalism is an extraordinary innovation and job creation machine but it needs to be moderated w/ proper regulation, fair taxation, strong protections for workers, antitrust enforcement ; societal infrastructure (like good schools).  Capitalism with a conscience is what we want.
The genius of America is that we historically channelled the power of capitalism towards maximum societal good with appropriate regulation, taxation ; societal infrastructure. It is time to do that again. Let's build the next generation of capitalism with a conscience.
 Join me for my next when my guest, Democratic presidential candidate , will talk trade, the Gr…
Frederick Douglass, a civil rights hero and voice for social justice who championed the equality of all people, passed away on this day in 1895. Today is also the World Social Justice Day, a perfect time to reflect on his wise words. 
Spoke with about how we can start getting things done again in Washington.    
I have the right experience ; vision to beat Trump (job 1), to work with people to get real things done ASAP in healthcare, education, jobs and climate (job 2), to unify our terribly divided nation (job 3) and to build a future that is more just ; prosperous for our kids (job 4)
 "If we want to beat Trump, we should not put up a candidate who embraces socialism. That's not what the American people…
 Honored to introduce at the Perry Perk in Perry this afternoon to a room full of eager listeners!  Articulat…
 Thank you Grimes Area Democrats, special guest and Hacienda Vieja for hosting for a big co…
I want to thank the Grimes Area Democrats for inviting me to speak tonight ; for her fabulous introduction.I'm a pragmatic idealist who wants to find real solutions for the American people.  
 We had a great time with Perry Democrats today at Perry Perk! We’re in Grimes tonight at Hacienda Vieja with Grimes Area…
 Former Dem lawmaker: 2020 Dem primary a choice between socialism and a "more just" form of capitalism 
Just wrapping up a roundtable discussion with ; where we discussed the earned income tax credit which is key to helping lift up working families who are having a hard time getting by. 
Yesterday we lost a great scientist and leader often referred to as the “grandfather of climate science.” We should honor his memory by redoubling our efforts to combat the cause he championed, and ending climate change.
"Congressman Delaney’s family history, business acumen, and legislative experience (where he actually got things done in Congress), along with an ability to commit and carry through, make him a quality person." —Lori White-Bliss, Council Bluffs  
 We're excited to be back in Marshalltown today with and for an economic roundt…
From my speech at the Politics ; Eggs Breakfast. I believe this statement will age well. 
 We’re all set for our Waterloo Campaign Office Grand Opening with TODAY at 5 PM. Stop by 10 W. 4th St, Ste…
 This answer proves why you are so darn good at your job.
 said he pushed him.
Driving with two of my team members between Waterloo and and Des Moines and we are having the LeBron vs Jordan debate. What say you?
8:45 PM driving from Waterloo Iowa to Des Moines. Listening to Bruce in dad's old pickup. Minus 2 degrees out. All good. Great day. Bring on the  
I was on pod this past week, to talk about why I'm running for President and how we bring the country together. Listen here: 
In just a bit, I'll be doing a Q;A from the road. Submit the questions you'd like me to answer in the comments below! Don't forget the hashtag  
The sacred duty of the President to preserve, protect, and defend our great nation is the biggest responsibility anyone can take on. Today, I remember all the past Presidents who served their country well.   
We should be to be net zero carbon emissions by 2050. To get there we need to do 5 things: (1) Tax Carbon (w/ dividend) (2) Increase clean energy research by 5x (3) bolster renewable credits (4) build sustainable infrastructure (5) reenter Paris and lead the world.
 50% by 2030 and zero carbon by 2050 are aggressive but realistic goals. To get there we need 4 specific things. 1. Carbon tax. 2. 5x increase in DOE clean energy research funds. 3. bolster renewable credits 4. build sustainable infrastructure
 But impossible within 10 years unless we take measures that will very very negatively impact people's living standards, which will therefore never happen and will only delay action on the real things we needs to do to get to zero by 2050.
 My vision is to focus on being carbon free by 2050 and laying out specifically how that happens. That is an ambitious but achievable goal and if we do it it will save the planet. Calling for it by 2030 is not achievable and will therefore discourage real action.
 JFK spent considerable time with scientists figuring out if going to the moon was possible before he called for it. The equivalent today would be to call to be carbon free by 2050 and then lay out specifically how we get there.
 Listen to our first Solutions 2020 conference call with here:  
I just left a packed house of Iowa Democrats who are excited about the  It was great to meet Nancy, chair of the Wayne County Democrats, who endorsed my candidacy last week. 
 I just don't think a carbon tax, doubling of the EITC, Universal PreK, Universal Healthcare, free community college/tech training ; specific incentives to invest in distressed communities are half steps. IMO they are the foundation of extraordinary progress and they can get done
 It's called an analogy, designed to help illustrate a point. In the analogy "points" is the equivalent of "progress" or "getting real things done."  Iid rather do real things to help those kids than to talk about things that will never happen.
Politics and hoops: Would you rather your favorite basketball team throw up shots from half court the whole game (that would be "bold" but not a winning plan) or would you rather them hit high % jumpers and mix in 3 pointers (that would be making progress and playing to win)?
I've called the GND a "step backwards" on climate b/c it makes building a coalition to get something big done on climate impossible.  IMO we should pass a big and bold carbon tax like the bipartisan bill I introduced. It will lower GHG by 90% and it can get done. That's progress!
 I agree we should have an "immediate climate resolution" but it should be by passing a big carbon tax. It will work and it can get done. What the GND calls for can't practically get done so i view it as a step backwards. We need real solutions to all the things you mentioned.
I'm the candidate that tells the truth and wants to solve problems, find common ground and get things done. If you are looking for a candidate to makes impossible promises, keep talking about things or say vague stuff like "that's not who we are" then you've got the wrong person.
By any measure, a carbon tax is the single best tool to combat global warming and encourage investment and innovation in the carbon free economy. My bipartisan carbon tax/dividend plan is evidence it can become law in my first year as President.
 Thank you, for being a sponsor of the  last year and for continuing to…
 “If I would’ve run 30-40 years ago as president, being a white man would’ve been an advantage. The way I think of it now, i…
 New website is live! Check out our Iowa page with campaign offices, events and more: 
Impressive innovation and creative problem solving but we are failing when it comes to dealing with climate change. Our way of life is increasingly being threatened and we need to act now. 
 My view on these things is they are never so clear as "right" and "wrong". It's about economics, assumptions, etc. It's kinda like when people say "I definitely know where the economy is going." I'm like, "no you don't, no one does." Only time will tell on this one.
 Last few hrs I've read a few things on it b/c I was so stunned how folks here in the NYC area are so upset. I'm not doubting ur passion and insights on this but from what I've read, heard ; my experience seems like a bad move for NY/Queens. We will agree to disagree on that!
 Of course.  And we should also agree that the majority should decide. If a majority of folks in Queens, NYC and NY want it, it should come.  If not, then no. That's a democracy.
 I didn't admit I had little knowledge of this topic generally. I did start two public companies from scratch, create thousands of jobs, finance 5000 small business all over the country and get an award from Obama administration for helping disadvantaged communities with jobs.....
 It doesn't feel like the people who will be hurt by this are the Amazon executives. They seem to be doing just fine. And the transplants will either stay in Seattle or move to DC. So they are ok as well. The people who will be hurt are NY small business owners and taxpayers
 Got detailed plans on corp tax that raises rates ; closes loopholes. My point is simple: corp tax is an issue for Congress. Jobs in local communities is about real human beings. U can both think amazons bid process was unseemly (i do) ; feel bad for the people hurt by the pullout
I'm for a carbon tax + huge increase in DoE clean energy research ; against GND, which makes action on climate harder. I'm for universal healthcare as a right ; against taking away private insurance options.  I'm for smart common sense solutions ; against things that don't work.
 Again, I just started by saying I feel bad for the small business owners in the area. Who would have benefited from the new jobs and investments. It feels like this was overwhelmingly popular but got blocked by a vocal minority.
 I read articles, spoke to real people here in NY, understand jobs and was clear that I didn't follow too closely but even if 500M was state funds still a bad decision.  Re workers, many  NY folks would get jobs. Also, New York is not an isolationist town!
 Anyway you slice it this is a big loss for workers and small businesses. I've been asking cab drivers, coffee shop owners etc here in NY and they are furious about the loss of Amazon.
 Boeing has 14,000 suppliers - most of them small businesses. That's how the economy works. Go ask a small business if they want to get rid of a big business in an area and they will say NO
 The irony is most people wanted it including working people so it doesn't seem like representative  democracy is working for working people in queens.
 I agree with you 100% on too much concentrated tech power but that's a question of federal policy.  Sending amazons 25k jobs somewhere else doesn't solve that problem.
 Again, as a Marylander I didn't follow this closely (; they will now move jobs to our region which everyone here is excited about) but weren't the tax breaks credits on future income? Those tax credits r not cash so can't fund other things (or startups bc they don't make $)
 The next Amazon is not often started by an ex Amazon employee. That's why Silicon Valley has so many startups. An ecosystem gets created. That was one of the benefits as well.
Visiting my mom in NJ so reading stories about the Amazon deal that went away. A bad outcome for the region; I feel bad for the small businesses in Queens. As my late dad, a 60 yr union electrician would say "it's all about jobs." The Amazon deal was jobs ; Ds should be pro-jobs
40% of Americans can't cover a surprise expense of $400+. So while we might be able to say that the economy overall is doing fairly well, Americans are suffering under stagnating wages and the growing cost of living. We have to change this. 
The HQ2 bidding process was a bit unseemly, but rejecting 25,000 jobs, the tax revenues and entrepreneurial opportunities that flow from it, is not a good idea. 
FYA: My Twitter handle just changed. Please be sure to tag the new one
"John Delaney is the best candidate to stand up against Donald Trump, bring our country together, ; really get things done in Washington. We intend to caucus for him, ; we encourage fellow Democrats to look into his policies and hear him speak." —Joan Amos 
I drove 1,300 miles from my home town in Wood-Ridge, NJ → Detroit, MI → Davenport, IA → Des Moines, IA. The conversations I had and the stories I walked away with will stay with me forever.  Read about the recap here: 
But our problem right now is largely a political one. We need to be extremely wise about the policies we pursue because we are running out of time to act.
What's happening with CA's innovative railway plan illustrates my point about the Green New Deal, an incredibly ambitious plan that articulates priorities we should absolutely have...
 We're fired up and ready to go  for 🇺🇸
Our Constitution vests the power of the purse to Congress, not the President. We cannot allow the President to usurp the intent of our founding fathers ; use the power of the presidency to declare a national emergency for purely political purposes. 
The President’s use of an emergency declaration to fulfill a campaign promise is irresponsible and drenched in bad faith. There is no national emergency at our border.
 Thank you, Congressman Delaney for advocating for climate solutions that can actually be passed by Congr…
 This is the equivalent of giving the answer before even listening to the question. We don't solve problems with ideology.
 Before JFK announced a man on the moon before the end of the decade he consulted with scientists to make sure it was possible. The scientists, including Obama's secretary of energy, say GND's goals are not possible within 10 years. We have to get something big done on climate now
 ICYMI: on why he's running for President, "I'm a unifier, I'm a problem solver ; I have a very clear view as t…
Today is the 1st anniversary of the tragedy in Parkland. 17 lives were lost ; many more injured. While we mourn the innocent loss of life ; stand with the families whose lives were forever altered, we must also demand action ; accountability.  
 Carbon taxes work. This is not something that we have to guess about, we have evidence.
Let's get something big done on climate and let's get it done now.  My plan is a carbon tax (with dividend back to the American people), a 5x increase in DOE research funding and investing is sustainable infrastructure. This can get done.
 When JFK called for us to go to the moon he spent considerable time with scientists making sure we could do it in the time frame he proposed.
💪 
 Hi, you can find info about my plans and work on this issue here:  and here: 
 Hi Zachary, my plan is included here:  and here's some info about my work on this issue as a Congressman: 
The Green New Deal as it has been proposed is about as realistic as Trump saying that Mexico is going to pay for the wall. Let's focus on what's possible, not what's impossible.  
The GND is a step backwards in fighting climate change because its unrealistic goals and linkage to other unrelated policies will make it harder to do anything ; WE ARE RUNNING OUT OF TIME. A carbon tax can get done now ; should be the focus + 5x increase in DOE energy research.
I'm for universal healthcare as a right of every American, but supporting an idea that ends private insurance is bad policy (it will reduce quality and access) and it is bad politics (most people like their commercial insurance). I've got a better plan.
Arguing about whether a carbon tax is a progressive, centrist or conservative idea is a stupid waste of time. Who cares? The point is that it works, it will dramatically slow global warming and it can get done and become law. That's all that matters.
I'm the luckiest person in the world to be married to my amazing, intelligent and beautiful wife, April. The best thing that EVER happened to me was meeting her at Georgetown Law. Our four daughters are so lucky to have her as their mom. Happy  
 "it is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena" is a very decent person and a good public servant
Kind of sad.  
Started the day off with a pancake breakfast in Concord. Thank you to everyone who braved the snow and attended the meet and greet this morning!   
 Good interview w/ Presidential candidate who says he can get bipartisan carbon tax to 
 EARLIER: Former MD Rep. who is running for the Democratic presidential nomination, participated in the Portsmou…
The national debt has now eclipsed $22 trillion. Passing unsustainable debt to our children is reckless and immoral, and it will limit our ability to respond to future challenges. Tackling our national debt requires strong leadership and tough choices. 
 THURS| Democratic Presidential Candidate discusses his top issues for the 2020 electionJoin us at 8am! 
 Great turnout for in Andover despite the weather!! And Highland Lake Inn is gorgeous, Andover is a winter wo…
 There's a few seats still available for our event tonight at in Concord! Come listen to  presidential candidate
Centrist, moderate, pragmatic... It doesn't really matter to me what you call it. My campaign is about finding common ground so we can actually get things done. 
My campaign is about solving problems, focusing on the future and bringing the country together. So I’m a unifier, not a divider, a problem solver, not a goalpost mover. 
Going over a one lane bridge in beautiful and snowy New Hampshire. Will we and the plow be able to squeeze past each other???? 
Held a roundtable with climate activists in Portsmouth where 5000 homes are at risk due to the growing threat of climate change. The time to act is now.   
How about you and I make homemade sauce and we have a taste test 🍝? Video verification required   
We’re tired of the lies. We need a leader who bases policies on the facts, not campaign slogans. 
Happy 210th birthday to President Abraham Lincoln, a resolute and visionary leader who helped end slavery and preserved the Union. 
 chatting with some climate ; environment leaders and voters in Portsmouth this afternoon!  
Had a great time at ‘Politcs and Eggs’ this morning. Thank you for putting this together! I can confidently say that after signing a couple dozen eggs, I’ve perfected my egg-signing technique.   
In a world where an increasing percentage of the American people get their news from social media, the "person-to-person, kick the tires and figure out what's in a candidate's head and heart" role that Iowa and New Hampshire play has never been more important.
 presidential hopeful talked EPA reform at the coakley landfill superfund site with reports
Thank you for your support, Paula! 
 Speaking at "Politics ; Eggs" in Bedford, NH, says he favors a carbon tax over the  "I don't support…
 Trans Pacific Partnership, free trade  supporter says, at Politics/Eggs breakfast: "Isolationism and nationalism i…
The funding of basic research is the single best investment the government makes. I've called for a increase in NIH and DOE basic research budgets. 
Regarding defense contractors, I do think there is a difference because defense is a contract procurement business and healthcare is part of mandatory spending so the only way for gov't to manage costs is to reduce reimbursement rates.
Ezra, no surprise, but these are very intelligent questions. Thank you. I do think there is ample evidence that the government has historically underpaid relative to costs even recognizing that costs are hard to pin down. 
 Great to see so many Democrats out on a Monday night. Congrats on opening your office in Manchester 
 2020 Watch-NOW: Democratic presidential candidate - headlining 'Politics ; Eggs' in NH -calls for preside…
 Speaking at Politics ; Eggs in Bedford says the next President must work to unify the country: “How do we take thi…
 Pre-K thru 14 is the right investment.  in Bedford   
 2020 Watch-NOW: Democratic presidential candidate - a frequent visitor to NH - headlines 'Politics ; Eggs…
Thank you to everyone who came out to our office opening in Manchester!   
 Manchester came 👏 out 👏 to help team open our first NH office!  
Thx for giving me a tour of the Coakley Superfund site. Every American deserves access to clean water. The toxic pollutants found here seeped into the water in the Seacoast where there’s an alarming spike in pediatric cancers. This shouldn’t be a partisan issue. 
Spoke with on about the Green New Deal and why our focus should be on implementing a carbon tax. 
I agree with and  Representative Omar should apologize for the anti-Semitic nature of her comments.  
 This is great!  Congressman thank you for your support and endorsement!  Yours is the first official endor…
My view on border security: First, Congress should agree on a $ amount. Second, a group of nonpartisan experts (not politicians) should make recommendations as to how to best invest the $s. Third, Ds and Rs (including POTUS) should agree in advance to accept the recommendations
A good first step but MUCH more needs to be done. We need a comprehensive National AI Strategy that addresses work, national security, competitiveness, privacy and programming bias. It should be done by gov't+private sector+non profit sector.   
Lacy Gaga rocks Shallow (maybe a little too much Pat Benatar inspired, but whose complaining) an awesome song from the new Star Is Born movie (which itself is a fine remake to the earlier film by the amazing Streisand and  Kristofferson). Lots of talent in those 4 movies!
Maybe I'm a little old school, but Dolly Parton and Diana Ross did an amazing job tonight at Grammys.
Rest In Peace and may God Bless Walter Jones.  He served his country and constituents with dignity and integrity and he had an unwavering commitment to public service.   
If there is one thing that everyone should agree on is that a deal needs to be cut (which involves compromise) to keep the government open!   
Slavery was the most immoral thing our nation has ever done. The human degradation, brutality and depravity of it should not be minimized with other terminology that does not, in fact, carry the same meaning.   
I'm for higher taxes on high earners, through things like the Buffet Rule + rolling back GOP tax cuts, and I'm for making capitalism more just and inclusive, but I'm against demonizing the US private economy, which is the greatest innovation and job creation machine ever.
  says politicians should focus on what they actually do agree on, and get politics back to what it is meant t…
Please tell me your decision to capitalize "TRAIL" was not a reference to the terrible Native American removal policies that led to the horrific Trail of Tears? Anotherunpresidential tweet. 
Our solutions to these challenges in brief: tell the truth, embrace our historical values ; norms, find common ground and get things done, recommit to innovation, re-engage globally, advance liberty and democracy, lead with dignity, respect and a sense of unity and common purpose 
Our challenges in brief: massive deficits/debt here and around the world, a US that has withdrawn from world leadership, deep political divisions fueled by social media distorting the truth/facts, and a generation of struggling Americans for which the American Dream is vanishing.
 Great interview on with 2020 candidate for President. Lots of good insight, solutions, and common sense…
We need to put the era of rigid ideology and partisanship behind us and move to an era of pragmatic problem solving. The American people deserve solutions to the real problems they face, they don't need political theory.
 Former Maryland Congressman declared his candidacy in July 2017, but he says he started thinking about runnin…
To deal w/ global warming we need something big done ASAP (carbon tax) ; then massively increase energy research budget to innovate out of the problem. Time is of the essence ; we should not link climate w/ other priorities; it will only slow down progress 
 John Delaney has been running for president longer than any other Democrat   
 At Civil Liberties and the Presidency next Weds, we'll be talking to about all things civil rights. Our new sp…
May the great John Dingell Rest In Peace. He was an extraordinary man, public servant and patriot. One of the great privileges of my life was serving with him in the Congress. He, the amazing and his family are in our prayers. God Bless him.
There is an argument that the most important thing for us to be talking about is the impact of AI and automation on work, security, privacy and bias.  This is why I'm uniquely calling for a National AI Strategy,
There are bipartisan plans to fix the ACA, tax carbon, reform immigration, address digital privacy, combat opioids, lower drug prices and build infrastructure. These are some of things that will be in my first 100 day agenda and can get done. Wouldn't that be a huge step forward.
I owe my success in business and public service to grinding out the details and working harder than those around me. I would take that same determination to the White House. Listen to how my friend describes my work ethic:  
There are so many things that need to get done to help hardworking Americans that I just can't imagine how people can say that working together ; compromising to get things done is a bad approach. We have to stop talking about problems and we have to start solving them.
I'm laying out a better vision for the future of the United States through access to education, a reformed tax code that will help lower-income families, and a cost-effective, universal healthcare system. Read about it:  
Trump’s decision to allow payday lenders to prey on working families is wrong. 
IMO the right answer on climate is to do whatever big thing can get done ASAP. Time is of the essence on climate - we can't afford talk, we need action. That's why I support my bipartisan carbon tax-dividend proposal.  There is a path for it to become law ; it should be our focus
Look what popped in the Donna Crum's letter to the editor!  
These students understand something that many in Congress do not. We can find bipartisan solutions to all these issues. 
Vince Lombardi (a great coach + champion of social justice) said "Individual commitment to a group effort makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work." Today, too many people wake up just looking to pick a fight and undermine people in the other party.
 Problem is that the rest of the world free rides on us.  Folks in Germany and Spain pay 1/3 the price we do. Why? Because they set one price. The drug companies then raise it in US to make the margin they need to make to justify the innovation. It's actually a trade issue.
Just finished a great discussion Winter Innovation Summit about the importance of opportunity zones and pay-for-success programs.   
 Lisa Green Hall, Fran Seegull, Jim Sorenson and John Delaney announce a new initiative for measuring impact of opportunit…
 "We can solve every one of these problems but we’ve got to work together. As a government, as a nonprofit, as a privat…
 "I don't want to keep moving the goal posts on  I want to get something done right away," presidential…
April and I adore our good friends - and my former colleagues - John and Debbie Dingell, an amazing team with a singular commitment to public service. We want John to know that he is our thoughts and prayers and he has our deeest respect and admiration. 
Capitalism works best when we have a functioning government constantly updating education, healthcare, labor, environmental, retirement and fiscal policy to ensure that benefits are shared broadly and everyone has an opportunity. The later has been missing for a few decades.
I am very excited to hear counter the President's message of division. Dems have always been about big ideas and whether it's healthcare, jobs, or the environment, we continue to move the conversation forward. I'm proud to stand w/ Stacey.  
State of the Union should be more than a partisan pep rally 
As a party, we have to advance policies that work and policies that are based on the facts. If we don't, we'll lose credibility with the American people. 
 6'0"! Good luck to you and Brady on this assignment.
 Its called an option. You receive a universal plan or you have the option to buy a private plan/supplemental.
The State of the Union has become a political speech. It would be more useful if the President debated Congress every three months. There would be more substance, more transparency, more accountability to the facts. As President, that's what I'll do. 
 That is fundamentally not true. Facts matter.
The problem: "it [Medicare for All] would mean that the roughly 180 million Americans who have private insurance would see their plans canceled" - I'm running on something different: fix ACA ; then create a universal healthcare system that allows choices 
 No
As I travel ; talk to hard working Americans about their struggles it angers me that we have a political system that refuses to work together and solve obvious problems. We've allowed partisans to run the country and what we need is a "let's get things done" problem solver.
 To an extent but mass transit uses carbon. As do airplanes.
 If you raise the price on something it becomes less attractive and people will use it less of it. Carbon taxes work. It won't solve the problem alone, however. We need a 5x increase in energy research budget. Fossil fuels provide 80% of energy. We have to innovate off them.
 A carbon tax will work. And it can get done now. The rest is all talk.
 Hey Dermot, I'm running on is solving problems and improving people's lives. IMO I don't think it's right to use the great RFK's name to make a political point because his legacy is above that to my mind.
I'm for universal healthcare but not for taking away people's healthcare choices. I'm for fighting climate change with a carbon tax but not for unrealistic energy solutions. I'm for making capitalism more just and inclusive but nor for socialism. I'm for beating Trump ; governing
Team New Hampshire packs up the U-Haul to move into our new office in Manchester! 
 I'm 6'0"! Hope your class is going well.
We need to get back to talking to each other, not talking over each other. We'll be able to find common ground if we start there.  
Happy Birthday to the incomparable Rosa Parks. Her courageous action changed the course of American history and helped make our country a more equal place. Her example should inspire us to keep moving forward and keep fighting for equal rights for all.   
Emerson College Poll in Iowa: "Democratic caucus-goers agree, as 86% want a candidate who will work across the aisle, compared with 4% who supported a candidate who would be less likely to work with Republicans."
Let's make sure we stay focused on the importance of the need to also innovate our way out of climate change. With 80% of the world's energy currently derived from fossil fuels, we need transformative leaps in technology to get to the point where we are carbon free.
 My national service plan has 3 options: military service, paid community service, ; infrastructure apprenticeships, which would include projects like updating buildings to be green ; improving public parks. This would give young people skills ; mix young ppl from around the US
 Also I quite enjoyed your book 
 Hi Ken, I have a bipartisan plan to reform our healthcare system. Please take a look here: 
Someone should start a news channel dedicated to shining a spotlight on everyday heroes, politicians who try to bridge partisan divides to get things done ; on things we agree with each other on. I have a suspicion it might do pretty well because that is what most Americans want.
Public service that is entirely about politics and analyzing every development through the lens of a political victory or loss is fundamentally corrupt and contributes to a system that fails to advance the common good.
I grew up in a blue collar family ; became a successful entrepreneur but I never say I'm "self made" because of the sacrifices so many people made in my lifetime (and before) to give me the opportunities I've had. Lots of people helped me and made sacrifices for our way of life.
I have the only bipartisan carbon tax bill in the Congress; it taxes carbon ; gives all the $ back to the people. It will drastically cut carbon but we also need a 5X increase in energy research to drive innovation. 80% of energy comes from fossil fuels, we need new technologies.
Ok. WaPo "democracy dies in darkness" commercial about "knowing" is the winner so far.
53 yard field goal is a big kick in the 3Q of Super Bowl down 0-3!
Great commercial about veterans from Google. Reminder of the sacrifices a few make to keep many of us safe.
I am Senator, as you know from your great service to our nation, we are a center-left or center-right country (depending on the mood). If we want to win ; (importantly) govern, then we should be about solving problems, finding common ground ; unifying our nation 
Kia commercial about the pride in making the SUV in West Point GA was well done - underscores the dignity of work.
Loved the half time commercial with all of the retired NFL players - did you catch Franco Harris re-enacting the "Immaculate Reception?"
All 99 counties. 6 offices across the state. Over twenty staffers and we're just getting started. 365 days to  
Tough game so far. I must say, I became a Brady fan after reading this piece a few weeks ago.  
Thank you for inviting me to speak at the  Winter Convention! Listening to the next generation of leaders always leaves me hopeful and inspires me to never stop fighting for a brighter future. 
 9B long term debt plus ~13B of other liabilities. Starbucks is a great company - my point is that this is a complicated discussion and that a few numbers never tell the whole story of US fiscal health.
Starbucks had Revenues of ~$24.7 Billion and Total Liabilities of ~$23.8 Billion for a Debt to Sales ratio of 96%.  According to CBO The US Federal Debt to GDP ratio is ~80%.  While I think our fiscal trajectory is a problem, Mr. Schultz's former employer may have more leverage.
 Sorry, I meant it's a question for the senators who sponsored the bill. My sense is there would be lots of closures everywhere unless we materially increased Medicare reimbursement rates. In my prior life, I ran a company financing hospitals. IMO, lots would close.
 Canada is 1/10 the size of the US and Canadian govt plan pays more. Problem in US is Medicare rates are below cost. So it we make Medicare for all the system we also have to raise Medicare rates a lot.
 Answer: government targets Medicare reimbursement rates at below costs (meaning hospitals technically lose money on Medicare). As a result, hospitals raise rates on private insurers to cover costs
A question for the supporters of the Senate Medicare for All bill: currently, on average, hospitals receive ~200% of Medicare rates for inpatient services from commercial insurers. With elimination of private insurance under Medicare for All would many hospitals close?
 Simple. What's "right" is healthcare for all as a right. What's "wrong" is to take something away from the American people that they like.
 No they won't. They will be scared of losing the most important thing to them and their family - their healthcare - and going into some uncertain new government plan. Im with you on the goal - healthcare for all - let's be smart about it.
 We can't ignore the facts. Medicare for All as proposed will force tens of millions of people (maybe 100 million) to change their healthcare. Once they understand that, they will not vote for us. We need healthcare as a right in a way where people don't have to lose their plans.
 I'm for universal healthcare - giving everyone healthcare as a right. But if our plan to do that is the "Medicare for All" plan as proposed in Senate people will not like it once they understand it and we will lose the general election. The details matter.
This survey shows that "Medicare for All" as proposed in Senate will never happen and is a bad idea b/c most people will not want to change their plans. That's why my plan for universal healthcare built around giving people choices is a far better approach 
 ~75% of Americans like their healthcare and ~60% are satisfied with the cost.  What this means is that Medicare for All as proposed in Senate will never happen b/c people don't want to lose their healthcare. We should have universal healthcare but not force people to change plans
In some ways the "BIG NEW IDEA" of 2020 is not some new idea, but it's how someone takes a bunch of EXISTING GOOD IDEAS (double EITC, infrastructure, carbon tax, immigration reform, national service, digital privacy etc) AND GETS THEM DONE!
We are making our tax policy debate too complicated. IMO we should: (1) double the earned income tax credit (2) roll back tax cuts on high earners (3) put Buffet Rule in place and (4) do true corporate tax reform. This can get done, helps workers, is fair ; fiscally responsible.
 Ok. Since I'm sitting in an airport waiting to board flight, let's talk my friend. Better: food ; shops at airport, general airport space (more glass etc), WiFi on planes, fewer big delays. Worse: seat size, every flight is jammed full, random waits on runways, rare inflight food
Early in my biz career I was a road warrior traveling everywhere. As I built my company travel was more focused on a few places.  As a MD member of Congress, not much travel. Now, with 35+ trips to IA/NH + lots of other places, I'm back on the road. Airport food has gotten better
 are fired up! 
 Our final speaker of the day:
In the last several decades "market" forces were largely left un-checked and the outcomes were not good. In the next several decades will "computing power" and "AI" go largely un-checked? If so, those outcomes could be worse.  That's why I'm calling for a National AI strategy!
Quick interview with  before speaking at the Winter Convention.  
My statement on Gov. Ralph Northam: 
It was a pleasure to join on Check out our discussion on tonight at 7:30 and noon on Sunday.   
Honored to be a guest on the  with I spoke about my blue-collar background, business career, and why I'm running for President. Listen wherever you get podcasts.  
We had a great January. Campaign everywhere, talk to everyone, tell the truth. Proud of the grassroots organization we're building in Iowa. Sign up here to stay connected:  
We honor the monumental contributions of the trailblazers who came before us in the struggle for justice. We pay tribute to the courageous Americans who spoke uncomfortable truths ; refused to back down in the face of adversity. Full statement:   
We're putting in the work, listening to caucus-goers and talking about solutions. Excited to have our office opened in Sioux City. 
We had a great turnout at our town hall in Denison today. No screened questions, open invitations to the public. That's how I am running my campaign for President. The American people deserve authenticity and honest answers.  
 His grandparents were immigrants; his father a union electrician. And he became a wildly successful entrepreneur  at an e…
Great way to spend my afternoon, touring in Jefferson, IA. Businesses like these are incredibly important to rural communities, and as President, I will build an economy where they can thrive.  
Even with all the negativity and ugliness we see so often in the news, there are still a lot of people in this country making a difference and helping others. 
 It’s currently 3 degrees (actual temp, not wind chill) in Sioux City, and seems to have a good crowd out…
Getting supporters to leave their house and come to office openings in sub-zero temperatures is no small feat. We’re proud of the work we’re doing and proud to offer Iowans an alternative to the status quo. 
This is hard to stomach coming from someone who willfully (practically gleefully) blocked a Supreme Court nomination hearing for a year. Making it easier for working people to vote isn't a power grab, it's democracy.  
Join us for another Facebook Live from the road at Noon EST.
Heading out for another great (but cold) day in Iowa. Yesterday was reaffirming of my view that most people want some faith in their government and their leaders again and to believe that we can be a more unified nation.
The EITC is one of the best anti-poverty programs we have and expanding it is a big part of my platform.
It was great to see again tonight. I admired his spirited run against Excited about J.D.'s new venture to combat poverty in rural Iowa by promoting the Earned Income Tax Credit.  
Congratulations to and his family, who deserve all the praise they get. 
Thanks to for coming out on this chilly evening for our office opening in Sioux City. My campaign is about bringing the country together ; bringing opportunities back to communities in every zip code. It starts in Western Iowa!  
We need universal health care, but the Senate’s Medicare for All bill is not the right answer. 
Excited to open our Council Bluffs office today!   
Happy Birthday, President Roosevelt! You guided our nation through WW2, lifted us out of the Great Depression and stood up for workers and those left behind. Millions of people are Democrats because of your legacy.  
John on Living Our Ideals... 
What a great way to kick off this Iowa trip with a stop in Mills County. We had a great crowd despite the frigid temperatures. I hope everyone stays safe today. We are off to open up our office in Council Bluffs. We hope to see you in our new office soon! 
Thank you to everyone who came out today to brave the weather in Mills County. I'm honored to have the support of Donna Crum, the Mills County Democrats chair!  
President Trump has time ; time again shown the world how misinformed his understanding of global warming is. We need a President who understands how serious a challenge this will be, not only for us in our lifetime but for our children ; their children.
Landing in Omaha and headed over to Council Bluffs Office Opening opening. Minus 9 degrees according to pilot. 
Off to Iowa! Perfect morning in Maryland today but oddly my kids didn't have school because of 2 inches of snow that ended yesterday at 6pm!  My 11 year old thought it was a wise decision by the schools. 😀 
 Yes.
 I didn't say we can't afford universal healthcare - in some ways we can't afford not to have it - I said the Medicare for All bill in the senate doesn't have a realistic pay for and it's not structured in the most fiscally responsible way.
I'm for universal healthcare - a system that ensures healthcare as a right for every American  - but the current Medicare for All Senate plan doesn't work. Can't pay for it, people want choices, it makes private healthcare plans illegal ; IMO it will diminish quality ; access.
A timely summary of how under my plan everyone gets healthcare as a right AND you can still choose your own private plan AND I have a plan to pay for it. They said it couldn't be done! I guess you have to care about the details, not just about politics.  
Voters want real progress and that can't happen if politicians continue making partisan promises. My presidency would be about representing everyone, regardless of if they voted for me or not.  
 Former Maryland congressman and presidential candidate John Delaney earned endorsements from three Democratic Party county ch…
John on Protecting Our  
Trump is incompetent.  We need a competent leader in the WH who manages our country without drama, knows how the Federal Government works, works with people to find common ground and gets things things done and who puts the country ahead of politics.  
Things that can easily get done with smart policies ; by finding common ground: build infrastructure, ensure digital privacy, lower drug costs, put a price on carbon, fund PreK, create national service, expand EITC, tackle opioid crisis, fund research, strengthen social security.
Even beyond making sure every American has a job, we must ensure every American can provide a high quality of life for their family by enabling them to participate in a 21st-Century economy.  
The real point from this speculation is that our nominee should be a big tent candidate (welcoming liberals, moderates, independents ; disaffected Rs) ; should appeal to the centrist majority of the country. Then no space for someone like Schultz to run 
I believe that new  will also create new jobs, but we have to make sure that workers will be able to do them and we have to make sure that the new industries of the future don’t just benefit the tech hubs that are already flourishing.  
I believe that my Universal Healthcare plan will be more accepted than Medicare for All ; this report from Kaiser Family Foundation supports that view. When people realize that Medicare for All will eliminate private plans and cause taxes to go up it loses significant support 
Spoke with on on why the nation is ready for a unifier. Check out the full interview here:  
Schultz is wrong about Democratic Presidential candidates. Not all of us support fiscally implausible paths for healthcare. Voters aren’t there either. Pew last week: majority of Dem voters prefer fixing ACA over single payer.
w/ other countries to provide significant humanitarian assistance that gets to the Venezuelan people. Absent protecting US citizens, I don't support military intervention in this transition; the Venezuelan people must demand true democracy and decide on their own future
After years of corrupt ; failed authoritarian socialist regimes, Venezuela is a humanitarian crisis w/ millions of refugees ; economic ruin. I support the emerging leadership in the country and the US should provide strong regional leadership in transition ; aggressivelywork...
It's obvious. If we nominate someone w/ extreme positions that don't reflect the majority of Americans, then people like Schultz will run b/c they see an opportunity in the center with moderates. If that happens, Trump wins.  We need a big tent candidate. 
Our country needs to be unified, not divided. We need to work together to solve problems, not fight among ourselves. We need moderation, not extremism.  We need to focus on the future, not the past. We need to be one unified America building a better future together.
Today we remember the millions killed during the Holocaust. We must always be vigilant against hatred ; anti-Semitism. To say "never again" we have to remember the horror of what happened bc the forces of denialism are on the rise.  
I can't say if this technology is specifically the right answer, but I am certain we need a transformative increase in investment in energy science innovation to deal with climate change.  I have called for a 5x increase in the DOE basic research budget.  
As we consider the horrible suffering federal workers experienced from this embarrassing shutdown let's remember our need to build a future where things like this or the GM shutdown in Lordestown, OH don't happen (and if they do, that we have a plan). Workers matter.
If we want to make things better, we have to be honest/objective about the implications of otherwise well intentioned policies. One of the reasons (not the only one)  we have an affordable housing crisis in so many communities is because of efforts to limit development and growth
 is going to completely reshape our economy and we're not ready for it. We need a national AI strategy to make sure that workers benefit. 
Speaking in Des Moines at the  on the challenges facing the rural economy. Trade wars don't work and American farmers need a government that understands that. 
 I'm making a slightly different point. Our share of global gdp has gone down because of the fast rise of China, India etc. But our influence didn't go down. Why? Because we continued to engage diplomatically in a variety of ways. Trump is reversing that.
I'm so happy the government is open. Period. And there is no wall money, but there is no permanent status or pathway to citizenship for 1.8 Million dreamers either.
As U.S. share of the global economy shrunk we remained the key global player b/c we were engaged in the world. Trump's plan is to make us less relevant in global issues, which will lead our stature to shrink to match our smaller economic share. That's a terrible outcome for us
 I think that a big problem but not sure most voters do, particularly the half of the country that can't handle a $500 surprise expense. They are worried about getting thru the day.
What matters to real people: Are their kids safe, healthy ; how are they doing in school? How good is their job? Can they pay their bills and retire? Do they have healthcare? How to handle a mental health issue? Let's focus on the issues that matter to people, not politicians.
Businesses rely on data to make good decisions. The might rely on his "gut" but the rest of the private sector relies on reports, facts, and numbers from government analyses. Who do you think gets it right more often? 
John Delaney is becoming a regular figure in New Hampshire. Read about the lasting impression he just left in Nashua.  
Democrats have to campaign everywhere and fight for everyone, including rural America. Read my Op-Ed about bringing opportunity back to places that have been left behind.  
If you fail to prepare, prepare to fail. This new report from says 75% of the cost of reskilling workers will need to be done by the government. We have to act now to be ready for the economy of the future. 
As President, I can confidently promise that I would never shut the government down. At the end of the day, the buck stops with the President of the United States. President Trump must reopen the government and end this embarrassing, dangerous, and unnecessary shutdown.
Every day, almost two-million Americans board flights across the United States. The risk posed by failing to adequately staff airports as a result of the shutdown puts the lives of these Americans at risk and threatens our national security. This is wholly unacceptable.
The grounding of flights at LaGuardia Airport and related delays at other major airports, due to staffing issues, is another example of the real world consequences related to the President’s selfish shutdown of our government. 
We've always been a global leader in democracy but Trump's praise for foreign dictators ; alienation of our allies is inspiring political bullies worldwide. We need a leader who will return dignity ; decency to the WH ; reaffirm our standing in the world. 
 You are correct. We should do that. I think if we had been doing it the min wage would be about 12 today.
 Not attacking anyone, just solution focused. And those are not new things I actually have a legislative track record on them. I'd focus on my bipartisan carbon tax bill, that's a real roadmap as to how to actually get things done. Most climate bills have just Dem sponsors.
I'm for raising the min wage and have cosponsored the $15/hr bill. But that's not enough - most Americans want to make more than min wage and you can't raise it to the level they need. We need better jobs in more places, expanded EITC, better education outcomes ; worker training.
 You must have missed this 
When you're willing to waste the money you're asking for just as easily as spend it on your (useless) project, you're not a real dealmaker. 
Global migration is a central challenge for the world. The answer is not nationalism or isolationism, but engagement and solutions. Between climate, job disruption driven by technology ; corrupt and cruel leaders, Central America, Venezuela, Syria will not be isolated incidents.
My climate plan: implement a carbon tax-dividend (like my bipartisan legislation); 4-5 fold increase in DOE research budget (to innovate our way out of the problem); and continued renewables incentives. Big ideas, with real plans, that can actually get done!
This is both the correct set of helpful measures and the right tone at the top regarding the private sector response to shutdown. I'm glad JPMorgan and other businesses are stepping forward to help workers.  
Example of a program that could be created in National Service is a program for high school grads to provide technology training/support for seniors. It would help our seniors connect, young adults could get certifications ; creates intergenerational unity. Check out
The Vice President is right and I applaud for standing up to the view that "bipartisanship" is not a dirty word. You can be principled and seek compromise to get things done. In fact, it's the only way to make real progress  
Not good enough to talk about climate, serious 2020 candidates have to tell voters WHAT they will do to combat this huge threat and, as important, HOW they can get it DONE. We are running out of time on this issue.  An actionable plan, not a wish list, is needed.
Venezuela is an utter catastrophe after decades of failed leadership. The US should join with allies to work with the National Assembly and provide relief to the Venezuelan people while also supporting Mr. Guaidó.   
This is a cruel shift in policy. Those seeking asylum are not illegal immigrants, they have a right to make a claim under our laws. April and I took 14 law students to border a few weeks ago to help asylum seekers; they are fleeing harrowing conditions.  
Serve your community. Raise a family. Give back. Create a job. Help others.  Show kindness.  Build something. Lift up, don't tear down. These are the aspirations that lead to a moral and productive society.  Worthy goals for everyone to have.
If wanting to do big things to help working families and build a better future BUT also caring about how we actually get them done and find common ground makes me a "moderate" then bring it on! The time for talk is over; it is time for action and real progress.
A good summary of my tax plan and how I actually plan to pay for things. That's right, I said "pay for things." How novel!  I guess I care about the world I leave my kids and your kids! 
Earlier this month, I drove my dad's pickup from my home state of New Jersey to Michigan to Iowa. Here are some highlights from the trip.  
When will Congress get their next clue on a REAL deal to reopen the government? Where in the world is in all this?   
 Here's what the corporate tax plan looks like for 2020 Presidential candidate John Delaney  via
The commerce secretary should go down to  and give food to federal workers like I did yesterday. He would quickly realize there aren't many Gucci loafers waiting in line.  
 Rep. John Delaney at Jose Andres’ pop-up for furloughed workers  
 Hi Lara, my last day as a Congressman was Jan 3. As a member of Congress, I was always proud to support our service men and women and sponsored many bills on their behalf.
I have called for a National AI Strategy addressing jobs, national security, privacy ; programming bias. This is materially more important than debating a wall at the border. AI is the most important force driving our future ; no one cares. What happened? 
Great to volunteer and feed federal workers at with my former colleagues  and It was also great to see my good friend and to thank him for the heroic work he does feeding people in need everywhere. God bless him. 
Families can't run their households, businesses can't run their operations, armies can't manage their troops and teachers can't run their classrooms the way our Federal government is currently being managed. It's embarrassing - the American people deserve real leaders.
The "exhausted majority" of the American people want us to solve problems. They don't like partisanship.  Let's open the government with a deal that provides permanent status to Dreamers as part of border security, which could include money for a barrier.
 I have long supported Israel ; value the friendship ; cooperation btw our 2 nations. While I don't have a problem w/ the US embassy in Jerusalem, I disagree with the manner of Trump’s decision ; with his additional decisions that undermine the pursuit of a 2-state solution.
 I support universal background checks and in Congress cosponsored the Assault Weapons Ban Act.
 I believe trade is critical in growing the economy and that strong trade deals can be mutually beneficial. While I did not support Brexit, as President I would pursue a trade agenda that provides opportunities to American businesses throughout Europe.
 I am a strong believer in workers' rights and I oppose age discrimination. In fact, when older workers stay on the job they perform well and society benefits.
 Yes, I support the SAFE Act and as Congressman, I cosponsored the bill.
 Yes, I support the SAFE Act and as Congressman, I cosponsored the bill.
Technology/social media have changed our political discourse, for the good and for the bad.  It has increased transparency and information (good) but it has made the truth more elusive (bad). Our next President needs to lead us on handling this for the broader common good.
Candidiates should pursue big ideas but they should moderate to get them done. "A goal without a plan is just a wish" is a true statement. We don't need to wish for a better future, we need a plan to make it happen.
Just said in an interview something I truly believe "candidiates should tell the American people how they plan to pay for their ideas." Otherwise they are empty promises.
Let's overcome rigid ideology in politics. It prevents people from considering (or even listening to) opposing views and leads people to devalue each other's perspective. It has caused us to lose respect for the value of principled compromise, which is required for real progress.
Forty six years after Roe, women's access to health care and their reproductive rights are still under threat. We need a White House that won't turn back the clock.  
The argument being used to justify the banning of transgender members in our military is the same argument that was used to fight integration. It was wrong then ; it is wrong now. Today’s ruling reaffirms the point: as long as Trump is in the White House, LGBT rights are at risk.
Our country deserves a Commander-in-Chief ; a White House that is committed to equality. The President’s decision to ban transgender members of our military abandons our sacred national principles of equality ; fairness. 
 Join us at 3PM (either at the IOP House or via our livestream) as we welcome to discuss his vision for the…
Why I'm running: To restore unity ; common purpose to our nation, to find common ground and get things done to solve problems facing hardworking Americans and their kids, to advance innovative ideas to build a better future and to bring back honesty ; moral aspiration to politics
reaffirmed our commitment to perfecting our union. While we have made progress in moving the country forward, actions such as renewing the Voting Rights Act would be a strong step towards fulfilling King's dream.  May Dr. King's courage ; vision continue to inspire us.
As Americans pause to celebrate the life ; legacy of Dr. King, may we never forget his enduring efforts to unite our country and speak truth to power. Dr. King's dedication to social justice ; economic fairness strengthened the nation during a time of crisis ;... 
Accurate statement from :  "An "exhausted majority" that comprises two-thirds of Americans dislikes polarization and wants their elected officials to find common ground."
 No one in the Congress has worked harder on climate than I have, but I also realize that if you are food insecure, or poor, or if you have a child that has died of an opioid overdosed then climate is not your number one issue. Getting thru the day is. Walk in their shoes.
Broken politics prevented us from responding w/ programs to help the middle class such as infrastructure, expanded EITC, apprenticeships, etc.  As a result, central banks had no choice but to cut rates to zero to deal w/ unemployment ; the rich got richer. 
 I agree we should completely reject his current offer and get republicans to put a permanent dreamer bill on the table with a path to citizenship. Then we can talk.
Had a great trip to NH and got the last flight to take off out of Boston before big storm. Hope everyone is safe with all the snow. Now I'm home and charged with taking down the outdoor holiday decorations, which we've been too busy to take down! Getting cold out! 
 It is morally correct to save 1.8 million people from deportation ; it is not morally correct to refuse to negotiate over politics when lives are at stake. I went to the border two weeks ago to help process asylum cases - I recommend it, it provides moral clarity
The loudest voices shouldn't control our country, the majority should. A significant majority would favor a deal that gives permanent status to 1.8 million dreamers with a pathway to citizenship in exchange for more money for border security, including money for a barrier.  Do it
Tens of millions of Americans have food insecurity, 500k are homeless each night ; over 100 die each day from opioid overdose. Huge parts of our country are hollowed out economically ; 1 in 5 kids live in poverty.  The time for politics as usual is over; let's tackle real issues.
There needs to be accountability and real change - a new study links aggressive marketing of prescription opioids to significant increase in overdoses.  
No better way to wrap up a New Hampshire trip then a packed room and enjoying some delicious cookies! Thank you to for hosting   
Thank you for hosting and for the wonderful cookies! 
Fantastic meet-and-greet event in Hanover today! Can’t wait to be back   
Trump's offer does not meet the standard I described and should be rejected. We should push Republicans to push the President to get to permanent status and pathway to citizenship (and open the government while it is negotiated). 
House party in beautiful (and snowy) NH! 
LIMITED barrier funding for some form of DACA/Dreamers/immigration reform is deal Dems should consider. Must be PERMANENT protections for the 1.8 Million people that did nothing wrong ; include path to citizenship. Negotiation isn't a bad if u get something BIG. Use our leverage
View from my room this AM. There is a great hotel in Manchester NH that sits in the outfield of a beautiful minor league ballpark. Very cool. 
Thank you for a great night and a special thanks to for hosting!   
Thank you to and for stepping up and helping out federal employees when Congress and are failing them. 
 I’ll be at the Women’s March tomorrow in Concord
We are headed into what will be the fifth week of the government shutdown and Mitch McConnell is nowhere to be found to open the government. If you have any information about the whereabouts of this missing person, please let Congress know. 
 2020 Watch: On  report, declared Democratic candidate -in NH- tells “if…
A carbon tax will change behavior, spur innovation in clean energy, ; produce dividends that can be returned to people. There's bipartisan support for this approach ; it's encouraging to see many of the world’s leading economists unite behind this idea. 
Just landed in Manchester, NH for my two-day swing through the state. Starting the trip with a quick interview with Be on the lookout for Facebook Lives from the road!   
As AG nominee Barr said, instructing an individual to perjure themselves is obstruction of justice. If Mueller has evidence that Trump instructed Cohen to lie to Congress, Mueller must disclose that immediately, even in advance of his final report, so Congress can act.
Wouldn't it be amazing if after the next US President were elected, they immediately started working for everyone no matter who they voted for? That's what my first 100 days will be about.
  Former Rep. John Delaney, D-MD, 6th  announced very early, and did not run for re-election, to run for Pre…
Cancelled SOTU speech is met with a grounding of Speaker Pelosi's military plane. This embarrassing situation and back and forth between POTUS and the Speaker is not what our people deserve.
From Monday's luncheon, where April was hosted by an incredible group of Iowans! 
President Trump has manufactured a nonexistent crisis at the border and now he wants to declare a state of emergency. These are some of the real emergencies facing America. 
Gun violence in America is a real emergency and we have the power to save lives. Donate $5 today to move us closer to common-sense gun safety legislation.  
Gun violence in America is a real emergency and we have the power to save lives. Donate $3 today to move us closer to common-sense gun safety legislation.  
97% of Americans support universal background checks, we just need the right leadership to get it done. Help me enact common-sense gun safety legislation. Donate $5 today.  
Monday was our 1st day in our new Des Moines office ; Laura was the first volunteer in for a shift in the new space! Laura came on board with us at the IA Steak Fry. She is joined by one of our new organizers in Des Moines, Isa. 383 days until   
97% of Americans support universal background checks, we just need the right leadership to get it done. Help me enact common-sense gun safety legislation. Donate $5 today.  
The Pentagon says climate change is an “immediate risk” to our national security. Let’s focus on the real issues we face. Donate $5 today.  
Healthcare is a basic human right and I have a plan to give every American healthcare. Can you donate $3 to support universal healthcare?  
Gerrymandering has crippled our Democracy, but when I’m elected president I’ll end it. Donate $5 to help me get to the White House and end Gerrymandering.  
I have a plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 91% by 2050, but we have to act now. Donate $3 today!  
The First Step Act was a start, but we have so much more to do to reform our immoral criminal justice system. This will be a priority in my White House. Donate $5 to help me get there.  
Gerrymandering has crippled our Democracy. Time to end it once and for all.  
97% of Americans support universal background checks, we just need the right leadership to get it done. Help me enact common-sense gun safety legislation. Donate $5 today.  
President Trump’s inability to lead the country is hurting real people. Help me stop him in 2020 by donating $3 today.  
President Trump’s inability to lead the country is hurting real people. Help me stop him in 2020 by donating $5 today.  
Healthcare is a basic human right and I have a plan to give every American healthcare. Can you donate $3 to support universal healthcare?  
The Pentagon says climate change is an “immediate risk” to our national security. Let’s focus on the real issues we face. Donate $3 today.  
Healthcare is a basic human right and I have a plan to give every American healthcare. Can you donate $5 to support universal healthcare?  
The First Step Act was a start, but we have so much more to do to reform our immoral criminal justice system. Donate $5 to help push reform forward.  
Gerrymandering has crippled our Democracy, but when I’m elected president I’ll end it. Donate $3 to help me get to the White House and end Gerrymandering.  
Gun violence in America is a real emergency and we have the power to save lives. Donate $5 today to move us closer to common-sense gun safety legislation.  
The First Step Act was a start, but we have so much more to do to reform our immoral criminal justice system. Donate $3 to help push reform forward.  
I have a plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 91% by 2050, but we have to act now. Donate $3 today!  
Healthcare is a basic human right and I have a plan to give every American healthcare. Can you donate $5 to support universal healthcare?  
Gerrymandering has crippled our Democracy. Time to end it once and for all.  
The First Step Act was a start, but we have so much more to do to reform our immoral criminal justice system. This will be a priority in my White House. Donate $5 to help me get there.  
97% of Americans support universal background checks, we just need the right leadership to get it done. Help me enact common-sense gun safety legislation. Donate $3 today.  
Gerrymandering has crippled our Democracy, but when I’m elected president I’ll end it. Donate $5 to help me get to the White House and end Gerrymandering.  
Healthcare is a basic human right and I have a plan to give every American healthcare. Can you donate $3 to support universal healthcare?  
Gun violence in America is a real emergency and we have the power to save lives. Donate $3 today to move us closer to common-sense gun safety legislation.  
I have a plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 91% by 2050, but we have to act now. Donate $5 today!  
The Pentagon says climate change is an “immediate risk” to our national security. Let’s focus on the real issues we face. Donate $5 today.  
President Trump’s inability to lead the country is hurting real people. Help me stop him in 2020 by donating $3 today.  
Gerrymandering has crippled our Democracy. Time to end it once and for all.  
The First Step Act was a start, but we have so much more to do to reform our immoral criminal justice system. This will be a priority in my White House. Donate $3 to help me get there.  
97% of Americans support universal background checks, we just need the right leadership to get it done. Help me enact common-sense gun safety legislation. Donate $5 today.  
97% of Americans support universal background checks, we just need the right leadership to get it done. Help me enact common-sense gun safety legislation. Donate $5 today.  
Healthcare is a basic human right and I have a plan to give every American healthcare. Can you donate $3 to support universal healthcare?  
For this exact reason, I started the AI Caucus in Congress. It's unacceptable to have members making policy who don't fully understand the technology-driven future we are headed toward. Retweet if you agree we must be proactive about this issue.
Filibuster rules weakened, House seats gerrymandered, unlimited money in politics, Merrick Garland doesn't get a vote, longest shutdown ever, now no SOTU speech....we have to change course on decades of destructive politics destroying a functioning democracy.
Speaking of the SOTU speech, as President I propose debating the Congress 4x a year on national television. 1/2 the debate will be one issue, 1/2 will be open questions. It will help the American people find the truth in our often dishonest politics.
This is an embarrassment.  A President should never shut down the government and a Commander in Chief should never let someone defending our nation be treated like this.  
I was on to talk with about my campaign and a whole host of topics. Here's a clip, and you can check out the whole interview:  
Good quote from an Iowan "Delaney is a moderate with progressive policies."  I agree
 Smoothie.
 I make it every morning I'm home!
 The moderate position is to make progress on big things and get things done. The cost of doing nothing is not nothing.
I'm all for a GND generally but it should have a carbon tax as the centerpiece. It will change behavior fastest and I've proven it can be bipartisan! Considering the huge risk of climate change, why walk away from an approach that's getting traction???  
Based on how handles Trump, I would describe this as a very accurate statement! 
I was just asked: "is being more moderate a problem in the Dem primary?" I said "no, it's an advantage. The country is looking for someone to solve problems, bring new ideas that can get done, focus on jobs ; unify the nation. The fact that I'm more moderate lines up with nation.
  has a Brexit statement: "the answer to globalization isn’t to turn inward or to play into the politics of f…
 Democratic presidential candidate weighs in on  failure, likens it to Trump ; "politics of fear." Delaney w…
Two options for 2020: vote for someone based on their ideas, plans, accomplishments. Or vote for someone on how well they cook bfast for their kids (see below), shovel snow (yesterday) or engage in any number of other daily activities! 
Perfectly said. "The democrat who emerges atop the field will be the person who can convincingly demonstrate how he or she can make government work again for the people" AND  "the greatest weakness would be a candidate that's skews the party so far left" 
The shutdown and the deep divide between Democrats and Republicans on immigration reinforces the need for comprehensive immigration reform. Only through a big deal on immigration that includes visa reforms, pathway to citizenship, border security ; DACA can we heal this divide
Brexit reminds us of the need to make capitalism more just, ensure that we have equality of opportunity for all of our citizens and take care of those left behind by rapid change. Addressing these challenges is central to my campaign.
Brexit wasn't honestly sold to voters. Leaving the EU will hurt UK citizens but staying is not an option after a referendum, (w/o a second). The Brexit chaos shows that the answer to globalization isn’t isolationism but to make capitalism more just ; invest in areas left behind.
Instead of appealing to our better angels, the Congressman has repeatedly espoused divisive, xenophobic, and blatantly racist language. Republicans in Washington can no longer turn a blind eye to his behavior. It's time for Steve King to go.
Serving as a member of Congress is a unique honor and Steve King’s comments regarding racism and white supremacy are disqualifying on their face. King is unfit for office and has no place in our political body or our national discourse. 
 Had great fortune of spending time today w who graciously gave me advice on thinking big and how I can b…
 - new national serrvice program- bipartisan bills in 1st 100 days- debates between President + Congress- 'President's…
As President I will solve problems, build consensus, work to build a better future and lead us with dignity, compassion, competence, strength and restraint.  We will have results, not drama. The only losers may be the ratings of the cable news shows! Can't win 'em all.
Interesting that some of Trump's advisers think shutdown shrinks government. Another example of how wrong these people are. It costs between $12-20 Million more an HOUR to run gov't during shutdown - it's MORE expensive to run a closed government.  
Well said. We need problem solvers in Government. We should be solving the problem of the Dreamers and DACA as part of this shutdown negotiation.   
I will beat Trump because I'm pragmatic, a problem solver, I have plans for the future, I know how to bring people together and I understand the economy.  That's what the country is looking for and Trump is none of those things.
I'm the person running for President to solve problems, get things done, make the future better and encourage service, citizenship and deceny. If you are looking for someone to keep talking about our problems or push the partisanship envelop, I'm not your person.
Just got this - even in the mountains of Peru they are following our campaign! 
Tech addiction is a BIG problem for young people ; it’s not getting the attention it deserves. We know so little about the effects of tech addiction ; need a plan to better understand it. That's why I introduced the Children ; Media Research Advance Act. 
Most savvy shoppers know what they'll spend on an item they need. Finding for medical goods and services shouldn't be any different. Americans must be able to make informed decisions about the quality ; cost of care. This is a step in the right direction. 
We need a big, new national service program for America’s youth. Every young person should have the option to serve their country in a rewarding way. Learn more about my plan and how it's going to help heal our terribly divided nation here:
  fields question on 2nd Amendment  
 Going on right now in  speaking to a packed room and taking questions from over 50 people at his of…
When I say we need to do things out of a sense of moral aspiration, I'm talking about confronting hunger, homelessness and other conditions in our country that degrade human dignity.  
 While Elizabeth Warren was kicking the tires, former congressman  had already visited Iowa’s 99 counties.…
 2020 Watch-NEW: Former congressman from Maryland will headline 'Politics ; Eggs' on Feb. 12 at the Bedfor…
 In Des Moines, April Delaney, director of Common Sense Media and wife, is speaking about herself and he…
Candidiates who win "purple" House ; Senate seats run on big ideas, working together to solve real problems (jobs, pay, healthcare, education) facing Americans and on restoring a sense of decency to politics.  For the Presidential race, the US is effectively a giant "purple" seat
This is my approach for treating hardworking Americans! 
On I explained how we can solve real problems facing hardworking Americans, work together to get big things done to build a better future, and return a sense of common purpose and moral aspiration to our politics.  
The Post will be just fine and is in very good hands. The far more important focus is on getting our country "placed in better ; more responsible hands" (my administration) on Inauguration Day 2021! 
Today on I stressed the need for us to return to sense of "moral aspiration" in our politics and start doing things out of a sense of human dignity and justice.
 2020 Democratic presidential candidate John Delaney: "What the American people are really looking for is a leader to try t…
Another office opening today.! Thanks for the great crowd who braved the snow to open the Des Moines office!  
I’ll be on “This Week” with tomorrow. Make sure you tune in! 
Looking forward to it! 
Great to see Rep. ; at my Des Moines office opening this afternoon!  
Day 4 Iowa road trip - caucus weather! 
Just finished up my 2030 presentation in Davenport. Tonight, someone asked me if I was prepared to eviscerate Trump during a debate. I responded, ABSOLUTELY! 
We need more chairs in Davenport ASAP!   
John on Innovation... 
"Hey Siri, shuffle Bruce Springsteen." 
Like I said in my livestream, the BEST part about this presidential campaign is meeting incredible people on the trail. Thank you for talking with me and sharing a meal. 
 this is unacceptable. Give up on your pointless wall and work with Democrats to reopen the government. Hundreds of thousands of hardworking Americans didn't receive their paychecks. There are human consequences for your inaction.
This is William Striffler’s paycheck. He’s an air traffic controller from New Jersey who worked 64 hours during this pay period. He said he’s had to dip into savings to make ends meet for him and his pregnant wife. 
Recent decisions have led us closer to making our society more just—whether in the context of criminal justice reform, or overcoming systemic racism, sexism, or xenophobia. We must come together and begin to rid ourselves of the worst parts of our society. 
  laying out his vision for President in Tipton this morning.  
  been doing a lot of FB Live videos during his drive out to Iowa past two days. Been some fun ones that…
 
The real problem w/ drug pricing is how the other wealthy nations "free ride" on the US. Those countries cap drug prices and Pharma is forced to raise prices in US to pay for innovation and production. We pay 3x+ what they pay! This should be a trade issue 
Kicking off the day in Iowa this morning at the Sunrise Cafe in DeWitt. Listening to people in the communities where they work ; live is one of the best parts of running for President.  
Story about our roundtable in Detroit w/ great entrepreneurs sponsored by the Entrepreneurs of Color Fund. As a former entrepreneur, I'm committed to unleashing the power of entrepreneurs in urban ; rural communities across the US and have a plan to do it! 
According to the Federal Reserve, half of our citizens can't afford a $500 surprise expense. Half. Today 800,000 federal workers miss a paycheck and it will cause real hardship for many of them. Is it really worth it
Kinda like when the "Barney" song made it to the top of the charts.  
Let's remember that Nancy Pelosi, Kevin McCarthy, Mitch McConnell, and Chuck Schumer can cut their own deal to reopen the government, do immigration reform, and fund border security AND deliver enough votes so that Trump doesn't matter. But that would take leadership in Congress.
Made it to Iowa. 860 miles in two days. 
On the entrepreneur's roundtable with the Detroit Development Fund 
WRONG. WRONG. WRONG. Not allowing the government to negotiate pharmaceutical prices is a wealth transfer from tax payers to the shareholders of drug companies.  
It's utterly ridiculous that one of the largest purchasers of medications on the planet, the US Government, cannot negotiate prices for the drugs it buys. That's like if Walmart couldn't negotiate with its suppliers.
We should be making policy decisions based on facts, data, strategic planning and analysis, not someone's "gut." And it certainly shouldn't be gut, which has bankrupted companies 6 times and lead our country down this dark path. 
Thank you, ; for their wonderful work at the border. April and I are so proud to have supported this terrific group. We must not forget our humanity ; remember that immigrants are just seeking a better life for their children.  
This terrible government shutdown only delays progress against the haunting failures of the last several decades. So many Americans continue to fall behind based on change and all they get out of Washington is fighting.
One way state governments or financial institutions could help federal workers is to provide an interest free advance on the net amount of pay they will not receive tomorrow to be repaid when they ultimately get paid.
Getting close. 
I’ll be hopping on Facebook Live again in a little bit to answer some more questions - keep them coming! Remember to tag  
Really good discussion in Detroit with minority entrepreneurs about the great work they're doing, the insights they have and the challenges they face. Our economy is stronger and fairer when we expand access to capital and have thriving startups in every zip code. 
Another Facebook Live from the road coming at 2PM EST. Tune in!
Great event this morning with fabulous entrepreneurs that are backed by the Entrepreneurs of Color Fund.  Thanks to for hosting and for your truly am amazing food. 
 W A T C H 📺 for President 
Road trip: day 2. Location: Detroit. Event: Entrepreneurs of Color Roundtable, where I get to spend time doing what I used to do, listening to great entrepreneurs tell me about their businesses and talking about how to help grow them. 
I will be doing another Facebook live from the road at about 6pm EST.
During Shutdown Delaney Visits Immigrant Detention Center in Texas 
 I guess I disagree with each of you - and with negativity generally - and maybe its because of my faith and life experiences but I think we all do better when we simply work hard, stand for something and try to make the world a better place.
Started today at the home I grew up in. 
 Love Taylor Ham!
Started the day at Bendix Diner on Route 17 in Jersey talking to ABC News. Went there all the time as a kid. 
 Close up of this flannel shirt in what is my truck (my dad died and he wanted me to have it). 
If we can no longer see people seeking refuge ; opportunity in our country as human beings, we've lost everything morally as a country. Last week, April ; I visited the detention facility in Dilley TX ; saw the women ; children held there. Trump Jr's comments are disgusting. 
 I guess I don't even have any idea what those words even mean, Paul.
Left NJ this morning in my dad's pickup and headed to Iowa. Hit a little snow in Pennsylvania but otherwise all is good! 
I'm excited to announce that Connie Klug of Adel and Paula Meyer of St. Ansgar will be my Iowa Campaign Co-Chairs. Both are terrific leaders who have contributed so much to their communities over the years, and I'm so proud to have them on board! 
Paula from St. Ansgar wants a Democrat who can beat Trump, bring people together, and solve the problems of both today and the future. That's why she's caucusing for John.  
 Md. ex-congressman John Delaney (D) -- who's running for president-- says Trump should address China's growing footprint o…
I'm on the road today and want to hear what's on your mind. Ask a question and tag it  I'll be on Facebook Live and responding on Twitter and Instagram often. 
Today I'll be visiting some old spots in my neighborhood like the house I grew up in. It's good to remember your roots! 
Last week April and I went to Dilley, TX with 14 law students we sponsored to hear asylum cases. The harrowing stories told by the women and children describe a humanitarian crisis in Central America - one that requires our help and compassion, not Trump's fear mongering.
Just for the record, I've served in Congress for the last six years and I have NEVER heard a Democratic House Member ask for a "steel barrier" (or any other two words combining a type of metal with a form of barricade) be installed along our souther border! Never ever!
If Trump really cared about action on border security he would (a) reopen the government now and (b) put his support behind the bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform bill that passed the Senate in 2013 (which, among many things, had substantial border security provisions)
While Trump Pushes a Damaging Trade War, Major Concerns with China Go Unaddressed 
 Well and truly said, Susan!
The Democratic Party is very aligned on the most important policy issues (healthcare, education, climate, infrastructure, tax policy etc) so the real questions are how do we make them happen, who has a plan to turn these ideas into action and who can lead a more unified nation?
Tonight, I'm back in my hometown, Wood-Ridge, NJ with my mom. Tomorrow, I'm hitting the road with my team in my dad's truck and driving to Detroit and then Iowa. The truck is going to stay in IA and be my official campaign car there. Stay tuned for updates from the road! 
Rising Emissions Highlight Urgent Need for a Carbon Tax 
I'm proud to have voted for the Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act in December and thrilled it passed the Senate. This is a great bill with BIG bipartisan support. It's so important to promote economic opportunities for women globally. 
 I'm all for him losing, particularly in 2020. But the government won't reopen on its own. We should be in a room hammering him to reopen the government. We should be calling him out for wasting time on national addressess about a non crisis crisis.
 Why? Because I want the government to open?
Who thinks Trump, Pelosi and Schumer would better serve the country's interests by meeting among themselves and working on a plan to open the government instead of taking over the airwaves tonight to tell us what they have each already said many times before?
Do you think the fact that twitter posts about "solutions" and "solving problems" have very little engagement and ones about "fighting" and "digging in" have lots is a reflection on society generally or twitter followers specifically? If the former, we should  be worried.
Connie from Adel is looking for a leader who will return civility and bipartisanship to our politics, bring people together, and get real things done for the American people. That's why she's caucusing for John.  
While we watch our broken federal leadership lead our country into a deeper shutdown read a more optimistic story about how the government, non profit sector and private sector can work TOGETHER to find SOLUTIONS that lead to real progress.  
Great piece and I'm so glad you quoted the always great and talented Dr. Howard Bennett ( our pediatrician)! 
Packed house of over 100 in Omaha tonight. Start of a great week in Nebraska, New Jersey, Michigan, and Iowa! 
John on Creating a Better System... 
I'll be on the road this week and want to hear what's on your mind. Ask a question and tag it  I'll be on Facebook Live and responding on Twitter and Instagram often. 
Our failure to get things done to help hardworking Americans (update the social contract) has created STRUCTURAL UNFAIRNESS in our society, where outdated tax, education, healthcare, environmental ; fiscal policy massively favors those with great educations ; financial resources
Proud to announce my Iowa team! 
  rolls out more Iowa staffers and names state co-chairs. Delaney now has 24 staffers in Iowa, is opening…
Gerrymandering is a plague that has broken our Democracy and made our politics bitterly hyperpartisan. That’s why I introduced the Open Our Democracy Act to end gerrymandering by requiring independent commissions to draw the districts in each state. 
 2020 candidate John Delaney hires Iowa staff (he’s up to 24 people here) and schedules six office openings across the state…
 John Delaney, who just ended his third term as a U.S. representative from Maryland, was the first to announce a 2020 presid…
 Rep. John K. Delaney is the first candidate announced for the 2020 Democratic nomination to visit Nebraska. Come meet him…
 Now Showing in Iowa:  latest advertising push. A clever movie poster in Sunday’s  The former Mary…
  joined the podcast on Friday to talk about his three terms in Congress.  
Deepfakes is another reason we need a National AI strategy.  The federal government has done nothing to protect our citizens against these threats to privacy, identity and the health of the overall public discourse.  
 I'm not denying I said that at all and I said that to put in context why I would be ok with a deal for dreamers/DACA, which I think is really important. I just came back from the border hearing asylum cases. This is really important to me.
 That's not what I said. I said I would give him "limited" funding in exchange for passage of the Dreamers/DACA permeant legislation, which in my judgment gives freedom to 1.8 million human beings who worry about getting deported (and many do) every single day in our country.
Imagine you are the CEO of a $4 trillion organization (annual gov't spending) and you were entirely preoccupied with the materials used in one line item of your budget (the wall) that comprised 0.1% of your budget. How quickly would the Board fire you?  
 Using technology on the border to secure it would save money and allow for a demilitarization - that's the point. You secure it one way or the other - with walls/Military or with technology.  I choose technology.
My youngest daughter thinks our Elves on the Shelf will be heading back to the North Pole soon for a much needed break. It's been a wonderful Christmas season and it's been nice to have the holiday spirit around the house. 
Our 2020 nominee needs many things - a positive vision and plan for the future, a commitment to justice and a plan to unify our nation - but they also need to beat Trump.  They need to go toe-to-toe with him, cede nothing, tell a better story and have no weaknesses.
I spoke with a company that believes they can secure border completely for $100 million using technologies they are successfully testing on border. That's 1/250th the cost of Trump's silly wall w/ no environmental impact.  We need a leader w/ smart solutions that match our values
As I read the papers today I was struck by the "Washington" labels so frequently used - progressive, conservative, liberal, populist, moderate, socialist, etc - have nothing to do with the real problems facing hard working Americans ; their families. Americans want results.
But you are doing an atrocious job, so that's a different story.  
John on Healthcare... 
 We’re excited to announce another speaker at our upcoming  convention — Congressman fo…
I'm thrilled that has taken back the gavel and is again Speaker of the House. She is tough, smart, and a tremendous legislator who has stood up to more than anyone!
We won big in Nov by running candidates who are focused on furthering progressive causes thru pragmatic solutions. We have a BIG opportunity to hold Trump accountable for his dangerous actions ; get things done to benefit all Americans. But we must work 2gether. 
A historically diverse Congress was sworn in yesterday as Democrats regain control of the House. It’s great to see that Congress is beginning to look more like the US, ; I’m excited about the new crop of who will make up 1/3 of the 
Healthcare is a basic human right, and every American should have access to high-quality care. Here’s how I would do it: 
The deal to cut to open the government is so obvious and would be so good for our country and the 1.8 million dreamers: Border security funds + limited wall funding for a full DACA/Dreamers deal.
Happy Ending! April and I and two of our daughters just back from Dilley, TX where we sponsored 14 law students to spend a week processing asylum cases at the country's largest detention center. One family who was released today flew back on the same flight! 
No child should go through this alone. This is why April ; I are sponsoring a group of students ; professors to help provide legal assistance to mothers ; children detained in Dilley, TX at the nation’s largest immigration detention center.
April ; I thought of our lives as 1/3 learning, 1/3 earning, and 1/3 serving. I went to Congress to apply my experiences as an entrepreneur ; innovator in the private sector, ; make a real difference in people’s lives thru pragmatic ; progressive policies. 
John on How to Get Things Done... 
My blue-collar upbringing taught me how to work hard. As the CEO of 2 companies, I created jobs, paid my bills, ; innovated. That’s what a real leader does. ripped people off ; filed for bankruptcy 6x. He’s a business promoter, not leader. 
I'm excited to welcome several new candidiates to the 2020 race. I'm even MORE excited to have a debate about how we specifically turn big ideas into action and real results - that's what the American people need from our next President.
 FIRST IN PLAYBOOK: The Commission on Presidential Debates is now accepting 2020 site applications. And John Delaney is se…
A different perspective than "with malice toward none, with charity for all" 
It is the perfect resolution at this moment in time:  "With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation’s wounds . . . " 
I also want to include April's message, as I think it's just perfect. 
My New Years Resolution is to run a campaign of purpose; a campaign rooted in the belief that we need reconciliation and unity not division; a campaign centered on us working together to get things done to build a better future. I want people to  believe in something better.
Take in the interview of a true patriot  talking about what the retirement of another patriot Jim Mattis really means.  
 What's stops trump is a good candidate and a good campaign in 2020. Between now and then we should try to help people like the dreamers.
 Ok. So it sounds like you don't oppose the deal you just don't think it will happen.
 Partially true. Yes he made it a bargaining chip but it was always tenuous as an executive order. We need it to be the law of the land, which is what I'm calling for.
For those who dislike my Dreamers/DACA deal in exchange for limited wall funding, please pray on it. Consider some brick and mortar that will barely get built in exchange for the FREEDOM of 1.8 million human beings - people who go to bed every night worried they will be deported.
 Let's not be stubborn. Some brick and mortar that will barely get built in exchange for the freedom of 1.8 million human beings - people who go to bed every night worried they will be deported.
 Let's not be stubborn. Some brick and mortar that will barely get built in exchange for the freedom of 1.8 million human beings - people who go to bed every night worried they will be deported.
 Let's not be stubborn, some brick and mortar that will barely get built in exchange for the freedom of 1.8 million human beings. People who got to bed every night worried will they get deported.
Inside every challenge in an opportunity. The challenge is the  The opportunity is to end it with a BIG deal where each side gets a win. Permanent status for Dreamers/DACA (1.8 Million people!) in exchange for border security funding that includes some wall money.
I'm going to double down on my Dreamers/DACA deal for some wall funding. The lives of 1.8 Million human beings will fundamentally change if we pass dreamers/DACA. Giving POTUS limited $s for what will undoubtedly not be the last wasteful infrastructure project we do is worth it
This is the deal I've been pushing for months - pass Dreamers and DACA legislation in exchange for some money for Trump's pet wall project.   
Or ending hunger, strengthening our electric grid and cyber-infrastructure, ending veterans homelessness, investing in AI research, technology-based border security, etc. The list goes on and on and on. We can spend taxpayers' money so much more wisely. 
It was great to sit down with to discuss my background in business and congress and how my experiences in the private and public sectors make me a different kind of Democrat and give me a unique perspective on the future of our country. 
 Dan. Thanks for the nice message. I feel the same way about how you and how you conducted yourself across our many interactions (and do recall talking politics at a dinner in St Louis I believe a long time ago)
While I certainly don't believe in fake news, the Democratic Party should hold the media accountable to accurately reflect how the party won this cycle. In 2018 we flipped 40 R seats with "big tent" solutions oriented Dems. They ran on pocketbook issues ; civility - not socialism
 In 2016 we lost the House, the Senate ; the WH. From 2010 - 2016 we lost 1000 state legislator seats. This is not HRC's fault, it's a bigger than that. We have to become the party the American people are looking for - a big tent party that advances policies that matter to people
As Trump descend the presidency into an utterly chaotic state, we (Dems) have to ask ourselves "how did we let this happen?"  It's worthless to complain unless we both ask ourselves how we created such an unappealing competitive alternative and make sure we don't do it again.
We should not be criticizing our service men ; women for requesting POTUS sign one of his hats. While I understand it may be a technical violation, these men ; women are serving our country in Iraq and deserve our thanks - in other words, cut them a break 
What we need is real results on issues that matter. Moving the goal posts (which is sometimes known as "bold ideas") often serves the interests of politicians but not the goal of progress.  Progress only comes by getting things done. Everything else is talk.
"The cost of doing nothing is not nothing" is one of my favorite expressions. For decades politicians have fought all the time ; refused to compromise on anything. The winners: partisan politicians, the most connected ; cable news media ratings. The losers: the American people.
Someone just asked me "is the Democratic Party going to nominate the person who is most capable of being President based on a combination of experience, skills and stage of life or is there some other criteria?"  I said "good question"
Like I've been saying for months, limited wall funding + technology at border in exchange for making DACA permanent and the law of the land IS the deal to cut.  1.8 Million kids/young adults live in fear of being deported and they did nothing wrong. Fixing this is important.
Our annual Christmas Day snowshoe through the trails of beautiful Idaho. Merry Christmas! 
A very sad story to read on Christmas and a reminder of how blessed we are and how much suffering there is around the world - each day ~16,000 children die from hunger around the world.  
Merry Christmas! My final proposal is simple: End hunger in America. Hunger is not a problem that should exist in the most developed country on earth. We can clearly do this – it just takes proper coordination of public, private ; nonprofit resources and the sheer will to do it. 
April, our daughters and I hope you are enjoying a joyful and very Merry Christmas with loved ones. We are thankful for our family and for each of you and we pray that we remember the poor and powerless this holiday season ; that we work together to share our blessings with them
Trump should look in the mirror if he is wondering what is concerning markets.  
My full statement on the Trump administration’s comments on the markets and Trump’s attacks on the Federal Reserve:  
We need a big, new national service program for America’s youth. Every young person should have the option to serve their country in a rewarding way. It will bring a diverse group together ; teach them how to find common ground. 
As I predicted last night, the market is concerned by Munchin's botched attempt to insert himself into the conversation about the market. In truth, the market is only concerned about one thing: Trump's erratic behavior. 
The spirit of Christmas in action - NORAD in full force tracking Santa despite a government shutdown. Tracking Mr. C is important work!  
So happy. All my daughters are now in Idaho!  Christmas is here. 
April and one of my daughters in Idaho (April's home state) enjoying the holidays. They look like sisters! 
This is dumb statement. Stocks are going down because they are worried about Trump. Period. There is no fundamental issue with the economy or the markets right now BUT these type of statements could, in fact, scare people that there is a deeper problem.  
One of the most important virtues to return to politics is honesty.  We must be honest about our problems and honest about the solutions.  We can't misrepresent what's happening in our world but we also can't put forth wholly unrealistic solutions. Progress requires the truth.
The scale of human suffering in Indonesia is heartbreaking. Supporting relief efforts from this natural disaster is absolutely critical both from a governmental and charitable perspective.  
We can do this.  Across the next 2 years Congress must restrain Trump by aggressively reasserting authority over trade and foreign policy. Then, in 2020, we beat him with a " big tent" unifying campaign. Then, we govern by finding common ground and start getting real things done
The Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) is one of the most effective anti-poverty programs in US history. It has lifted millions out of poverty and encourages work. We need to DOUBLE the EITC to help working Americans make ends meet and realize their American Dream. 
It's actually simple. The market went up on a view that tax cuts, increases in gov't spending from last budget deal and regulatory relief would drive corporate profits. It is now going down b/c deficits are much bigger and Trump in now viewed as unhinged 
 By telling the truth.
 Thanks. I wasn't sure what the "your group" part meant.
 Early childhood education. Technology based border security. Infrastructure. Basic reasearch. Hardening our electric grid. Ending hunger. Ending veterans homelessness.
How failed is our leadership in Washington? Consider this, we will spend ~$7 TRILLION on just INTEREST on our debt in the next 10 years and our leaders closed the government over a dispute over a few billion $s for a border wall.  We can do so much better.
 Not at all sure what you mean with this but happy holidays to you nonetheless!
Our work in building a more perfect union is never complete. It is an enduring effort to pursue a set of high ideals that help build a more prosperous, more just and more secure nation. But this work must be done together - not as Democrats or Republicans - but as Americans
Pre-K through 14 education should be guaranteed to all Americans. High-quality pre-k benefits kids for the rest of their lives, ; workers w/ secondary education out-earn those w/out post-high school education. Education is key to ensuring everyone has the opportunity to succeed. 
Some think that our future will be even more divided, that we can't work together as Americans to get things done and accomplish great things, and that the American Dream has permanently vanished. I disagree. 
Shutting down the government on the eve of the holiday season isn’t just reckless, it’s cruel. Tying the funding of our government to the building of an unnecessary and inefficient wall is proof that Trump is anything but a great deal maker. 
After this week it will obvious to most that Trump is not fit for the job.  The question for democrats is will we put forth a vision for our country that is also appealing to the 63 Million of our fellow Americans who voted for him.
 I do want to bridge the sides but he (and he alone) acted completely irrationally all week. He cut a deal and then backed away from it. You don't do that to the American people.
Trump's week in review: pulls our troops out of Syria without consulting with his national security team, drives out the most trusted member of his cabinet, acts so irrationally that investors flee the market and it crashes, and shuts the government down right before Christmas.
Investors have finally realized that our President is incompetent and unstable and they are getting awfully nervous about it.  
Trump showed, once again, what a terrible leader he is.   He recklessly allowed our government to close right before the holidays after he reversed course midweek from a deal he approved. Shameful. His shutdown wastes money and hurts people. He is incompetent.
To either invoke the nuclear option or shut down the government over something as controversial (; pointless) as border wall funding is irresponsible ; completely against the wishes of the American people, who very clearly sent a message this November. 
Thank you for your service to Cumberland, Mayor Grim. You have been a tremendous advocate for your hometown and always put solutions ahead of politics. 
 will transform our economy, job market, society. This can be a BIG positive but only if we’re prepared. We need a national strategy that will ready US workers to compete in a high-tech economy ; will deploy  in a way that's in line with our values.  
General Mattis’s resignation is a major loss for this administration and our country. His departure is further proof of the dysfunction of the Trump administration. General Mattis was the last semblance of stability in Trump’s sea of chaos. 
 When I ran in 2012 it was clear to me that many Democrats and Republicans in my District hated how it was created. This is why I have led the charge in Congress to end gerrymandering.  My unique experience with this issue called me to do the honorable thing and work to end it.
The evidence that a trade war is not only entirely ineffective but also hurting Americans keeps adding up. needs to stop pushing antiquated protectionist policies and join the rest of the world in the 21st century.
We should both focus on creating a dynamic, growing, vibrant and competitive private economy AND building a strong social safety net that prepares our citizens for the future and cares for those left behind. They go hand-in-hand.  
I agree with Obama, which is why I introduced the Open Our Democracy Act to end gerrymandering once and for all.  It has destroyed our democracy and opposing it in all forms will undoubtably be the right side of history.  
The market is not dropping because of recession fears, or because of rates, it is dropping because it realizes Trump is terribly unstable and he has ushered in exploding deficits and crumbling global alliances, which is damaging to our long term prosperity 
Not good news.  
 Sure I will. I will blame them all day long. They won't even vote on the bill because the president said he won't sign it. Have they read the constitution? Congress is a coequal branch of government with explicit funding powers.
As I said a few minutes ago, a bunch of order takers in action. 
Our mismanaged government is expected to lose close to $1 Trillion this year.   Those loses GO UP by over $12 million AN HOUR for each hour the government is closed.  Congress has figured out how to even lose more money than it normally does - by shutting down the government.
 But it's up to the citizens to change that.
 Agreed, but think if it this way. You pay taxes ; in return you are supposed to get a functioning, productive ; efficient government.  Instead, for the last serval years you have had a mismanaged government and now you may soon have a government that takes your taxes and closes.
It is appalling to watch the GOP mismanage the government funding process. Instead of leaders, we have a bunch of order takers.  It is not surprising that the American people just fired them.
I promise as President is that I will work with Congress to ensure that our government is run in an ethical, efficient, effective, transparent, and productive manner.  We will have straight talk and real results.  We won't shutdown the government, which is totally stupid.
This funding fiasco is a fitting end to years of poor management of the House. A not to be named Republican colleague, who was successful in business before Congress, correctly said to me just now "You and I could sort this all out in 30 minutes. Yup.  
 is an honorable man and I know that above all else he wants to establish a debate structure that is fair and on-the-level. What we should all want is for the voters to be able to make an informed decision. 
Yup. And what's "hot" or "trending" or "who said a clever thing on twitter" or "what someone wore."  We have serious issues and we have to decide if we are a serious country.
It would be a shame if the 2020 election did not include a serious, fact based, no BS  debate about healthcare, education, the debt, climate, China, forgotten communities and digital privacy/AI.   Addressing these issues is central to our prosperity and security.
America’s infrastructure is rated D+ by The failure to invest in infrastructure is threatening our long-term competitiveness. We should raise the corporate tax rate from 21% to 25%, and invest that revenue in a trillion dollar infrastructure program. 
How big of a problem is the deficit and debt? In 2018 the federal government will spend more on interest expense than it does on all programs for children combined. The future is being sacrificed for our failure to come together as a nation to tackle this issue. Shameful.
Globalization has been a big net positive BUT has left many behind. That's why John is calling for a new social contract to create a more just ; inclusive capitalism. We must lift up those who have been left behind ; prepare for the jobs of the future.  
 Happy holidays to you as well, josh.
 That has been my point exactly. We are depriving both the American people and our military of an important and transparent debate on the scope of our military's mission.
The one thing to remember about Syria, if we have in fact defeated ISIS, then the 17 year old Authorization For Military Force (AUMF), which we rely upon for much of our engagement, may not allow fighting in Syria.  Another reminder that we need a new AUMF 
We need new national privacy standards and consumer protections that require full and transparent disclosure. 
Gun violence has plagued our country. We must pursue commonsense gun safety leg like universal background checks, banning assault weapons ; reversing the federal ban on gun violence research. These policies enjoy broad bipartisan support from Americans.  
While I don't know , he seems like a class act (with a history of tremendous service to our country). 
As the name implies, this is a good "first step" in fixing our broken criminal justice system. I hope we can vote and pass it this week in the House.  
John knows we don't need someone who will yell the loudest. Instead, the Democratic party needs someone who's serious about actually getting things done.  
Som Subedi is the embodiment of the American Dream. While this story is not a "typical" story by most means, his story is typical of the hard work and entrepreneurial nature that immigrants bring to this country. 
Every year, April and I do a toy drive to donate to children. This morning, we took our youngest daughter, Grace, to the Children's Hospital to drop off the toys. The true spirit of the holiday season is giving. 
Climate change is an enormous threat to our future, and we’re running out of time to reverse it. I’ve introduced a bipartisan carbon tax bill that will cut greenhouse gas emissions by 91% by 2050 and return 100% of the revenue to the American people. 
Today’s report highlighted the extent of Russia’s interference in the 2016 election. 
He's right about the House GOP but before we get set to elevate him to Sainthood let's remember he has as much to do with Trump's win as anyone.  
Happy Holidays! It was great to have (almost) all of  in Maryland today for a full day of training, planning, and team bonding. We're excited to keep growing our team and hit the ground running in 2019! 
Money in politics has made our democracy pay-to-play. To curb the influence of big money and ensure our Democracy is returned to the American people, we must reform our corrupt campaign finance system, and that starts with overturning Citizens United. 
There are at least a dozen issues that desperately need to get addressed in our nation. The Democratic Party should not be looking for the person who yells the loudest about these, or moves the goal posts on them; we should nominate the person who has a plan to get them done.
Love this song. Good campaign theme.  
Rally signs are here!!! Our team is growing, and we are excited about all of our new office openings early next year. We're looking forward to 2019 and beyond! 
We missed a huge opportunity with the bipartisan Senate immigration reform bill in 2013, but I’ll pick up where it left off. Reform should create a clear path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants and DREAMers, invest in border security and increase visas for skilled workers 
It's hard for so many working people to live near their jobs and the cost of housing is crippling.  We need to significantly increase our investment in affordable housing and limit NIMBY politics that prevent its development.
Good for you WaPo. Keep it up. 
If you think it's a bad idea to work with the other side of the aisle to get things done then you think progress is a bad idea.  I certainly and sadly recognize some think it's better for them to have problems to campaign on then to actually work together to solve those problems
I've been talking about climate change since day 1. That's why I worked across the aisle to introduce a BIPAISAN bill to tax greenhouse gas emissions. Climate change is a HUGE threat to our country ; the world. 
There are far too many people imprisoned in America. Conditions in prisons are abhorrent, and we have failed to help those who have already paid their debt to society reintegrate and succeed. It’s time to reform our criminal justice system. 
I cannot express my opposition to this ruling strongly enough.
While this poorly-reasoned ruling will surely be appealed, what the country deeply needs is leaders of principle from both parties to stand up and make it 100% clear that people’s health care is going to be protected.
It is ludicrous that the entirety of a law whose constitutionality has already been affirmed twice by the Supreme Court would be struck down because of changes to the individual mandate. This is not how our system of laws operates.
U.S. District Judge Reed O’Connor has issued an absurd ruling that puts the health care coverage of tens of millions of Americans at risk.
Every American should have health care coverage, regardless of their income level, or if they have preexisting conditions. I agree with the American people, who believe that health care is a human right.
Add value to the world by: Helping those in need. Volunteering. Starting a business. Creating a job. Supporting a cause. Loving someone. Being kind. Telling the truth. Praying. Defending values. Add no value by: Criticizing. Gossiping. Lying. Being mean spirited. Hurting people.
The deficit and debt are a problem. The way to address it? Roll back the misguided Trump tax cuts. What follows? A cool $1.5 Trillion in deficit reduction.
So this tool box is almost 100 years old. It was my grandfathers (John Delaney) who was a dock worker in Jersey City. Then it was my dads (Jack Delaney) who was an electrician. I remember it when I helped my dad as a kid and my sister found it the other day and just gave it to me 
 And your point is?
39,773 gun-related deaths in 2017 is a record high since 1979. 60% of those people died by suicide. This is a national public health crisis that requires our immediate attention. On the anniversary of  we have to remember what's at stake.  
6 years ago we witnessed tragedy in Newtown. After, we said never again. Since then we've had ~2,000 mass shootings. 68% of Americans want stricter gun laws, 97% want universal background checks. We must never stop fighting for gun safety. Ever.  
 Rep. John Delaney on consequences of innovation at Axios event: "If you don't prepare your country for it, it acts like a…
 Rep. John Delaney, co-chair of the Artificial Intelligence Caucus, on the need for a national AI strategy: "For most of the post…
Gerrymandering is a plague that has warped our democracy and made our politics increasingly hyperpartisan. Ending gerrymandering will make the House actually representative and reduce the partisan gridlock that has ground the gears of government nearly to a halt. 
  Yesterday was a great day for Congress. The Senate "voted to end a war that it didn't authorize.""Con…
 Due to streaming issues, you can follow today’s conversations at  via Facebook Live at: 
 is sharp. First time I’m hearing him in depth. Want to hear much more. 
We can thank Trump for exploding our deficit during good economic times. You have to work really hard to be that fiscally irresponsible. It's as if we had a POTUS who filed for bankruptcy six times. Oh yea, I guess we do.  
Tomorrow marks the start of my “12 (Bipartisan) Days of Christmas.” Through the 25th, I’ll post one item per day that’s on my “wishlist for America." I'll outline 12 policy priorities, which of course have bipartisan support, that will be priorities in my White House. 
Tech innovation, automation, and globalization have been positive forces, yet they've left many people behind. The way to lift up Americans ; level the playing field is if government, nonprofits ; the private sector work together on a bipartisan basis.  
 Delaney: Change and innovation is extraordinarily positive, but if you don’t prep…
 Rep. John Delaney says his presidential campaign is going well so far and that AI…
About to go live with Axios, tune in 
The Trump administration has totally eroded our world standing as a leader on climate change that worked so hard to establish. Instead, we are now laughed at on the world stage bc we promote the use of FOSSIL FUELS at a climate conference. 
The people who know John best know he really cares about improving the lives of others. Listen to how he did that in his businesses.  
 is such a prolific and unparalleled liar that had to create a whole new category for him. In your opinion, what's the worst lie he's told so far? 
I went on with to talk about how to get things done in this country. Check out my interview.  
Debt driven financial insecurity is leading to despair and unstable politics. While credit card and mortgage debt are down post crisis, other forms of debt – in particular student loans - are way up.  Check out this interactive debt map by Urban Institute. 
Companies should be broken up when they, individually, wield excessive political, economic and social power and when they, individually, become impenetrable to competition.  Do you think any companies meet that standard?
Either side should offer Dreamers/DACA + increase in asylum  for limited wall funding. While the wall is a waste of money, giving ~2mm DACA kids peace of mind that they are permanent residents/citizens is worth it.  And then we win in 2020 so we don't deal with this again
All the attention now is on "The Wall" which is almost irrelevant no matter how it ends.  What is relevant now: China, Yemen, Data Privacy, Mental Health, Affordable Housing, Climate Change, Deficit, Real Immigration ; Criminal Justice Reform, Drug Prices ; Addiction, Healthcare
We have a crisis in loneliness and despair in our country and it gets almost no attention.  
 What about all the rest.
 Don't think it will work. Too many unpredictable outcomes around all the things in society that are shared but use energy. A dividend based carbon tax is the only thing that can be structured to ensure progressivity.
Today's Oval Office meeting proves my point from a few months ago! 
 Our bill was scored by Columbia University to be progressive. Your proposal sounds regressive.
 Join in DC this Thursday for conversations on the real-life impact of artificial intelligence with
Trump is a fool who can't manage our country. Shutting down our government wastes an enormous amount of money and probably makes us less safe. Is it surprising that he led his businesses into SIX bankruptcies. He's doing the same for our nation.  
Today, Trump irresponsibly called for a government shutdown over border wall funding. Shutting down the federal government will not only have a detrimental effect on our economy but will punish American workers during the height of the holiday season.  
The American people are being tracked, monitored, and monetized and in most cases they have no idea that it’s happening. 
If you put in the work ; have the right message, the rest takes care of itself. That's why I'm going everywhere ; speaking with everyone to spread my unique message of unity. We're running a different kind of campaign, ; people are taking notice. 
Today, I spoke at the National Immigration Integration Conference. Immigrants come here for a better life. They plant roots, join our communities, and become part of the great melting pot that is America. I will do everything in my power to fight for them.  
 "If we decide as a nation to make the extremely misguided desicion to close our borders we stop growing as a country. W…
 “Immigrants and children of immigrants are creating new businesses at more than twice the rate of other Americans. If we sto…
Today at I announced that April and I are funding a group of 15 law students ; 3 law professors to go to the border for a week over the Holidays to help asylum seekers. POTUS has manufactured a crisis and we want to do our part to ; we will be joining them there
April and I were one of the funders of this program, which is a very effective public-private partnership aimed at making sure all kids have glasses if they need them. Good example of innovation at work.  
Sums it up perfectly. A carbon tax that sends money back to citizens - like my bipartisan bill - is popular. A carbon tax that allows the government spends the money (ie "trust us") is very unpopular.  It is so obvious.  
A carbon tax is the answer, but you have to return all of the revenues to the American people. To back away from a revenue neutral carbon pricing approach is crazy. There is no other option.  And I've proven that this can be done on a bipartisan basis  
 Very good piece on early work in Iowa and potential appeal for the  
Trump is grossly negligent by undercutting UN climate report. Rather than working with global leaders on finding ways to combat rising temperatures, Trump continues to align himself with the policies of climate denialism.  
No one knows John as well as his wife April. Hear what she has to say.  
 Let me see if I understand this, he ignores climate science, joins with a small minority of countries against the the world, rolls back greenhouse gas limitations, denies the findings in his own administration's report and I call him out on it and somehow I'm the wing nut? WOW.
Trump is grossly negligent by joining with Russia, Saudi Arabia, and Kuwait to weaken the language in the UN climate report and he is inflicting harm on our citizens, their children and grandchildren by not taking steps to dramatically reduce carbon.  
 Not mandatory but a new and highly incentive based program to get high school grads to joint military, community service or infrastructure program. Good for them and good for us.
This past week, our organizer Kelsey volunteered with the to help make meals for the needy in Iowa City. It's so important that people  and serve others. We need a BIG new national service program to re-instill a sense of service in our country. 
Looking at GDP ; economic growth as THE measure of a strong economy is a problem. Working Americans have been left behind. We must change the way we think about measuring economic wellbeing ; pursue policies that lift struggling Americans.
 New metric reveals America’s most influential inventions  “It takes years for America’s inventiveness…
Trump and Jared Kushner support the Saudi war in Yemen that has killed 85,000 kids. Why? To secure some arms sales (or perhaps a future hotel). We should be insisting on an end to this conflict.  
We have been barnstorming Iowa all year and will keep doing it until we talk to as many voters as possible in every corner of the state.  You can't fake showing up.   
I have bipartisan plan for each of these: infrastructure, criminal justice ; immigration reform, carbon tax, new AUMF, digital privacy, expanded EITC ; affordable housing, fixing VA, National service, investment in distressed communities, and healthcare. WE NEED ACTION, NOT TALK
One of the things I will do as President in the first 100 days is pass a $1 Trillion, fully paid for, bipartisan infrastructure plan.  Trump has failed to deliver on his promise to build infrastructure even with Republican control of the Congress.  In fact, he never even tried.
Reversing climate change involves action, not talk. That's why I recently introduced the only bipartisan carbon tax bill in the Congress. Turning progressive goals into real results is what our campaign is about.   And it's what the country needs - action, not talk.
The actions taken by WI Republicans are dangerous to democracy. Elections have consequences ; the people of WI gave a mandate to govern. Instead of stripping him of his power, Republicans should try to work with him to get things done.
Angela Merkel, who had grown up in East Germany, said she "would hardly be standing here" but for President Bush. (As described by Peggy Noonan).  Reading this reminds me of why it matters to the trajectory of history who is POTUS at certain moments of history.
Congratulations to the newly sworn-in members of Montgomery County. Wishing you all the best in your new positions! 
Congratulations to the newly sworn-in members of Frederick County. Wishing you all the best in your new positions! 
US industrial policy under Trump: Coal, Steel, Aluminum, weapons sales. China's industrial policy: Tech, AI, renewables, trade, infrastructure, manufacturing.  You see why China is probably quite happy with Trump as our POTUS.
 If 99 out of 100 doctors told you to get a medical procedure would you wait for the 100th to get convinced before you did it? 99% of scientists say it's happening. Trump's own Admin just came out with a report saying twice the amount of land in the US burned b/c of climate change
 He rolled back the greenhouse gas rules today. He said he would do that. Here's a quote "“So I am not a believer, and I will, unless somebody can prove something to me, I believe there’s weather.”
 Read more carefully. It's right there.
Trump is right that we have a big problem with China but his approach to dealing with it is wrong and making our country weaker. His "industrial policy" is coal, steel, aluminum, and isolation. China's is technology, trade, alliances, and renewables.  
 I'm actually proud of what my dad did - worked with his hands each day to earn and honest living to support his family. And he was proud when I became the youngest CEO in the history of the New York Stock Exchange.  Family matters to me.
There are only 8 more days to sign up for healthcare! Open enrollment ends December 15, 2018 for the 2019 cycle. Please make sure you and your family are covered. 
SNAP is one of the most successful programs in US history. It has fed millions + now research shows that kids who receive food stamps benefit greatly later in life. Let's make sure SNAP is protected in this year's Farm Bill, it's too important not to. 
The Trump administration plans to reverse EPA carbon emission regulations. This administration’s backward environmental policy is wrongheaded, dangerous, and is exacerbating an already critical climate crisis. 
Team Delaney is looking for video submissions from you about why you support John! What part of John's message is really important to you and why? Details in the link. 
This is the clear result of what happens when government lacks a strategic data privacy policy meant to protect users. We need smart, long-term thinking about the future of technology and data privacy.
On this day 77 years ago, the course of American history was forever changed. Let us take this day to honor those who lost their lives both at Pearl Harbor and in World War II. Thank you to all those who have served and protected the American way of life.
Unemployment rate low? 80% of zip codes have FEWER JOBS than in 2007. We can't leave these Americans behind. 
 "I think a candidate that runs on trying to unify the American people around getting some of these things done ... I thin…
Trust me, I think Trump is unfit to be POTUS ; he's degrading our norms ; values but this preoccupation with him not singing at President Bush's funeral is nonsense. I was there - the thing to be preoccupied with is how the values Mr. Bush embodied are missing from politics today
Alan Simpson recalled a discussion with Mr. Bush about the bipartisan tax/spending bill that raised taxes, in conflict with a pledge he had made. Mr. Bush signed it knowing full well it would cripple him politically. He lost but did the right thing; we need those leaders today.
Remember, headlines make the world seem worse than it is: "Reporting failure is considered the duty of journalism, whereas reporting success is considered public relations. All this creates a market for people who leverage fear and outrage into saturation coverage" -the Economist
The economy is in good shape but the market is betting on bad news ahead because they see no logic to POTUS's trade policy or the massively growing deficit he created.  (Note: it's rarely wise to sell retirement investments because stocks are going down)  
What this resolution really says is that you can't get away with murdering a Washington Post journalist by purchasing weapons from the U.S. and hotel rooms from the President.    
Delaney: Trump Comments Show a Lack of Urgency on National Debt Crisis 
My message to young people from TR: "It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena." It is such an utterly true statement.
Just left a moving celebration of the life of President Bush - a life centered on service, decency, family, friends, putting the country first ; working together to get things done. Those who think we shouldn't try to unify our country miss the point of everything we stand for.
It's a little after 9pm and my youngest daughter Grace and I decided to come down and say good bye - and offer one last thanks - to President Bush. 
First of all, fantastic win over Scott Walker doesn't get nearly the attention it deserves. And now, Republicans effort to take away his authority is barely on people's radar. Let's FOCUS on what matters!  
The hacking of NRCC emails underscores that election security cannot be a partisan issue. Democrats, Republicans, and Independents should stand united against these hacks. Ultimately, we all lose when our elections are undermined. 
Every day, hardworking Americans fight for their American Dream as best they can. On Election Day, Americans shouldn't have to make a choice btw going to work ; fulfilling their civic duty. Election Day needs to be a national holiday and my Open Our Democracy act does just that. 
The District of Columbia and Puerto Rico should become the 51st and 52nd states. Residents of DC and PR are American Citizens and deserve to have real representation and full voting rights. 
I just wrapped up another trip to Iowa. It was great to be back in Sioux City with the A big thanks to for coming out on a snowy evening. 
When you consider how far we have come - from our founding to overcoming great tests of our values to saving the world to building the modern world order - you are reminded of our capacity to solve all of today's problems. But we have to solve them all together, as one America.
Cruz denies Trent Reznor's claim he drank all of Nine Inch Nails' beer 
Open enrollment for health insurance ends December 15, 2018, for the 2019 cycle. Please make sure you and your family sign up before then! Go to  today to get covered. 
 😀
Joining The Des Moines Register Editorial Board. Tune in now at  
People who have paid their debt to society deserve a second chance. It's both the morally and economically correct thing to do, but it's also an issue that has bipartisan support. This will be a priority in my White House. 
 It's a tweet, has that ever been confused with a big deal?
Home made ginger bread cookies in the shape of the State of Iowa. 
My campaign is about getting big things done in a bipartisan way and a good example of that is how I led on introducing the only bipartisan carbon tax bill.  What we need is someone who can BOTH pursue progressive goals AND show how to make them happen.  
From a CEO in 1944 "It (prosperity) depended on companies not earning their profits “at the expense of the welfare of the community.”  That's how I ran my two public companies and we need to create a framework for every CEO to run their business that way   
The number of military suicides has now exceeded the troop losses in Iraq. A stunning statistic that underscores the seriousness of the mental health crisis in this country.  
It's great to be back in Sioux City. I'm talking with about the need to get back to working together and getting things done. Let's believe in something better. We can do better and restore decency and civility to national politics. 
April and I wish everyone a happy first day celebrating the Festival of Lights. Happy Hanukkah! 
An inspirational story from my favorite artist ever. We have a mental health crisis in America. To move forward, we must have the courage to work together, find common ground, and know who we are and what we value. Thank you for your honesty. 
And - aka the most skilled politician in America -was +46% in his senate race against a very well funded opponent who was the sitting Attorney General! 
The choice between saving our environment and growing the economy is a false one. We can do both. My Carbon Tax Bill is a market-based solution that will encourage innovation and give the private sector more certainty about the future. 
I met with amazing who doing great work to improve the economy + expand opportunity. People tend to focus on federal candidates but we can’t forget that local government plays a huge role in our lives. Get to know these leaders:  
Amazon can have three HQs, maybe Federal Government should adopt some of that spirit and start locating more of its operations in struggling communities around the US (where good jobs are needed). Technology enables connections and efficiencies.
Our veterans shouldn't be punished financially for mistakes made by the VA.  They can't afford to have the VA withhold their monthly disability checks. That's why I introduced bipartisan legislation to fix this problem. 
This story is so moving and touching. In President Bush's last conversation with his granddaughter he tells her he looks forward to meeting his daughter Robin, who died 65 years ago. She was three years old.  It shows the power and joy of family and faith. 
We need more leaders like President George H.W. Bush. April and I join the millions of others sending our prayers condolences to the Bush family. Rest in peace, President Bush, you will be truly missed but never forgotten.
President Bush believed in more than just himself and more than just his party – he believed passionately in America’s moral purpose and in principle. The country he loved was better off because of his service, leadership and example.
President Bush was a courageous and decorated pilot who served in World War II, an international statesman and a generous and compassionate spirit who spoke of a kinder, gentler America and a thousand points of light.
President Bush will be remembered as a dignified, civil and thoughtful leader who led our country during a time of historic global change.
The crisis of addiction, depression and suicide is overwhelming our country. The fact that life expectancy keeps going down shows we are failing to address this situation. More needs to be done.   
God Bless you Mr. President and thank you for your extraordinary service to our great nation. Our condolences to the entire Bush family.  
What's next? That's the most important question a leader should be able answer. For me "What's next?" is a nation that's unified, where our elected officials are honest and decent, and where we work together to get real things done to build a better future for all Americans.
We should obviously avoid a Cold War 2.0 with China, but an honest assessment of the situation (military, trade, and influence campaigns) should also make us appreciate that we are basically in one. The question is how do we address it.  
Americans already know what kind of job President Trump is doing. The real question is who will bring new, innovative ideas to government that will lead to real solutions and progress. 
Good news: Global suicide rate is down 29% since 2000. Bad news: U.S. suicide rate up 18% since 2000. We have a mental health crisis in America and we have to act.
The EITC has lifted millions out of poverty, but it can be even more effective. I've cosponsored legislation to EXPAND and INCREASE the EITC to help working families make ends meet. This is smart, bipartisan policy.
What will it take? If we wait for something truly catastrophic to happen, it will be too late to reverse the man-made effects of climate change. We still have the opportunity to act on this and save our planet, but we're running out of time. 
Want to reduce carbon emissions by 91%? On Tuesday, my colleagues and I announced a landmark piece of BIPAISAN legislation to tax carbon emissions. In ten years we'll cut CO2 emissions by 40%. By 2050 they'll be down 91%. Sign on to support our bill. 
This is perhaps the most serious foreign policy issue we face. Managing an increasingly aggressive  and economically powerful China as they move into aggressive military expansion, new levels of intellectual property theft and US based influence campaigns 
 in case you're looking for something to watch, is talking to presidential candidate about bruce sprin…
I'll be at today to play Tetris and talk politics with Tune in at 4 p.m. on Twitch:  
Trump was business promoter not a business leader. He has no idea how the private economy really works, which is why his brand of misguided tax cuts + trade wars  + sky high deficits (aka the new "voodoo economics") don't work.  
This is a REALLY BIG DEAL. I’ve been working on getting Republicans to cosponsor a carbon tax bill for years. Yesterday, after a lot of hard work, it finally happened. We CAN and MUST make bipartisan progress against climate change. 
President Trump’s continued criticism of Fed Chair, Jerome Powell, risks our long-term economic stability. We need both the Federal Reserve and its Chair to be independent and apolitical. 
Well said by the great General McChrystal:  "I think there's a certain honesty to what's happening now. The President didn't go to Arlington Cemetery for Veterans' Day, and maybe that's honest, because if you really don't care, it would be dishonest to pretend that you do."
Yes, time is running out to stop climate change and the US is not doing it's part. Why? Because we have a President who doesn't believe in it and a Republican Congress that sold its vote on the issue to the fossil fuel industry.   
Today is  Yes, there’s a Black Friday and even a Cyber Monday, but today is different, it’s a day to think about helping others and supporting charities and non-profits that make a difference in people’s lives.
 Well done by to nominate for the His work feeding millions in Puerto Rico, the…
Trump's policies towards children: Separate them from their families. Fire tear gas at them. Take away their healthcare. Cut their food-stamps. Take away their birthright citizenship. Deport them. Deny them asylum. Sell bombs to countries that bomb them.  What would Jesus say?
Platform: Universal Healthcare. PreK-14. Double EITC. $1T Infrastructure. AI/Privacy strategy. End Gerrymandering/CU. TPP. Immigration ; CrimJustice Reform. Pro-allies, National Service. Support Military/Fix VA. Fix deficit. Affordable housing. Back struggling areas. Carbon tax
Congrats to Ben ran a great campaign based on big ideas that will bring people together. I'm proud to have endorsed him. I worked with Ben when he was Mayor on leg to bring Pay For Success social impact investing to the federal government. 
It is not a coincidence that Jared Kushner, who is not qualified for any job he has in the White House, is also involved in most of the problems at the White House.  
It has been one of the best things we have done and we have a very rigorous process in place that balances human rights with proper vetting. Instead of using tear gas and dreaming about more walls, we should show compassion to those fleeing death and destruction.
Because ultimately, it is in our own national best interest if there are not millions of people suffering from extreme violence, poverty and a lack of human rights in the Americas. For decades the United States has welcomed people from around the world who are seeking asylum.
We have a humanitarian crisis at the border and a humanitarian crisis in Central America. Instead of trying to solve the problem, President Trump sees this as a political opportunity and his actions make clear he doesn’t have much interest in border security.
It is especially troubling that this step was taken with so many women and children present. Their aggressive and bellicose actions, following the direction of the White House, are escalating the situation.
President Trump’s administration’s use of tear gas at the border this weekend was excessive, damaging to our international standing and should be condemned by leaders in both parties. 
We have to tell the American people WHY we want to lead and the better future we can build TOGETHER. We win by telling a better story not by just telling people how bad Trump is. 
Let's remember when we talk about global warming, it's not just about the suffering it will cause in our future, it's also about what it is doing NOW.
The Democratic Party has the opportunity to be the party that leads and the party that gets real things done for Americans. The lessons from the  were clear, let's act on them. 
Why I'm running: I want our kids to live in a country that's unified, where things get done, where leaders have integrity, and people have opportunity to live decent lives and have faith in themselves. I've lived the American Dream and am uniquely positioned to make this happen.
Joining tonight to talk about why I’m running for president. Tune in!
By believing that America's relations in the world should be only transactional, Trump is abandoning a form of leadership that his predecessors have stood for. What he has never understood is that it is in America's best interest to stand up for a broader set of norms and values
Imagine...A country that is unified, not divided. A President who tells the truth. Smart leadership that builds a future where the healthcare, educational, economic and environmental systems work for everyone. A government that tackles the tough issues. 
The explosive growth of internet and technology companies, particularly social media ones, has a dark side. Our personal data is no longer private. As Americans, we have a right to control what our data is used for and to say what remains private. 
The Senate should pass the First Step Act but, as it's name implies, more needs to be done. The amount of incarceration in the U.S. compared to the rest of the world and the clear racial disparities that exist demand that we reform this immoral system.  
2 of the proposals from The Problem Solvers are smart - eliminating "vacating the chair" ; requiring bills that 3/5th of the Congress support get a floor vote. If we had them immigration reform would have already passed ; Congress would have worked better 
POTUS is making the world less safe by encouraging more countries to have nuclear capabilities. By backing out of the Iran deal ; providing Saudi Arabia with nuclear capabilities he is laying the groundwork for two bitter nuclear rivals in the Middle East 
 Remember the "deplorable" comment - a blanket condemnation of half the Rs that helped Ds lose in 2016 ; got us in this bad place in the first place?  Let's be better - we call out individuals who engage in bad behavior ; stand up to bad policy but we don't indict half the country
 As you well know, not all Republicans want to cage little children. In fact, most don't. One for sure who does happens to unfortunately be the President. I say we beat him and show the American people a better way. 
 By winning. A coalition of like minded Americans - progressives, centrists, independents, and disaffected Republicans - can stand together and for something. We can win and govern. And we can work to end sexism, racism, and exclusionary practices. 
 It's not an argument, it's data, facts, science etc.  And I don't think both sides are equivalent in policies - that's why I'm on one side, the democratic side. But I do believe as people (not as politicians) that a "house divided" is a big problem and we should be more unified.
 You should do what I do, which is call out bad behavior and stand up for injustice all the time in an unrelenting manner. But that's different than trends that show 1/2 of democrats and republicans "hate" people in the other political party! That's a formula for disaster.
 your trade war is forcing farmers to let their crops rot because they have no one to sell them to. No one wins a trade war, and our farmers are suffering at the hands of your antiquated 19th-century trade policies.
A graph that summarizes what's wrong with our politics. To make real progress we have to stop thinking of our fellow Americans as "enemies" or "evil" just b/c they are in a different party.  This is a result of divisive politicians and needs to change.  
"It is our addiction to oil that funds so much of the bad  behavior out of the Middle East [and] forces us to look the other way at a murder of the most vile [and] leads us to think it is ok to trade a call for justice for a purchase order of arms" 
I wish you and your family the blessing of family, friends and hope this Thanksgiving Day.  I am thankful for my wonderful wife, April, my four amazing daughters, our friends, my faith, those who dedicate their lives to helping others and the privilege of being an American.
I applaud Chief Justice John Roberts for both speaking up on this issue specifically and for his leadership generally in reminding the world that our courts and system of justice are not political.  
I've always liked 
Hitting the ground and talking to folks in small towns may be an old-school way to campaign, but my cutting edge ideas are anything but. People are starting to take notice.
Washington Post’s George Will argues Delaney has the right message to win in 2020. Read about John Delaney’s unprecedented presidential campaign.
A candidate with progressive values and a bipartisan approach. A Democrat who believes in what he has lived. The Washington Post's George Will believes our campaign has the right message.
No tricks or cat-and-mouse games. I’m being honest with the American people because that’s real leadership. Read about why my campaign is gaining traction.
Hitting the ground and talking to folks in small towns may be an old-school way to campaign, but my cutting edge ideas are anything but. People are starting to take notice.
There’s no substitute for showing up and working hard. Read about a movement that’s gaining momentum.
There’s a lot of work that needs to be done to heal this divided nation and bring honesty and civility back to politics. Read about my campaign for a better future.
No tricks or cat-and-mouse games. I’m being honest with the American people because that’s real leadership. Read about why my campaign is gaining traction.
There’s a lot of work that needs to be done to heal this divided nation and bring honesty and civility back to politics. Read about my campaign for a better future.
There’s no substitute for showing up and working hard. Read about a movement that’s gaining momentum.
Yes should be Speaker; she won back the House ; she's an extraordinary leader ; legislator. As Speaker, she should also lead the caucus through a discussion of succession planning for the House leadership team as new Democratic leaders are very important to the party
One of the goals of my Administration will be end hunger in our country. We can clearly do it - it just takes proper coordination of public, private ; non profit resources and the sheer will to do it. Thanksgiving is the perfect time to reflect on the moral obligation to do this
Yes, we should 
In truth, the problems we face today, while serious, are not as difficult as many of the problems we've faced historically. What is different is the level of dysfunction in government and partisanship in politics. But that we can definitely fix. Believe in something better.
"We don't want a handout. We want trade. We want to sell the crops". Farmers are hurting from Trump's trade war ; his bailout isn't helping. A big tent/smart trade Dem Party, like the one I'm building, has an opportunity to bring farmers back to the party 
Last year we fried a turkey (notice we all had proper eyewear on) to go with the traditional one. I recommend it but you definitely need some able assistants (like I had here with my friend and nephew) as there are a lot of moving parts! 
Kids in Flint Michigan and rural Wisconsin deserve to drink clean water. We need strong and enforceable regulations to ensure all Americans drink clean water.  
Once again the President doubts US intelligence agencies.  It is now up to the Congress to ensure people around the world know they can't get away with murdering journalists.  
Trump counties falling behind b/c he hasn't done anything!  My plan: 1. Create tax incentives to invest in them, 2. Allocate infrastructure $'s to them 3. Require gov't contractors have a % of workers in them, 4. Double EITC ; 5. Invest in skills training 
You are absolutely right. We should make Election Day a holiday. People shouldn’t be forced between exercising their democratic right and keeping their job. That’s why I introduced Open Our Democracy Act which would end gerrymandering and make Election Day a national holiday. 
Dems should negotiate with Republican Senators that represent coastal states (like Florida) and offer big infrastructure dollars for climate preparedness (which is needed) for votes on a carbon tax deal 2/2 
The problem with advancing action on climate change isn't with Dem members of Congress - almost all would vote yes on a big carbon pricing deal - the problem is with Republicans in the Senate (which are needed) and POTUS. Dems should not fight among themselves on this issue. 1/2
 I met the guy, as George Will notes the strategy, in a small Iowa town at my neighbor's house…
 Interesting candidate. Take seriously. 
 I read a very insightful opinion piece in Washington Post by It’s worthwhile to comb through…
Congratulations to John Hopkins and Mr. Bloomberg on this transformative gift.  
Finding areas that Democrats and Republicans can work together on is so important to the progress of our country. When millions of people's lives hang in the balance, we have to find common ground every chance we can.
No one is above the law - especially not the president. We must protect Robert Mueller, the independence of his investigation, and allow the facts to come to light. The Senate and the House should pass bipartisan legislation to protect the special counsel.
This week the NYT reported that Facebook knew about Russian interference in the 2016 election for longer than they have admitted. The seriousness of this specific allegation cannot be overstated.
"The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice."
The "mandates" I see from the elections were: (a) hold Trump accountable for his behavior, (b) improve our broken healthcare system ; (c) work together to solve problems/get things done.  People claiming all kinds of other specific mandates are not paying attention to voters.
I believe in what I have lived - that everyone deserves an opportunity to live the American Dream. George Will making the case for my candidacy and why I can uniquely defeat Trump.  
Thank you for highlighting that Democrats can have progressive values while also being pragmatic and bipartisan. 
While this is great news, it should not be considered a "win," but rather a return to the norms and core values of American Democracy.
Massive bureaucratic failures at the VA have put many veterans in financial hardship forcing them to choose between going to school or putting food on the table. This is unacceptable. 
If you have any doubt that Washington is not doing its job, read this.  The privacy of our citizens is, in fact, a civil liberty.  
Gerrymandering has warped our Democracy and we have to do something about it. That's why last year I introduced the Open Our Democracy Act to end it.
Democrats received more total votes in Statehouse races across Ohio. Yet, Republicans won 62% of Ohio State House and Senate seats. 
I'm all for a Green New Deal but the center piece of it must be a new and transformative carbon pricing system, like the one I have proposed. By putting the appropriate price on carbon we will move to the carbon free future we need.
Big takeaway from '18 midterms is Democrats will win when we have a big tent of progressives, centrists, independents, ; disaffected Republicans. (+ many more) are proof positive this will work.
Very proud of my wife Director at for the work she does to make our media landscape better and safer for children.
An immoral act is doing something you know is wrong based on the standards of society. Elected officials who fail to confront the fiscal and climate debt we are leaving the next generation, both of which they should know are becoming unpayable, is immoral.
The truth is elusive for so many. One way communication, a POTUS who tells lies, partisan commentators, news organizations built around ideology ; disinformation campaigns.  2020 will be about who tells the American people the truth ; is honest about our problems ; the solutions
Natural gas prices are way up, which means renewables are much more competitive. Just another reason to finally do a big climate deal.  
Dems won big last week. It's time to show we can govern. If we focus on finding common ground, bipartisan solutions + civility we'll carry momentum to 2020. We can make bipartisan progress on voting rights, criminal justice, infrastructure + fixing the ACA 
Check out the New York Times summary of our campaign.  
The hard work is paying off. I'm excited to have the opportunity in the coming year to go everywhere and talk to everyone. 
There is a fundamental corruption in our politics that starts with money; runs through gerrymandering, voter suppression ; disinformation; ; ends with hyper-partisan divisive politicians.  We must focus our anger at these corrupting influences - instead of our fellow Americans
We need to suppress our growing tendencies to doubt the intentions of our fellow Americans and expand our commitment to build a society based on common purpose.
Democrats believe in science. Part of the scientific method involves honestly ; objectively analyzing facts ; data (think Obama not Trump). If we want to win everything in 2020 (my goal) we have to honestly ; objectively analyze what messages won in 2018.  
GREAT WIN! 
Last week we did one of the things we do best - snap back from adversity. And we did it by returning to certain core beliefs that define our nation: decency, determination, honesty, volunteerism, and of course, freedom.  Believe in Something Better!
Amazing creative talent who gave life to such extraordinary characters.  
We cannot continue to live in an America where only those born in the right zip codes have opportunity.
Opportunity zones are something I truly believe in as a businessman and successful entrepreneur. They have the potential to revitalize distressed areas of this country that have been left behind. 
I think ran one of the best races of the cycle - Arizona is clearly a red state and McSally was a particularly strong opponent. Kyrsten's race didn't get a lot of national attention but it's a good example of how Dems win in red states 
 is about taking the time to look beyond our own lives and show gratitude to those who have allowed each and every one of us to be here, free and secure. We honor and thank all who have served and those who serve today. 
"Patriotism is the exact opposite of nationalism, nationalism is a betrayal of patriotism" - French President Macron
April and I are so incredibly happy right now. Our oldest daughter Summer just got engaged to Nick Fineman. We could not be more thankful of the blessing of family, now including Nick and his family. 
The Senate must demand the immediate appointment of a nominee from the President so that the individual can go through the required confirmation process.  The reason is clear: the Constitution demands it of our government.  
 Leading the country is about telling a better story. Reminding the Americans that they should believe in something better. I want the Democratic Party to become the party the American people are looking for - a positive party that  talks about the great things we can do together.
 I endorsed 95 candidates this cycle ; gave or raised almost $1 million  for them and campaigned all over the country. Totally happy to compare records with you on that point. The real point is that we are all fighting for a better future but we need to focus on winning election
 Impeachment is about politics. Nothing more,nothing less.
 I stand for wining elections, standing up for the values of freedom, liberty, and progress. What do you stand for?
As an FYI to the Democratic party: ALL of the House democratic candidates who flipped Republican seats ran on holding Trump accountable and protecting Mueller. NONE of them ran on impeachment. The country is desperately looking for a responsible party.
My dad was 60 yr union electrician and he always drove a pickup. I kept his last truck after he passed. I love to drive it as it's a great reminder of both him and all the things he taught me. I think I will drive it to Iowa for 2019 and use it to get around. Good idea?
Today is the 80th anniversary of Kristallnacht, a night where Jews were attacked, imprisoned, and murdered because of their beliefs. It is a solemn reminder that we must stand up to tyranny, bigotry, and hatred wherever it appears. 
Fingers crossed. Kyrsten ran a great campaign, she's one of the only democratic candidates that can win state wide in Arizona and once again she ran a big tent, centrist strategy.  So obvious what we need to do to win.  
Trying to harass, intimidate and threaten and even worse, his family, is flat out wrong. We're never going to make things better in this country with menacing behavior. POTUS should not attack the press for what they say, nor should anyone else. It's un-American.
Congrats to the for running so many successful races in New Hampshire including big wins for 
I'm incredibly proud of the New Hampshire Senators-Elect that I've endorsed. These were excellently run campaigns built on the need to rise above divisive politics and help Granite Staters.  
I was proud to endorse a number of Iowa State Legislative candidates who were victorious on Tuesday. We need leaders who are committed to serving their constituents with an emphasis on the ideals of common purpose and unity.  
I've spent a lot of time in Iowa and ran one of the smartest campaigns that I've seen. He ran a vigorous statewide campaign on a message of honesty ; integrity. As their new State Auditor, Rob will always be a watchdog for the good people of Iowa.  
I had a great time this morning talking to about how I plan to bring our divided nation together. 
 Maryland's tells  why he's running for president in 2020 
 Received calls today from and wishing me good luck tonight. Pretty cool. Al…
Despite huge majorities of the country wanting basic gun safety measures in place, like universal background checks, we've done nothing because of special interest and NRA influence. We have to stand up and demand better in this country.
Another terrible tragedy, more lives lost and families that will never be the same. It's gut-wrenching to read accounts from the shooting in CA, where a local officer was also killed trying to save lives. 
Obama is right (of course).  
Congress must make it clear that the Special Counsel’s investigation must continue and must be completed.
While it is obviously insulting to the American people to make this major move hours after the polls have closed, it is even more insulting to take actions that undermine the rule of law.
We should all be worried about what happens next. The irony is that Attorney General Sessions was a faithful executor of the President’s hardline agenda, but clearly, the President has his eye on other matters.
Congress must make it clear that the Special Counsel’s investigation must continue and must be completed. My full statement on the firing of Attorney General Jeff Sessions: 
Congratulations to the on winning the State Senate, House and Executive Council!  
It should be noted what most of the Dem pickups ran on and what they didn't run on. They ran on universal healthcare (not just a single payor), protecting Mueller (not impeachment), getting things done and unity (not more partisanship), immigration reform (not eliminating ICE).
Congratulations to my friend on his victory last night! I know David is going to be a great congressman   
Congratulations to and State Senate and House Candidates!  
2/2  cause of justice - but we made progress. We have the US House ; seats at the State House because of a band of strong and determined centrists that made clear their reason for running was to get things done. My team and I were proud to fight shoulder to shoulder with them
Last night's Democratic pick up winners had one thing in common: a relentless focus on putting the needs of their constituents above their political party and circus like theatrics.
Great win by my friend  He is exactly the type of leader we need - pro growth and pro-entrepreneurship, strong progressive values, and a post-partisan approach to governing.
Lots of great Democratic victories last night, but it should be noted that may be the most skilled politician in America. His win - against the backdrop of Trump winning WV by 40%+ - is incredibly impressive. Congratulations, Senator Manchin!
1/2 Two years ago we woke up ; the sky was dark and mood was grim. Since then our values endured two years of intense storms. But tonight some of those clouds parted and the sun came thru.  A new day is coming. It wasn't a perfect night. - we lost some amazing fighters in the
I had the opportunity to knock on some doors with a couple of weeks ago. He won a tough race ; a big congratulations to him tonight.  
I want to congratulate on his victory tonight. He ran a tremendous campaign, and I was proud to endorse his candidacy in August's  
Congratulations to on making history tonight in Colorado. Jared has been one of my closest friends in Congress and I can't wait to see what he accomplishes for his state.
Congratulations to on her big win tonight! I'm looking forward to seeing the great things you are going to do for your district.  
Congratulations to the great candidates in Iowa who were victorious tonight. They will all be a leading voice for Iowans. 
Congratulations to  on her victory!  🌊 
President Bartlet said it best...   
So many great candidates are going to be talking to voters until the last minute today.  can be stressful, but when you’re doing it for the right reasons, it’s worth it. We’ve made supporting local candidates a priority.  
Today is  Every vote matters. 😎    
Believe in something better. VOTE.
Today we VOTE. No more polls. No more pundits. No more people making predictions about things they know little about. VOTE your values. VOTE for the character of our nation. VOTE on issues you care about. VOTE for the person who is serving for the right reason. Just VOTE.
It is obvious that the path to the Democratic Party winning and governing is with candidates like Phil Bredesen. He is smart, civil, principled and a problem solver.  In an era of divisive politics, he will be a unifying force in the Senate.   
When I was first out of school ; starting my first business, someone gave me life changing advice: Spend time on things that really matter; don't get distracted/waste time. Told some young people the same advice, but it's harder today w/ social media, which is hugely distracting
Once the midterms are over the country deserves a real conversation about the future we want to build together - not as Democrats, not as Republicans, but as Americans. There is more to politics and public service than simply mobilizing party bases to win elections.
Great to see volunteers from here in  We need to elect take back the House and make sure that working families have a voice in Congress. 
Fired up group in  ready to knock on doors for This is how you win elections and this is how we take back the House. As the Washington Post said in endorsing her, Jennifer is "smart, serious, and substantive." 
Campaigning this AM in Sterling for The path to Democrats taking back the House runs through  With VA's great AG talking about why we need Jennifer in Congress. 
We're in the homestretch ; it's almost to  weekend! Thank you, Alex ; Autumn, for helping out candidates like ; up ; down the ballot. I believe the hard work of Democrats across the country will pay off with Tuesday night's results. 
The case will go forward! I'm happy to be one of the plaintiffs in the emoluments clause case. In my opinion POTUS is in violation of it by his continued acceptance of payments from foreign governments at his hotels.  
The events of last week didn't happen in a vacuum. In my op-ed in the I make the case for why we must return civility and respect to our broken politics. 
Voters cannot ignore state legislative races if they want to see real change in their communities. is a remarkable candidate ; he is running for the right reasons. These races can also be extremely close so every vote matters!  
Join me in supporting for State Treasurer in NV. An innovator and businessman, he's future-focused and will get things done. Contribute now to a great candidate: Vote next Tuesday, Nov. 6, and let's turn NV blue!  
 Justice and compromise are different concepts entirely. Justice, freedom and liberty are uncompromising principles. But principled compromise on policy is how we get things done - and it's how we have done everything.
Honesty is central to leadership. In that spirit, three points: 1. The October jobs report is very positive (and this Dem is happy about it). 2. The fiscal debt and climate burden we are transferring to the next generation is immoral. 3. The caravan is not threat to the U.S.
 So you think the way to bring the country together is to blame one side?
 I have pledged not take PAC donations for my campaign.
 ?
 This is good advice actually. Thank you.
 Thanks. Won't let you down
Consider this: POTUS tweets a terribly divisive video. He has 50MM+ followers but not all of them see it. Cable news then covers it ; points out that it unfortunately works politically. They do that over ; over again ensuring everyone sees it. It's called playing into his hands.
"Skate to where the puck is going, not where it is" - A little over a year ago we launched a campaign about unity and common purpose.  Everyone said "that's not what the country wants." My response was "it's the right thing to do and that will soon become very clear"
Let's not focus on troops at the border or get sucked into a debate with Trump about the "caravan." Let's instead focus on Trump's failure to fix our broken immigration system or deal with any number of other issues that enjoy bipartisan support.
I'd rather get people to vote than focus on amending the US Constitution, something that, as you know, is very rare.
If everyone were to vote, we would have a government that represents the will of the people, which is for our leaders to work together and get real things done to help Americans. When we don't vote, our government represents special interests, partisans and billionaires.
 This will be one we will have disagree on.  Don't buy Trump's talking points on TPP - he's wrong. TPP improves working/environmental conditions in Asia (which are now sliding backwards) ; allowed us to compete with China. Isolationism is the wrong answer to every question.
 The campaign is "fun" - meeting thousands of great people always is - but the issues are serious. Decades of political failures have left so many people behind, which is why The Dems needs to step forward ; unite the country, build a big tent and  get real things done for people
I'm proud to have endorsed who will be an excellent member of Congress. 
Calling for civility doesn't mean we have to ignore bad actors and bigotry when we see them. Steve King has a long track record of indefensible behavior and comments which needs to be condemned by all parties. 
Our country is facing a fiscal time bomb and it’s up to all of us to get the fiscal house in order 
2/2 ....then you also learn to confront others not as fellow citizens but as enemies - to be met not with cooperation but with conquest, to be subjugated and mastered." RFK 4/5/68 Cleveland, Ohio
1/2 "When you teach a man to hate and fear his brother, when you teach that he is a lesser man because of his color or his beliefs or the policies he pursues, when you teach that those who differ from you threaten your freedom or your job or your family....
From Time, Jon Meacham writes: "We now know as surely as anything is knowable in human affairs that Trump is determined to be a force for division, not for unity."
I was proud to support President Obama's efforts to make the U.S. part of the TPP - it was good for America geopolitically and economically. Trump made a huge mistake tearing it up, but he's an isolationist and a nationalist, what else should we expect.  
 It's not funny. It's our kids and grandchildren future.
This is how it starts.  The markets mark down the value of coastal real estate ; soon they will do the same with banks and insurance companies with exposure to coastal assets. Huge sums will be lost but even more is at stake. We must act on climate.  
We know the country is divided ; we can't go on like this. My agenda is about listening, seeing both sides, embracing compromise ; civility, ; campaigning everywhere. If you want someone that's going to tear down 1/2 the country, my campaign isn't for you. 
More and more I'm seeing that my message of unity is appealing to voters everywhere. We need to focus on what connects us in order to move forward. 
Dems don't take Trump's bait on birthright citizenship. He's wrong and can't do it constitutionally. But what he can do is lure us into a debate about undocumented residents instead of what wins elections: healthcare, education, unity, jobs, retirement, opportunity for kids etc
Campaigning for Democrat in PA today. Chrissy has a proven track record of dedicated service and getting things done, demonstrated during her time in the military, the business world, ; as an educator. She is a much needed voice in Congress ; I’m proud to support. 
It's great that all these terrible divisive people (you know who you are) are talking about unifying our nation. It will be even better if they start living their lives that way.
Delaney Statement on Trump Plan to End Birthright Citizenship 
Campaigning for my friend today. Josh’s been a tremendous representative for North Jersey, fighting to lower taxes and working to get real things done. We need more bipartisan leaders like Josh in Washington. 
Campaigning in NJ ; PA today but squeezed in lunch with my mom and sister at the restaurant in Lyndhurst NJ we went to when I was a kid for "special occasions."  Turns out the waiter from my childhood - Franco - still works there! Great stroll down memory lane - and great food 
An important read. In addition to a National AI Strategy we need a more forceful strategy to address IP theft by China from our private sector and the fact that our universities are training China's military in sensitive technologies.  
 Another full weekend. Our thanks to for joining us for a Saturday canvass kick-off ; knocking doors with u…
I can.  
Not long ago the NRA changed; it's members now need to take it back and return it to its roots - as a bipartisan group supporting safe, responsible gun ownership.  Until then, voters should demand accountability from NRA backed candidates and supporters 
Trump obviously doesn't remember saying the words "preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States."  
 Is that a policy proposal or a wish? I'm talking about getting real things done.
Social media firms have resisted any regulation, and with big lobbying dollars behind them, they've been successful. Yet they can't seem to stop hate speech and other forms of toxic disinformation. There needs to be accountability and standards in terms of how they operate.
97% of the American people support universal background checks and nearly 70% support a ban on assault weapons. Huge majorities for each. Let's end gerrymandering, excess money in politics ; voter suppression so we have a government that actually represents the American people
The central question of our time is how do we heal our terribly divided nation. We have to come together around unity and common purpose. Only then can we make real, lasting progress.
The only way to get things done for the American people is to heal and unify our fractured nation. We'll make progress together or not at all.
When you put in the hard work, go to all 99 counties, and take the time to listen, people start to take notice.
We're going everywhere and talking to everyone.
We have to recognize there's more that unites us than divides us. Take a look at how my campaign is fighting for unity and a sense of common purpose.
The language of warfare must end. We need to stop talking about our opponents as if we have no shared values or as if they're 100% wrong about everything.
Packed house at Adas Israel Congregation for an interfaith solidarity gathering in support of those who lost their lives at Tree of Life Synagogue. Honored to be part of it. 
ICYMI – Gerald Seib Column on Political Violence in WSJ Highlights Delaney Message to Unify the Country 
 How about simply be unified with a vast majority of the country so that we can win some elections and govern.
As part of taking the formal oath of office the President of the United States should effectively also be swearing never to divide our nation and our people. That's the type of leadership we need.
A good piece that serves as a reminder that none of us want to look back and say we should have done more. Let's do all we can now to end racism and racial injustice in our country.  
So happy to be door knocking with who does what I like to do, which is to knock on every door! It frustrates me when we just knock on Dem doors, it reinforces all that's wrong with our party. We have to talk to all voters if we want to win! 
Isn't it interesting that those in Silicon Valley who create devices ; apps don't want their own children to have screen time for fear of tech addiction. That's why I'm leading on legislation to fund research on how media impacts kids health and well being 
"At a time when American politics appears at its most divisive and lawmakers have broken themselves decisively into two camps, Congressman John Delaney wants to be the president to make the nation whole again.” 
ICYMI – Delaney’s Efforts to Support Iowa Democrats Featured in Burlington Hawk Eye  
As we head into the midterms, I'm doing all I can to support candidates up and down the ballot. Please make sure you have a voting plan and if you can, help your local candidates! 
From Fairfield to Decorah, it was a beautiful day to be canvassing in Iowa yesterday. are working hard to get out the vote for ; Mary Stewart will make excellent additions to the ; 
Beautiful and heartfelt piece by my dear friend about the place he grew up - Tree of Life synagogue. Please read.  
Delaney Statement on Pittsburgh Shooting 
We must all stand with our Jewish friends and neighbors and make clear that anti-Semitism is never acceptable. There is too much hate and bigotry in this country and it is far too easy for disturbed people to kill others quickly.  We cannot allow this nightmare to continue.(2/2)
It’s utterly heartbreaking to see this tragic loss of life at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. To attack people in a house of worship because of their faith is pure evil. Thank you to the brave members of law enforcement who responded at the scene. (1/2)
11 days out from an Election, Democrats can't take anything for granted. Tonight, I'm phonebanking in Des Moines County, Iowa ; encouraging Iowans to vote because your vote is YOUR VOICE.  
Delaney Commends Law Enforcement on Arresting Bomb Suspect, Calls for Restoring Civility to Politics 
I was happy to endorse in August, and I joined her out on the doors today. With her enthusiasm ; strong work ethic, she will be a fabulous addition to the 
Just finished a door knocking shift with Thank you, for all the work you do for Iowa Democrats up and down the ticket.  
We need more people like who believe in helping those in need and unifying people through a common purpose. True entrepreneurs know how to tackle big problems creatively. This award is well-deserved. 
Delaney: AP Poll Shows Nation is Deeply Divided, Importance of Bringing the Country Together 
April and I are at early voting supporting  
 You keep arguing your point and missing my point. Of course violence is not the same as yelling in a restaurant. Did you actually think I was saying that (which, in fact, I didn't)? Do you actually think any normal person thinks that? Come on. Listen. Open your mind and heart.
Today’s events did not happen in a vacuum, they happened as part of an incredibly toxic political environment. We have to end the constant violent, coarse and dehumanizing political rhetoric. 
 I didn't say that. We should also start listening to what people say (or in this case write).  Listen to the question before you give the answer.
The language of warfare must end. We have to stop talking about our political opponents and their supporters like they are the enemy, like they are devoid of shared values or like they are 100% wrong about everything they believe. 
The constant references to violence, chants about locking people up, and harassing in restaurants and public places must end.
Importantly, we must also hold ourselves and everyone else to a higher standard of conduct and rhetoric – the constant dehumanizing attacks on elected officials, candidates, public figures and members of the press must end.
This appears to be an effort to attack multiple former presidents and first ladies, elected officials and members of the media – this is an attack on the foundations of our republic. Leaders from both parties should denounce these actions immediately.
Every American, of every political stripe, should be horrified by today’s news, which is still unfolding, and I thank the Secret Service and law enforcement for their work today. 
Delaney: Violent, Dehumanizing Political Rhetoric Must End 
Unless we bring this country together and reaffirm the notion of unity and common purpose, we will live in a world where the politics of division and disinformation leads to increasingly violent forms of political protests.
Leaders from both parties must strongly denounce these actions immediately. The constant dehumanizing attacks on elected officials, candidates and the media must end.
Horrified by reports of suspicious packages being sent. As we wait to get a clearer picture of what’s happening, we must make it clear that acts of violence are opposed by all. 
 A great piece about open our democracy act.  
Congratulations to my friend for working hard and getting this strong endorsement. He'll be a great Congressman for  
This is how you win elections, going door-to-door talking with folks on the ground. There's no substitute for hard work.  
I have different plan when I'm President - to eliminate hunger in our country.  And you certainly don't do that by cutting food stamps.  
 Objectively speaking, he's has done as much as you think. He has done nothing on infrastructure, healthcare, education, social security, immigration, climate, debt, deficit, pharmaceutical prices, VA healthcare, and opioid crisis. He did cut corporate taxes and tweak regulations.
 Timely and I agree as I'm a person who only identifies a problem if I have a solution! See tweet from just 4 hrs ago. I would combine this by organizing a WH led action plan with all the relevant countries and NGOs as to how to stabilize Central America. This can be fixed. 
Arguing w/ Trump about who is in the caravan is stupid and plays into his hands. There are 5,000+ people in it, I'm sure someone is from a gang. The point is he has done NOTHING to fix immigration or solve Central America crisis. You have to know how to deal w/ Do NOTHING Donald
A good point - we can't let the coverage of this caravan (which does underscore serious problems with Central America and our immigration system) obfuscate the atrocious killing of Jamal Khashoggi's at the hands of Saudi officials.   
Delaney: As China Opens World’s Longest Sea Bridge, American Infrastructure Stalls 
 Thanks, Michael. While I don't agree with your conclusion 😀- I understand and respect your reasoning. We are all in this together after all. We should have a respectful and passionate battle of ideas but then come together to get things done.
I believe in bipartisanship but I also believe in calling out bad behavior that hurts our country. On immigration, Congressional Republicans are 100% to blame b/c they blocked a bipartisan deal that would have fixed our broken immigration system. They have been uncompromising.
We need bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform NOW and it should include funds for border security, reforms to VIsa programs, a pathway to citizenship that is fair to the people who immigrated here legally, and the provisions of the Dream Act (including DACA).
 We deal with it when it's at our border ; by working with Mexican officials. We should have fixed our broken immigration system years ago. We almost did in 2013 but hardliners blocked it. That proposal had $40 billion in border funds. The cost of doing nothing is not nothing.
 It is not in the United States so it's not a question of being legal under US laws.
There should be no struggle to answer Trump on this issue. It's simple, the GOP immigration hardliners (of which Trump is a proud member of) killed a bipartisan immigration deal in 2013. That deal would have gone a long way to fixing immigration.  
 He may be the most thoughtful member of Congress. He's absolutely terrific.
Delaney on Trump Pulling Out of Nuclear Agreement: The World Should Pray Trump Has a Strategy  
The Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) doesn’t have a catchy name, but it really works and it's bipartisan. I’ve cosponsored legislation to double the EITC and as President, this will be at the top of my agenda. 
Delaney criticizes Trump threat to withdraw foreign aid:
It was actually the House GOP who didn't give us the votes on the bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform of 2013. Senate passed it 68-32. It would have passed House if it had a vote and Obama would have signed it into law. GOP hardliners blocked it and now we pay price 
 Lots of smart policy.
President is trying to blame Dems for this but he's WRONG. GOP immigration hardliners blocked the 2012 bipartisan immigration reform bill that, if passed, would have already invested tens of billion of $s in border security.  
A big thanks to - we are fortunate that someone with his intellect and resources is tackling an issue that is so important to both hard working American families and to our nation's long term fiscal health.   
We need more politicians like my good friend and former colleague Richard Hanna. He put country over partisanship and supported the candidate whom he thinks is right for the job, regardless of party. I was honored when he appeared in my announcement video. 
I was proud to have members of my Iowa team at last night's Spirit Awards! Congrats to ; all the award winners. Thanks for all the great work you do. 
What is never discussed is the importance of foreign aid and a coordinated strategy to stabilize the Central American countries that are producing migrants. That is the best, and most cost effective, way of dealing with this crisis.  
 All in good time.
We're less than 3 weeks away from election day. This weekend, I encourage you to knock doors, make phones calls, help register voters, + anything else candidates near you need help with! If Dems want to show we can govern, first we have to win elections. 
 Of course it's not. But Trump did that because we lost all the elections. When you lose, you don't control the outcomes in society. The majority of the Americans are against that practice. This is why I want to create a "big tent" and win.
 Of course we need smart policy. That's my point. Hard edge, winner take all, partisanship does not lead to smart policy. It leads to nothing. Every single great thing this country has even done was done w/ broad support of the American people. We should be seeking the best ideas
 Unless you are God, bring data. You have got to analyze data in life. It tells a story. What conclusion do you reach that a small percentage of our country that is very partisan is also well off? Yet the rest, who are by definition under more stress, want us to work together.
It's interesting that the most partisan are also well off financially. Maybe while everyone else is struggling to get by ; wants solutions our political system is driven by the "walking worried" - people with free time to allocate to ideological battles   
 They also have time on their hands. Everyone else is trying to get by, others have the luxury of time to engage in partisan battles on social media.
Moving to a carbon free world is a goal worth pursuing not only for climate reasons (as the alarming U.N. climate report from last week describes) but also to free ourselves from the inherent volatility of the world oil market.  
The United States has historically played a leadership role in building a world order for peace, security and stability. Trump doesn't believe in that approach to foreign policy ; prefers a nationalist, transactional approach. The world is paying attention 
I'm so proud of our great organizers for all their hard work across the state supporting some terrific candidates up and down the ballot. Team Delaney is out in full force helping the blue wave roll through Iowa.  
These are all the right questions and the Congress should get the answers.  
 Coming together doesn't necessarily mean not being in a party. I support Dems who will be bipartisan and avoid being dividers. There are Dems I haven't supported because they are overly partisan and they are running against good minded Republicans.
I'm so proud to have received a perfect score on Scorecard for LGTBQ equality in all three of my terms in Congress.   
E Street Radio just played my favorite Springsteen song, Racing in the Street.  Always brings me back to growing up in Jersey and playing (over and over again) in the car that last song on the first side of the Darkness On The Edge Of Town cassette.
Everyone should read Jamal Khashoggi's last piece for the Post.  
 You are 100% right, it's always better to lift up. It was a poor choice of words. I should have said "prevent us from working together"
 Democratic Presidential candidate Rep. John Delaney from Maryland joins Chris to talk about his trip to NH and the key issues i…
 Unless you are God, bring data. This article tells a story that we have to address
Maybe the reason we've allowed the 1% to garner all the economic gains in society is because the 14% prevent us from ever finding common ground on good policy to help the American people.   
A study finds 14% of Americans (mostly white) are the extreme "screamers" on the left and the right.  67% of the country are  "exhausted" from politics ; want solutions. The obvious question is why the hell are we letting 14% of the country ruin our lives? 
ExxonMobil has a $350 Billion market capitalization. Them giving $1 million to promote a carbon tax is like an average American (~$80k estimated net worth) spending 23 cents.   I think they can do a lot more.   
 New Post: A look at how has been lending a helping hand to down-ballot Democrats in Iowa for key 2018 rac…
Campaigning ; supporting good democrats is our number one mission between now and Election Day. We've endorsed 95 candidates; given, provided or raised over $800,000 in support of candidates and parties; and will have campaigned in 10 states this October and up to Election Day
As more baby boomers retire, more will be asked of those close to them. Let’s find ways of compensating caregivers for their labor.  
 My plan is fully paid for by changes to corporate deductibility of healthcare. It also calls for the gov't to negotiate with Pharma to lower prices. How do you feel about that? It's a free market approach. Use buying power to get a good deal. POTUS should have done it. Obvious!
 No value to the system? My companies financed 5,000 small to mid sized businesses all across the country helping them grow, pursuing their dreams, building lasting businesses and creating hundreds of thousands of jobs (and massive tax revenues).
What is clear is that we need a full international investigation. The President is wrong to suggest otherwise or to treat this matter with anything less than the seriousness it deserves.  
 Congrats to  All-Star for being recognized as a leader in digital government! 
He and Bill Gates helped change the world in profoundly positive ways. Nothing on earth is more powerful than a great idea and a great entrepreneur to turn it into reality.  
 
 Again, Its not a "socialist" policy. It's a government benefit funded by taxpayer money. No different than Medicaid ; many other programs . Socialism is about the government owning and controlling the economy. It's important to understand what socialism means.
 It is not a "socialist" policy. It's a government benefit funded by taxpayer money. No different than Medicaid ; many other programs . Socialism is about the government owning and controlling the economy. It's important to understand what socialism is before advocating for it
Are you saying you want the government to mess up people's Medicare? That's a terrible idea. I want to keep and protect medicare as it is and then create a new universal healthcare plan as a right for every citizen. I'm for universal healthcare for all.
Reason is clear - socialism is the wrong answer. Big ideas for the future, real bipartisan solutions that help hard working Americans, creating opportunities for kids,  making capitalism more just ; restoring unity to our divided nation is the right answer 
 Did you read the article I attached? The point of the tweet is that I agree with that piece.
The story of America is told in places, each unique, each amazing, each deserving of a strong voice. My travels to the border gave me a deeper understanding of the issues ; opportunities facing this region ; further convinced me that the President is wrong 
Saudi Arabia is an important ally and partner to the U.S. but as this opinion points out they have more to lose than we do, which is why they should provide a full accounting of Khashoggi's disappearance ; commit to more responsible behavior going forward 
There are significant challenges facing our country and the world; the question for the American people is do we want to face them unified or do we want to face them divided?
 Game on.
 I think you are entirely wrong but you are obviously entitled to your opinion
Weaponzied information/disinformation wars ; increasingly violent protests is the future we are headed for as our nation continues to be torn apart. Or, we could restore unity ; common purpose, work together ; have a very different ; more positive future. That's the 2020 question
The leader of Amazon made smart investments ; focused on the future. The leader of Sears used a lot of debt to play financial games ; tried to turn the clock back.  This same leadership lesson applies to our country, which is why I focus on the future! 
Yes, is spot on - a global pandemic is a huge risk and he knows as much about this issue as anyone. If we were honest about our problems and risks, it would be obvious what we should do.  
 It was great to hear from and at the annual Rockingham County Harvest Potluck toni…
 ; know what it takes to win elections! Our campaign has knocked on over 10,000 doors since…
Trump's refugee policy is cruel and against our national interest.  
This important read underscores why we need to support journalists.  
I heard a new term - the "exhausted majority" - which refers to the overwhelming majority of Americans who are fed up with the endless partisanship and political fighting and just want elected officials to get real things done for them.  These are my people.
One of the great WaPo endorsements of all time and also one that is deeply deserving to a truly outstanding members of the U.S. Senate  
 "After having breakfast with Jeanne I thought, what an interesting person with a great background. We need more people l…
 "After having breakfast with Jeanne I thought, what an interesting person with a great background. We need more people l…
Great sitting down with and talking about the issues that matter in NH State Senate District 12. Proud to have endorsed such a fantastic candidate!   
 Thanks to and the for an outstanding Harvest Potluck this evening. Rockingham Democrats showed toni…
 Honored to be among the speakers at the Harvest Dinner alongside
 A rainy Saturday isn’t going to stop to knock on some 🚪s! Thank you and for kick…
 Thank you to for coming to Laconia and firing up our canvass. United we can make a difference. Our country…
 We (US) cut infrastructure $$ in half in the last 50 yrs while competitors doubled theirs. We will govern. 
Thank you + team for having me at the canvass launch ; showing me Laconia Pumpkin Fest! State Senate NH7 seat was decided by 17 votes last time so every knock is critically important.   
Happy  Thank you to all the Navy servicemen and women who have protected and served us for your 243 years of sacrifice.  
As I'm traveling around the country campaigning for candidates my reading list includes The Coddling of The American Mind and insightful The War On Normal People. 
Unless we restore a sense of unity to our nation ; improve the public discourse we risk a continued fragmentation of our nation into almost warring parties using information warfare and potentially violent protests to impede or block a functioning democracy. The stakes are high
Great to be at the canvass launch this morning with and Jerry Stringham. 24 more days until the midterms, make sure you have a plan to vote!    
 It was great to introduce and welcome at back to NH! Looking forward to some doors today!  
Patrick's lighting up the phone lines in  working to replace Steve King and elect who will fight for all Iowans. 
 Who are you hanging out with on Saturday? Here's what we are doing! You should come and hang with the cool kids too!
 You just made my point better than I ever could; that's why we need to win! All we should focus on is winning ; getting the country on a better trajectory. We win by talking about pocketbook issues (bc that's what Americans care about) and telling a better story about the future
 It's pretty simple math. If we build a coalition of 60% of Americans we win and govern. Less than 1/3rd of country identifies as Dems so you need others to win. And yes, I do understand the stakes, which is why I focus on winning as opposed to changing every Trump voters mind!
With today's endorsements in New Hampshire, our Focus on the Future initiative has now supported 50 great candidates in the Granite State. Excited to be back in NH this weekend supporting local Democrats   
Proud to endorse and support and a great group of local candidates from across NH   
 I don't think "big tent" is shallow and insincere. I think it's actually both the roadmap to get real things done for people (it's how every great thing in our country was done across time) and it's a pretty darn good way to win some elections.
We are less than a month away from  the most critical time for most campaigns, especially in battleground areas. I'm going around the country, supporting candidates that can win AND govern. Join me in committing to this final push. 
 Best way to beat TRUMP (IMHO) is to point out crisis in our democracy he is causing, the dark place it is taking us ; then tell a better story about how we have plans to improve people's lives on pocketbook issues that matter to them- jobs, pay, healthcare, education, retirement
Well said - "to eventually beat Trump, liberals must remaster the language of unity and hope." Another way of saying it is that we need to tell a better story.  
Ever since Trump pulled out of TPP (with the cheering of a lot of Democrats) conditions for workers, unions and democracy got worse around the world. Shame on those democrats and republicans  that opposed the TPP.  As President I will restore TPP.  
As a proud ally and a member of the LGBT Equality Caucus in Congress, I applaud all the brave people who choose to share their stories on  
Excited to be back in the  this weekend supporting great candidates  
For years people badly predicted weather but technology improved forecasting and now they generally get it right. It's the opposite with elections. The accuracy of polling has been reduced by technology (cell phones etc). Bottom line, don't worry about polls, get people to VOTE.
Improving the lives of girls globally is one of the most important things we must do to improve the world.
The US should lead on these issues and set an example for the world. Raising four daughters, April and I have made this a priority and I’m so proud of her work with and to advance the research we need to drive better policies.
As we mark International  we should make sure that we’re standing up for young women here at home and around the world. In 2018, too many young women still have limited opportunities and face daily threats to their health, safety and prosperity.
Disturbing and part of a larger trend.  The press is a critical component of democracy and all Americans need to stand up for innocent journalists. This starts with POTUS who unfortunately has been a leading critic of the free and independent press.  
 David, I think we definitely have to work with good minded people no matter what side of the aisle they are on to get things done.  Reestablishing common purpose is incredibly important at this difficult moment in politics.
Getting ready to do some door knocking for  in Johnston. Karin is doing the hard work, putting in the hours ; talking to voters face to face. She is exactly the kind of leader Iowans need and deserve.  
I prefer "when they go low, we go and win." 
Let's keep this energy going. 
In the last week, I've been campaigning with Democrats in TX, AZ, NV and IA. It's time for us to support candidates up and down the ballot and make sure we show up in big numbers in November.  the change you want to see! 
40 mill Americans deal w/ mental health issues ; only ~1 in 4 mental health patients in the US have access to health care. We have a mental health crisis that's not being addressed. We must destigmatize seeking help ; give everyone access to affordable care.  
A financial crisis could be triggered by a rapid devaluing of assets or insurance contracts w/exposure to extreme weather or fossil fuels. A crisis is triggered when a big, historically stable, asset class falls rapidly in value. We need to act on climate 
Pundits like to say Dems want a "fighter."  Let me propose another option, how about a "winner."  If you are smart, you win, and then you get things done and make progress. When you just yell and scream, you lose, and no progress is made. Remember, "spouting whales get harpooned"
 2020 WATCH-NEW: 3-term Congressman of Maryland to headline Harvest Potluck Dinner 10/13 in Epping…
To make sure that the benefits outweigh the costs, we have to take a proactive approach.
The world is preparing for the  revolution, but our gov't has no plan. That's why I founded the AI Caucus ; introduced the bipartisan Future of AI Act, leg that brings lawmakers ; experts together to develop a strategy for the changes that are coming. 
 and
Good article about Beto and how he is running a positive, non partisan campaign. I know there are those who think that's not the right way to win, but they are wrong. Totally wrong. And they will realize it when it's too late.  
The next step is making Election Day a holiday - which I've filed legislation in Congress to do.
The upcoming election is too important to miss! Kudos to ; for helping people vote. For working people, people with families, people that face transportation issues, getting to the polls can be a real struggle. 
 Also my pup likes this book you signed for my mom in NH. 🐾👍🏼 
One of the reasons I'm running on an agenda of trying to get things done is because we desperately need to do some things - like a big bipartisan climate deal. Time is running out. And yes, it can be done.  
2/2 ...partisan institution. And it will be up to those who opposed his confirmation to evaluate Mr. Kavanaugh fairly in his new position."  Common purpose among our people and trust in our institutions are cornerstones to our success and we need to work hard to restore them.
1/2 Well said by WaPo editorial board: "it will be up to the new justice to seek to reassure a country riven over his selection that he has the temperament and judgment to do the job; as important, it will be up to the court as a whole to demonstrate that it is not just another..
Pay and benefits is a bigger issue in many ways than the number of jobs and automation/robotics will make the issue even bigger. We need new thinking on supporting workers through this transition  
 Rep. was in Vegas this weekend to help fire up  you for coming to campaign with us and to
Proud to campaign with and support my good friends and They’ll be spectacular leaders in DC fighting for the people of AZ and getting real things done. 
Campaigning with candidates who want to get real things done like makes me incredibly determined  to not let the political system fail the American people for the next twenty years like it has for the last twenty years.
I was in LV campaigning for Dems like and who are focusing on what really matters now, the elections. Dems have great candidates everywhere that are focused on key issues. 
I phone banked with and a super group of dedicated volunteers. The people on the ground make all the difference in supporting excellent candidates like Zach. 
Had a great conversation with a terrific Dem who liked my comments because I didn't use the standard Dem talking point -  "that's not who we are."  We should tell people who we are, not vaguely say what we are not.
One of the things I will pledge as President is to wipe out hunger in our country. It is unconscionable that a nation with both our wealth and abundant food supply allows food insecurity and chronic hunger to exist.  
Had a great time knocking doors with in Las Vegas. I’m here this weekend supporting some incredible Democrats in any way I can. This November is incredibly important for us all! 
Great endorsement for a great candidate. Glad I was able to join in Texas on Friday to help her campaign. Go everywhere. Talk to everyone. That’s how we win. 
If working with people to get real things done to help Americans and improve the world makes someone a moderate, then bring it on!  It's the best way to win and - more importantly - it's the only way to govern and advance good policy  
As was well said below: "Were the hearings and the outcome a fatal setback for the promises of the movement? Hardly. That wouldn't be the American way. History teaches that social change is slow and halting, but it keeps bending toward justice." (5/5) 
No matter what side of the confirmation debate you were on, or how you viewed the facts, we can all agree that this issue is bigger than Judge Kavanaugh's nomination. From that point of agreement, we must move forward and work together to make real progress. And we can. (4/5)
They are forcing us to use the democratic process, including free speech and voting, to create a world where we end both sexual assault and the normalization of dismissing and belittling those who step forward.  (3/5)
They are forcing society to recognize the true depth of the pain suffered by women (and all) survivors and reminding us of our obligation to listen and treat them with dignity, respect and compassion. (2/5)
It is inarguable that this process - punctuated by Trump's mean spirited mocking of Dr. Ford - sent a terrible message to women.  But Dr. Ford, and the women who made their voices heard, sent a more important message.  (1/5)
 are working hard to get so many great like and elected! We're only 31 days away from one the most consequential elections in recent memory — we can win this 
Great being in Houston w/ The best way to change Washington is by electing good-minded leaders. Lizzie will be a smart ; strong champion for her district in Congress. She’ll defend Texans’ health care, fight for a better future ; put country first.   
I’m in Houston today and excited to be w/ IBEW Local 716. My dad's union, IBEW Local 164, gave me so many opportunities including the chance to go to a prestigious school that I couldn't have afforded. All around the US, unions are preparing kids for the future in similar ways.
Dems didn't get "outplayed" on Kavanaugh; Dems lost the House, the Senate and the White House in 2016. In business you learn to honestly describe the problem.  We need to do more of that in politics if we want to solve the real problem.  
Had a great time last night with my colleagues and addressing (and thanking) a room full of amazing veterans at VFW in Donna Texas. 
 SCOOPLET: John Delaney to campaign in Arizona on Monday for Kyrsten Sinema and Ann Kirkpatrick
In just 3 days, voting will begin in Iowa where Dems are working to take back control of their state legislature w/top-notch candidates like Every door knock matters. Conversations are the keys to victory. Thank you, Anita ; Alex, for your hard work!  
 It's 2020 already: Retiring U.S. Rep. John Delaney of MD (an announced presidential candidate) comes to Texas this weeke…
John 3:18: "let us love not in word or speech but in deed and truth" Good minded Republicans like need to take actions (not just speeches) to counter Trump when he degrades our values ; reduces our global standing. Deeds not words is what we need 
 We are all in this together.
 Fair point but here is another way of looking at: In one form or another, my companies had hundreds - if not thousands - of related or subsidiary companies. Total number of bankruptcies: zero. But I'm not alone, most business leaders work really hard to pay all of their bills.
As a blue collar kid, I started 2 respected companies that became NYSE listed; inherited hundreds of millions of dollars and left a trail of bankruptcies - he would likely be worth more if he just put his inheritance in an index fund! 
 Don’t sleep on He’s not on media radar but he has the right mes…
Costs for employer based healthcare growing at these rates is a national disaster in terms of its impact on wages, growth, mobility and savings. We need universal healthcare that includes a plan to lower costs and delink healthcare from employment.  
The tone at the top matters, which is why Trump's mocking of Dr. Ford was so inappropriate. No matter how he feels about the process around Judge Kavanaugh's nomination, a true leader should always appeal to our better angels. Mocking Dr. Ford is the opposite of that.
At this year’s Hall of Fame Dinner, we'll honor civil rights leader ; Latinx activist, Mary Campos. She fought for justice ; equality during times when that wasn't the most popular thing to do. I can't attend this year, but I encourage you all to go!  
I had a great time speaking at yesterday with about the future of work in the age of  We must make sure that the economy works for everyone, even as we embrace technology. 
If we don't continue to improve upon and expand VAWA, we are telling women in this country that their stories and experiences don't matter, they are not a priority. I hope we can get it right in December.
October is  Last week, President Trump signed an extension for the Violence Against Women Act until Dec. 7. This is not enough - we need expanded protections and more permanent action. 
 It's rather noteworthy that John Delaney is about as well-known in Iowa now as Senators Harris and Gillibrand are. He s…
Are you fed up with the bigotry ; hate speech of Rep. Steve King? Check out his opponent who was at the Steak Fry with me. J.D. is standing tall for all ; recent polls have shown him within striking distance of Iowa's worst member of Congress. 
 Silicon Valley, Boston, New York, and Los Angeles
Would it surprise you if I told you 80% of the US' start-up capital went to 4 cities last year? That should shock us all! America should be a place of equal opportunity, not birthright, ; that requires investing in hard-hit and low-performing communities. 
Really well said by at Ideas Festival - the  movement is about "The lives of women being as valued as much as the lives of men."
 Very inspired by candidate for 2020 speaking about bipartisan ship.  
 Standing room only for who leads the  Caucus in Congress  
  says since gvt regulation often comes too late there is an instinct to do too much.  
 This morning at  discussed the need for local and community involvement in preparing worke…
 The central issue I hear from people is - how do we take this divided nation and get a sense of unity, and a sense of…
 Dem  contender takes the stage at  to talk future of work and economic displacement. Thi…
About to speak Ideas Festival on the future of work! 
Meet Abby is poised ; ready to send Congressman Rod Blum  home packing back to his hometown of Dubuque. Abby is running a fantastic campaign to help ensure we have a   
A interesting read on the effort to limit free speech on certain college campuses. It is incredibly important to our democracy and the cause of progress to listen to both sides of an argument, including from people we don't agree with. It may be uncomfortable, but it's necessary 
A year ago, 58 lives were lost and hundreds more were injured in the deadliest mass shooting in modern history. We have a responsibility to act and to implement common sense gun safety legislation. 
 was the scrappy blue collar kid who made good in business and then got himself elected to Congress. He delivere…
 announces he’s hired Obama 08 alum as “Iowa digital director” for 2020 presidential campai…
  speaks at the Polk County Steak Fry in a downpour.Also a sidenote to whoever edits my forthcoming story:…
  at Steak Fry: “In 60 years, we’ve watched the American dream evaporate before our eyes ... The calling o…
Great speech by at Steak Fry.  Fred is exactly what Iowa needs in a Governor; he's smart and has good values, he has a plan for Iowa's future, he/Charlotte have a singular track record of giving back, he's not a career politician ; he is serving for the right reason
I ran into my colleague and his wife, Terry, at the  A little rain won't keep away today ; nothing will keep them away on Election Day!  
It was great to stop by Fest this morning. I met some great people and spoke with members of fantastic organizations doing great work across the state of Iowa.   
 "We have a unique opportunity to talk to people who haven't been listening to us for a long time" - 
 Bipartisan-supported issues like infrastructure, criminal justice reform ; national service would be among
 "We have to fight for what we believe in, but we also have to win elections" says of the Democratic Part…
Right answer. Yesterday's testimony by Dr. Ford ; Judge Kavanaugh made clear that the next step should be an independent investigation; all parties should want that. An immediate vote would have torn the country even further apart ; served no one.  
I had a great time with talking about how we need to focus on coalition-building, not "slicing up" the country. Let's build a big tent coalition so we can win, govern, and turn our big ideas into reality. 
 After 2 years of almost total Republican control, are ready to fight back this November with an outstanding slate of candidates! See you tomorrow  
Trump is wrong to say that the  movement is dangerous.  is a movement against sexual assault - maybe the movement is dangerous for people who commit sexual assault, but it's healthy for society generally.  
What is getting ZERO attention is the fact that the Violence Against Women Act is set to expire this month. This is OUTRAGEOUS. Republican leadership should be working to reauthorize and strengthen this important law rather than rushing a SCOTUS nomination 
...gender discrimination and sexual harassment, and where women are not the victims of sexual assault of any kind and if they are, then their voices are heard and we act. In that spirit, we need to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act NOW.
Yesterday was National Daughter Day and I'm SO proud of my four AMAZING daughters. They are one of the many reasons I fight to make the world a better place for women and girls. I want a world where women get equal pay for equal work, where we eliminate bullying,...
I'm looking forward to joining ; as headliners at the  on Saturday. And a special thanks to the over 100 volunteers working hard to make this a fantastic event! 
In summary: Expanding the EITC has bipartisan support, would increase wages for low-income Americans, and reduce unemployment. Seems like a no-brainer to me.
If the EITC were expanded on a national level, the effects would be even greater. An estimated 15 million workers would qualify for benefits. This would cost a fraction of what Trump’s tax cuts have cost us and have an overwhelmingly positive effect on working Americans.
New York City recently experimented with expanding the EITC and the results were positive. Not only did incomes for low-wage workers increase, but unemployment went down. The effects were the largest on the most vulnerable demographics, including the previously incarcerated.
Here’s one way we can reverse this trend: We must expand the Earned Income Tax Credit. I’ve cosponsored legislation to do this. The EITC has long-term bipartisan support, and it should be expanded to include a broader range of the workforce.
The economy isn’t working for working people. Too much of the benefits of recent economic growth are concentrated at the top ; in a few zip codes. Working people are still hurting- upward mobility is declining and wage growth has been too low for too long. 
Congratulations - he's terrific. 
TODAY is voter registration day! Registering to vote takes no time at all and is one of the most important civic duties.  
 There was a bunch of 2020  activity in Iowa over the weekend. was out knocking doors for a coupl…
I had a great time canvassing this past weekend for and Meeting people face-to-face is the best way to get out the vote AND for candidates to get at real solutions that will work for everyone. 
Well said.
Beto is right. We must stand strong in our beliefs but use the systems of democracy - voting, laws, civil disobedience, free speech - to drive change. Peaceful protests that make people feel uncomfortable are effective but heckling families will not produce the change we all want 
Unfortunately the trends indicate a growing refugee class around the world. The world must step forward and stem this humanitarian crisis - doing so is both morally correct and in our self interest if we care about global stability.  
 As you probably know, his farewell address strongly warns against the dangers of hyper partisanship.
A good read on why I think the central question facing our country is how do we take this fractured nation and start bringing it back together.  
Tomorrow is National Voter Registration Day. Your vote is your voice so make sure you're heard this coming November and beyond.  
Today in 1789, Washington nominated the first 6 justices to the Supreme Court. I bet the founding fathers would be so disappointed by the partisan games is playing including shunning Merrick Garland’s nomination and trying to rush Kavanaugh’s.
I want to thank all the volunteers, candidates and members of my team who came out today to knock on doors for Direct voter contact is one of the best ways for Democrats to get out our message and win.   
I was happy to endorse last month, ; I'm excited to be back in Iowa today to knock on doors with this fabulous candidate.   
 Of course SCOTUS picks are based on politics/winning, which is why I want a big tent Democratic Party so we can win in 2020.  But this week's hearing with Ford and Kavanaugh should not be political; it should be about respectfully trying to understand and find the truth
 I called for all parties to participate in a thorough and balanced process with a focus on respect and the truth.
Very good that Dr. Ford will be heard ; the hearing for Dr. Ford ; Judge Kavanaugh must be thorough, balanced ; free of politics - it's about respect and the truth. Unfortunately, undermines this spirit and process by attacking Dr. Ford.  
There’s huge bipartisan support to revitalize our infrastructure but instead, Congress spends all their time fighting. The cost of doing nothing is not nothing.
"Longer commutes are linked with increased rates of obesity, high cholesterol, high blood pressure, back and neck pain, divorce, depression and death." 
Things will continue to get worse for American consumers and businesses the further we go down this path. 
It used to be that if you worked hard ; played by the rules, you could get ahead. But that American Dream is fading for too many. We've got to start getting things done for working families again ; we've got to make sure that everyone in America has a shot 
 Strike that.  We’ll have two buses to tour at the Steak Fry.  We’re happy to hitch up for Team  too!
Not sure about that as I'm only a 6 year member of Congress but I am a 20 year entrepreneur and CEO plus a totally new take on what's happening in the world.
Well said by She's right that we need new faces ; new ideas (that's why I'm running for President) but we also need experience.  No one on the planet knows how Congress can work to check Trump more than her and she is tougher than anyone! 
We are excited to welcome our newest organizer, Gregory, to our Iowa team. He is hard at work helping to spread the word about this Sunday's Canvass Kick-Off with We're doing what we can to  this November!  
This is terrible behavior and it shows the utter lack of respect people are showing women generally and survivors of sexual assault in particular. This conversation needs to be about respect.  
Senator Grassley and the Republican members of the Senate Judiciary Committee should absolutely accept the terms that Dr. Ford is offering to testify later next week.  Monday is an artificial deadline; this is too important to rush.  
April ; I are saddened by the shooting in Harford County ; send our thanks to law enforcement for their work at the scene. These events are tragically all too frequent, but we can't ever treat them as normal. We must make sure that schools, workplaces, public spaces etc are safe.
 Agreed. Was impressed with thoughtfulness, storytelling ability, and skill in presenting complicated iss…
Well and truly argued by - we need a massive expansion of the EITC, which is why I have co-sponsored Ro's bill and called for a doubling of the EITC as part of my presidential campaign.   
Let's remember that Justice Scalia's seat was held open for more than 400 days by Senate Republicans.  This current process was always rushed; slowing it down and having a balanced and thorough process is the right answer.  
 Thanks for joining AB Stoddard in to talk about your 2020 Presidential run and your boo…
We cannot let the Trump administration pull us backward. 
"Speaking in New Hampshire over the weekend, he set out his policies in remarkable detail." 
Very excited to be joining for her canvass kick-off event!  
A big win for transparency. We have a long way to go, including reversing Citizens United, but this is good progress.  
 As a chef, when I see a dish that can be improved, I take the time to improve it. It’s the same with our country. Join…
 poor management of his legal team reflects his bad management skills generally. A good manager would have selected a skilled lawyer to manage the whole process and see it through to the end (no matter what that end is). Instead, craziness 
It is important that Judge Kavanaugh ; Dr. Ford testify before Senate Judiciary.  This should be done by an independent attorney to avoid a circus like atmosphere ; get to the truth. The American people and all women deserve a thorough and balanced process 
On this date in 1787, the Constitution was signed by the delegates of the Constitutional Convention. Now more than ever, it is essential that we remain a nation of laws. Happy  
 Here's some advice, based on the Thomas-Hill experience:Both Dems and GOP should want professional, outside counsel to q…
During Hispanic Heritage Month we celebrate the customs, legacies, ; achievements of friends ; neighbors w/ Hispanic roots. This country wouldn't be the country it is w/o a great diversity of people ; ideas. I believe in an America where people of all backgrounds are welcomed. 
 It was so nice to hear a message of hope today from , , and thank-you!   
 What a beautiful evening in Milford with to talk about the future of our state and our country. Thank…
Looking forward to seeing you all again soon! 
 I’m reminded of wisdom when it comes to public figures accused of sexual assault:If you start from the pre…
Granite Staters, let’s make sure we elect to the NH State Senate and to the NH State House! 
The cost of doing nothing is not nothing.I’m at St. Anselm College in Manchester, NH talking about what we need to do to prepare our citizens for the changes of the future and my vision for America, 2030.   
Spent the morning canvassing with  
 The first announced 2020 Presidential candidate, Congressman is at talking about his vision for…
 2020 WATCH-NOW: Declared Democratic presidential candidate and Maryland Congressman  caps a 3-day swing…
Thanks for having me! 
An extraordinary rebuke of Trump/GOP by Seth Klarman, who was GOP's largest donor and who is widely considered one of the great investors of modern times; also know for his intelligence, decency ; philanthropy. He lays out the roadmap for Dems at the end 
 Kicking off this afternoon’s canvassing with 2020  candidate Congressman So glad to meet this support…
Canvassing for NH Democrats and   
Day 2 of my 3-day trip to NH! Started the day with a canvass launch in Manchester for Let’s make sure Democrats win up and down the ballot in November!   
  rolling with a crew to support Nashua YD of the Year, This group of young activists are quickly b…
Great to be back in Nashua! 
Packed room tonight at the Annual Gala!   
Just landed in Manchester, NH. Quick interview with before heading to Nashua to headline the Annual Gala!   
As Hurricane Florence bears down on the Carolinas, here's a good rundown on various ways you can help your fellow Americans in need:
Our prayers are with those affected by Hurricane Florence. Our fellow Americans are in need, and in times like these we bring out the best in each other. Please consider making a donation to the American Red Cross to help with relief efforts.
 Congressman John Delaney first declared Democratic candidate for president, will be sharing his vision f…
With my presidential campaign, I'm bringing Progressives, Centrists, and Independents together to begin building, for America 2030. Read More at
Looking forward to being back! 
Democrats should NOT get sucked into the "beltway" chatter about the party wanting true progressives vs centrists vs establishment for two reason. First, Americans correctly don't care about these labels, they want solutions. Second, it divides our party; a divided party is weak.
A good example as to why the stock market at record highs is irrelevant to most Americans, including some of the most valued Americans, like teachers.  No teacher should have to do this.  
New Hampshire saw a record-breaking turnout in yesterday's Democratic primary. The  is coming.  
 Not sure if your point. The record is clear, Bill Clinton was the last President to manage deficits and he was and is a Democrat. And his fiscal team, led by Bob Rubin and Lloyd Benson, understood the problem with excessive deficits and they dealt with it. We need them today!
 I'm running for President and this is one of the stated goals of my administration.
 Last I checked the last president to make progress on the budget was Bill Clinton who actually had a surplus. My math says that was 25 years ago.
We need a bipartisan long term budget deal that targets deficits of 2%, which is less than our rate of growth, and will lower the debt to GDP ratio.
We are leaving an arguably immoral debt to the next generation. 
Congratulations to - you have been a terrific public servant and New Hampshire will be fortunate to have you as the next Governor. 
Congratulations to - he will make a GREAT member of Congress. 
The next President needs to be able to unite our country and work to get real things done for people, not work to get talking points. I went on with to talk about what democratic leadership should look like. 
We stand together in mourning ; in remembrance. We remember the innocent lives lost ; the families who would never be the same. We remember the heroism of those who rushed in ; gave their lives. We honor those who have fought to keep us safe and we pledge to   
 I've been to lots of states campaigning for candidates and attending events. But Iowa does have the first caucus and they have a unique role to vet candidates. A national primary would favor candidates that the media covers; the Iowa and NH model allows for grassroots.
As I've always said, you have to do the work. We have been to all 99 counties and done roughly 200 events in Iowa, talking to voters everywhere.  It's great that nearly 8 in 10 Iowans know about our campaign and movement. 
These are the kind of big goals we need. I've formally led a congressional effort for "50 by 30" (50% of electricity carbon free by 2030). Once we do that, we can take a run at 100% by 2050, but we need new leaders and smart, market oriented policies.  
The cost of doing nothing is not nothing! This piece does a nice job at summarizing why inaction in government, driven by hyper partisanship, hurts people and democracy.  
This piece argues that investing in communities is a good way to reduce crime, and I couldn't agree more - as it says "to this day, most policies that aim to reduce crime focus on punishing people rather than improving places." We need new thinking.  
Shana Tova! Wishing everyone that's beginning to celebrate tonight a happy and blessed Rosh Hashanah with their family. 
Obama's speech on Friday was inspirational in many ways but what really stuck out was his defense of principled compromise. We must work together to get things done for the American people, it's the only way to put lasting change into action. 
We're just three weeks away from the famous  I'm honored to be one of the headliners of this iconic Iowa event. Our team is helping to spread the word and we hope to see you at Water Works Park on September 29th! 
I didn’t say I was against keeping the troops, I just think congress needs to debate and reauthorize.
Once ISIS is defeated in Syria it is not clear that the President can continue to engage in Syria under the 17 year old Authorization for Military Force (AUMF). Congress needs to debate ; authorize a new AUMF.  The American people ; our military deserve it 
 When people can create videos of our elected officials saying and doing things they did not do or say, and these videos are completely realistic, then trust in our leaders and our Democracy will be non-existent.  Maybe you are right, and that is not a real issue, but I disagree
This is an incredibly important topic. In the near future, technology will enable fake videos - where real people’s faces and voices will be realistically inserted into videos showing them doing things they didn’t do.  
It is very moving the way Mr. Guttenberg speaks about his obviously amazing daughter and how he has dealt with what must be an utterly overwhelming loss. Hug your kids and fight for what you believe in. 
 Sorry you feel that way (and I don’t agree with you) but still sorry they are bothering you. In my prior life in business and my work in philanthropy I used to sponsor events with Christmas in April. I think that’s your group, they are great btw.
A good story in an otherwise depressing news cycle.  
I support this response but we must do more to address out of control drug prices at the federal level. Not allowing the government to negotiate for lower prices with Big Pharma is a wealth transfer from the US taxpayers to the shareholders of Big Pharma.  
Good for you !!!  
The reason people write anonymous opeds from the White House is the same reason they leak information to the press - they are terrified about what they are seeing and need to do something to either protect our nation or simply appease their own guilt. Vote for Democrats.
This quote from the anonymous op-ed from a senior Trump admin official says it all. “The root of the problem is the president’s amorality. Anyone who works with him knows he is not moored to any discernible first principles that guide his decision making.” 
 Proud to stand with and al…
His opinion regarding our troops is certainly a credible one! 
 Save the date! Sept 15 I’ll be joined by Congressman for a house party in Exeter. See you there! 
 2020 WATCH-NEW: Declared Democratic presidential candidate and Maryland Congressman returns to NH Sept. 1…
 Meet  Proud son of a union household.  Scrappy start-up businessman.  Advocate for better healthcare, better e…
Let’s remember that part of the reason the ; NFL protests exist is because we have FAILED to reform our criminal justice system, which imprisons black men at a shockingly high rate. We need to act NOW on the bipartisan support to fix this arguably immoral system.
Working people standing together in the labor movement gave us weekends, an end to child labor and good jobs with benefits. That voice is more important than ever.
Today is also a day to recommit ourselves to standing up for workers’ rights: the right to organize, the right to fair wages, the right to a workplace free from discrimination and harassment and more.
Labor Day is about celebrating the progress the labor movement has made improving working conditions ; benefits for Americans. It's also a reminder that we've taken steps to make capitalism more just ; inclusive. There's still a lot more to do ; it's time to come together. 
“Half of Americans are having trouble paying for basic needs such as food and housing”   
The cost of doing nothing is not nothing.  
This is an important opinion piece.  
This week,I unveiled my "America, 2030" presentation in Des Moines ; Cedar Rapids. I spoke about the big trends that are affecting our future ; big ideas about what we need to do to make sure our kids have a chance at the American Dream. Looking forward to bringing it nationwide. 
 Agree entirely. FT gets it.
The economic and military rise of China, and their growing global ambitions, is the most important economic and geopolitical issue of the next several decades. It gets almost no coverage in the media.
Just left a very moving congressional ceremony for John McCain in the Capitol Rotunda. Senator McCain will lie in state, an honor he deeply deserves.
Good description of how China’s practices are creating an opportunity for US engagement. Trump made a terrible decision to tear up the TPP.  
Meeting with the talented and passionate Gustavo Torres, who runs Casa Maryland and fights for the rights of immigrants everyday. 
An excellent idea. I started the AI caucus so policymakers could better understand the implications of tech advancement. The next generation of leaders, who are already digital ; tech-savvy, will want paths that can lead them into areas of public interest. 
There's no excuse for climate change skeptics and deniers—the evidence is here for anyone to see. 
 Excited to have be one of our hosts for the 7th Annual Nashua Dems Gala. We are looking forward to heari…
The economy is doing well on avg but avg becomes meaningless when we’re talking about the struggles Americans face. Health care costs are still rising ; jobs are continuing to be disrupted by advancing technology. We have to provide our citizens with more. 
Reversing this trend is central to what my campaign and platform are about. Join me:  
Job vacancies are at an all-time high but we still have more than 6 million people unemployed. It’s time to focus on how America prepares its workforce for the jobs of today and tomorrow.  
Hurricane Katrina touched down on the Gulf Coast 13 years ago today. The tragic mismanagement of the federal response to Katrina is a terrible reminder of how important it is to elect leaders who will run our government competently and compassionately. 
 ...aaaaaand we're off! Just listened to do a "Ted Talk" on a strategic plan for the future. Refreshing. Smart…
 Democratic presidential hopeful looking ahead to 2020 -- and beyond:  
An important piece on the growing military capability of China and the threat it presents to our national security and ability of our Navy to play the role it has historically played in keeping the global sea lanes open for American commerce.  
 The 2018 Steak Fry headliners are ; They'll be joined by
 I’ve spoken with many national reporters lately about 2020 candidates coming out to Iowa early. Biggest benefit:
 Thank you  for a great presentation about Americas future and our need for new leaders! 
 Join me Tuesday, Aug. 28, 7:00 pm at Cedar Rapids Museum of Art, 410 3rd Ave SE, for presentation by Whi…
Well and truly said by a true patriot. 
 This is worth your time. has little time for cynicism. 
 What's the best way to bring civility, respect, and problem-solving back to Washington democratic candid…
 We will “check him” in 2018 by taking back the House and we will “beat him” in 2020 if we become a big tent party (which is my plan).  The key is to be a unifying party with big ideas in the areas that matter to real people - jobs, pay, healthcare, education ; opportunity.
We can never become immune to mass shootings like the one yesterday in Jacksonville and we can never act like this is normal. A bipartisan majority of Americans want gun safety legislation and we must keep working to make it happen. 
Spot on piece by - while Trump distract us with his circus antics (and we fall for it) he is selling the country to the highest bidders and rolling back critical consumer and environmental protections.  
98yrs ago today, American women were given the right to vote. On this  we honor the trailblazers who fought 2 secure women’s rights and the sacrifices they made in the fight for equality. We’ve come a long way but there’s still work 2 do 
 He is a hero of mine. I don’t have to make believe anything for that to be true. God bless him.
John McCain was living proof that you can be both strong and principled while also being civil and bipartisan. He had all of those attributes in abundance.
More on Senator McCain: I, like most Americans, spent this evening reflecting on the incomparable life of this true giant of our time. I decided to close the evening by reading one of my favorite poems: “Do not go gentle into that good night.”
Rest In Peace Senator. And thank you for your courage, patriotism, decency and incomparable service to our country and the cause of freedom. You lived a life rooted in honesty and love of country and every American is better for it.  
It's totally unacceptable that we're dragging our feet on protecting our democracy. The President needs to stop denying our vulnerability here and support measures like my legislation to bock foreign ownership of elections systems. 
This quote really sums it up: “Even on his signature issue of trade, he can’t begin to describe the situation correctly — much less outline a coherent strategy for improving Americans’ economic well-being.” 
We cannot have a president who uses his office to direct political attacks. 
On this day in 1932, Amelia Earhart successfully completed the first solo, coast-to-coast flight by a woman. Her pioneering and innovative spirit is a model for what we can accomplish when we dream big. 
All of our prayers should be with John McCain, a deeply heroic and patriotic American. God Bless you Senator as you spend time with your family and continue to mange your condition.  
Congress MUST get to the bottom of Trump’s involvement in the crime Cohen admitted and determine Trump’s involvement ; guilt.  As Members of Congress we took an oath to support and defend the Constitution. Determining the lawlessness of POTUS is our job, we swore we would do it.
 I’m against gerrymandering everywhere, including Maryland, which is why I’ve introduced comprehensive legislation to end it. Everywhere.
 Are you a critic?😀
 Do you work at capsource?
We should actually want a President that conducts themselves in a way that is good for our citizens and bad for the shareholders of cable news stations. Today we have the opposite.
While scientists warn of increasing temperatures, the Trump admin believes the solution is to roll back efforts to reduce emissions. This is misguided ; backwards-looking policy. I have a plan that will help displaced coal workers ; lower GH gas emissions. 
 As Mark Twain said “it’s never wrong to do the right thing”
Agree. The real action in politics is how we bring this terribly divided nation back together and start working to get real things done for the American people. My campaign is about that  - working together to improve, education, jobs ; opportunity.  
We deserve so much better than this dysfunctional and embarrassing reality show administration. 
Government is not the solution to all, or most, problems facing society. But destroying government is NOT the answer either.  We should be working together to make government smarter ; more responsive to the changes in the world so that our citizens are prepared for the future.
We need universal healthcare in the US. It’s a basic human right, we can afford it when you consider how much we spend, and it’s smart economics. My plan for universal healthcare builds on the ACA’s Medicaid expansion model.  
 Thanks, Jeff. And it’s okay to have disagreements on policy. In fact, it can be healthy. What really matters is how you have lived your life and how you have cared for you family and supported your friends. Most of life has nothing to do with government.
 My unsolicited advice, everything on Twitter is public - to employers, schools, etc. You disagree with my assessment of my District - that’s fine. Engage in that debate respectfully and treat people with respect - don’t call them liars or flawed unless you really know them.
 I don’t know Coakley but Anthony Brown is NOT a flawed nominee. He served our country in military with distinction, went to Harvard, served as state legislator, Lt Gov, and is now a great member of Congress. What in your life experiences gives you the right to say he’s flawed?
 It’s important to understand the difference between a presidential year (where Dems turn out) and a mid term. Understanding those differences is key to understanding politics.
As we reflect up Trump’s friends and associates being guilty of charges, let’s remember the dignity, character and grace that Obama bestowed upon the Oval Office. Obama is a model for the character of a President.
The Cohen/Manafort guilty verdicts/plea are a great reminder that we need a POTUS with character and integrity. These people were Trump’s FRIENDS!  How a President has lived their life, treated their family ; who they have associated with is relevant to their fitness for office.
Trump’s buddies and fixers - Manafort and Cohen - found guilty and plead guilty within hours of each other. Reminds me of the expression “show me who your friends are and I will tell you what you are.”
We're putting in the work, building grassroots support and talking to voters everywhere. Smart piece on why doing all 99 counties matters: 
“He seems like he’s a breath of fresh air." My campaign is getting noticed in Iowa. Read in-state coverage here. 
 Maryland and Massachusetts are deeply blue states based on the conventional - and often wrong - rating systems yet they have Republican governors.  Election dynamics vary significant from year to year. My district has 1.5-2x the turn out in presidential yr compared to midterms.
“Traveling to all of Iowa’s 99 counties is still very much a smart strategy to getting into contention on caucus night." Read more from about how I'll make Iowa blue again in 2020.
“He seems like he’s a breath of fresh air." Excited to see my campaign getting noticed in Iowa. Read more from
"Delaney is a worthy candidate and could win the Iowa caucuses." Read more from on what Iowans are saying about my campaign.
 Not a very productive back and forth but for clarity I uniquely had a good opponent. Dan was “Trump before Trump” in many ways, he raised several million dollars, had run state wide in ‘12 and had very high name ID as a result and ran a real and good  campaign in every respect.
 In 2014 the Republican candidate for governor won my District by 16% despite being significantly outspent. That feels red to me.
 In 2014 the Republican candidate for governor won my District by 16% despite being significantly outspent. That feels red to me.
 In 2014 the Republican candidate for governor won my District by 16% despite being significantly outspent. That feels red to me.
 In 2014 the Republican candidate for governor won my District by 16% despite being significantly outspent. That feels red to me.
 In 2014 the Republican candidate for governor won my District by 16% despite being significantly outspent. That feels red to me.
 I’ve raised or given $500,000 to Dems this cycle.
 In 2014 the Republican gubernatorial candidate won the District by 16% despite being outspent 3:1. That feels red to me
Remember Trump's infrastructure promise? This note in Politico today points out its been a year and there's still no infrastructure bill. Looks like the American people were sold a bait-and-switch. 
 He started as an unknown, and is barnstorming Iowa, running for president roughly a year and a half before most others are…
One of the reasons I’ve been able to win in a Red District is by doing the hard work ; talking about the kind of “pocketbook” issues that make a difference in the lives of everyday Americans. I am bringing that same kind of focus to the Presidential race  
The American people have to decide between divisive and meaningless rhetoric and solutions that will improve the lives of Americans. From the 248 campaign stops and 24 trips I've taken so far, I can tell you, Americans want the latter. 
Our govt was designed so we'd have to find ways for diff voices to coexist. Incredible things have come from the process—Social Sec ; Medicare—which is why my message of unity ; civility is resonating. The coalition I'm building will get things done. 
Couldn’t agree more. 
This is a coast to coast public health crisis. We need a comprehensive plan to combat the opioid epidemic that includes more access to treatment and more resources for local clinics and health care providers. 
As the day comes to a close I can say I spent this day off - b/w kids athletic events - doing something I never do, which is engaging with people on Twitter - a personal experiment. My conclusion is I’m so glad I introduced CAMRA Act! There r many better ways to spend your time!
 Dude, this story covered what’s really happening
A good story about what’s actually happening in Iowa - not a story the national media would write because they are too busy chasing the latest cable news circus act.  
 Nope, just passing time between my kid’s athletic events on a day off and without my laptop so can’t do real work and I thought I’d explore the odd world of Twitter engagements.
 There is this new things called Wikipedia where basic research can be done very quickly.  😀
 Sorry. Failed a second time.
 I’ve given or raised $500,000 for candidates and campaigns for 2018 efforts and campaigned around the country for candidates. I’m happy to take comments about my laser like focus on helping in 2018 from people who have done more. Have you?
 It’s good to exceed expectations. Back in my former life starting two companies that became listed on the NYSE, we had a careful recruiting process where we tested people’s basic math skills, including their ability to think about odds and risk. You would have failed. Sorry.
 If that makes you cringe I can only imagine what most people’s postings do for you.
 What are you anti-exercise???!
 But it’s an awfully good indicator. I suspect that in the 2020 field I will have the strongest credentials as to my campaigns ability to win places that went for Trump.
 I’m so glad it moved you to such a degree.  As a back up data point (someone once said to me unless you are God, bring data), I won a seat that had been held for 20 yrs by a Republican and in 2014 my district went Republican by 16% and I won by 2% against a strong challenger.
 That’s what lunch breaks are for.
 Amen.
 It sounds like you get more disillusioned everyday.  Work hard and be an optimist. It’s a better way to live your life than posting negative messages on twitter.
 C’mon, back straight, chest up.
 225 is the warm up set (after stretching of course)
Agree entirely. But Cronkite famously said the job of the media is to tell the American people what they need to hear not what they want to hear. Today’s media is failing that standard.
Got to be strong to beat Trump - first set of deadlifts awaits for today’s workout. 
The hill to climb as a candidate seeking solutions, focusing on the future ; bringing our terribly divided nation together is big, particularly since national media would rather cover equivalent of political circus acts ; stir divisions. It just gives me greater determination.
 I support universal healthcare and free college. I don’t support universal basic income, it’s the wrong answer.
One of our Iowa organizers, Kelsey, was out in Cedar Rapids this afternoon to help knock on doors for ; two great leaders in the  Democrats can't afford to take anything for granted during the midterm elections.  
 all Democrats need to understand we agree with each other on most things and to to try to find divisions within our party is to hand the country over to Rs. Freud wrote about the “narcissism of small differences”
 Well written piece except the part about Kaine not being acceptable to progressives is a joke. Kaine spent most of his life fighting for civil rights ; the poor and has more proven progressive credentials in his pinky finger than most self described progressive will ever have
 Not denying anything; done 200+ events in Iowa/NH in last yr ; fielded over a thousand questions so have good feel for what people want. They want us to come together ; get things done. That message captures Ds,Is, ; some Rs, which equals 70% of country. It’s just math, 70% &gt;30%
 Yoni, Nice to meet you. The Dem party needs be the party the American people are looking for ; so desperately needs. A party of leaders who want to bring this terribly divided nation back together and get real things done for people. The time for speeches is over, we need action
 Why? Because I merely pointed out the hypocrisy of the media coverage?
It’s disappointing that the media’s narrative alternates between either pushing to step down or how Dems need a “fighter.” The TRUTH is that has been BY FAR the toughest/most successful fighter of ANYONE (including men) against Trump.  Cover that!
Candidates speaking at the is one of the best political traditions. On the soapbox I spoke about how we bring our country together:  
The answers to all of our problems with Trump does not lie in the cable news sideshows but in our democracy. Focus on winning elections. Win the Congress in 2018 to check Trump ; win in 2020 to get things done for people instead of special interest. It’s so darn obvious.
 has proudly served this country in a way that is civil, decent and honorable. The same cannot be said for Bullying your critics and suppressing freedom of speech will NEVER prove your point. 
You “fight” to win - either to win a legislative victory or to win an election. People who claim to be “fighters” but don’t actually show a plan to win are like people who claim to be “entrepreneurs” but fail every time they try to start a business.
To TAKE BACK our Democracy, GET RID of Trump and start GETTING REAL THINGS done for the American people we need two things. First, we need a coalition of progressives, moderates, independents and non Trump Republicans to come together. Second, the media has to do it job.
It’s critical to our Democracy that the media do what Cronkite advised “tell the public what it needs to know, not what it wants to hear.” In 2016 they didn’t write about Trump’s policy ideas but they did about HRC’s emails. How did that work out for us?  
The REAL TRUTH that the media isn’t covering is that the TRUE FIGHTERS against Trump have been ; ; the rest of us in Congress who have stopped lots of his agenda NOT the blowhards outside of elected office who yack away from the safe sidelines of cable TV
 Legitimate question as why you exclude us from your “definitive” ranking when our name ID in Iowa is better than 6 of the 10 very good people on your list and we have already done over 200 campaign events in early states? What is your analytical framework for these decisions?
Legitimate question for  and as to why they exclude us from “definitive” ranking when our name ID in Iowa is better than 6 of the 10 very good people on your list and we have done 200+ campaign events in the last year? 
 Going to all 99 counties in Iowa has nothing to do with being a Democrat or Republican. It is about being committed in the true sense of the word. My campaign is a bit of a “leap of faith” - that divisions are not who we are as a people
David Gergen just said it well on CNN when he said “will the next President return us to our norms  or will lies be our norms?”  The answer to this question is up to the media and who they decide to cover in 2020.  Will they step up?
 Catch you next time!
 “doing” requires “winning.”  We fight in campaigns to win and then get things done. But the fight has to be about getting a significant majority of voters to vote for us. Otherwise, nothing gets done. So the question is how do we get a significant amount of voters to vote Dem.
 Agree, the country has correctly moved progressive on many issues - universal healthcare, EITC expansion, PreK for all, social issues etc. We need leaders to be “pragmatic idealists” like me - pursue big bold ideas in a unifying, “get it down” manner. Stop fighting, start doing!
I talked about my long-term strategy throughout all of last week in Iowa. It's a strategy that's thinking beyond Trump's latest tweet—it's about the real solutions that will improve the lives of Americans and how we can bring together a divided nation. 
The conventional wisdom is that civility and honesty won't work anymore. I think the American people disagree. 
"Long before most Democrats formally enter the race, he will have campaigned in all 99 counties in Iowa." Read more about my historic achievement in
Question for 2020: do we want a race to the top or a race to the bottom?  It’s time for Democrats to lead with strength, integrity, character and a vision of a brighter future and commitment to get real things done for the American people.
Disgusting. President Trump has degraded our politics and our government. He campaigned as a racist and in office he's been the Divider in Chief. 
How do we take our country back from Trump ; special interests? It’s as easy as BASIC MATH! Be the party that leads ; unifys progressives, centrists, independents ; nonTrump Rs.  This coalitions agrees on many things ; want to GET THINGS DONE! They outnumber everyone else by 2:1.
Cronkite in The Nation some years ago provided some good advice: “the role of journalism is not to tell Americans what they want to hear but what they need to know as citizens — because, he said, “journalism is what we need to make democracy work.”
Go everywhere, talk to everyone. Dems need to be building a big tent coalition full of people willing to work together, find solutions and get things done. 
If were a true leader, he'd recognize as the patriot and committed public servant that he is. A true leader also recognizes that the absence of an opposing voice will only weaken you. 
I'm proud to endorse a second wave of candidates that are focused on the future and willing to bring civil discussion back to government. 
Smart read on  The rest of the world is investing and we can't fall behind. We need a national AI strategy to make sure that this technology benefits American workers. 
On this day in 1935, FDR signed into law the Social Security Act to lift seniors out of poverty. It was a progressive move that helped millions of Americans for decades to come. And it was bipartisan. 
Well said to There is a legitimate question for the country and the cable news media as to whether we want to spend time hearing from people with track records talk about real issues/solutions that effect our citizens or do we want to be entertained? 
Yesterday was a big day for family call outs. Stephen Miller’s uncle scolded him for forgetting his immigrant heritage and Rep Goodlatte’s son accused his dad of “grandstanding.” I wish the GOP leadership were this principled.
No other Democratic presidential candidate has reached this milestone in more than a decade. To rebuild a winning coalition, we have to campaign everywhere.
Urban, suburban, rural. Progressives, centrists, independents. We've held events in all 99 counties in IOWA. And we're just getting started.
After campaigning in ALL 99 counties in Iowa, I can tell you that voters aren't as divided as our politics -- and they're hungry for progress not more posturing.
I've met with voters in ALL 99 Iowa counties -- red and blue. Because to be able to win and govern, we're going to have to build a big tent coalition.
There is some chance the 2020 election will come down to the question of whether we want real progress or whether we want to be entertained on cable news. It’s a choice. I know what I want. Do you?
I want to thank  for joining me in Carroll County this afternoon. His hard work will help ensure a  ; with the right coalition, Democrats can win Carroll County again in 2020.  
It was GREAT to finish the 99 counties in Carroll - we will turn Carroll Blue! Thanks for your support. 
No other Dem has reached this milestone in more than a decade. I'm proud to have been in all  early on, talking to people about what really matters. 
  colors in the last county of his 99 County Tour. Says he picked Carroll County to end it in in part beca…
This is one of the many reasons why my wife ; I are so concerned about technology's impact on children ; young adults. I introduced CAMRA in the House last month to direct the to study the impact of technology on children:  
In another example of how POORLY run this administration is, they don’t manage the Situation Room in a way that it is secure. This is a place where NO DEVICES are allowed. It is supposed to be a secure environment.  Basic blocking and tackling! 
 Thanks. As I always say, “you can’t fake showing up.”
I'm in Emmet County this afternoon. Pres. Obama won this county in 2008, and it's gone for Republicans the past two cycles.In order to take back the White House, Democrats have to show up and listen to concerns of the people who think the party has left them behind.  
Interesting read from laying out the case that ancient roads paved the way for modern-day prosperity... a testament that investing in ; revitalizing our infrastructure is an important issue ; one that doesn't receive the attention it deserves. 
 Reminds me of when people said my 1st business wouldn’t work when I was 29 ; then invited them to the IPO 3 yrs later, or when I ran against Dem machine in MD ; people said no chance ; I invited them to victory party, or when they said I couldn’t do bipartisan bills, etc GAME ON!
It's national sons and daughters day but I am so thankful for the four wonderful daughters I have in my life EVERY day. They provide a constant source of motivation, inspiration, and support. 
 I will save this untill Summer of 2020 and just replace”President of the United States” with “governor of Iowa” and we will chalk it up to a typo.
A farmer at my Rockwell City Iowa event just asked if I noticed any “Russian Red Kernels” in the jar while I was casting my vote for  
From a farmer at my last meeting in Rockwell City: “Trump handed our business to our biggest competitors”
I'm starting out in Calhoun County this morning talking to voters who say they are ready for a President who's going to tell the truth.   
The 2020 Democratic nominee should be the person who does more than just read a list of Democrat policy goals/taking points, it should be the person with both a proven track record of winning elections, governing, and leading and a plan for Dems to WIN and GOVERN going forward
Someone said to me last night: “i like that you are happily married with a good family (was standing with my youngest), that you were very successful in after starting with nothing, and now you are in Congress. That’s the type of person we need as President”.  I agreed😀
 Odd; not trying to buy anything. If I were, I wouldn’t have already been thru 91 counties, done 180 events ; met with thousands of voters in Iowa. It’s called campaigning, which involves listening to voters, telling them your vision and (importantly) how you have lived your life
 Nope
I’m w/ go high when they go low. Trump is a loud bully ; those of us from other side of tracks know guys like him r cowards. Courage/strength is measured by CHARACTER, INTEGRITY ; ability to PROTECT those u love ; FIGHT for what is right 
  at the says Democrats can lead a new coalition of voters - progressives, centrist Dems, indie…
  says he's proud to be at this "historic" last year in which will represent…
Quick interview at the Excited to be here! 
Go everywhere, talk to everyone.     
Getting ready... 
Canvas launch with IA House candidate Dennis Evans in Grundy Center. Dennis is running to cut through the partisanship, expand access to health care, invest in education and make sure we start serving the common good. That's what we need in Des Moines ; Washington.  
It's never too early to have a conversation about the future of this country, particularly at a time like the present. The U.S. needs moral ; just leadership guided by principles that will help improve Americans' lives. I'm committed to being that leader. 
It was very nice to see at the Iowa State Fair. The Speaker is a nice man and we worked together on TPP (which would have been good for Iowa) and the Monumental Scholars Programs in DC. He’s looked terrific and seems to be doing well, which is great.  
 At the Iowa Democratic Party booth at the State Fair. Congressman John Delaney and his wife April stopped by, very good…
We cannot wait any longer to do real things for communities that have been left behind. Watch my full speech Soapbox here:  
It's great to speak here at the   
 That was fun! is at the Iowa State Fair speaking Soapbox and who shows up, Speaker John Boehne…
 First 2020 presidential candidate on the Register’s Political Soapbox,   
Great to have my wife, youngest daughter and sister with me at the  
Coffee with this morning before heading to the State Fair. She’s going to be a fabulous Secretary of State and someone who will protect ballot access for everyone.  
Corning, Atlantic, Greenfield, Panora, Jefferson, Boone and now Adel - another busy day in Iowa. Go everywhere, talk to everyone.   
 Started our day @ PJ’s Drive-In in Panora with and to talk about how we can all…
There's no doubt we must correct some unfair aspects of the trade system but turning our back on international norms ; institutions is not the way. In the end, it will only hurt American workers ; farmers. Read my latest op-ed on how I would handle trade. 
 This is just false. According to data from Pew Research Center, 38% want legal immigration to stay at the same level and 32% say it should increase. Only small minority wants less immigration. 
 Hey, feel free to join me as I wrap up my 99 county swing on Sunday. We'll be at the Pizza Ranch in Carroll County at 2:00. 
Excited to be here in Panora with and - two fantastic candidates.   
Here at The Corner in Greenfield, Adair County. Questions on tariffs and the trade war right away, big topic across Iowa. Bad policy that's hurting farmers. 
Thank you for having us, enjoyed talking with you 
Having great conversations in Iowa w/ voters about big ideas that can unify the country ; that make a real difference in people’s lives. Unfortunately, none of these ideas can easily be captured in clever tweets. That probably says more about relevance of tweeting than the ideas!
You can’t fake showing up!  I’ve now been to 84 counties in Iowa ; learned so much from listening to voters. Dems should campaign EVERYWHERE on “pocketbook” issues that matter to most Americans.  We should be the party America needs - strong, competent, big ideas ; unifying. 
Visiting IA House candidate Denise O'Brien's farm outside Atlantic. 
 I think most people don’t care about labels. I’m running on universal healthcare ; PreK, building infrastructure, expanding EITC, creating jobs/opportunity in distressed communities, etc. These r issues matter to people ; I have plan to get them DONE, which is what really matters
POTUS focus on trade deficits with China is the wrong focus - real issue is their theft of technology, their aggressive military stance in AsiaPacific region, and our failure to keep up with trade (we should be in TPP), R;D, infrastructure, AI, etc  
 I’m building a coalition of progressive ; centrist Democrats, independents, and even nonTrump Republicans.  That coalition can WIN and it can GOVERN b/c that coalition can agree on universal healthcare, immigration reform, PreK, infrastructure, climate, crim justice reform, etc
Good morning, Adams County! Talking to voters at Kay's Kafe in Corning.  
My wife has an EpiPen and we have seen first hand the absolute absurd price increases on this device. We need to allow government to negotiate with pharma, move to pay for results pricing, and look at parameters around price increases.  
 Bipartisanship is a means to an end. The end is getting REAL things done - in healthcare, education, jobs, pay, opportunity, etc.  MY campaign is about UNIFYING our country around BIG ideas to improve lives and prepare us for the future. Partisanship prevents that from happening
Fantastic day talking to voters across nine Iowa counties. Good conversation about how we start getting things done and govern responsibly again. As Democrats we've got to campaign everywhere. Rural Democrats may be outnumbered, but that doesn't mean they don't count. 
 Andrew, wow, what a generous message, thank you! And I take it as quite a compliment from an intelligent thinker like you. See you on Friday night!
Talking about how we start solving the problems of the future here in Glenwood, Mills County.    
Red Oak, Montgomery County, Iowa. Go everywhere, talk to everyone, build a big tent party.    
To win back the White House, it wouldn’t hurt Democrats to figure out how to win back Iowa. Read more about how I'm talking to voters in both red and blue counties in
No other Democrat has reached this milestone in more than a decade. Read more from on how I'm campaigning in both red and blue counties to rebuild a winning coalition.
Here on the square in Sidney, Fremont County, talking with Iowans at the drug store on the square.   
April and my youngest daughter Grace just arrived for the bus tour! So happy to have them with us. 
Americans are not as divided as Congress is. We have plenty of issues to come together on—infrastructure revitalization, criminal justice reform, ending the opioid epidemic. It's a simple idea but let's start on the things we agree on ; see where it leads 
Talking to caucus-goers in Clarinda, after a good conversation in Bedford. Great to have with me in Taylor and Page County.   
I'm back in IA now for my 14th trip to the Hawkeye state. By Sunday, I'll have campaigned in all 99 counties—the first Dem candidate for President to do so since '08. There is no substitute for talking to people and working hard.   
I’m proud to endorse these future-focused Democratic candidates who will bring new ideas and problem solving to the Iowa State House. We need new leaders who will put their constituents ahead of their party and bring a common-sense approach to governing. 
Great questions on taxes, the federal budget, the environment, civility and how we bring competence back to government here in Mount Ayr. 
Just pulled into Mount Ayr, Ringgold County. Go everywhere, talk to everyone.   
  talks about how more moderate Democrats have been successful in recent elections and special election co…
Lamoni, Decatur County. Excited to be here in southern Iowa.   
 NEVER too early to start figuring out how to beat Trump and get real things done for people - and I have a plan....
Despite the Ohio result (Danny will win in November) it was a good night for workers, unions, and a big tent strategy for Democrats! 
 Good morning! It’s 7:00 AM and I’m at a press conference where he’s making Iowa House endorsements and ro…
  on the start of his five-day Iowa trip to wrap up his 99 county tour. Starting in Osceola this morning w…
Answering questions here at a house party in Osceola about how we can start preparing for the future and bring the country together.   
Just left Des Moines, headed to Osceola. Counties in today’s swing: Clarke, Decatur, Ringgold, Taylor, Page, Fremont, Montgomery and Mills. Go everywhere, talk to everyone.  
Kicking off our trip by endorsing 18 Democratic candidates for the Iowa House. Great to be here w leader ; talking about how win back the House!  
  in Des Moines this morning to endorse 22 Iowa House Democrats before he heads out on a 5-day trip around…
I spent 20 yrs in business, took 2 companies public ; never had allegations of impropriety. In truth, most of the people I knew in business or did business with never did either. This administration seems to have lots of questionable business dealings! 
Had a great time on talking about how I would handle China and the pocketbook issues Americans really care about. Check out the full interview: 
The truth is when you talk to 1000s of Iowans at 100s of events, you hear a different story about the future of the DemParty ; what the country needs than what you hear from special interests and insiders This is my family ; me at the 2017 wait to be back! 
Excited to be headed back to IA this week: 🚌 5 days, 20+ stops🚌 Supporting great candidates like ; others🚌 Speaking at the ; about how we bring the country together
Imagine what our country would be like if we actually tried to bring people together? 
Many Republicans do not share this view, which is another reason for them to join the coalition of independents, centrists and progressives that I am building to WIN and GOVERN on a common sense agenda that reflects the broad views of the American people  
Let’s not lose sight of some of the real tragedies occurring each day in the U.S. including the fact that over 100 people die EACH day from opioid overdoses and 20% of the CHILDREN in the U.S. go hungry during the year.  We have A LOT of work to do, let’s spend some time on it!
 Democratic Rep. John Delaney of  says we need multilateral,  approach to tackly  IP theft  
Can't wait to be back at the talking about how we bring the country together and keep the American Dream alive for everyone   
14th trip to Iowa this week. 5 days, 20+ stops. By Sunday we'll have campaigned in all 99 counties, first Dem. candidate for President to do so since '08.    
  who is slated to speak at this year's soapbox and who has been on the campaign trail since he announced…
 I'll be speaking at the Soap Box from 11-11:15am
“it is President Trump’s America.....the President is a serial, casual, dehumanizer of immigrants” 
I’m optimistic bc I’ve had different experiences: raised in bluecollar union family ; first to go to college, successful entrepreneur ; youngest CEO of NYSE listed company, Dem Member of Congress who won in a Red District, leader on big bipartisan ideas ; married with 4 daughters
We have BIG issues - the American Dream is fading, huge  of Americans are struggling, American has been pitted against American by POTUS ; technology/globailization is reshaping world - but ALL of them can be SUCCESSFULLY ADDRESSED w/ new leadership ; a sense of common purpose
 It is going well. Back to Iowa this week.
Danny O’Connor is exactly the type of Democrat we need to take back the House, which is why I was proud to personally max out to him, raise money for him, and campaign for him. Let’s win and govern. Support him at   
As an entrepreneur and pragmatic idealist by nature these kind of quotes catch my eye “one of the things I cherish most about the United States: we are a nation not only of dreamers but of fixers” from
A central promise of elected officials MUST be to put aside petty partisan differences and get real things done to help citizens prepare for the future ; manage change. If they don’t do that, they are sacrificing the hopes and dreams of a generation for partisan politics.
“Pocketbook” issues - healthcare, jobs, pay, opportunities for kids, education - remain the most important issues for Democratic candidates to focus on. Voters want to see how their government can work in a POSITIVE way WITH (not against) the private sector to make these better.
The health care of millions of people is at risk as long as Trump is in the White House and he is unchecked in Congress. 
Happy 228th birthday to the Thank you to all the brave service members protecting our country. Semper Paratus! 
 For one of the first long-form, unedited interviews with and his bid for Democratic presidential nomination che…
I’m calling BS on this one. This has to be one of the most poorly reasoned arguments that I have ever read coming out of our government.   
 Agree but job of the govt is to do real things to encourage business to stay, create the environment where new businesses can grow, ensure economic growth is geographically distributed, workers get skills, build safetynet etc. US has done well, but too concentrated in big cities
China is building infrastructure, developing global ties, trying to lead on climate, and they have a National AI strategy. Under POTUS we are doing none of those things.  Arguably, the most important foreign policy issue is how we manage our economic competitiveness with  China.
 We CAN do this. A coalition of progressives, centrists, independents, and non-Trump Republicans can WIN and they actually agree on a lot (immigration, infrastructure, universal healthcare, criminal justice reform, climate, AI strategy, EITC, PreK, free community college, etc).
Let’s be honest, Trade/Globalization have been very positive: it’s lifted billions out of poverty, driven innovation, made the world safer ; lowered consumer costs. BUT our government FAILED to prepare our citizens for it ; allowed TOO MANY to be left behind. THAT IS the problem.
Trade policy isn't about specific tariffs on individ goods from individ countries. It's about how you orient yourself to the world. Trump's backwards trade war closes us off from the world, disengages us from allies ; weakens leverage with everyone else. 
More evidence that President Trump's trade war is hurting America's farmers. It's like he's trying to prove once and for all that protectionism and 19th-century economics don't work. Our country is the loser in his failed experiment. 
The economy is strong at the macro level, but a lot of working people still aren't getting ahead. We've got to build an inclusive capitalism, revive upward mobility and spark growth in every zip code. 
Trump's trade war just keeps getting worse and there's no end in sight. We have to put a stop to this. 
 Thanks, Kurt. As you know we HAVE to be committed to rural America for many reasons: we can’t give up on any voter anywhere, we can learn so much from them particularly on how to win in Red Districts, and it’s our job to represent everyone even if they don’t vote for us!
Very interesting analysis but it leads me squarely back to my view that the Democratic Party needs to be a “big tent” - welcoming liberals, centrists, independents and even non-Trump Republicans.  A commonsense agenda from a coalition that can WIN ; GOVERN 
The enthusiasm I saw from the last night at their Summer Sizzler was electric! They're ready to elect as their  ; start winning again in rural Iowa with a solid platform that every Democrat can embrace 
As someone who spent most of my life as entrepreneur I have to pause and pay my respect to Apple and their team for the milestone they reached today. While no company is perfect, Apple is a singular example of what big dreams can become.
Apple is now worth $1 Trillion. A truly amazing feat of innovation and shareholder value creation. To use it in context, hwr, it is still only worth an amount equal to about 1/3 to 1/6 of what US has/will spend on Iraq War. Imagine how we could have invested those resources?
 “But we can’t do any of this, unless we step forward and remind the American people that unity and common purpose is t…
 “The most foundational element of the American experience is this notion of the  That you work hard. Pl…
 “Today the central question facing the United States is how do we take this divided nation, where American has been pi…
I was in Sioux and Lyon County yesterday, the two reddest counties in Iowa, where Trump received over 80% of the vote. Democrats have got to be everywhere to start winning and fighting back against the unmitigated disaster of the Trump administration.   
I'm happy to be making my 13th trip to Iowa today. Thanks to the for hosting a meet and greet with the Sioux County Democrats. It's time get past the division ; get back to the basics of healthcare, education and job training.  
Not only is this an incredibly inefficient use of American taxpayers' dollars, it's bad policy. American workers and farmers don't want bailouts, they want worldwide markets they can sell to. 
It's truly dumbfounding that one person, let alone the president of the United States, can be so dishonest so often. 
Excited to be back in Iowa today! 
 I should have said “most” Americans - my bad. About 50% of the country can’t handle a $400 surprise expense according to Fed Reserve data. To win these folks in an enduring way we have to stay focused on pocketbook issues. That’s the fastest way to get rid of Trump - to beat him.
 Agreed, Andrew. It’s a very important topic for discussion and you clearly have very intelligent views on the subject.
Americans care more about their job, pay, cost of housing, healthcare, education, opportunities for their kids, retirement ; security than they do about Mueller, Impeachment, Michael Cohen, Ivanka’s brand, HRC’s emails, progressive vs centrist. Let’s focus on what matter to them!
There are a lot of very important social justice movements in our country right now, but let’s make sure we don’t forget a central one: fighting poverty.  Over 40 million Americans living in poverty is a disgrace.
The day we (Dems) forgot we are the party of the working family is the day we started losing elections. The day we recommit ourselves to be party of working families is the day we start winning. Working families care about jobs, pay, healthcare, education, opportunities for kids.
Dems need to rally around a grand vision for the country - a more prosperous ; just society built on freedom, opportunity, ; the American Dream available to all - as opposed to looking for one single person to be our savior.  We need a mission statement beyond one person.
 I view Medicaid expansion as a huge victory for Virginians ; most agree. Before Northam, it never happened. We have to get past this notion of never compromising. Real people get hurt by lack of compromise (but political insiders and activists win because they can keep fighting!)
 I’m sure that is true (but in truth, since it barely passed, everyone was the deciding vote by definition)
The anti-Trump wave is building ; it will undoubtedly produce a very strong 2018  for Dems, but let’s not allow that sentiment - which may not endure - to mask the underlying poor performance by Dems across the last decade. We must be a big tent party to win across the long term.
All that pious talk was either deeply insincere and untrue or he ended up utterly betraying his core beliefs. Not sure which is worse, but it's no way to lead. 
Trump's 19th-C trade policies are hurting people. New tariffs= bad in the short-term ; devastating in the long-term (American businesses will lose market share). Rest of the world is smart enough to work around us. Dems have to offer a real alternative. 
 One thing I like about the two (current) Democratic Candidates for President ; is how pr…
In my book “The Right Answer” I outlined big ideas to make our country more competitive ; build a new social compact for our citizen (universal healthcare, PreK, EITC, job training, opportunity zones etc). In the last chapter I said how I would PAY for it, which Dems need to do!
 Well said.
 Not sure I follow the logic but, to use your framing, running for President likely proves the same point.
 Maryland needs to cut ties with ByteGrid, and Congress needs to pass the bipartisan bill sponsored by and
I'm looking forward to making my 13th trip to Iowa this Wednesday to join ; a great group of Iowa candidates who are ready to take back their state in 99 days. See you at  
As leaders we should not reflexively be saying we want government “bigger” or “smaller.”  We should be advocating for a “smarter” government - one that prepares our citizens for a changing world and one that works well with the private and non profit sectors.
For those who advocate for Universal Basic Income (UBI) - which I do not at this point for a variety of reasons - remember that it has its roots in a conservative intellectual plan that eliminates all entitlement programs as part of its implementation. That is one of my concerns.
VA Gov Northam is an example of a successful Democratic. He ran as a MODERATE, he won a VERY competitive primary, won BIG in general election (rare in VA) and then was able to get the biggest progressive goal for the state - Medicaid expansion - DONE. Centrists win and govern!
6 or 7 days a week of campaigning for others, when is he going to try to do his job? Or maybe we are better off when he doesn’t try to do his job! 
 World is changing. Pay attention to where it is going, not to where it has been.
 I remember starting my first company and people said 0 chance, and I ended up being youngest CEO in history of NYSE. When I ran for Congress as outsider people said I had 0 chance and ended up winning big against a great Democratic field. Love it when people underestimate chances
 My congressional office can help. What’s the best way of getting a hold of you
 No
Remember, most Americans are working VERY hard, trying to get by, and doing their best to raise their kids as good people with hopefully a decent future.  As elected officials we should be doing things to HELP them not WASTING time waging ideological fights or party squabbling.
 Governor Hogan won my District by 16% in 2014 and I won it by 2%. Put anothet way, I outperformed the top of the ticket Democrat by 18%.  That’s what I’m talking about.
I’ve won when my District turned bright Red by focusing on “pocketbook” issues, by putting innovative solutions ahead of politics, and by being respectful, optimistic and focused on the future. And I never had to compromise my values. This is how I would move our party forward.
For so many of us, our main desire, the one thing that motivates us above all, is to build a world where our family and children can live a better life. This is why the core ideals of our nation ; our political process matter - they work together to support  the American Dream.
As someone who has won in Districts that go Red from time-to-time and are always competitive, I’ve learned how to win over independents and Republicans. We need to do this to win big in 2020.
Politicians are busy arguing about who to blame. I'm busy building for our future. Join me.
Trade wars don't work. Join a campaign about actually preparing America for the future.
Proud to be a cosponsor of this bipartisan legislation which provides critical resources to survivors of domestic ; sexual violence. We can't let VAWA fall victim to political games, we've got to reauthorize the bill. 
Proud to introduce the Children and Media Research Advancement Act which will direct the to study the effects of various technologies on the health ; well-being of children. It's a critical 21st-century issue that hasn't received enough attention. 
It's no secret -- automation will have a far-reaching impact on the workforce. We cannot make false promises about returning to economies of the past. Instead, we need a plan to prepare workers for 21st-century jobs. 
The court-ordered deadline for reuniting families separated at the border is today but 400+ parents have already been deported without their children. This cruel, disgraceful ; ill-conceived policy is antithetical to our fundamental values as a nation. 
MESSAGE FROM MAJORITY OF AMERICANS: check and beat Trump, work together, get real things done for us! MESSAGE FROM POLITICAL CLASS: keep fighting, drive ratings and fundraising, don’t worry about getting things done!  As someone who is not a career politician, I’m with the people
AI will bring big changes to our economy and the future of work. If we get proactive and prepare for the future, the country will benefit. My piece in 
New technology can create more jobs than it displaces if we start preparing for it. Watch my latest TV ad on  and the future of work: 
Meet Patrick, one of our Iowa organizers. He knows the needs to fight back against GOP extremism that limits women's reproductive rights ; fails to give Iowans the living wages they deserve.  
This is why the Republicans in the House of Representatives DO NOT deserve to remain in control of Congress. They are not only NOT doing their job, which is to serve as a check on Presidential power, but they are undermining the rule of law in our country 
Imagine how much better off we’d be if we passed EXISTING bipartisan legislation that reforms immigration, funds $1 trillion in infrastructure, fixes criminal justice system, improves ACA, address AI ; digital privacy, requires AUMF ; TPP. It is all waiting for real leadership.
"We need to encourage a more just and inclusive form of capitalism, a future where responsible businesses work with our government to lead the world not only in growth and innovation but also positive change." 
 Take who supports pretty much all the same thin…
Delaney Airs New TV Ad in Iowa on Automation and Future of Work 
New technology can actually create more jobs than it displaces, but only if we start preparing for it. Check out my new ad airing today in Iowa. 
Important points raised by We know AI is disruptive, but it's also a big opportunity. We have a chance to implement this new tech in a just and inclusive way but we have to be proactive. That's why I'm calling for a national AI strategy. 
We need a national AI strategy, which is why I’m making preparing for automation central to my campaign.  
 Hi Shervin, thank you for your interest! Please join us via our Get Involved tab on our website: 
 is the real deal. Follow him and see how level-headed, competent leadership looks. He’s not a career politici…
A real governing agenda: Universal healthcare, infrastructure, PreK-14, national service, national AI strategy, sign TPP, new AUMF, carbon pricing, expand EITC, repeal CUnited, end China IP theft, fix VA, end gerrymandering, lower deficit, immigration reform, digital privacy.
What is never said directly is that has done TWO things that really hurt farmers. First, he tore up the TPP, which would have opened up new markets for them. Second, he started a trade war that resulted in retaliatory attacks on them.  He’s bad for Agriculture
It would be better for farmers and cheaper for taxpayers to not engage in poorly designed trade wars. 
Lots of momentum behind in  Great candidate I was proud to campaign with and endorse earlier this year. 
POTUS has no understanding of how the global economy works, which is bad because globalization, trade, and technological innovation are the most important drivers of our economy.  His next tweet may be about bringing back buggy whips, VCRs and pushing for Smoot-Hawley 2.0 
 I’m not proposing to antagonize the base, I want to win. About 60% of the country does not approve of POTUS, and I think we should (and can) be uniting them with a positive message around real plans to help with “pocketbook” issues. That, to me, is the best way to win and govern
The 2020 analysis is spot on in this piece.  
John Delaney has already visited 72 of Iowa's 99 counties and Iowans are taking notice. Read more.
Jefferson on managing change: “laws ; institutions must go hand in hand with the progress of the human mind. As that becomes more developed...as new discoveries are made...and opinions change with the change of circumstances, institutions must advance ; keep pace with the times”
Very excited to be headlining the Wing Ding in August! 
The way we win in 2018/2020 is by building a coalition of voters—progressive ; centrist Ds + independents + non-Trump Rs. People in US are not as divided as politicians. With the right message - addressing pocketbook issues - we can win these voters. 
US Politics 
What should enrage the American people is that if a normal U.S. citizen tried to meet with the Vice Chair of the Federal Reserve and the Undersecretary at Treasury they would have zero chance of getting the meeting.  
 My point is that we focus too much on politics ; inside baseball stuff. Left vs center, what’s happening in “the party” as if we r following a sports team!  This is not about labels or brands it’s about people and the things that matter to them as they try to get thru their day.
50% of Americans can’t afford a $400 surprise expense. Question: What do u think they care more about: (A) Healthcare/Jobs/Pay/Their kid’s education/Housing OR (B) Mueller/Russia/Impeachment?  Answer: (A). If u picked (B) you thought I was asking about what well off Ds care about
Another Sunday of talk shows arguing about are the Dems moving too far left or pivoting to center. Who cares? I know from 200+ events in IA and NH that they don’t. STOP. Dems should focus on getting real things done for people in healthcare, education, jobs. If we do that, we win
The Democratic Party does no need a radical reinvention, it just needs to FOCUS on the “pocketbook” issues, such as better/cheaper healthcare, expanding the EITC, good paying jobs for people and their kids, better schools, affordable housing, and help with retirement savings
 Wrong again. You should read the bill, it’s very short. It required Admin to certify that they are following all procedures. Of course Obama threatened veto (as would I). As one of my colleagues said who worked in WH “every President is always against certifying compliance”
Enough is enough, we, the Congress, must protect Mueller, deal with Russian election interference in a real way, and limit the President’s ability to impose tariffs. It is our job to check this President’s actions (or potential actions) that are against our national interest.
 Sorry but 2020 is when we get a chance to beat Trump so I think it’s worth getting started.
 No, it’s called an immigration system and we have been doing it in this country for some time in case you haven’t noticed.
 Well, this comment/tweet is a compete lie. How many Dems want to listen to people who just make stuff up?!?
Team Delaney was out in full force last night, knocking on doors for is just one of the great candidates working hard to win back the majority for   
 Great interview with a politician we don’t hear from enough these days, a moderate Democrat, Rep John Delaney on
 has taken notice and so should the because that independent voter disapproval number…
 My first impression of you on was great! Good luck. Great answers.
 !  It is time to get onto all of your shows.  He is an announced Dem c…
Talking 2020 and Russian interference in elections with Bret Baier.  
Sat down with on to talk about my presidential campaign and the future of the Democratic Party 
This is what I've been talking about. Tech will continue to rapidly change our lives ; society, which is why we must develop a national strategy. The conversation in politics has been about trying to return to the past instead of focusing on the future. 
- Our deteriorating infrastructure that discourages companies from investing in low-income communities
- Overly burdensome regulations that make it harder for small businesses to compete and that big businesses can handle, giving them an advantage
- Lack of incentives to encourage and enable people to take risks
The percentage of new businesses is half of what it was in the 1980’s. What caused this decline in American entrepreneurship?
The leader of the “land of the free” should not even consider, for a second, turning over a FREE American citizen, who is entirely innocent of any crime or wrong doing (who also happens to be a former Ambassador), to Putin for purposes of interrogation.
Partly misleading data. Yes, the press loves to tell us how 80% of Rs support everything POTUS does, but they never tell us that the GOP has shrunk by 15-25% (depending on poll). That’s the opportunity for Dems - become the big tent party our country needs 
Today, we honor the legacy of  and his contributions towards equality and justice. We can still learn so much from him. 
With April and 3 of my 4 daughters at  
Some Democrats are ignoring Iowa. I'm not. This story from The Guardian points out that I'm one of the few candidates putting in the time and doing the work to run a grassroots campaign.  
Almost all new investment capital is going to a few cities, curbing growth in low-income areas ; concentrating opportunity on the coasts. I'd give tax incentives to spur investment in distressed communities, which would spread the benefits of innovation ; create entrepren. hubs 
FBI notified MD officials a key vendor used by the state for elections data has ties to a Russian oligarch. We need to act at the fed level to ensure our systems are secure + not foreign owned/ controlled. Thank you for working with me. 
 The world moves on without America. 
Imagine Russia parking a warship a hundred yards off our coast, aiming it’s guns at us, and a President not doing something about it. That’s roughly the equivalent of POTUS not acting on the warning of our intelligence community of Russia’s plans to interfere in our next election
After a weekend in NH campaigning I picked my youngest up from her camp in Maine this morning - and we squeezed in a quick kayak ride before we headed to airport 
If there EVER was a reason for a new coalition of progressive and centrist Dems + independents + non-Trump Republicans to be created to assure a win in 2020 and restore our democracy then we saw it in POTUS’s terrible and dangerous performance in Helsinki.
Well and truly said, Senator McCain. 
Partisan politics infect nearly everything Congress touches. We need lawmakers who will stand up to political pressure ; support legislation that'll improve their constituents' lives. Take the  to commit to putting people over politics: 
If you read the headlines today, you’d think we were in the 1900s instead of 2018. President Trump is busy pursuing archaic economic policies like trade wars, while John is talking about the future and how we can make sure workers thrive in a high-tech, global economy. 
The combined effect of the President's backward policies on immigration and trade are badly hurting our farmers' livelihoods. There's no strategy behind these tariffs and we must abandon them immediately. 
 2020 Watch-NEW: Democratic Congressman of Maryland, back in NH for the 10th time since launching his pres…
Beautiful summer day for a BBQ. Special thanks to the Dunbarton Democrats for hosting!   
Ran into in Hillsboro today. Make sure you vote Jenn for State Senate this November.   
It was a pleasure meeting you, Joelle 
Day 3 of my tenth New Hampshire trip is off to a great start! Thank you to Rep.Marjorie Porter for having me at your house in Hillsboro today   
Thank you to the for inviting me to their annual summer picnic. Always great seeing my friend   
 Great way to end a long day of campaigning at a house party in Holderness with Excited to get back at it t…
No surprises here. There aren't any winners in trade wars, and the losers are American businesses and hardworking families. We need 21st-century trade policies for a 21st-century economy. 
Glad to be back! 
 2020 WATCH: Declared presidential candidate  joins   at  ann…
Be sure to vote for and in November!   
 The 10am canvass launch in Tilton is so packed can’t even fit it all in one photo! Thank you for kicking…
Day 2 of my tenth New Hampshire trip! Starting the day with a canvass kickoff for and Mason Donovan in Tilton.   
Great crowd at the house party in Hebron yesterday. Special thanks to Suzanne Smith for hosting.   
 Full crowd tonight for our house party in Hebron! Special thanks for for joining us!  
Just landed in New Hampshire for my tenth trip to the state. Quick interview with before my first stop in Hebron!    
I've been to 72 out of 99 counties and made 135+ campaign stops in Iowa. There's no substitute for hard work. Iowans understand that. 
Who am I supporting in 2018? Candidates who take the high road, put solutions above politics and focus on the future. Check out my endorsements in NH here: 
After 12 trips and 135+ events in IA, I believe bringing the country together, preparing for the future ; restoring civility ; dignity to gov't is a winning message. The concerns of pundits in DC don't reflect the concerns of the rest of America. 
A foreign adversary interfered in our elections and today's news is another reminder that Mueller must be allowed to complete the investigation. All efforts by the WH and GOP allies to undermine this crucial investigation are against our national interest. 
 What part of my post was downplaying her accomplishment? Her accomplishment is huge. I want to remind all Ds that path to majority in House is thru red districts. And we can all agree that Connor ran a brilliant red district message ; we should be emulating that if we want to win
 Thank you, Blake.
 Interesting
 Interesting.
 Also, we probably have more in common than thread would indicate. I see you are at CCS - I was on Board of Gtwon, St. Pats, Potomac school, NSO ; chaired a few catholic charities. I recall you guys doing work for one of those (can’t recall which) so I bet we agree on a lot!

 Again, please read more carefully. I started by saying “with all respect” which has a subtle, but very different meaning. Your baffled because I think you are missing the entire point of my message, which is to remind people what lessons for the midterms are most relevant.
 That’s not what I said. You have to be more careful in your reading. The word “as” was before the word “relevant”  saying (b) is more relevant than (a) is not saying (a) is not relevant. We are never going to win unless we look at facts, data, and strategy In an objective way.
 I won’t disagree with that one bit. Thanks.
 Amen.
 I didn’t qualify her win one bit. Let me ask you a question: what is a more relevant data point for winning a general election in a red district: (a) a primary win in a blue district or (b) a general election win in a red district.  I was saying (b). Do you disagree?
 There is no discrediting at all, I was very complimentary in fact.  She seems great. I was simply reminding folks that our challenge as a party is winning generals in red states. That’s the path to taking back our democracy.  The lessons learned are how we win those districts
 Not a knock at all. I said she was highly effective ; intelligent. The path to a majority in House/Senate runs thru red states as does an electoral college victory. That’s almost an indisputable fact. So as a matter of analytics, red states wins in generals are more relevant
 What part of my post knocked a primary win? I commented on the relevance of one victory to another as it relates to a general election strategy.  Did you read my original post or just jump to a conclusion?  It’s the same point btw I’d make about Ralph Northan or Doug Jones.
 I want to bring the country together ; create coalition of progressive ; centrist Dems + independents + disaffected Rs.   That coalition agrees on universal healthcare ; PreK, expanded EITC, carbon tax, free comm college, infrastructure. That coalition/platform can win ; govern
 First on - Declared Democratic presidential candidate making  his 10th trip to NH this we…
 I believe Dem candidates should stand for repeal of CItizensU, ending gerrymandering, universal healthcare, universal PreK, expanding EITC, carbon tax, and free community college
 The point of the tweet I though was obvious (but maybe not). We need a focus on how we win general elections is Red seats not how we win primaries on Blue seats. Last I checked, the path to winning the House, Senate and WH is to win red states/districts
 I’m not minimizing anything, I complimented her. She reminds all of us that campaigning hard and talking to people about real issues is how we all should run for office. My point is that our problem is winning RED states/districts not flipping Dems in BLUE states:districts.
 Agree. As president I will call for a constitutional amendment to end citizens united.
 Agreed but until that happens (and it won’t anytime soon) we need to win in the system we have.
 25% of country identifies as liberal, 36% as conservative and 34% as moderate. Looking at those numbers, what do you think the best way to win  is?
 Bernie never ran in a general election in a red state so we have no data to indicate if he would have won or not in a red state. Also, I’m for for universal healthcare, creating free PreK-community college for all, massive expansion of EITC, ; carbon tax. I’m just not a socialist
 I am bold. I want Dems to win. BIG. I don’t to be in be a losing party anymore who fights amongst itself.
 Listen, she seems great, truly. But she won in a 75% Dem district. In other words it’s not relevant to winning back our government. Connor Lamb’s race is enormously more important to winning back WH, Senate, House.
 Interesting but wrong analysis. 1.He uses a special election in a strong FL R district as data point - it wasn’t a swing District. 2. His analysis is premised on midterms, where turnout is low. I’m focused on 2020 where turnout will be high. 3. 1/3 of US identifies as moderate.
 Remember that half the country can’t handle a $500 surprise expense. These people don’t care about politics or labels; they care about solutions. That’s the movement for our time. Solutions to struggling Americans that can get done. That’s what my campaign is about. Join us.
 That’s just so not true and it reminds me of the Freud expression “the narcissism of small differences.”  I define the center as where people go to get things done - all the great and enduring pieces of legislation have been bipartisan. My approach is pragmatic idealism.
 To bring this terribly divided nation back together so that we can get big things done to help the lives of real people.
 I pursue progressive goals - universal healthcare, Unjversal PreK, addressing climate , etc - but my solutions are real and can happen. That’s how we win and that how we govern. Obvious.
 I won three times “here in Maryland” including outperforming Dem gubernatorial candidiate by 15% in 2014, which is the only way I won what was a Republican turnout District in 2014. Real people want solutions, they don’t care about labels of progressives vs centrists.
 Disagree. Choosing between turn out and capturing center in a false choice. We have to do both.
 Take back the House in 2018 and beat Trump in 2020.
 Which is why I think Dems need to lead a coalition on all non trump voters (Ds, Is and any Rs) to beat Trump and return decency and functioning to government.
 Yes. There is a good bill on that in the Congress sponsored by reps Beyer and Raskin. Multi member districts.
 I did miss the great Montgomery Village parade today, first one I’ve missed in 7 years.   Felt better to let the candidates vying for the seat have the focus at the parade today so they could campaign.  But I hope you had a great day. God bless.
 No socialists here. I’m a huge believer in free markets, which is why I think POTUS trade and tariff war is a bad idea.
 I'm looking forward to hosting at my house party in Hebron next Friday! RSVP via email below to attend! 
 Maryland Congressman is the only DEM to have announced his candidacy for president in 2020...he was in our stud…
 Unfortunately one that is remote, which is why this should be a reminder that Dems need to turn our core democrats AND capture the center to win in 2018 and 2020.  The stakes are too high to get caught up in some drama about the “direction of the party”
 Agree. We have to take back our country from people more concerned about ideology than solutions.
 The Country needs leaders that both fight for our values and work to get real things done for people.  Pretty simple actually. It’s the right thing to do and it will win elections.
 I won in 2014 when the top of the ticket democrat candidate lost my District by 15% and more Rs than Ds voted. That’s what you need to be able to show if you want to make the case to Dems that you can win.
  throws support behind for President   at election night event 
 Great session on Bringing Civility Back to Washington. ; audience asking some hard questions.
 “There’s a lot of energy all across the country around issues. Political parties aren’t that relevant, esp to young people.…
 “The cost of doing nothing is not nothing. We are missing numerous opportunities to move the country forward.”
 But that’s kind of my point, transparency allows people (like you) to make their own decisions with the real information.  That’s how a democracy works. Dark money super PACs hide donors and intentions; they are the real problem with money in politics.
We know that every day is both an ending and a new beginning. Each of us needs to use each day to work to end this era of divisive and wasteful politics and move to an era where we unify around our shared future and work together to get get things them done to make it better.
 Not nation building. But supporting them with foreign aide in a way that works, trade, working with NGOs, engaging, etc.
 Let’s get back to voting the person not the party. Country over party!
 You are 0-3 on the accuracy of those statements - at least with respect to me - but I do hope you have a great day. Remember, the cornerstone of the American experience is unity and common purpose. Let’s work together as Americans and get some things done!
What is not talked about as part of the immigration debate is the need for the U.S. to help build civil institutions, stable/non corrupt governments, ; strong economies in the countries that people are fleeing from.  This is in our self interest ; will alleviate border pressure.
A rainy day for my daughter Brooke’s Northwestern graduation but it does not diminish what a great day it is for her. We are so proud of her for this amazing achievement! 
If my grandfather hadn't won his appeal after being detained at Ellis Island, I wouldn't be here.  This is personal.
When my grandfather first came to America, he was detained as well. This is personal.
Mike said it right. Miller should go for causing this mess and appointing a real leader with real management and operational experience to add organization expertise to the border situation is a great idea. 
 New Post: brings on an experienced Iowa operative to his  campaign 
Children are not political bargaining chips. I'm running for President to restore a shared sense of humanity.
If my grandfather hadn't been detained and won his appeal by an immigration judge, I wouldn't be here today. This is personal.
If my grandfather hadn't been detained and won his appeal by an immigration judge, I wouldn't be here today. This is personal. 
6 yrs ago bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform passed the Senate but never got a vote in the House. If it had, our economy today would be larger, our debt lower, our border safer, and “DACA” and “family separation” would be entirely unfamiliar terms to us all.
We need to start getting things done. Congress has been debating immigration for 10 yrs and hasn’t done anything. During a 10 yr period in the private sector I started two companies from scratch and took them both public on the New York Stock Exchange. We need to get things done!
On immigration and every other important issue for our future, it is time to stop giving speeches and time to start getting something done.
The first chapter of my book The Right Answer is titled “Tell the Truth” and starts with a Frederick Douglas quote “the life of a nation is secure only while the nation is honest, truthful, and virtuous”    
 feel free to
The news media deserves credit for shinning such a bright spot light on the President’s cruel speration practices. It’s a great reminder of the importance of a free and independent press.
Well said. “As to lessons if this episode of barbarism really is coming to end, we should take heart that the American people rallied to the side of civilization”.  I would also add that we should take heart that we can fight back! 
 What comes next is winning some elections so that we can fix our immigration system. And we win elections by both turning out our voters and capturing the center.
 I am clearly against the Administration’s immigration policy in every respect but I am also relieved that our nation will at least stop separating families. How could anyone note be relieved by that?
 Did I say I was celebrating?
I’m relieved that he’s stopping this terrible policy that he created.  
Standing with my democratic colleagues on the steps of the Capitol to demand an end to this cruel family separation policy. 
The right decision by more Republicans should follow his lead and take action to eliminate this immoral family separation policy.  Let’s work together on immigration reform and remember that welcoming the immigrant and refugee is core to our American heritage. 
 Thank you for your friendship ; your support. Your leadership has served as an inspiration to me ; so many o…
I was very excited to sit down with to talk about why uniting our divided nation is the focus of my campaign. Download and listen! 
We should have ZERO tolerance for this awful policy.  We should not be doing it, there is no law that requires it, and it is not fitting of a moral nation. Trump can stop it. Immediately. But he won’t. He needs to be defeated.  
This is a great piece by a great woman.  
A good way to invest in companies doing the right thing and, in turn, create an incentive for more companies to do the right thing, etc.  This offering from is the start of a powerful trend.  
POTUS conveniently ignores all the other aspects of Trade and global economic policy, including how we finance our ever growing deficits and debt. A combination of inflation plus foreign disinterest in our debt could fuel an interest rate crisis.  
Enforcing zero tolerance does NOT mean separating parents and kids. 
POTUS admits to separating children from parents at border is a negotiating strategy, which means he’s willing to hold little children hostage to get what he wants. I’m all for bipartisan negation but it can only be done in good faith.
Tonight at I'm looking forward to speaking about my new book, The Right Answer, and how to bring the country together. 7 PM at 5015 Connecticut Ave NW. 
No one wins trade wars ; the people of Iowa are learning that first hand. According to Trump's trade war could cost Iowa's farmers $624 million. We need 21st-century trade policy for a 21st-century economy ; Trump is too stuck in the past to make it happen  
I'm proud to endorse these 20 New Hampshire Democratic candidates who bring exciting new ideas and a commitment to solving problems. We need new leaders who want to bring our country together, focus on the future and put the country over partisanship.   
Too bad. Gerrymandering is one of the most insidious forces in politics. Why else do 97% of Americans support universal background checks yet Congress won’t even take it up? We need the kind of comprehensive redistricting reform that I’ve proposed.  
 Here’s one reason Iowa farmers are uneasy about the budding trade war and resulting tariffs on soybeans.The average farm…
Hurting children at the border and farmers in the Midwest is all part of the Trump agenda.  
 Want to feel better about our country? A must read.   
 Join the first announced candidate for president in 2020, tonight at 7pm as he discusses how we can unify…
Thank you for your compassion, your support of core American values, and your perfect framing of the need for bipartisan immigration reform. 
Thank you for inviting me to speak at your Annual Flag Day Dinner! Congratulations Mayor on receiving the Flag Day Award.   
Thanks, Ray. You are an inspiration to all Dems who are fighting for a more prosperous, secure and just society 
 “The Labor Movement wasn’t about people just fighting for unions it was about giving everyone a shot at a better life!
 Over 200 attending SOLD OUT Flag Day Dinner w honoring ;…
 Looking forward to tonight's Annual Flag Day Dinner at Alpine Club w
Great crowd at the Stoddard Democrats meet and greet. Thank you to everyone who showed up! I especially enjoyed dessert 
A negotiating tool!!  Are you kidding me!! This is important. Trump separating children from parents at the border isn’t some unintended consequence of principled policy.  It’s intentionally cruel.  All to give Trump a stronger negotiating hand! Truly unconscionable. 
 It’s wonderful to have here in Nashua again. The 2018 election will be important here in New Hampshire.…
At JaJa’s coffee shop in Nashua talking to about my campaign and why I’m running for president. This is my ninth trip to New Hampshire.   
You may want to check out this event. has some great and detailed ideas for MoCo. 
Iowa has the real Field of Dreams from the movie but New Hampshire has its own.  If you stay at Hilton Garden Inn in Manchester you get a nice view of it from your room. 
Barbaric  
 Just in: Democratic presidential candidate endorses ; promises 'organizational ; financial support' to 13
Looking forward to being in New Hampshire this weekend! 
I’m speaking about my new book, The Right Answer, this Monday, June 18th at the famous Politics and Prose. It’s at 7pm at 5015 Connecticut Ave, Washington DC. 
Happy Eid! 
  
We are considering lots of opioid bills this week in the House but still not doing enough. We should be acting on Rep Cummings and Sen Warren’s bill and has a very strong $100 Billion plan to combat this terrible situation as well   
Immoral is the word. Anyone who doesn’t stand up to this policy is complicit in a cruel and immoral policy.  
The Administration’s policy of separating children from their parents is immoral and primitive.   
 I didn’t say anything about Trump. And have nothing against either of them, truly.  They may be very nice guys for all I know. There are just a lot more important things going on in the world right now that I personally wish received more attention.
 1st question: they made names for themselves saying outrageous things on TV ; all news outlets are reporting their show. 2nd question: I’m ranked 3rd most bipartisan member of Congress, I focus on solutions to brings country together ; I believe in civility ; respect in politics
We can summarize what’s wrong with politics (and cable news) by the fact that these two may get a show.  Self promote, divide the country, and then cash in with a show.  
Right now, Republicans are doing the same backroom deals with DACA they did during the passage of the tax bill ; their attempt to repeal ACA. Real progress is only made when both sides work together. 
Nearly all landmark bills that changed the country for the better were bipartisan.
On the 243rd birthday today, I want to take a moment to thank the men of women of the Army and the rest of our Armed Forces who put their lives on the line to keep us safe. God bless you and your families.  
I’m proud to endorse my friend Rushern Baker for Governor of Maryland. Rushern is a deeply good man and brings the perfect combination of experience, vision, optimism, grit and decency to the job.
241 years ago today, the United States Congress officially adopted the stars and stripes. Happy Flag Day! 
 NH Primary Source: Presidential candidate to make ninth NH visit    via
Just hanging out with the Stanley Cup. 
Does he wake up every day and slip on his robe (perhaps stolen from a hotel room) and ponder how best to use his position of power for his own personal and economic gain? 
What would Jesus do? Not this, I can assure you of that.   
The important thing to focus on now is ensuring North Korea completely dismantles its nuclear arsenal in a verifiable manner with a transparent inspection process. Let's stop playing politics with 
I support diplomacy whether the president is a Democrat or a Republican. I also support the continued presence of our military in the Asia-Indo region.
The Republicans who are praising Trump on  but who attacked Obama on Cuba/Iran are being hypocritical. But so too are the Democrats who defended Obama on Cuba/Iran but are attacking Trump on North Korea.
 For Rep. John Delaney, the 2020 campaign is already underway. The money is there. So is the commitment. And people in Iowa…
  holding a discussion on his new book, "The Right Answer” and how we can heal the political divide in Am…
The American people want a bipartisan immigration deal, not back room deal making just among Republicans that will likely go nowhere. 
2 years ago today, we witnessed one of the deadliest mass shootings in American history. It's unacceptable that the past two years have been plagued by inaction. It's long past due that we pass common-sense, bipartisan gun safety measures.    
2 points on North Korea. 1. A real agreement with specific terms should be approved by Congress. 2. Our troops are in the region for many reasons (not just NoKorea) and provide important stability to a region that has China doing aggressive steps like build islands in SoChina Sea
Maine is using Ranked Choice Voting on a scale never before seen in the US. Take a look at how it works—it could make campaigns more positive and substantive as candidates will have to appeal to a broader range of voters, which is a win for everyone. 
✓Maine✓Nevada✓North Dakota✓South Carolina✓VirginiaThese states have primaries today!
While we all know that the devil or God is in the details, and this agreement leaves most of those out, it is still an important step forward, particularly when combined with the hostage releases and the cessation of ICBM testing.  
My colleague frames the North Korea summit very well in this interview. Democrats, Republicans and all Americans should be rooting for success from this summit.  
 Who’s talking about “unity with evil bulls@ I’m talking about unity. Good old fashioned “we have a common purpose” tunity.  The kind of unity that allowed the USA to build a great democracy and advance progress around the world.
I think all Americans should hope for something real and positive to come out of this summit.  
A good reminder; "Partisans can be passionately loyal without really hating each other." Lessons both parties should reflect on. We won't always agree on everything, but where we can find common ground we should come together to get things done. 
 Just in to - Democratic presidential candidate to make his 9th visit to  NH on Saturday, 6/16. Will…
The Senate passed a bill to save  but hasn't allowed a vote in the House. Equal ; open internet access is crucial for our democracy ; something I will continue to fight for. This has bipartisan support ; must be brought to a vote.
Thanks, Andrew. 
 I’m a big supporter of the Iowa Caucus. Full stop. On other question, I believe the SRA went too far, although coordination would be central to my approach and there should be a framework for doing it and we need to ensure traditional defense capabilities could handle bad actors.
I will be the first to congratulate POTUS if the summit produces a tangible step towards reducing or eliminating nuclear weapons, which I truly hope it does. But the steps have to verifiable and measurable - that is as important as the announcement itself. 
Second Infinity Wars comment, Galactus much more powerful than Thanos. Fantastic Four + Surfer would routinely fight back Galactus. Thanos power therefore way overstated in this movie.  My youngest has no idea what I’m talking about.
Was a comic book fan as a kid and therefore know the Marvel Universe. I am watching Infinity Wars; no way Thanos beats Hulk that easily. No way. Something else is going on.
As Trump uses nationalism to run roughshod over the world order, I wonder if any of the Dems who opposed Obama’s effort to get the TPP done and assert US leadership will acknowledge that perhaps that was a mistake.
Another data point that shows Democrats need to BOTH drive turnout among core democratic voters AND win the center in both 2018 and 2020.  New leaders with big ideas that focus on our future will unify our country and make for a winning formula. 
 You don’t like the notion of bringing the country together?
“I believe that the pursuit of truth and right ideas through honest debate and rigorous argument is a noble undertaking”  This is a very well and truly said statement by the great Mr Krauthammer.  
Read coverage of why my 2020 presidential campaign is getting attention in Iowa.
Polling shows Delaney moving into fifth in Iowa by name id. Read more from on how our presidential campaign is gaining ground.
Read how my presidential campaign aims to answer the central question of 2020 - How do we bring our country back together?
John Delaney discusses how his presidency would unite a divided America with
We should be looking for ways to unify instead of ripping each other down. Read more about what our campaign is about here: 
Hyperpartisanship is our biggest enemy; it's tearing our country apart.
I'm running for president because I'm committed to finding real solutions to the problems Americans face. 
We are witnessing a dangerous pivot away from international engagement and cooperation. Continuing down this path of isolationism will damage America's image abroad and will hurt our economy and threaten our national security. 
Another high profile suicide and another example of the scale of the mental health problems we have. It touches all of our lives and there is still too much stigma and not enough effective treatment. We must come together to combat this growing problem.  
As a catholic, I believe that catholic social justice doctrine is a guide for a more just society. It is that exact social justice doctrine that makes me to fight for DACA; DACA is a moral imperative. I also don’t believe Jesus was a supply sider.  
CAPS WIN!!!!
 Agree. Every kid should have preK
As talk of the formal end of the Korean War is discussed, let’s not forget the men and women of our amazing military who have served in the Korean Peninsula and across all of Asia for the last ~70 years staring down threats to the United States and our allies.
Jamie Dimon and Warren Buffet are exactly right. Long term investing and thinking are good for the economy and will serve to make capitalism more just and inclusive.  
A terrible idea to start a trade war with China but doing so with our allies is ludicrous. The end result is uncertainty for businesses, damage to our economy, American jobs in jeopardy, ; further eroding our global standing with our allies ; competitors. 
Congrats to all the Dems who won their primaries last night. There's a lot of work to do between now and November, and I'm all in.
Excluding tax dollars, Americans spend a lot more on housing and transportation than on healthcare.  Let’s all be inspired by hard working Americans and do things to make these burdens more manageable. 
I appreciate the shout out in WaPo. Yes, would be a superb Montgomery County Executive and help make MoCo more competitive for jobs.  
 Welcoming to 124: Opinion | The question that could decide the 2020 election 
 heard you on this AM and I like what I’m hearing.
 “The American people have correctly diagnosed that we have a problem, but the remedy they’ve chosen—Donald Trump—is comple…
 Thanks for joining Mark Smith in to discuss your 2020 Presidential candidacy and your new…
 Thanks for joining Mark Smith in to break down why you are running for President in 2020…
 I'm standing with and committing to ''bipartisanship and compromise in the service of accomplishment.''…
Telling the truth is in short supply today in politics. While lies are politically effective in the short-term, they do lasting damage by eroding people's trust in government. Restoring honesty ; civility in gov't starts at the top, with the President. 
The concerns of pundits and political insiders in the Beltway don't reflect the concerns of the rest of the country. My message of bringing the country together, restoring public faith in government and preparing for the future is resonating in Iowa. 
Alabama.California.Iowa.Mississippi. Montana.New Jersey.New Mexico.South Dakota.These states have primary elections today. If you live in one of these states, make sure to vote.  
Climate change is the enviro challenge of our time—to secure our future we must act now. Carbon taxes, like the one I proposed in 2014, are the types of solutions our country needs more of. Stand with me to protect our environment on   
 new OFF MESSAGE: has a poll that has him at  in name ID in Iowa -- behind only Biden, Sanders, Warren, B…
The media and political insiders may be surprised by this but I'm not. 11 trips to Iowa with more than 120 campaign stops — I'm putting in the work and it's showing. Voters want someone who can bring our country together and make real progress. 
 John is right. If we want sound policies that help ; stay affordable, polarization=dead end. POTUS long shot…
THE CAPS!!!!! 
 Questions from that every candidate should ask: “How can we restore some sense of respect to the presidency?…
Last week, I sat down with of the to discuss why I'm running for president and how we can unify our divided nation. Read the story here:  
Democrats should be the party that brings the country together. Read more about why I'm running for President and what makes my campaign different. 
Bringing the country together and preparing for the future - Fred Hiatt in the on what my campaign is all about: 
It was great to sit down with to talk about why I've focused my campaign on bringing our divided nation together. 
 ICYMI: A 2020 presidential candidate joined the show this week. Meet Congressman + learn about his platform…
 Agree - which is why you should read my new book - The Right Answer! The title comes from a 1958 JFK speech where he said “we should not seek the democratic answer, or the Republican answer. We should seek the Right answer”
 Sorry missed that. Agreed, Baltimore has way too many murders but Maryland is generally doing well compared to other states. See below. 
 And universal background checks??Let’s step up to the line toe to toe and have a real debate here. I answer your questions, you answer mine. What say ye man?
 Ok. Would they be subject to ongoing training, certification, and monitoring so that they are as equipped as law enforcement mentally and physically. Also, That was 1/2 of my question. Where are you on universal background checks?
Week in review: Good news on North Korea. Strong economic data ; jobs. Another bad trade war. More degradation of decency with racist Barr tweet and offensive Bee tweet. Attacks on immigrant children ; FBI.  Let’s get back to combining our natural strengths with moral leadership
 I don’t have any issue with allocating funds to help schools pay for police officers for additional security.  In fact, I think it’s a good idea. But I also think we should not arm teachers and that we need universal background checks. How do you feel about that?
Check out my conversation with on Red and Blue about my new book, The Right Answer, and how we can bring our country together. 
Happy  I'll always stand with the  community and fight for a more inclusive and just America.  
One of the biggest problems of hyperpartisanship is that we've stopped talking ; listening to each other. It's pulling communities ; even families apart. A strong democracy needs dialogue, respect and civility. My campaign is about bringing us together. 
 it's out now! 
 fascinating convo with will be following your campaign with interest.
 Now it's (D-MD). Get his new book, "The Right Answer"  
This year alone, there's been an average of one school shooting per week in the U.S. It's shameful that we haven't made progress on common sense gun safety even though nearly all Americans believe we should get something done.    
 Current commute reading: "The Right Answer: How We Can Unify Our Divided Nation", written by 2020 presidential candidate
 This evening I met a presidential candidate for 2020 here in Washington: Maryland Rep John Delaney. So far, he’s visited…
Using a national security justification for starting another trade war proves once again that Trump understands neither trade nor national security. 
Check out my interview on where I discuss  and my new book, The Right Answer. 
 Great interview radio today talking your  and  roots and values
 Congressman John K. Delaney offers prescription for uniting the US in his new book, THE RIGHT ANSWER(
A concerning line; implies they can hack into tabulation systems: “Mr. Obama did not impose sanctions on Russia in retaliation for the meddling before the election because he believed it might prompt Moscow into hacking into Election Day vote tabulations” 
Telling the truth is a trait that is in short supply these days. We have to stop lying about each other and focus on the issues at hand.
"The American people are not nearly as divided as our political leaders are."I had a great time on this morning talking about my new book, The Right Answer, and how to unify our divided nation.  
The Trump/Sessions immigration policy is immoral and is a betrayal of our values. 
We have been proud to support the Maryland chapter for many years and we were honored to lend a hand to the Iowa chapter. It is so important that we encourage more women to run for office.
April ; I were honored to hold a fundraiser for at our home. Emerge is a tremendous organization whose mission is to encourage more Democratic women to run for office. They provide 1st time candidates with in-depth training ; a support network. 
 Rep. says we need to focus on "core democratic voters," but we also need a message that captures the center.…
 Heard you on Brian Lehrer and I am very impressed and pleased with your grasp. Our country needs a new co…
Positive step. We need to continue to make capitalism more just and inclusive and corporate America has an important role in making that happen.  
In cab in NYC talking to driver about how Uber has depressed value of medallions ; drivers are underwater on loans. The right answer was not to prohibit Uber but to provide real support to the cabs thru this transition.  Government keeps failing to mange change ; workers get hurt
 Now: Meet a Maryland Congressman who is running for president in 2020. Tune in
Excited to talk about my book, bipartisanship and how we can bring the country together on Tune in! 
The American people want us to get things done and tackle the big problems. A hyper-partisan approach won't get it done. If you look across history nearly all the landmark bills that changed the country for the better were bipartisan.
The title of my book that hit bookstores today comes from a JFK speech “let us not seek the Republican answer, or the Democratic answer, but the right answer” and today is JFK’s birthday. 
 has failed the people of Puerto Rico. These are American citizens. It's a tragedy and embarrassing that we have been unable to care for them. They deserve better. 
 NEW-2020 Watch: Declared Democratic presidential candidate Congressman of Maryland  - a frequent visitor…
My book came out today.  “The Right Answer” comes from a speech by JFK where he said “let us not seek the Republican answer, or the Democratic answer, but the right answer” 
 NEW BOOK OUT TODAY: The Right Answer: How We Can Unify Our Divided Nation by   "The fir…
What Trump and the Congressional Republicans are doing on immigration is immoral and against everything I hear in Church on Sunday.  If I were them I would not want to defend these positions in front of St. Peter.     
On this  we pay tribute to the men ; women who’ve made the ultimate sacrifice on the battlefield defending the country they loved. Today is about taking the time to look beyond our own lives ; show gratitude to those who have allowed us to be here, free and secure.
Instead of doing what many Dems are doing now - engaging in a silly divisive debate about whether Dems like myself who voted to ease regulations on community banks are “true Dems” - maybe we should focus on what really matters: losing our edge to China 
Great point. The media needs to talk about people’s character and how they have lived their lives. Distinguished public/community service, stable marriage, raising a family, building an admired company are more important than being clever on twitter or saying outrageous things. 
Understanding change and ensuring that our citizens are prepared for it is one of the most important jobs of elected officials. That doesn’t mean making government bigger or smaller, but it does mean making it smarter and in tune with the changes that are occurring in the world.
I’m a big fan of Amazon and believe the company has a positive impact, but I would definitely not use these devices until the technology is more proven.  
Well and truly said by one of America’s truly great entrepreneurs whose program is lifting up communities across the US and whose push for comprehensive immigration reform will make us more competitive.  
POTUS is upending the world order that all Presidents since WWII have worked hard to create; a world order that has both made the United States the most secure and prosperous nation in the world and reduced poverty and conflict around the world.
Trade wars and a backwards-looking economic approach aren't going to prepare us for a global, high-tech future. We need a President that is more focused on where the world is headed than fighting the battles of the past. 
Thanks, Donna. For the great interview, for reading the book, and (more importantly) for all you have done for democracy and justice in our country. 
As usual, Trump’s ego got in the way and his letter to NoKorea served to “snatch defeat from the jaws of victory.” But with NoKorea’s response, POTUS has been given another chance to do the right thing; we should proceed with the summit and stop sending impulsive responses.
 Just taped  with interviewing on his book, "The Right Answer"  Watch for int…
When putting food on the table is no longer a bipartisan issue, you know we desperately need a change in leadership.   
GOP has taken a bipartisan bill ; turned it into another bitter partisan fight. The right answer is simple: we give farmers the resources they need to feed our country ; fully fund SNAP so every American can afford to feed themselves ; their family. 
Many of the people who complain about Dems in Congress not doing enough about this or that are the same people who steered the party away from the needs of everyday Americans, which in turn caused us to lose, which in turn prevents us from getting enough done in Congress.
 "It’s striking that the United States doesn’t have a national artificial intelligence plan.”  via 
The American people want us to get things done and tackle the big problems. A hyperpartisan approach won't get it done. 
 Thanks, Robert and provided good pay and benefits to workers and invested in local communities while building Total Wine, which is the right approach for creating a just and inclusive company.
The EPA's selective barring of news organizations is unacceptable. Having an open and free press is key to a strong democracy. It's how the American people know whether or not their government is telling the truth. 
When I say we need to “focus on the future” it’s not just how technological innovation is changing work but also how it’s changing weapon systems and our threats. US needs a comprehensive AI and Technology Strategy.  
The Trump administration is, at its core, corrupt and the GOP controlled Congress just looks the other way. History will judge the President and the Republicans in Congress harshly. 
 As astutely points out, we do need an  strategy. Some of us are thinking about this:
Artificial intelligence and automation will be just as disruptive as globalization - that's why we need a national AI strategy that ensures the country benefits. Read my most recent op-ed in​ about where we are with AI.  
Data showing most of the tax benefits from tax reform went to investors as opposed to workers. I am both a strong believer in capitalism but I also want to make it more just and inclusive, which is something I always focused on in my business career.  
 Please check it out here! 
 "In the US there’s an incredible discussion taking place about AI, automation, the future of work, and privacy—but all .…
A president cannot use the Justice Department and the FBI to punish political opponents or those he perceives as enemies.  If we allow this to happen, we have lost our constitutional protections.  
The aging of the populations has profound impact of our social insurance programs. This is an interesting read that underscores our need to be looking at the facts and making policy decisions that prepare our society for the future.  
Artificial intelligence will fundamentally change the way the world works. The US needs a plan to prepare the workforce to not only survive this change but thrive. 
'France, China and the EU all have an AI strategy. Shouldn't the US?'  Read my op-ed in about the need for a national AI strategy. 
In 1950 Sen Margaret Chase Smith said: “I speak as a Republican, I speak as a women, I speak as an American. I don’t want to see the Republican Party ride to victory on fear, ignorance, bigotry, ; smear.” Rs who refuse to stand up to Trump should read these words. From McCullough
 Democrats want to govern and we should run on that. American people are tired of elected officials putting political party ahead of their country. This is why the fastest growing political party is independents/unaffiliated. Dems can be a big tent party by focusing on governing
 Well and truly said
 At the federal level we are all fighting hard for common sense gun safety measures like universal background checks (which 97% of Americans support) and a limitations on powerful assault weapons.
In today’s globally interconnected world, outbreaks can spread fast. What we have learned is that early intervention, appropriate resources, and a coordinated strategy, like we ultimately had in 2014 under is key to avoiding a global crisis  
The GOP have destroyed one of the great bipartisan deals in the Congress - The Farm Bill. This is what happens when people put blind ideology ahead of functioning democracy.
 2/2 Syria is the great humanitarian crisis of this century. The conditions in Syria are tragic ; I favored stronger US diplomatic steps to avert this crisis combined with the US working with allies to create a no fly zone early in the civil war and a more humane refugee posture.
 1/2 Iraq was one of the truly great mistakes in American foreign policy. It cost us trillions of dollars, destabilized the region, and (more importantly) resulted in the loss of over 5000 of our troops and hundreds of thousands of related casualties.
Another horrific tragedy.  Young people, with their whole lives ahead of them, have it all taken away by a cold hearted killer. The American people deserve a government that will do something to protect our kids in their schools.  
It's troubling to see that on the anniversary of  one of the President's judicial nominees refuses to answer whether SCOTUS made the right decision on this case. 
 “70 percent of the children in the US live in a county where there is no evidence of upward mobility... this disparity of…
 Congressman Delaney, you have been my representative for three terms and I think you’d be a great presid…
 People should be listening to b/c he’s out there doing good work and speaking a lot of truth on the trail. 
 Amazing speech by at the  conference - he is spot-on about every key issue. are the fu…
The Senate just voted to restore  This is a big win! Now it’s time for the House to get this done.
 "The cost of doing nothing is not nothing. We pay a huge price when we fail to act." 
 Great to hear from 2020 candidate who has an optimistic vision for the country. 🇺🇸 
 NewDem Congressman and Presidential candidate speaks at   policy conference. 
Delivering the keynote address at the policy conference. 
"We have every advantage you could possibly want as a country... but what is broken is our political system."Enjoyed speaking about our challenges and opportunities this week in Spencer. Great Iowa trip.   
I'm not denying anything. I've already made 19 trips to Iowa and New Hampshire and nearly 200 campaign stops. I'm all in. 
Happy   Wishing everyone who observes a blessed month. 
I finished up my 11th trip in  yesterday. I've now campaigned in 58 counties. 
Last stop of the day in Sheldon, IA. It’s been an incredible trip.  
I hope the First Lady has a speedy and successful recovery.  
Q;A session with local Dems in Clay County, IA 
Had some great conversations with Iowans this morning☕️ 
In Iowa today and looking forward to answering questions in: 🚐 Storm Lake 🚐 Spencer🚐 Arnold's Park🚐 Sibley🚐 Sheldon 
 In many ways, character is all that matters. What are your values, what do you care about, what kind of world/society do you aspire for? What is your vision and what role do we all play? Policy is interesting but the facts/world always changes so its really about the person.
In the words of my favorite artist, Bruce Springsteen, "this one's for you, ma!" Happy Mother's Day to all the selfless mothers out there. The world would not be the same without your love. 
Leaks are not good but the reason people leak info is because they feel so uncomfortable with their situation or the people around them that they feel the need to do something, so they leak info as a way of doing something. Notice there are no leaks from Mueller’s operation.....
Happy Mother’s Day to my amazing wife April - our girls are so blessed to have you as their mom - and also Happy Mother’s Day to my mom - I am so lucky to have you as a mom.
 I think we are better off making it clear that Dems stand for allowing government to negotiate with pharma. Dems will lower drug prices, Trump won’t. Re Cohen, let’s have SDNY deal with him; the court of “cable television public opinion” has no teeth. Only Mueller and SDNY matter
On a scale of 1 to 10 (10 being taking steps to materially lower drug prices) Trump’s actions are a 2 or 3. We need to allow the government to negotiate with pharmaceutical companies. That gets us closer to 7. Using pay for success approach to innovative drugs gets us to an 8.
I’m very pleased with the progress on North Korea, particularly the release of hostages and the setting of the summit meeting. We need to ensure that any deal is at least as good as the Iran deal (which President wrongly rejected) in terms of reduction, dismantling and oversight
Trump is like a Marvel super villain whose unique power is a spell he puts on people that distracts them and makes them run around talking about stuff that doesn’t matter. While they are distracted he jams thru bad policy. Fortunately his powers don’t work on all of us.
WE have 2 options as DEMS: either talk about Stormy, Avenatti, and Comey, which helps turn THEM into valuable brands for their own self promotion OR we can talk about how WE will improve people’s jobs, their pay, and the opportunities for their kids, which wins elections for DEMS
Agree - only thing that matters re Trump is Mueller/SDNY. Other than defending Mueller, Dems should focus only on “what we will do for people.” That’s what I’m running on and after 170+ events in Iowa and NH I can tell you that’s what voters care about! 
From New Hampshire yesterday.  
An organization’s culture is defined, in part, by what type of comments are tolerated. It sounds like the inappropriate comments about Sen McCain’s health were not objected to by anyone in the meeting at the WH. What does this tell us about the WH’s culture towards our veterans?
Immigrants made up about 15% of the general workforce last year and one-quarter of the United States' entrepreneurs. I'm not sure what General John Kelly is talking about here, but this bears no resemblance to the reality of  in America. 
Just landed in New Hampshire and driving to meet with some exciting local candidates!   
Well said by regarding Iran decision: “The strangest aspect of Trump’s gamble on Iran is that it’s so reminiscent of President Bush’s decision to invade Iraq in 2003. We’re doing it again — transforming a manageable problem into a freewheeling, uncontrolled one.”
It is the responsibility of television news organizations to vet their guests before putting them on their shows. This mad rush towards ratings and $$$ in cable television helped get POTUS elected and is undermining the truth.  
Excited to be back in New Hampshire tonight   
It's been eight months since Trump announced he was ending the DACA program -- it's far past time we got this done -- Speaker Ryan should do the right thing and allow a vote on bipartisan bills to protect the Dreamers. 
 framed Trump’s Iran decision perfectly: “the strangest aspect of Trump’s gamble is that it is so reminiscent of President George W. Bush’s decision in invade Iraq in 2003 - transforming a manageable problem into a freewheeling, uncontrollable one.”
All Americans should be very happy to see these three Americans back home. Great news.  
Now that Trump has walked away from the Dreamers he can turn his attention to something even more cruel - separating small children from their parents. The next time he or his family say anything about caring for people, think about these stories.  
I'm proud to have cosponsored legislation in the House to save  Free and open internet should be made available for everyone, not the privileged few. 
Congratulations to for winning  Dem nomination. He’s a great candidate that will help us win back the House and someone who’s bringing people together in these divisive times. Proud to have endorsed him. 
The President missed an opportunity to work with our allies to fix the flaws in the JCPOA ; instead choose a reckless path that with either isolate the US from our allies, accelerate Iran becoming a nuclear state, or lead to a military conflict with Iran.  He has no strategy.
Free, universal pre-K—something that has been proven to drastically change the course of students' lives—could be within reach.
Many wealthy Americans already understand the benefits to society and are also already giving philanthropically to childhood early education.
To pay for the plan: 💵 Modest tax on the income of very wealthy Americans that would be walled off from the general budget
I believe we need universal pre-K now and the best way to achieve this would be with full funding from the government. I have a plan to accomplish this.
Kids who go to pre-K are more prepared for school, they tend to score higher on tests than those who don't, and they're only half as likely to end up in special-needs programs down the road.
Pre-K education is one of the best investments we can make.
 NEW-2020 Watch: Declared Democratic presidential candidate of Maryland returns to NH on Friday; paying…
THIS is why Putin helped Trump campaign—he knew Trump is untrustworthy ; would back out of our global engagements(TPP, Paris, Iran) ; diminish our leadership in the world. Pulling back from our global leadership position is bad for our economy ; nat sec 
Happy Teacher's Day! Thank you to all the dedicated teachers who are shaping the next generation. Tag an educator who's had a big impact in your life!   
I was in Ohio last week to support Dem candidate Danny O'Connor in this important race. Danny's talking about the right issues and wants to find common ground in Congress. Proud to endorse him ; wishing him luck as voters head to the polls today.  
I had many influential educators in my life and would not be the person I am today without them. Thank you to all the hard-working teachers who go above and beyond. Let's celebrate them every day and give them the resources they need.  
Because we don’t have a National AI strategy we are allowing a few companies in the private sector to develop and own the most important basic science of the future.  
Mexico and the United States share more than just a border—we share history, economic ties, and close diplomatic relations. Today, we honor Mexican-Americans and everything they do to enrich this country. 
It was a great pleasure to tour the Siouxland Community Health Center and meet with truly dedicated professionals. I spoke about how technology will change healthcare, the importance of community health centers like Siouxland, and my deep appreciation for folks on the front line 
 It was a privilege to meet Rep. this evening and learn more about his vision for our nation’s future and…
 My friend talking about how important it is for Dems to fight for our values in places like Western Maryland…
Well crafted piece by a smart writer but it misses 2 important points. Independent voters are the fastest growing group in the US + many Rs leaving their party under Trump. Dems win big by persuading these voters we're a big tent party that wants to unify the nation 
Facts and the truth should always be our allies and should never be weaponized to sow distrust within our republic. 
It's something so fundamental to our democracy and yet, in today's political climate, Americans are told repeatedly that the press is the enemy and shouldn't be trusted.
The freedom of the press is a topic that has historically been a bipartisan issue. 
Just entered my 50th Iowa County - Crawford. 
There is always a lot going on with POTUS, which forces democrats to be very short term and tactical, but we also have to be long term and strategic and talk to voters about what they care about, what their priorities are, and what we can do for them and their families.
Republicans are not doing farmers any favors these days. Trump’s trade war hurts them as does the decision by GOP leadership to make the historically bipartisan Farm Bill into another partisan ideological exercise.  This approach will hurt US agricultural industry. 
Antonio Weiss is correct. Carson’s proposal is bad economics and will hurt working and struggling Americans and their families.  
Very well and truly said.  
"I want to bring the country together and focus on the future. We’re not preparing our country for the future and we’re terribly divided.”I was very excited to be back in NH this past weekend talking about my vision for the future.   
This is the right response. We live in a time when the free and independent press is under attack and the best response is to support the press, remind people of the central role they play in our democracy, and foster a civil, respectful, truth based debate. 
“Americanism is a question of principle, of purpose, of idealism, of character. It is not a matter of birthplace” - Theodore Roosevelt.   Compare that standard to the Trump administration’s policies on traumatizing very young immigrant children.  
Just finished a full day in New Hampshire talking to voters in Manchester, Peterborough, and Keene. Great day in the always wonderful Granite State and it was great to be back for our 7th trip since 2020 announcement. Will be back May 11th!
The problem with money in politics is not candidates who invest in their own campaigns in a transparent manner like I have or Bloomberg, Phil Murphy or David Trone has, the problem is dark money super PACs whose donors and agendas are hidden and who work against the common good.
In addition to NOT taking corporate PAC money for my Presidential 2020 race, I’m committed to pushing Congress to initiate a consititutial Amendment to REVERSE the Citizens United decision as soon as I take office.
Heard an interesting insight from a pioneering technologist who predicted data will not be that valuable in the near future because AI empowered systems will predict your profile based on a relatively limited number of keystrokes.
We have to be careful and cautious (obviously), but this is a big and important development. A year ago, none of us would have thought this is where we would be.  
The Speaker dismissed House Chaplain (he’s a great guy btw) b/c he said a prayer during the tax bill that our deliberations should be “fair” to all Americans?? That seems like a harsh response unless they actually believe they weren’t fair to all Americans 
I have a very cool place to take My Daughter to Work! Grace and I outside the beautiful Capitol. 
Macron made the case for the TPP and why it was BIG mistake for Dems not to support Obama’s effort to get this done: “...closing the door to the world will not stop the evolution of the world. It will not douse, but inflame the fears of our citizens.”
What Scott Pruitt is doing to the EPA by cherry-picking the evidence scientists can use has nothing to do with transparency. He wants to do a cost-benefit analysis but ignore the benefits. It's about hamstringing the agency and giving power to polluters. 
We should be working on strengthening the Iran Deal, not unilaterally withdrawing from it. Most important thing = preventing Iran from ever getting nuclear weapons.
"As for the sunset clause, it is entirely illogical to exit a deal early because it does not go on long enough(!)."The sunset clause was the part of the deal that I was most uncomfortable with, but this is exactly right. 
We should be working on strengthening the Iran Deal, not unilaterally withdrawing from it. Most important thing = prevent Iran from ever getting nuclear weapons.
Great speech, truly. Macron is pro-trade, pro-global military and security alliances, anti-nationalism, pro-fighting climate, pro-fighting terrosirim, pro-preparing the world for technology, pro liberty, freedom and progress.  Smart and tough. My kind of leader.
Macron on climate change “there is no planet B”
“Democracy is the best answer to the questions that arise today”  Macron.
French President Macron with portrait of Lafayette behind him. 
I’m not that partisan, but the Republicans proposed cuts to food stamps are unconscionable. Remember, from John 3:17: “If anyone has the world's goods and sees his brother in need, yet closes his heart against him, how does God's love abide in him?”
I’m truly shocked by the lack of focus by elected officials and the media on the upcoming North Korea meeting. It likely will be the most Important diplomatic engagement of the year and it has the potential to go very well or very badly with huge down stream consequences.
We should be implementing a carbon tax to fight climate change, not denying that it's happening. At the same time, we can provide benefits for displaced coal workers and low and middle-income Americans. 
April ; I send our thoughts and prayers to victims of this senseless tragedy and their families. Our hearts go out to the people of Toronto. 
If we do, we'll be saddling future generations with unfair debts. If we can focus on the future, instead of relitigating battles of the past, we can and will make meaningful progress.
Hopefully, everyone had a wonderful Earth Day yesterday and managed to enjoy nature in some small or large way. But every day needs to be "Earth Day" in our minds. We cannot wait to act on issues such as climate change and environmental degradation... 
This Earth Day, I urge you to think big. Think about our planet. Think about future generations. And commit to acting to make sure we preserve our planet for our children. 
America can lead industries that will define this century while also protecting our children from pollution and extreme weather events. Take a step today. Join Team Delaney in rejecting Scott Pruitt's plans for the EPA. 
In a touching tribute secret service agents refuse to leave Mrs Bush’s coffin until she’s buried citing her as one of the most gracious people they’ve guarded. Good example of David Brooks’s living life for our eulogy virtues rather than our resume virtues 
The last thing Dems need is to be divided by people who say they are “true democrats” or “true progressives.” Bottom line, overwhelming majority of democrats are fighting for the same values. Letting ourselves be divided by silly distinctions plays right into Repunlican’s hands
With the endless distractions from the Trump-Comey-Cohen commotion, let’s make sure we keep track of our most pressing foreign policy issue: North Korea. It looks like Trump ; Kim Jong Un will meet, which could result in a good or bad deal (or no deal) 
Students shouldn’t have to face gunmen because politicians can’t face up to the NRA.  Today is the anniversary of the shooting at Columbine High School in Littleton, CO. I’m inspired by the more than 1000 schools walking out and leading on this issue.  
8 years ago today, the worst environmental disaster in our history occurred on the Deepwater Horizon. Industries in the Gulf are still recovering. We cannot allow Trump to open the eastern seaboard to offshore drilling and Scott Pruitt to weaken our environmental regulations. 
Pompeo would not be my choice for Sec of State ; I’m deeply concerned about many of his views and comments, but Senate should confirm him while also passing a resolution to protect Mueller.  We need a Sec of State for NKotea talks, otherwise we will be relying on Trump/Bolton.
We have much to learn from Pope Francis. Check this out.          
We can either accept the future that we're headed for or we can create the one we want for ourselves.
I believe we should establish a clean energy goal of 50% by 2030. Already four states get 30% or more of their power from wind, including Iowa.
On the Road to the Future, we cannot afford to be backward-looking. Trump seems to want an economic and environmental policy meant for the 1850's, but America needs to lead in the industries that will define this century. 
As I’ve said, Democrats can’t just talk about how bad Trump is or how unfit he is to be President , we have to tell the American people what we will do for them. How we can usher in an era that is more prosperous, secure, and just. That’s all that matters. 
We’ve had around the clock analysis of the Haley-Kudlow spat, which is fine, we all think Haley handled it well. How about we pivot ; spend a little time talking about the Farm Bill reauthorization, a very important bill in which R’s plan to gut food stamps (of all things) in it.
A good summary of our current foreign policy opportunities and challenges.  
America in the 21st century with all our wealth, power, and innovation should not allow our citizens  to endure with no power for months. This is a national embarrassment.   
We have had two Presidents with zero political or military experience - Herbert Hoover and Donald Trump. The first led to the depression of our economy and the second is leading to the degradation of our society. I say we not try that again in 2020.
Pruitt's terrible policies aside, his outrageous spending of taxpayer dollars has dishonored the office he holds. We need to  
Great story about a new hero.  
What Matters: the North Korea meeting, does Congress finally debate a new AUMF, a $1T deficit, protecting Mueller, proposed cuts to food stamps. What doesn’t matter: the endless speculation about what Mueller or SDNY will or will not do re: Trump or Cohen (let it just play out)
April and I are deeply saddened to hear the news about Barbara Bush. Our prayers are with her, President Bush, and the entire Bush family as they deal with the loss of such an amazing person. Mrs. Bush was a person of great faith, intelligence, and grace. God bless her.
In Pruitt's case, it's downright criminal. Scott Pruitt should be replaced by someone who can accountably lead the EPA.
Today is Tax Day. American taxpayers work hard year-round, often in multiple jobs, to make ends meet. When government officials spend taxpayer dollars frivolously, it's disrespectful to the millions of responsible Americans following the rules. 
To pay for cuts that disproportionately benefit wealthy Americans, Trump is now looking to cut social safety net spending. Instead of cutting important programs, we should be strengthening the social safety net for our children. 
Environmental protection is an area where we must be aggressive and forward-thinking. The federal government shouldn't prohibit states from pursuing more aggressive action on greenhouse gas emissions.
My read of Comey-Trump saga is that they are both partly correct. Comey correctly points out that Trump is morally unfit to be the President. The WH is correct in criticizing Comey for his “political” decision to announce the reopening of HRC investigation days before election.
Our thoughts are with the truly wonderful Mrs. Bush as she confronts her health situation.  
Reasons for new AUMF: Our people/troops deserve a debate on our role in Middle East. Current AUMF is 17 yrs old ; it’s been used by Obama/Trump to fight in 15+ countries. It’s Congress’ job to authorize war. We’ve lost ~7,000 US lives ; we’ve spent $3-6 Trillion in Middle East
We've seen this with DACA, now we're seeing it with guns. Gerrymandering is the reason we can't get anything done. 
Gen Mattis executed a successful strike, which was an appropriate response. We now need a Syria strategy (+AUMF) that addresses: Final ISIS defeat, supporting Kurds, our role in rebuilding, countering Iran’s ambitions, approach to Assad ; governance, refugees ; Russia
The American People and our Troops have been denied a debate about our mission in Syria and throughout the region. We can’t continue to rely on a 17 year old AUMF. We need a new AUMF and Congress has to stop abdicating it’s reaponsibility on this issue.
I hope the air strikes are successful at their mission ; that no American troops, those of our partners, or innocent civilians are harmed. Assad must be punished for his atrocities, but when the dust settles POTUS needs to lay out a strategic plan for Syria ; we need a new AUMF
Comey reminds me of how tiring rehashing 2016 is. Bottom line: Trump won. Russia meddled. Trump is even worse than we imagined. Trump needs to go either by Mueller’s investigation or in 2020. Dems need to win in ‘18 to check him. Dems need new leaders ; a new positive message.
Gerrymandering is the reason Congress hasn’t acted on gun safety legislation. Read my op-ed in Magazine. 
Listening to the words of MLK III at the ceremony honoring the life and legacy of Martin Luther King Jr.  Very moving. 
This is why I founded the Artificial Intelligence Caucus in the Congress - to educate Members of Congress on the most important technological trends.  
We should absolutely rejoin TPP. Tearing it up was a terrible mistake for our economy, for our national security, and for our ability to check China’s outsized influence in the region.  
Trump still won't rule out firing Mueller. We need to protect the integrity of this investigation and allow Mueller to follow the facts wherever they may lead. Sign my petition if you agree! 
I was in Iowa this past weekend talking about my vision for the future. It includes preparing our workforce, bringing the country together, and making real progress. Check out the ad I have running in Iowa this week.  
“It is not a pro growth strategy to sail right into a federal debt crisis” Douglas Holtz Eakin, former CBO director.
The tax reform that was signed into effect last December was an utterly wasted opportunity. We should have invested in our infrastructure and the communities that have been left behind. Instead, the GOP cut taxes for the wealthy and drove up the deficit. 
I'm working hard to help 2018 candidates flip seats from red to blue. Every race matters and I look forward to helping the blue wave roll on in 2018. 
  speaking in advance of  forum at Latino ; Asian Coalition in Des Moines. “When you stand for the im…
Equal Pay Day is the approximate day the typical woman must work into the new year to make what the typical man made at the end of the previous year. This is completely unacceptable. We're fighting for a better future where every single payday is   
Governor Ralph Northam, who recently won his election by pledging not to be a partisan warrior, has shown the kind of level headed leadership required to get things done. Medicaid expansion would be an important forward for Virginia.  
Congratulations to my 2012 House classmate and Bryan and Abigail on the blessing of this wonderful new member to your family.  
Door knocking for State Senate candidate Tracy Freese  in Nevada, Iowa - special election tomorrow. We are working hard for candidates up and down the ballot!  Opportunity for Dems is big in Iowa after POTUS launched an Iowa punishing trade war. 
Now up to 48 counties visited. The March to 99! 
As this piece argues, the economic case for immigration is incredibly strong.  Here’s another one: as our population ages and baby boomers spend down their savings for retirement, income inequality will grow w/o new workers and immigrants.  
 There are 24 county/county equivalents in Maryland. 2 of them are west of Washington county/Hagerstown and 21 of them are east. That may not be the exact way of thinking about it, but it adds weight to Ryan’s argument (and I defer to him entirely on this issue!).
“If you try to build a structure for the future without women as equals, then the future is immoral, unjust, and unsustainable.” A good quote I just heard during a discussion of global economic policy.
Spent last evening supporting Catholic Charities at their annual event. Their work for the poor, the homeless, the immigrant,the sick and the lonely is extraordinary.  This organization is a blessing.
 I will grant you that O’Malley was unpopular but just looked up the numbers. In 2012, I won the district by 20 and Obama won it by 9. In 2014, I won the district by only 2 and the Democratic gubernatorial candidate Lost it by 15. I won by 16 in 2016. Not sure how HRC did.
 The folks in Hagerstown say they are in western Maryland and the folks in Cumberland say the folks in Hagerstown are not in western md.....
 Sorry, I meant my “popularity” in your home, not how well you do. Btw, I used to do a lot of business in the skilled nursing industry when I was in the private sector.
 It seemed like the honorable thing to do. In the heat of the presidential race it’s hard to also be in Congress and do your job.
 We all got to put the anger aside. Ive work hard to end redistricting across the country and I’m the only Dem in the state to support Hogan’s redistributing commission. It’s one of the reasons I’ve always outperformed Dems in the district. Let’s work together.
 Sounds like it’s not too good in your home but our sense (which is informed by data) is that it’s just fine pretty much most places. God bless you all the same. Jd.
 We need everyone to truly govern. A unified nation; that’s a nation that makes enduring progress.
 LJ, I’ve worked hard to serve my constituents ; they’ve been good to me - I’ve significantly outperformed the Dem top of the ticket every time I ran.   I’m not seeking reelection in ‘18 b/c I didn’t think it is fair to them to run for President and stay in Congress during 19/20
 Sorry to get bogged down in the facts, but not true. Last full cycle spent more time in western md than Montgomery county (by a lot)
 Nope. We need both. We need to motivate Dems and convince swings. That’s how we win and that’s how we govern.
 The candidate that is the right answer will motivate Dems and convince persuadable independents and Republicans
CNN just asked a soybean farmer from Iowa who voted for Trump would he vote for him again in light of his damaging trade policies and he said “It all depends on who runs against him.”  Message to Dems: We need a candidate who can win swing voters. Period.
From Iowa: “We have to become the party that’s focused on where the world is going and focused on the future so that we create a future that is more prosperous for every American, more secure for every American and a society that’s more just.” 
Well said.  
The 21st century economy is about technological innovation and global interconnections. This is the economy I want to create. In contrast, Trump is deciding if he wants a 19th century economy (tariffs) or a 20th century economy (coal) 
Look who I ran into at the Cedar Rapids Airport. 
Between Trump’s trade war and Scott Pruitt’s war on renewables we see that Republican leadership is trying to decide if they want a 19th century economy or a 20th century economy. I’m in Iowa talking about how we create and thrive in the 21st century economy!
Trump's Trade War is bad for Iowa and bad for the country. Watch my new ad here and look for it tonight in Des Moines and Cedar Rapids. 
 “Only a free and unrestrained press can effectively expose deception in government. And paramount among the responsibilities of a free press is the duty to prevent any part of the government from deceiving the people.” Justice Hugo Black.
Yes, it was consequential.  It significantly degraded our democracy and it violated long held governing norms. It involved Republican leadership putting politics ahead of the national interest. The “weaponization” of constitutional powers for political gain is dangerous. 
He’s getting ready for the Dem wave in 2018.  
As I’ve said, every time Trump attacks Amazon what he is really doing is undermining the free press.  
In 2018 and 2020 a Democrat talking about solving problems and bringing the country together can defeat a divisive Republican anywhere   
 Frank Lloyd Wright would be deeply admiring of that lovely house by the river.
As we think about Trump attacking the free press let’s reflect on Supreme Court Justice Black’s words: “The Founding Fathers gave the free press the protections it must have to bare the secrets of government and inform the people.”
 Re visiting, be careful what you wish for!!!  Driving on I-80 now (I’m not driving while typing) and just told the team. We will take you up on it, Kurt.
You can’t fake showing up. Counties I’ve visited in Iowa so far.  Several good 2018 democratic pick up opportunities at state and congressional levels as well. 
Trump is clearly threatened by terrific coverage of his administration. Instead of lashing out at a single company in the private economy, maybe he should focus on how to end his foolish trade war with China which is hurting working Americans across the nation. 
The last year the Border Patrol apprehended fewer unauthorized immigrants than this year was in 1971, which was approximately when Trump avoided the Vietnam War draft for the fourth time because of “heel spurs”
The GOP tax plan + GOP deficit busting budget deal + Trump’s trade war = $trillions lost.  
50 years ago, we lost Dr. Martin Luther King, one of the most courageous, just and compassionate men our nation has ever known. Today we celebrate his legacy, but also are reminded that there is work to do. We are still a long way from the society Dr. King envisioned  
Yet Trump can justify cutting corporate taxes to 21% as opposed to the 25% that the business groups asked for. The difference is $400 billion. Imagine if some of that money went to our schools...... 
3/3 Democrats should be the party of the 21st century economy because Trump is trying to turn the clock back to the 19th century economy and this trade war is an example.  If you want to be the party of the 21st century economy you should support TPP.
2/3 Good trade deals - like the TPP - create jobs and help the U.S. build alliances around the world that keep us safe and ensure that America has access to fast growing markets, like Asia. Democrats should stand for smart trade policy for both eceinkmic and geopolitical reasons.
1/3 In my opinion, one of the reasons Trump won in 2016 was trade.  Since so many Dems came out unfairly ; hard against Obama’s effort on TPP, there was doubt created about whether Dems stood for working families. In truth, Obama was right, which is why I supported him.
Most Democrats and Republicans are speaking out against Trump’s terrible trade policy. They should also state their support for President Obama’s TPP trade pact, particularly the ones who opposed it in 2015. It is hypocritical to protest Trumps’s trade war and oppose TPP.
Does Wilbur Ross understand that history teaches us that wars last longer and cause more losses than expected BEFORE they end in negotiations.
From my interview with yesterday: Trump's attacks on Jeff Bezos and Amazon are an attack on the free press, trying to hurt Jeff Bezos (who also owns the Washington Post) because of the Post’s fantastic job covering the Trump administration. 
A sitting president repeatedly attacking the credibility of the media is dangerous to our democracy. Trump can't defend his policies on the merits, so he is trying to degrade trust between the American people and the free press. 
It’s bad enough that they show little compassion or common sense with respect to deportations, but now they are creating financial incentives for judges to create deportation mills out of our courts.  
As I told the President is misleading the country and endangering a program that 90% of the country supports. 
The ends don’t always justify the means. This is awful and doesn’t pass the look yourself in the mirror test.  
What would Jesus do? When Pope Francis addressed Congress he spoke of the immigrant and implored us “To respond in a way which is always humane, just, and fraternal” and he also quoted the Golden Rule, ‘Do unto others as you would have them do unto you’ 
Happy Easter  - “And so we ask the risen Jesus, who turns death into life, to change hatred into love, vengeance into forgiveness, war into peace.” - Pope Francis 
Pesach Sameach/ Happy Passover! Wishing you and your family peace and happiness. ✡️ 
Free speech is a broadly protected right ; the market for customers/advertisers is also free.  Ultimately the market allocates capital efficiently ; hopefully viewers ; advertisers will soon decide not to allocate any of their “capital” towards people that spin divisive rhetoric 
A good piece that objectively analyzes corporate tax cuts  
 My experience from Congress is that gerrymandering has made districts too safe and therefore not reprentative. I do think states with a history of discriminatory practices should have maps precleared but independent commissions would make that less of an issue by definition.
Clean energy technologies and reducing emissions are the future. Protecting our environment is the future. We cannot afford to be backward-looking. 
 Staying positive (since I’m trying to avoid the society-degrading snarky side of twitter), what matters is all of us working together to end gerrymandering. It’s a big reason why so many issues (DACA, background checks) have huge support but can’t get action in the House.
 The various grassroots groups working on this issue at both state and federal level for which I’ve probably done dozens of events for would probably disagree but all I care about is progress on an issue that is so central to our democracy
 The 1st step to “passing” a law starts with “introducing” a bill.  The 2nd step is to build support. When I first pushed to end gerrymandering people didn’t know what I was talking about. Our work has helped make it a front burner issue. The last step is to change the law
How bad is gerrymandering? In 2012 I was a political outsider looking to run for a new seat gerrymandered by the establishment for a particular State Senator.  After I expressed interest in running they changed the map to exclude my home from the new District! I ran anyway an won
After seeing how insidious gerrymandering was for my own Congressional District in Maryland, one of the first bills I introduced when I came to Congress in 2013 was a bill to end gerrymandering.  It’s time for politicians to put country over party.  
We have to protect this investigation. We need to allow Mr. Mueller to continue his investigation and follow the facts, wherever they may lead. 
 Just so the facts are clear since doesn’t seem to want to get bogged down in them see below 
Gerrymandering has helped destroy representative democracy. Why else do we have issues that 90%+ of the American people support (DACA, background checks) yet the House of Representatives can’t act upon. Our districts don’t represent America.  
 ?
What doesn’t matter: Biden vs Trump fist fight, Stormy Daniels, latest Javanka drama. What does matter: protecting Mueller, North Korea Meeting now that John “bomb everyone” Bolton is on board, starting a trade war, our growing deficit.
 Sick of Steve King? Donate to defeat him:    
The American people deserve answers about Russian interference in our elections. We need to let Mr. Mueller conduct his investigation independently. Sign my petition if you agree. 
A true American hero died last night. Linda Brown and her family stood up for what was right at one of the hardest times in history to do so. As a result, she changed the course of America forever. Please join me today in remembering her legacy. 
The media has probably allocated 10-20 times more coverage to Stormy Daniels than to Trump’s failure to protect us from election interference by Russia or others in 2018. What do you think is more important?
I'm so proud of the courage young people across the nation showed on Saturday. The next generation is inspiring the change we so desperately need, and I'm proud to support legislation that establishes universal background checks and bans assault weapons. 
We need to be thinking about the challenges of the future, like protecting our citizens' data privacy. I spoke with last week about Facebook's latest data breach. Check out the full video here: 
I was on before going to this morning. I absolutely believe these students, and everyone who's participating today, are helping change history for the better. Let's keep this moving forward. 
Ran into one of my great volunteers at March For Our Lives  
At the March For Our Lives led by a new generation of change makers 
More fired up change makers waiting to load on the buses to March For Our Lives!!!! 
Greeting constituents on the buses. Heading down to the march!!!! 
I'll be at the tomorrow.  These students are inspiring and are showing incredible leadership.  Proud to stand with them. 
I'm incredibly saddened by the passing of Jaelynn Willey and my thoughts and prayers are with the Willey family. We can do better than this. It's time to act. 
Mr. President, if you want to Veto the spending bill that is your decision but don’t justify it based on DACA because you can absolutely fix the DACA problem on your own by simply reversing your decision to set an expiration date for the program. Simple. Easy. 
I'm running for president to make sure your family and every family in our country has a chance at the American Dream. Check out my new ad airing in Iowa. 
It's unacceptable that veterans who serve our country return home and find themselves fighting medical bills they shouldn't have to pay and have them negatively affect their credit scores. My bipartisan Protecting Veterans Credit Act solves this problem. 
To put this in perspective, John Bolton still thinks the Iraq War was the right decision. Bad choice for National Security Advisor.
As a businessman and now as a public servant, I’ve always though you should hire the best and the brightest, not the most connected.  POTUS obviously has a different approach.  
“I feel strongly because it’s not an isolated incident, but it’s maybe the first time there’s a broad movement to get legislation passed.” —Naren, a high school student who attended the  last week. 
Childish all the way around. We don’t need leaders posing like they are some type of tough guy. I’m from a working class family; real tough guys are calm, show respect, do their work ; don’t look for trouble - but deal with it when it comes their way.  
This is the spending bill that was submitted last night at 8pm that they expect us to vote on today! This is an embarrassing way to manage the government. Things have to change! 
We still have not seen the details of the $1.3 trillion spending bill that they expect us to vote on tomorrow. This is a ridiculous way to manage the country, truly. Things need to change.
Disturbing, to say the least, to hear an ex-Facebook operations officer say protecting users didn't fit into their growth model. Facebook executives, including Mark Zuckerberg, should be testifying in front of Congress. 
There are bipartisan gun safety measures that a majority of Americans support, and it's time to bring them up for a vote. Thoughts and prayers are good but we must also act.
This comes only one month after the rampage at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. We need to be doing so much more to protect our young students in this country, and we can be. 
My wife April has been focused on this exact issue for several years through her work at CommonSense Media.  We need an AARP type organization for people that handles all of their data interfaces to ensure the terms of use agreements are fair to consumers  
CEOs that are focused on long term value as opposed to their own short term pay tend to both create more value and are better corporate citizens.  
This is a crisis and one of the great challenges of the next decade.  High School and Colleges have to think differently about managing stress in a social media enabled world. Media and politicians should understand their responsibility.  
It is so overwhelmingly disappointing that the White House, which belongs to the America people, is staffed by people who have a history of preying on the American people.  
One of the problems with the WH is that POTUS views WH staff as existing to please him as opposed to serving the country.
Had a great time speaking with Bloomberg about how Congress can be more responsive to the real problems we have in our economy. Check out the full video here:  
The American people overwhelmingly support Congress protecting Mueller from being fired.  Now is the time for Republicans to join with Democrats to prevent POTUS from firing Mueller.  Time is of the essence.  
Wayne Gretzky said “skate to where the puck is going, not where it is.” If you listen closely to the American people you hear something that politicians and the media don’t want to acknowledge - the American people are tired of the politics of division.  I’m skating towards unity
"This was my first protest and I’m so glad that I got to be involved. There has been so much violence and yet a negligent Congress. It’s time for a change and my generation is it." —Ehina, a high school student who attended the  on Wednesday. 
Just heard the awful news that my colleague Louise Slaughter just passed away. I’m stunned and saddened by this news. She was such an extraordinary leader of our party and our country and a wonderful human being. April and I will pray for her and her family.
I’m 3/4 Irish and definitely believe “Saint Patrick is the patron saint of immigrants.” 37 Million Americans claim Irish heritage and St. Patrick’s Day is one of the great celebrations of immigrant pride.
What a heartbreaking situation. Prayers for those who tragically lost their lives and to their families.  
I’m calling for PreK-14 as the basic and free educational package every American deserves. Our failure to update the basic, free educational package has driven income inequality, it has hurt economic growth, and it makes us unprepared for the future. 
There are so many reasons arming teachers is a bad idea but this is one. Imagine the chaos we'd have in schools on a regular basis if teachers were armed. 
The K-12 education system was designed in 1892 by “The Committee of Ten” ; has only been modestly updated since then despite the fact that the world has changed. Today, every kid deserves free PreK-14 (start at PreK and get 2 years of community college or skills training).
Good story analyzing the Conor Lamb race. To quote: he would be “better positioned to be the kinds of moderate figure that is needed” 
Great line from the movie “Darkest Hour” when King George tells Churchill: “go to the people and tell them the truth, unvarnished.” Isn’t that what we need today?
While social media contributes positively to society, it also degrades our political discussion, divides us politically ; contributes to device addiction among our kids. As a result, I’m going to try to use these platforms to convey my views ; not for personal attacks and gossip.
“One month ago, 17 people went to school, kissed their [families] goodbye, and never came home. That should never happen again." —Hiwot, a high school student who attended the  today. I'm so proud of students who are exercising their right to peacefully assemble. 
Shooting at Northwestern. School and students on lock down.
Always an honor to be on stage with John Lewis 
Today I stood with students in Rockville, Maryland speaking out against gun violence. The next generation is inspiring the country. We need gun safety legislation now. 
Conor Lamb, Doug Jones, Ralph Northam are sensible people who ran campaigns based on trying to bring people together and representing all of their constituents. They did not not run devisive, partisan campaigns. And they won purple/red states/districts.  Lesson for Democrats.
At walkout. Reading names. 
Headed to Wootton High School to participate in historic walk out. These kids are determined to make a difference and they will.
We are blind in the fight against gun violence because of the Dickey Amendment. Imagine if antibiotics were never invented because we were blocked from researching them. That's what's happening right now with gun safety and the Dickey Amendment. 
It’s just shocking to think that a President would dismiss his Secretary of State, the person who is FOUH in the line of succession, via tweet.  Our cherished government is being run like a dysfunctional family business.
An in-depth piece was just published in about my campaign, who I am, and why I'm running for President. Check out the article here:  
In the event anyone mistakenly thinks the Speaker is a “policy wonk” consider his objection to a discussion we obviously should be having solely on political grounds.   
Won’t support federal government helping to establish universal PreK but will support the federal government helping to arm teachers.  
She broke the law. She should go. Immediately.  
To twist a Churchill quote: “Never in the field of democracy were the conclusions of so many disregarded by the opinions of so few” 
It's incomprehensible that a group of men still think it's appropriate to dictate what women's bodies do and how they do it.
Finally good news on Metro. Bipartisan solutions are the only way to get things done. I applaud the MD and VA legislatures and and for this progress. Now we need federal support and reforms as well.  
Mattis is correct. The country - and the media - should be supportive of these talks and we should remain clear eyed and unified about our uncompromising goal of eliminating North Korea’s nuclear weapons.  
 Trump is entirely unfit to be President of the United States, but we can't be the party that just talks about how bad he…
 Thanks for the defense, Will, but it sounds like covfefecola is interested in a preemptive bombing of NoKorea.  I take different view. NoKorea is “the land of bad options” - which is why a diplomatic mtg makes sense provided we don’t reduce sanctions ; insist on denuclearization.
 Agree. First of all, we have not given anything away. All of the sanctions stay in place. All of them. Second, our preconditions for a deal are still that North Korea give up nuclear weapons. That hasn’t changed.  Accepting the meeting was right answer. We made no concessions.
It's inexplicable why the Trump administration refuses to protect our country and our elections from Russian interference. Russia hasn't paid a significant enough price to change their behavior. 
Despite a lot of hand wringing from both sides of the aisle, I do think the mtg b/w POTUS ; NoKorea is a good idea. For all the obvious reasons, my expectation are very low, but nuclear proliferation is the biggest global risk, ; why wouldn’t we meet to try to make progress.
Very positive.  
Congress is to blame for these tariffs.  For decades Congress did nothing for communities left behind - no new infrastructure, no new apprenticeship programs, no expansion of HUB zones. The cost of doing nothing is not nothing. We now have isolationist policies.
We've come such a long way on the march to equality, but we aren't done yet. I truly believe the movement we're seeing now will propel us into a brighter future because when women succeed, we all succeed. Happy  
Read my plan here: 
I'm happy Senate Democrats are adopting some of my plans to help fund infrastructure. 
Trump is entirely unfit to be President of the United States, but we can't be the party that just talks about how bad he is. Democrats are the party of the working family and we need to tell Americans our plan to stand up for them. 
Spoke with Conway area Dems this weekend in the great state of New Hampshire. Love meeting with passionate voters on the campaign trail.  
I am against Trump’s non-sensical tariff plan, but find it odd that people like Gary Cohn will consider resigning over this but not over Trump’s efforts to take healthcare away from 20mm people, his comments regarding Charlottesville, or the Muslim ban.
The number of individuals displaced from their homes by climate change will far exceed the number of individuals that were displaced in Syria and Syria is a massive humanitarian crisis that has destabilized politics in Europe.  We need to act on climate! 
 Presidential candidate makes 6th visit to NH    via 
News on North Korea is objectively very positive. We should be cautious, of course, and begin the hard diplomatic work needed to turn this sentiment into reality.  Could be a break through moment for the Korean Peninsula.
 on WMUR’s Close Up with Adam Sexton. Yet another great trip to New Hampshire, six and counting! 
When 90% of Americans believe DREAMers should be allowed to stay, and we still can't come to an agreement in Congress, it's time for new representation. 
 The Conway Area Democrats had a great turnout today with and Great…
A true inspiration. Young people have always led social movements in this country and I, for one, am proud to stand with activists like Emma.
 Presidential candidate speaks to voters at in Londonderry   via h…
One of the problems with having wealth and power that you have never legitimately earned is that you foolishly abuse it.  
I’m moved to be looking at Room 306 of the Lorraine Motel where Dr. King was killed. A place of remembrance of his legacy and all that he worked for. 
I spoke with about encouraging innovation while at the same time planning for the disruption that AI will create. AI will propel our nation into the future but we have to act to prevent parts of the country being left behind. Check out the video! 
Proud to not take a dime from the NRA. 
A perfect quote from an amazing man. The Democratic Party should embrace this as we work to lead the country into the future. We should be the party that does what is right, not the party that chases what is popular or the latest “hot” topic social media. 
About to take off for Alabama as part of the civil rights pilgrimage with the great John Lewis 
 Yes. A practicing catholic to be exact.
I would take the side of the four star General over the “mooch” any day of the week.   I seem to recall that General Kelly fired Scaramucci within about 10 seconds of taking the job as Chief of Staff.   
Lenders and investors who have met with him should be very wary going forwards that transactions with his family will likely be highly scrutinized if there is evidence of any of them meeting with Kushner will he worked in the White House.
As an unelected White House advisor he should have zero dealing with people doing business with his family business, particularly after his family was busted for listing his connections with Trump in a PowerPoint as a reason to invest with them.  
We haven't been able to get anything done on DACA or universal background checks—issues that an overwhelming majority of Americans agree on—because our elected officials don't represent the will of the people. Watch to hear about my plan to put an end to gerrymandering. 
Paid my respects to the great Reverend Billy Graham this evening. 
Hope Hicks resigning after 8 hour of testimony and admitting to “white lies” on behalf of the President is just another example of why people need to stand up to Trump, tell the truth, and not let the lure of power justify waiving basic moral and ethical standards.
97% of people support universal background checks—so why can't we get anything done on gun reform? Check out my live Q;A on guns in America. 
“When we saw what happened in Parkland, we were so disturbed and upset. We love these kids and their rallying cry, ‘enough is enough. It got to us. shows that sometimes the private sector takes the lead—it's time for the government to follow. 
Proud to earn a 100% rating on the League of Conservation Voters (LCV) scorecard. Protecting our natural world, ensuring our citizens have clean air and water, and leading the fight against climate change are central to my Presidential campaign.
NRA asked to choose between core US Foreign Policy interests vs allowing the sale of Russian military weapons and they pick Russia. 
It’s now even harder to decide what’s worse: that Kushner can’t get an FBI clearance, that he’s unqualified for all the jobs he’s been assigned, or (and this is new) that foreign governments were debating how to manipulate him based on his business dealings ; lack of experience
Democrats need to tell the American people what we will do for them. We're the party who believes that government can and should do transformative things. I'm ready to focus on our future and get things done. 
 Rep. John Delaney, a Maryland Democrat and 2020 presidential candidate, sees the dawn of artificial intelligence as a net p…
"We're the party of the working family. Whenever we're not talking about someone's job, their pay, and opportunity for their kids, we better have a darn good reason to not be focusing on those issues." Check out my interview. 
History tells us that innovation is a net-positive for society. But that doesn't mean there's no role for society to draw some lines from time to time. We must lean into these changes or we will pay a huge price for in-action. 
A remarkable move by the justices that should not go unheeded by Congress. We have a real opportunity to change the course of immigration policy for the better. 
 The AI-optimist for President  "The cost of doing nothing is not nothing. You pay a hu…
Nancy Hogshead-Makar and dedicated people like her are fighting to protect our nation's children. It's on all of us to make sure predators like Larry Nassar will never be ignored again. 
Imagine how much better our government would work if we had this kind of accountability and transparency.
Instead of governing by tweets and slogans, we should focus on the facts and actually talk about policy in a substantive way. As President, I will regularly debate Congress in the Capitol, like the Prime Minister does in the UK. 
It's time we come together as a nation to build real–not political–progress for working families. Enjoyed talking with on  yesterday! 
 As I read the news I’m struck by the question of what’s worse: that Jared Kushner is so shady that the FBI won’t clear hi…
If the NRA opposes and uses its PAC money to block something that 97% of Americans support then they are arguably an antidemocratic organization because they are blocking the will of the people.  
As I read the news I’m struck by the question of what’s worse: that Jared Kushner is so shady that the FBI won’t clear him for a security clearance or that he is not qualified for ANY of the jobs he’s been assigned.
 "We gotta push back ... but you also have to tell the American people what you'll do for them." on running agai…
"We need to update the social contract to better prepare for the next wave of disruption from  Thanks to the for inviting me to speak about the future of AI 🤖 
It’s hard to find many things that 97% of Americans agree on, but universal background checks is one of them.  This data point underscores how out of touch those elected officials who opposes backgrounds checks really are.  
There is mounting evidence every day that there was wrongdoing, but we can't take our eye off the ball. Let Mueller do his job and let's do ours—organizing Democrats to win in 2018 and 2020. 
 Just in: 2020 Democratic presidential candidate returns to  NH 3/4 ; 5. He’ll attend the Conway-Albany Win…
“Colossally stupid idea” is the perfect response.  
President Trump says he wants action. The people and students want action. My Democratic colleagues and I want action. We cannot let another tragedy pass with nothing more than a shrug. 
 “I worry much more about the effect  is having on kids to be free and independent thinkers than on the future of w…
  ;  agree we need to address  and the rise of   
“Innovation is totally a net positive but that doesn’t mean there’s no role for society to draw some lines from time to time.”  
 “we need to update the social contract to better prepare for the next wave of disruption from 
Talking today about  and  today at the with Stay tuned... 
This is positive. Let’s work to do all of these by voting on them in the Congress ASAP 
On gun safety measures, “Listening” is great, “voting” is even better.
The ice is melting from under the feet of people who have opposed common sense gun safety laws that would keep our kids safe.  
No time like the present to bring progress back to politics. 41 out of 99 Iowan counties visited, and counting! 
Proud to share my vision for the country on the Iowa Starting Line Podcast. Take a listen! 
Exactly right. No surprise, from a chess grandmaster. 
I’ve never accepted money from the NRA. 
We cannot allow hostile foreign powers influence public opinion on domestic issues. Russian trolls inflamed racial tensions and now they're stoking hysteria around the tragedy in Parkland, Fl. We must organize and strategize, not dissolve into a frenzy. 
If we had to force rank every citizens in this country based on “worthiness to receive a security clearance” Kushner would be in the bottom 10% based on his terrible conduct and shady dealings.  
The  are a time to rise above our divisions and support  Like and retweet if you agree. 
Thanks to the Littlest Cake Shop ; Deli in Corydon for hosting us this morning! 
Starting our day off right with a coffee and q;a in Bloomfield 
Honored to speak at today’s Marion County Democrats Soup Luncheon in Knoxville, Iowa! 
 7th trip to  for since he announced his POTUS candidacy last July. 
Really good conversation last night at the Pizza Ranch in Winterset about how we move the Democratic Party forward. 
Full house at today’s house party in Des Moines, Iowa! 
 Quite the large crowd for in Des Moines for a house party, a little ways out from the 2020  
  making a swing through Central Iowa this weekend for his presidential campaign. At a Des Moines house pa…
Enjoyed speaking with and members of the Lobby this morning in Des Moines. Great discussion on climate change and how we can leave the next generation a healthy planet. 
In light of the absolute confirmation that Russia interfered in our democracy ; the very high probability that they will do it again, it is arguably disloyal to the American people that has not directed the FBI to do anything about it. 
Mueller just indicted 13 Russians for interfering in our elections....does STILL believe Putin when he says he didn't do it? 
13 Russian nationals indicted by Mueller for election interference. I wonder if Trump will still insist there was no Russian interference?
I spoke with an amazing group of future leaders at American Agora last night. Great questions covering a wide range of subjects. 
Yup, I’m all in. See you this weekend! 
Take a moment to read the touching stories of the innocent victims. Does leadership at the NRA read these? If so,how do they sleep at night?
Opponents of gun safety measures say it won’t stop gun violence. They may be right, but it may stop some of it. Wouldn’t that be worth it?
The American people shouldn't have to doubt whether or not the President of the U.S. condones domestic violence. And his actions to protect those who commit domestic violence are clearly contrary to this statement. 
3/3 unless people have done that, they can’t complain. We still have a democracy ; if you vote ; support the right people, we can fix this.
2/3 ..my response is to vote for people who care about this issue, or get someone to vote for them, or give money to, or volunteer for, them
1/3 People complain that the Congress is doing nothing about gun safety or they express their disgust that Congress has done nothing...
has bipartisan support in Congress and from the American people. These are our children, our future, that are being shot down. We must do better. Thank you to the incredible men ; women who responded to the people of Parkland, Florida.
This is the 18th school shooting this year and we're only 46 days into it. Congress must be responsible for their end of this horrific tragedy. It is unethical to keep new common sense gun legislation from the floor that, by the way...
So why did you sign into law the republican bill that makes it easier for people with a mental illness to buy a gun? 
The cost of doing nothing is not nothing. Having our big digital giants (Facebook, Twitter, Google, etc.) take more responsibility over their platforms is imperative and something we focused on at the Common Sense Media  conference. 
Happy Valentines Day to my amazing wife April; it is a joy to spend my life with her. 
Did really just say he has to use taxpayer $ to fly first class for “security reasons” because we have a “toxic environment politically” ??How about you start actually doing your job to protect our ACTUAL environment from becoming toxic.
Great talking on about Trump's shell game of an infrastructure "plan" and my presidential campaign. Check out the interview to hear how I would fund transformative infrastructure projects.
Smart plan announced today by She and Tony James are focused on a looming and big retirement problem.
3/3 our country. This largely feels like a deregulatory plan dressed up as an infrastructure plan.   This won’t do the job!
2/3 other infrastructure programs ; it should be much larger and more innovative if we want to do something truly transformative to rebuild
1/3 I’m all for investing $1.5T on infrastructure w/ $200B from feds ; $50B for rural communities, but it should NOT be paid for by cutting
These are great portraits of President Obama and Michelle Obama. We do miss them, but thanks to the talents of Kehinde Wiley and Amy Sherald, we now have a new way of reflecting on their enormous contributions to the United States and the world. 
Any man that hits a woman is a weak, spineless, evil, coward. Anyone who knows that allegations of this type exist against someone and they don’t take the steps necessary to determine the truth is not much better.
 Nope. Read your history. Most of the enduring progress was bipartisan. Lincoln was a good example. Was he spineless? I think NOT.
The pattern is clear— the President of the United States would rather defend abusers than American women. 
When the candidate he endorsed was accused of abuse and assault by 8 women... 
When his campaign manager attacked a female reporter... 
When his aide was accused of domestic abuse by two ex-wives... 
 Today announced he'll publish book in June, "The Right Answer: How We Can Unify Our Divided Nation." Damage…
1 in 3 women in the United States has experienced abuse from an intimate partner. Donald Trump and his staff have shown time and time again that they only believe, respect, or support American women when it's convenient for them. 
  Democratic candidate for President, to publish THE RIGHT ANSWER with Read the full press re…
Companies go bankrupt 2 ways: slowly ; then all at once. Unless we change the fiscal path of the US we may be moving down the slowly path
Ryan says he will only do an immigration bill that Trump supports: he is ignoring the separation of powers ; undermining the People’s House
B/c Rs won’t do immigration, Congressional leadership is throwing huge deficit busting $$ at Congress to get votes to try to keep govt open
Absolutely right. And instead of using the millions of dollars on a PARADE, why not spend that money on veterans and veterans' services?? Seems pretty simple. 
Bipartisanship may be a dirty word in Washington, but not on my campaign. 
I got into this race early to talk about creating jobs and bringing the country together. The work starts now. 
As the former CEO of two publicly-traded companies, I know a little something about creating jobs. Check out my latest ad going on TV in Iowa today: 
On the floor watching enter her 8th hour reading heartfelt letters about Dreamers. Amazing to observe.
5 hours+  is as smart, tough, and passionate about social justice as they come! 
How is it that 90% of Americans agree we must protect DREAMers and the GOP won't even allow a vote? Because gerrymandering has distorted our representative democracy. That’s how 10 percent becomes more important than 90 percent. 
"If a Dream Act were brought to the floor, it would pass immediately, with strong bipartisan support."This is exactly what I’ve been saying. Almost 90% of Americans agree that we need to protect our DREAMers, but the GOP won’t even bring a vote to the floor. 
Citizens should choose their elected officials, not the other way around. Read my Op-Ed about how gerrymandering has led to our current impasse on DACA. 
Voter turnout is the 🔑  to Democratic victory! 
 "There is nothing more powerful than a group of citizens who get behind something" I say, let's use tech in scho…
“History has taught us that we are good at identifying work that will be disrupted, but not the jobs that will be created. That has to change.” 
 “The scientific evidence is clear and the data suggest that our children are, in fact, becoming addicted to technology. T…
“30% of kids who shared a news article online later found out it was false” speaking This is the reality we face— rapidly spreading misinformation impacting our children’s perception of truth. It will take all of us to reverse this problem.
 “What are the responsibilities and opportunities for all of us to raise good digital citizens?”  
Proud to join to speak on the  as the founder of the Congressional AI Caucus! 
Citizens should choose their elected officials, not the other way around. Read my Op-Ed in the about our  problem and how it's led to our current impasse on  
Does he really think the US Military needs a parade to impress people? Really? 
“I really do think people are tired of the partisanship.” Roxanna Moritz of Scott County Iowa. Couldn't agree more, Roxanna. Democrats have to fight to advance our values but to make progress we need to work together on bipartisan solutions. 
 New post: Hear John Delaney's early pitch to  Democrats  w/audio ; transcript from one of
Thanks, As you know, there is no substitute for doing the work. For me, that involves talking to voters about bipartisan solutions that can bring us together. 
  has a new TV ad out for Iowa called "Early." Compares his early run for president w/ Iowans getting up e…
"It's time to get talking." I couldn't agree more with the Iowans I met with this past weekend. I'm in the heartland so we can get to work early on healing our fractured nation. 
The one thing won't take credit for. 
The work starts now. My second TV ad is live in Iowa, let me know what you think. 
 Only 1,002 days until the 2020 election, so here's a campaign ad
  is already running two TV ads in Iowa. The second -- part of a $1mill buy, the first of the 2020 season --…
When our country is as fractured as it is right now, it's never too early to start working to bring it together. 
 Thanks, David. Hope you are well.
 This is a campaign ad airing tonight. For 2020.John Delaney, the Maryland congressman running for the Democratic nomina…
Our first TV spot airs today in Iowa during the  Tune in to hear why our campaign is making waves in the heartland. 
We are leaving an immoral debt burden to our kids and grandchildren. I have a plan to get this under control. 
Trump tax plan: Less revenues&gt;bigger deficits&gt;more debt&gt;inflation&gt;higher interest rates&gt;bigger deficits = unmanageable burden for our kids
Herein lies the danger of underfunding the CDC and NIH. Not only has the president been waging war with the scientific community, he refuses to give Congress a direction that will give us long-term funding. This is putting Americans at risk. 
Grateful to be back in the Hawkeye State this weekend. Speaking with Cedar County Democrats in Tipton, IA 🇺🇸 
Great turnout in Davenport! Can't wait to share more with Iowans this weekend. 
Are we really surprised? Trump is dead set on taking us back to the past instead of investing in the energy of the future. 
Check out the first ad of the 2020 presidential primary and help us spread "the word." 
It's  Grateful for all the black American heroes that have made and continue to make our nation stronger. 
Let's not forget we have more that unites us than divides us and we have to stop talking like half of Americans are wrong about everything they believe. It's time to elect a new generation of leaders that will bring us together and focus on the future. 
My thoughts are with the victims and their families in this awful crash. Grateful to hear my Republican colleagues and friends are doing okay. 
On the presidential campaign trail, I talk a lot about bipartisanship ; civility—words you don't hear a lot in Washington today. 
If President Trump spent as much time working on infrastructure as he spent giving the  maybe we would have a concrete plan for rebuilding America's roads and bridges.
Great speech by my friend and colleague You made us proud. 
Bipartisanship may be a dirty word in Washington, but not in my campaign. Check out my new ad. 
In the soundbooth today with and for a fantastic interview coming out soon. Looking forward to talking again soon 
Utahns and I have a lot in common: we're pragmatists that like to get things done. Democrats everywhere, no matter what race they're in, need to see every state as an opportunity to explain our message and vision for the future.  
Today marks the anniversary of Trump's Muslim ban. It also marks the day that citizens joined together to speak out against this racist policy. A year later, the fight isn't over. Because "refugee families don't tear America apart, they make us stronger." 
The sad thing is, I'm not surprised—America's infrastructure is already rated a D+. How can the GOP continue to deny funding to rebuild Puerto Rico's basic infrastructure? Real people are suffering daily because of their inaction.
The lifeblood of our democracy depends on an independent, truth-based press.
America has always been a beacon of democracy the world over. But every time the American president attacks the free press in front of assembled world leaders, we lose that standing little by little. 
We slid in the rankings because we're not preparing our country for the future. We can't expect to succeed if we're not putting policies in place that will give Americans the education and infrastructure they need to stay competitive in the global economy. 
The army of women who confronted Larry Nassar displayed such fortitude, discipline, ; bravery. Justice Rosemarie Aquilina made this trial about supporting ; amplifying the voices of survivors. This is only the beginning ; we must continue to hold everyone to the same standard. 
3/3 .giving Trump more money for more ICE agents, which could become a deportation squad.  Let’s be smart, not emotional, about our choices
2/3 ..I personally would rather the border security component be a wall/fencing we don’t need (a low value infrastructure project) than...
1/3 Before we dig in an say no wall funding we should focus on the fact that a Dreamers/DACA deal will likely be paired with border security
I’m pleased that Jay Powell was confirmed today as Fed Chair. He’s a very capable and truly decent person and will serve the country well.
Agree w Ds well positioned unless we act to “make voters in NY SF ; LA super happy while making TN IN ; MO super unhappy”
We want to remember the late Naomi Parker Fraley today, who was the inspiration for Rosie the Riveter. Every day, let us remember the women like Naomi who serve as positive, hard-working role models. 
Congress has an obligation to debate and agree on a new AUMF. Our on-going role in Syria requires it.  
I'm donating the salary I receive during the shutdown to Mercy Health Clinic in Gaithersburg, Maryland. 
This is the correct analysis. 
I’m fully supportive of the State of Maryland putting forth an aggressive package to get Amazon to set up HQ2 in Montgomery County.
Pre-Trump, Stephen Miller did communications for Sessions and Bachmann. That’s his only experience. And he’s setting US immigration policy?
Let’s do a 3 week CR today w/ commitment to vote on DACA ; reintroduce, debate, amend ; vote on 2013 “gang of eight” senate immigration bill
My plan to donate my congressional pay during the shutdown. 
When we went into recess this afternoon I slipped down to women’s march to join my youngest daughter. Headed back now to fight to open govt! 
The government has shutdown for two reasons. First, Rs have abandoned bipartisanship. Second, Rs have taken a hard right turn on immigration
 The government has shutdown for two reasons. First, Rs have abandoned bipartisanship. Second, Rs are taking a hard right turn on immigration
A very memorable event with incredible young thinkers. I can't wait to come back. 
President Trump is holding DREAMers hostage. He is trying to use them as a bargaining chip to fund the first phase of a wall we don’t need or want! Sign my petition and tell Trump we need a solution for DREAMers and we need one now. 
Donald Trump’s report card on foreign policy 
My tax reform plan would have used this $38 billion to build infrastructure. Instead, Republicans gave an even bigger tax cut for the wealthiest Americans. 
 to "The cost of doing nothing is not nothing."   
Instead of embracing the trends of the future and empowering our citizens, too many policymakers would rather roll back the clock. It's time to get to work ensuring AI is good for working people, good for businesses and good for our economy. 
I was wondering the same thing  
Further evidence that Kushner is a fool.  
 Updated: WATCH  interview with Democratic 2020 presidential candidate   
Great meeting young people passionate about the future of politics! 
Thank you to everyone in Exeter, Manchester, Concord and Hanover who joined us. See you again soon.
30 hours in New Hampshire: 11 stops, low of 3 degrees, high of 21, 346 miles on the rental car.  Too many cups of coffee. 
In a time full of anger and vitriol, I believe Martin Luther King Jr. would be proud to see everyday American citizens speaking up against hate in our world. Keep speaking up, it is our greatest weapon against injustice. 
How do we know that representative democracy is broken? Because a clean DACA bill would easily pass the US Congress yet it never gets a vote
"Minor missteps—a traffic violation or a workplace dispute—can turn lethal for unauthorized immigrants."When did compassion become a dirty word and the President's vulgar comments become the norm?
 Just in: Democratic presidential candidate to make 5th visit to  NH 1/14-15 with stops planned in Exeter, Han…
As a former CEO, if I heard an employee say any of these things they would be fired on the spot. Why is our president not held to the same standard as the rest of the country? 
 Congress should formally censure President Trump for his incredibly racist and vulgar remarks. What he said denigrates…
Second, what do we do to contain the damage, lift up those he’s attacking, and stop his damaging policies from happening. No distractions!
2/3. Two questions all Americans must ask and get to the bottom of. First, how did we let this happen (b/c we can’t let it happen again)?
1/3 Yesterday confirmed what most of us already knew, we have a President that does not represent our values as Americans.
2/2 let’s remember the suffering of Haiti today on anniversary of earthquake ; in light of the POTUS slur against the great people of Haiti
1/2 My daughter’s school has a partner school in Haiti, St. Etienne. We have all, for years, supported the amazing children in that country 
U.N. correctly calls Trump out for making racist slurs against other nations and their people. He doesn’t speak for our values. 
"Discovered" 
DACA should never be a bargaining chip. It's time we work on protecting Dreamers and enacting bipartisan, comprehensive immigration reform. 
Infrastructure is the backbone of our economy and I've been working across the aisle for years to rebuild it with $1 trillion in investment and 10 million new jobs. It's time we roll up our sleeves and make progress on infrastructure. 
Oprah's right—for those who are in extraordinary positions of power and have the ability to affect change, it's absolutely CRITICAL to use that voice for good. Afterall, the measure of a society is how it treats its most vulnerable members. 
This was a big missed opportunity for men to speak up against injustice. Harassment, assault, and mistreatment of women is a problem that impacts our entire society. It is incumbent that all of us use our voices to champion equality. 
The irony. We need criminal justice reform, not prisons banning books. 
How about $18 billion to fund CHIP, the children’s health insurance program that provides healthcare to poor kids that the Republicans are letting run out of money.
How about $18 billion for Puerto Rico to help an island where HALF of the US citizens on the island still don’t have power.
$18 Billion for the first phase of a wall we don’t need! This is an absurd waste of money. 
Michael Wolff says on Meet The Press that the 25th Amendment is mentioned every day in the White House. That’s where we are...
Threatening a preemptive nuclear strike is no way to keep us safe. Sign our petition if you want President Trump's finger off the nuclear button.  
The Trump Administration's decision to rescind the Cole Memo undermines the will of the voters in several states and creates unnecessary legal confusion. This is a mistake.   
WH strategy: Let Press run around with their hair on fire over Bannon while they quietly push full offshore drilling 
Dow 25k great but doesn’t help most Americans. New study: 85% of stocks owned by top 10% ; only 25% of people own more than $25k of stocks.
Correct. The U.S. posture should be to encourage these talks but to reserve any judgment until real progress is or is not made. We don’t need Trump waving his fingers over the “nuclear button." 
Well said. Also, hard to put pressure on China re North Korea when we hand them Asia on a silver platter, which is what tearing up TPP did. 
Mr. President, saying my bomb is bigger than yours isn't leadership. Threatening a preemptive nuclear strike is no way to keep us safe. 
To all those celebrating, we wish you a very Merry Christmas. May your holiday be filled with light and joy. 
Today we honor José Ortiz and Ethan Leder who worked together to charter planes full of medical and emergency supplies to Puerto Rico. Share this image with your friends and comment below who you think was a hero in 2017 using the hashtag  
Today we honor whose nonprofit, served over three million meals in Puerto Rico. Retweet this image and reply who you think was a hero in 2017 using the hashtag  
Today we honor Jennifer Maddox whose nonprofit Future Ties offers a safe space where children in Chicago can go after school to learn, grow and succeed. Share this image with your friends and comment below who you think was a hero in 2017 using the hashtag  
Today we honor Dr. Stephen Kimmel, who canoed through the flooded streets of Houston to perform emergency surgery on sixteen-year-old Jacob Terrazas. Share this image with your friends and comment below who you think was a hero in 2017 using the hashtag  
I'm pretty sure you can't consider fishing for compliments from Putin a national security strategy. The reason there's a huge difference between Trump's actions and his national security document is that he actually has no strategy. 
Today we honor Leigh Corfman, Wendy Miller, Debbie Gibson, Gloria Deason, Beverly Nelson, Tina Johnson, Gena Richardson, and Becky Gray. These brave women showed immense courage by stepping forward and letting the country know who Roy Moore really is.  
The House will pass sweeping tax cuts for the wealthy at the expense of America's working families today. Even though these are dark times, it's important to keep fighting. Elections matter and we need to turn out big in 2018 and 2020. 
Today we honor Jonathan Smith, who led 30 people to safety as gunfire rained down during the Las Vegas shooting. Jonathan was shot twice and may live with a bullet lodged in his neck. Retweet and comment below who you think was a hero in 2017 using the hashtag  
Improving America's infrastructure is an important topic to me, which is why I'm proud to have introduced The Partnership to Build America Act and Infrastructure 2.0 Act.
My thoughts are with the victims of this tragic accident. Even though this was a newly-minted track, more needs to be done to ensure the safety and reliability of American infrastructure. There's no reason why we're lagging behind on basic things. 
Creating jobs, huh. You’ve heard of the “bait and switch” - it’s not even passed and they went right to the switch.  
Today we honor who stood up to the Trump Administration when she blocked the Muslim ban as acting Attorney General. Retweet who you think was a hero in 2017 using the hashtag  
Our  series highlights Americans who went above and beyond this past year.
There are so many things wrong with this, but let’s just focus on one: Banning the term “evidence-based” is the perfect example of how the Trump administration just doesn’t care about facts or the truth.  
I am proud to have introduced The Discharge Student Loans In Bankruptcy Act, which would ensure that student loan debt won't be treated worse than any other form of debt. 
Student loan debt is dragging down economic growth and keeping the American Dream out of reach for far too many.
Senator Rubio is right. The voice of working families are not represented at the negotiating table on this bill ; good for him for saying it 
The FCC voted to completely gut internet regulations on  These regulations keep online information and services open to all consumers without special pricing or preferential bias. The FCC shouldn't let internet providers control what content makes it to you. 
It was all taken away from them and their families. The country did nothing in response and we should be ashamed of ourselves. 
The victims of Sandy Hook would be 11-12 years old if they were alive today. They'd be in their first year of middle school. They'd be attending their first school dance. They'd be using their first school locker. They'd have a lifetime of firsts yet to come.
"52 percent of voters support the rules that are in place, including 53 percent of Republicans and 55 percent of Democrats."With such bipartisan support, it makes no sense for the FCC to roll back these rules. We must preserve  
Open enrollment closes in 2 DAYS (Dec. 15). Make sure you sign up for healthcare today! 
Amazing that Trump thinks of all the things we need to do - infrastructure, EITC, etc - that cutting the top tax rate is a bigger priority
Happy Birthday to my good friend, colleague and GREAT Member of Congress
Jones won b/c he is decent, civil, ; has a life of accomplishment, not because he had some clever tweet or said some attention grabbing line
 Thank you ALABAMA!!
As we celebrate the amazing win by Doug Jones let’s keep in our thoughts the brave victims who came forth to tell the truth about Roy Moore
Jones wins! There is justice in the world. Thank you to the voters of Alabama for taking the high ground.
Who has committed all of the above?If you guessed Roy Moore, you already know this man should never be a U.S. Senator. It's time to get out the vote ; make sure Doug Jones wins. 
Who was accused of sexually assaulting teenage girls? 
Who said Muslims shouldn't hold elected office? 
Who said we should abolish a woman's right to vote? 
Let’s play name that candidate. Reply with who fits the question:
When America signed on to the Paris Climate Agreement it sent a message that solutions to climate change emerge when we work together. Rescinding our commitment is just one part of President Trump's effort to diminish America's leadership around the world. 
We’ve seen the consequences of apathy on election day. We’ve seen what happens when people decide to stay home. That’s why we need everyone to head to the polls today. If you are registered to vote in Alabama find your polling location here: 
A powerful story. I hope all Alabamans will stand up to Roy Moore's hateful rhetoric like Nathan Matthews. 
The only lightweight on this chain - substantively and morally - is POTUS. 
 Polls are open in Alabama! Find out where you vote at  and head to the polls before 7pm today. Go…
Bear Ears will shrink from 1.35 million acres to 201,876 acres. We should prioritize protecting our public lands. 
Thank you to all the first responders in New York. We rely on these brave men and women to keep us safe and to uphold the values of our great nation. 
Apparently, our president and some members of the Republican Party are okay with having a sexual predator in Congress -- the American people are not.
Alabamans have a choice between a respected Dem attorney and a GOP judge who has been accused of sexually assaulting teenage girls, not to mention was fired from his job for breaking the law and said no Muslim should hold elected office (clear violation of the 1st amend).
The special election for Alabama's Senate seat is this Tuesday.
We should move the DNC HQ out of DC and get it closer to the people. Party focus should be advancing new ideas ; making the case in the states/districts we need to win. Priority should be connecting w/ voters, not insiders. 
There's no reason, except political expediency, to punish DREAMers—they've done nothing wrong, they've substantially contributed to American businesses and communities, and they deserve our protection. 
"Today’s tax cuts have no bipartisan support. They have no intellectual grounding, no body of supporting evidence. They have no vision of the common good, except that Republican donors should get more money and Democratic donors should have less." 
April and I are sending our thoughts and prayers to the victims of these horrific Southern California fires. 
Senator Franken was right to resign. Every elected official should be held to the same standard regardless of their party. Republicans need to hold their leaders accountable also. 
76 years ago today, Japanese planes attacked the U.S. Naval Base at Pearl Harbor. Around 1,000 of the 1,177 fallen soldiers lie entombed in the U.S.S. Arizona Memorial, pictured here. Please join me in remembering the valiant men and women who proudly served their country. 
Democrats and Republicans agreed that we should come together to ban bump stocks and improve background checks. Instead, the NRA is using this as an excuse to push through a concealed carry law that will create a race to the bottom for safety standards. 
“The more you read, the more you go, ‘Holy crap, what’s this?'”- Former Treasury official for George W. BushAmericans on both sides of the aisle agree this is a bad bill being pushed through for the wrong reasons. 
We cannot run a campaign solely in opposition to Trump—we have to stand for solutions. That's what I discussed over a stack of pancakes and a cup of coffee with voters during my 5th trip to Iowa. 
No one is above the law, especially not the President of the United States. 
BREAKING: The House will vote in 5 mins to advance the Trump tax bill to conference. We have to keep fighting against this bad bill. 
Only the wealthiest 0.2% of Americans owe any estate tax. Repealing the estate tax will have the effect of locking in a dynastic form of wealth in the country, moving us further from being the land of opportunity. 
Glad to be meeting with remarkable voters like Jim Posz on the campaign trail. I'll keep traveling to the heartland to listen to your hopes and concerns for the future. 
Great weekend in Iowa 
 Eyeing 2020, Rep. John Delaney introduces himself to the QC  
 2020 will be here before you know it!  Presidential candidate U.S. Rep. John Delaney (D-Maryland) speaks to a few people at…
 And now to finish out the weekend with a little  in Ankeny tonight on a swing for his 2020 pres…
This is very consequential. Flynn wil testify that Trump and/or Trump team directed him to contact Russia. 
Right answer. 
It's dangerous and violates one of the most fundamental values of American society - the separation of church and state. 
If the Johnson Amendment is repealed, we will see religious organizations formed to take tax-deductible contributions and use the pulpit for political messaging.
As a practicing Catholic, I obviously care about religious freedom. But the Republican plan to repeal the Johnson Amendment has nothing to do with religious freedom. It is all about more money in politics to advance extreme ideology and provide a tax break along the way.
 Have a hood workout.
 How fix the debt or anyone else feels about nancy is irrelevant to me. I’ve done my own work and checked with experts on all sides of debate
 Means testing easy to do. SS is the largest ; most successful social insurance program in world. As a result there are many experts
 ...get out than it’s no longer social insurance and we will lose the broad support of the program. Each is a flawed slippery slope argument
 1/2 Not true. That’s the same argument people use who are against raising the cap. They say once you contribute more than you can ever...
 We’ve been indexing the retirement age and I would be ok with that continuing at some point in the future but only for wealthy Americans.
 As I’ve said from the beginning raising retirement age hurts poor people bc they’re life expectancy is going down in recent years.
 Better answer is to raise the cap to the amount needed to fix social security and then put an additional tax on wealthy people to fund pre-K
 They are wrong ; more interested in fighting than fixing. I have the only bipartisan proposal to actually strengthen social security.
 My policies accomplish important progressive goals with clear ; actionable strategies. My plans turn outta goals into reality, which we need
 Platform roll out 18. Lots of specifics in my congressional site including my clear leadership on infrastructure , climate ; universal pre-K
Instead of starting with “so ; so is really great” we should start by acknowledging that no one is irreplaceable. Changes the discussion 
April and I started Thanksgiving by serving a nice hot meal to 300 of our homeless brothers and sisters. 
 Love Tranquility.
Frying a turkey! (+2 others in the oven the traditional way) 
Table for 30 set! 
Morning thanksgiving hike on the beautiful C;O canal. 
 WEDNESDAY: Road to the White House -- Rep. (D-MD) ; Rep. (D-OH) at Kennedy Clinton Dinner in Hollis, New…
Tune in tonight! 
 Watching on at Friday's dinner.  
The scale of this effort puts into question how fair and fact based our judicial system will be for the next decade. 
This is not about politics; we must use our clout to end this blockade and get relief to those suffering.  
An Administration that has been largely silent on global human rights is also not opposed to child soldiers  
Kellyanne Conway is basically saying that cutting taxes is more important than safeguarding a girl’s childhood and innocence. 
 Let's get to the truth. Half of the country cannot be wrong about everything they believe in. The Democrats won in Virginia because we ran a campaign of civility and substance. That's the kind of leadership I will bring to the White House. 
 President Trump's tax "plan" is trying to solve a problem that existed 40 years ago. Instead, we should be doing tax reform that will grow our economy, by investing in education and infrastructure. 
We should be the party that brings civility back to politics. Thanks to for having me on today to talk about why I'm running for President in 2020. 
They’re not buying what he’s selling. Human capital, infrastructure, R;D,reg relief more important to Biz than taxes 
Budget Committee Chair doesn’t know what carried interest is! She thinks its interest expense.  Stop this tax bill! 
Here we go - tragically - again. At an elementary a school. Over 100 rounds fired.  
 Tickets are going fast! Grab your seat at the Kennedy-Clinton Dinner Celebration before it's too late! Hear
Catholic Bishops Call tax bill “unconscionable.”  Speaker Ryan? 
How bad is Roy Moore? McConnell willing to lose the Senate rather than have him be a Republican standard bearer 
Progressive taxation reduces income inequality ; it reduces inequality of opportunity b/c it funds programs needed to give poor kids a shot.
It is shocking how wrong he is. 
The 2012 republican nominee for President is right; Moore is entirely unfit for office and every Republican should turn their back on him. 
 Thanks for the response, truly.
 ?
Unmistakable lesson from the Va race: dems should run on civility ; competence ; we don’t have to talk about Trump all the time.
Trump lost Virginia as well. Is that because he didn’t embrace himself either? 
 ran a race on civility ; competence; not solely based on how bad Trump is. The results speak for themselves.
We must put a stop to partisan gerrymandering--it dilutes the voice of the American people and warps our democracy. 
 campaign was based on civility ; competence; it was not solely based on how bad Trump is. The results speak for themselves.
Dems sweep all three alderman seats in Nashua NH. Was so happy to meet and campaign for all three of these great young democrats in office.
Big wins tonight. Congrats to ; for running on policies that create an economy that works for all Americans
Congratulations   Big win and well deserved.
It's  Now more than ever, we need each and every one of you to head to the polls and make your voices heard. 
Another horrible tragedy - in a church. Will republicans in Congress continue to not even allow debate on common sense gun safety measures?
 Thanks to Congressman for kicking off our west side  canvass for  
Every vote counts! That's why I'm knocking doors in Manchester, New Hampshire for ; this weekend.  
If they were smarter they would realize this is a really dumb idea  
While I’m a big Yellen fan, Jay Powell is a very good choice for Fed Chair. He has similar views to Yellen, he’s smart ; of high integrity.
 made a good point when he said the divisions in our country are preventing us from dealing with terrorism
 Thrilled to be joined by three outstanding leaders, ; for Kennedy-Clinton on Nov 17th…
Utterly terrible tragedy. Our prayers for the innocent victims of this evil terror attack.  
Speaker Boehner calls it like it is. 
The first step towards getting to the truth starts today.  
Well said. We have yet to see any real courage from Republicans in Congress.  
Congratulations, Brett Wilson. He is a good public servant and was always easy to work with in Washington County.  
As I predicted, today Trump said he would absolutely consider cutting the ability of American workers to save with a 401(k) 
He also said NO one would lose healthcare ; then celebrated with House members after vote to take it away from 25mm people.  401(k)s at risk 
POTUS is turning the clock back in many ways - civil rights, climate, healthcare, progressive tax policy - and now the B52 Cold War approach 
Thanks, Ryan, for this ; for ur quality reporting.  Journalists like u know exactly what to do in today's difficult times - report the truth 
Is this the GOP tax plan: make it harder for Americans to save for retirement to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy? 
Back on the trail 
I guess Ryan ; WH not wired to do anything bipartisan. Healthcare is 1/6th of US economy, why work together???? 
POTUS thinks it's more important to start an irrelevant fight with insurance companies than to support millions of people needing healthcare 
And only a moron doesn't see how eliminating the estate tax would reduce philanthropic giving ; hurt charities  
A good story about Detroit. Things can change if someone invests.  
Using Gold Star families - who have made the ultimate sacrifice - as political pawns is not in the character of a true Commander in Chief
In his day, McCain could take down Trump in 10 seconds. Now that he's 81 ; fighting cancer, may take him 20 seconds 
I'm sure John McCain not too worried as he has seen a lot worse than what a guy born with silver spoon can dish out 
Leadership is getting things done for the American people on a bipartisan way.  
This trip to Iowa by the numbers: 24 events, 14 counties, 800+ miles, and countless great conversations.
Great to meet you and learn about your campaign ; commitment to making a difference. I look forward to listening to your radio show as well. 
He didn't open restaurant in Trump Hotel ; instead opens largest restaurant ever feeding people Trump won't support 
Thank you to for inviting us. It was great discussing the future of our party with fellow Democrats ; 
We are so under prepared for natural disasters. Unfair to our heroic first responders and terrible for our citizens 
Just left a great group of Dems in Jasper County Iowa and headed to Linn County for a meet and greet.
Trump missing the point. Problem with Iran is not nuclear deal, it's Iran establishing presence in Syria ; "road" from Iran to Israel border
This is what he threatened on the Paris Agreement. That didn't seem to work so well.  
POTUS is determined to destroy people's healthcare and cause human suffering as a result. Immoral.
  in Des Moines: "Hyper-partisan politics is dividing our country, our communities, it's even dividing our…
His ego is bruised and his response is to abandon US citizens dealing with a humanitarian crisis? 
Outrageous; he is challenging the First Amendment. This is a test for every member of Congress. Will they stand for the constitution? 
Shame on all the men who knew how out of control he was and did nothing. 
 If that's the rule the owners want to make
Yup, country is looking for a person to bring us together ; get things done.  That's why I'm running for President 
Players have the right to kneel, Pence has the right to leave. In the fullness of time, they may regret decision, but they have the right.
Republicans need to speak out and finally start putting country ahead of party  
Again, no more Presidents with no political experience.  
Democrats are only divided if we let ourselves be.  
Can we just all agree to never again elect a President who has never been an elected official.  Experience matters.  
There is a term for POTUS decision on contraception: "sex discrimination"
All kids have a right to healthcare. 
I doubt any major business or nonprofit ever asked Trump to be on their Board of Directors. Tillerson would never have done it at Exxon. 
On taxes ; the economy, we should listen to him as he's the greatest capital allocator and investor of our lifetime  
They were ranting fiscal hawks when Obama wanted to invest in the future, now when tax cuts for the rich drive deficits they could care less 
2/2 Rarely have so few people bent the will of the government away from the desires, best interest and safety of so many people.
1/2 Many common sense gun safety policies are overwhelmingly supported by the majority of Americans yet never gets acted on in Congress.
No excuses on this one - not ISIS ; more citizens armed wouldn't have stopped it. We don't have a protected right to bear all assault rifles
 I have taken action on issue of gun violence but choosing b/w praying ; comforting current victims and policy actions is false choice
I am praying for the victims and their families from this horrible and tragic shooting in Las Vegas. Details still emerging.
 Thxs, Narayan. A Gretzky frame, some journalists skate to where the puck is, some skate to where it's going. This piece is about where it is
It was great to be there and support Joyce. We did 2 hours of door knocking and had some great conversations. She will be a terrific Mayor. 
Thanks for having me! 
 VIP listeners can download our latest with presidential candidate right now. Regular listeners can get it…
My friend doing an amazing job in Puerto Rico. He's a great entrepreneur, patriot ; has a BIG heart 
On the way to speak to NH dems and stopped at Lull Farm Market for some goodies - maple syrup ; candy, cakes and pie! 
How can he say this with a straight face.  
Anyone paying attention to the Republican policies over the last ten years should not be surprised by this one bit.  
Same approach they took with debt ceiling extension ; then Pelosi took them to school ; they caved on everything.  
If infrastructure is not part of tax reform, then there is no plan for infrastructure. Tax reform is the only way to pay for infrastructure
People are suffering in Puerto Rico and POTUS is focused on eliminating estate tax, which impacts married estates over $11 million in assets
Trump tax plan is based on investing in the wealthy. My tax plan is based on investing in workers and communities.
He has no basis to make this claim. He may "hope" it will, but serious economic analysis suggests otherwise.  
It is wrong to analyze the estate tax just in terms of how much revenues it generates, what it really does is encourage charitable giving.
How can he say this when his plan eliminates estate tax?? Is he worth less than the current $11 million exclusion?? 
Bob Corker leaving the Senate and Roy Moore potentially joining the Senate would be a very bad trade for the American People.
We have to act. This is not about politics or Trump's response or lack thereof, it's about the people of Puerto Rico 
 I am pro everyone having healthcare, investing in communities ; people, making capitalism more just, infrastructure, dealing with climate
This is the perfect response to POTUS.  
We can agree this is a big problem ; I'm running for President to fix it.  
 John Delaney, the first declared democratic presidential candidate, is in Council Bluffs at Duncan's Cafe. 
  aren't viewed as the party of working folks anymore," says. "I don't know how we lost that."…
Thanks again for having me! A great weekend on the campaign trail. 
Albert the Bull - Audubon Iowa - Nuff said. 
Steve Kerr nailed it.   
Visiting in Omaha on way to Iowa with my good friend We need to get him back in Congress 2018. 
Quote "Other than white, straight, Christian men, it's hard to think of a group Trump hasn't offended or attacked"  
Great time last night speaking to Horry County Dems in S.C.  People excited about leadership that will restore faith in their government
Visiting my mom in NJ ; saw our neighbor Tony Calianese who every 4 yrs makes Italian table wine in garage w/ family 
 More lanes will create marginal demand, but zoning is the real controller of demand ; current awful traffic situation must be addressed
 I pray to both Jesus directly and to Him thru Saints. It's not a question of right and wrong, agree or disagrees, its about Faith.
 It is very important for me to have a relationship with Jesus, which is why I try to follow his teachings, including taking care of the poor
War hero John McCain is proving himself to be a healthcare hero as well.  
 Didn't say in Bible but some interpret 16:19 that way. I'm a devout catholic; we pray thru saints. Point is Jesus wants us to care for poor
Does she actually believe campus sexual assault is not a problem??  This is bad policy and shows misguided values.  
 St Peter is the first stop at the pearly gates. He has that book he checks....sizes up your life...was it lived well?
Helping the poor is central to Jesus' ministry. People who deny healthcare to them will have some explaining to do when they meet St. Peter
The only thing that everyone agrees on is that Graham-Cassidy hurts low income Americans by slashing funding for their healthcare. 
From the campaign trail in North Carolina. Thanks again for having me as your keynote. 
Thanks. We feel VERY fortunate to have John on the (growing) team. He is a superstar. 
Earthquake tragedy in Mexico + hurricane Maria hitting Caribbean + hurricanes Harvey and Irma. So much pain for so many in so short a time
Right answer. I look forward to discussing my carbon pricing legislation with Senator Graham.  
Can't wait--see you in Ames! 
 Meet John Delaney, the first Democrat candidate for US president in 2020
 Thx Gerrymandering bad no matter what party does it. New to politics, I didn't know how my district was drawn when I first looked at running
Well said. Capital gains rates should be the same as ordinary income. Everyone is investing today;additional incentives to invest not needed 
Great night speaking to over 350 fired up democrats in N.C. at the New Hanover County unity event. Thanks for having me as your keynote.
We can all agree on healthcare for kids. Being a parent is the ultimate life lesson ; should inspire us to do better 
2018/2020 strategy for democrats: talk to people about what they actually care about - jobs and pay - instead what we think they care about
Healthcare is about 3 things - access, cost ; quality. Any plan has to address all three ; I have a plan that does just that. Stay tuned
 I agree, "tech" is not the problem. In fact, it's enormously positive. But I still think we need to better understand issues around it.
This is terrible. Tech shouldn't make it easy to spread hate. Need a national discussion on AI and related issues.  
 Representative John Delaney keynote speaker, First Declared Candidate for the 2020 Presidential Campaign.The... 
Very happy to name Terry Lierman, former Chair of Maryland State Party and Chief of Staff to Steny Hoyer, as one of my campaign Co-Chairs!
I'm from NorthJersey; 16yrs ago in small towns like mine around NYC families were dealing with the unimaginable. God bless them 
What's wrong with politics in a nutshell: POTUS ; Dems cut a modest 3 month deal on must pass legislation ; GOP and Dem base voters upset.
It is not insensitive to talk climate change now, we must support victims of today's storms ; do things to mitigate the storms of the future
 Hope everything is ok.
90 Rs voted against Harvey/debt ceiling/gov funding. Terrible vote on the merits ; they just handed Pelosi/Schumer all leverage for December
Charlie Dent puts country ahead of party, which is what we need more of in politics these days.  
We must put a stop to partisan gerrymandering--it dilutes the voice of the American people and warps our democracy. 
 Here’s the (totally legal) way elections are being 'rigged' in the United States 
Reports from the Trump meeting yesterday indicate that Nancy Pelosi was masterful in out negotiating Munchin, Ryan, and McConnell
Great piece. 
Great letter by Tom Steyer.  
I support the rule of law. But let's not forget that across time people have hidden behind "the law" to do some bad things. Support dreamers
Why don't you simply reinstate the program NOW and save everyone, including dreamers, the drama. You made a bad decision, but you can fix it 
Larry Summers is right about how to think about tax policy. In my opinion, tax reform should be revenue neutral ; include infrastructure. 
 This was an Ad in a program at the labor bfast not a mail piece. I'm pretty sure the labor bfast printed its program with union printer.
Mr. President, your job was simple - don't ruin the lives of 800,000 innocent people. You failed to do that job with your DACA decision. 
Talk is cheap; every member of Congress argues for tax reform. We need a bipartisan plan that is deficit neutral ; fair to working Americans 
A cruel decision by a mean spirited man. We in Congress must save DACA.  
This approach hurts areas most in need of investment and rewards those areas already blessed with a strong economy.  
Smart piece. Regime change doesn't mean invading and war. 
Great piece and Ron is spot on. Workers deserve this protection.  
Answer is "No." Does Legalization of Undocumented Immigrants in US Encourage Unauthorized Immigration from Mexico?  
This drug was 15k when it was pulled from market in 2010. Now it cost 25k - a 7% rate of inflation. Unconscionable! 
The fact that POTUS is even considering eliminating DACA tells us where is heart is - in a dark place!
 Gerrymandering is insidious, says Md. Congressman he's proposing independent commissions:
 Why did Md. Congressman announce his presidential bid so early? "There are other people running; they just aren…
 Md. Congressman and Presidential candidate says the government has been doing nothing, and the cost is huge.
 Live video of our Politics Hour with and is on Send us your questions for the congressm…
This is what's wrong with politics. It's not republican or democrat money that builds projects. It's taxpayer money! 
Des Moines native Sarah said it all--compassion towards our neighbors is a deeply held American value. 
Guess the part about helping women in workforce was a joke.Don't cancel a program with a good goal w/o a replacement 
Looking forward to it! 
Great to meet you, Cole! 
Thanks for welcoming me! 
 Great to have talk with about why he's running for president in 2020!  
This campaign is about our collective future and how we can build it together. 
Proud to add my name to the famous door. Lots of great campaigns have started here. 
 AUDIO:  Today ; join the show. 
2/2 These would mitigate future large scale weather events. Instead, we will likely see tax cuts for the wealthy w/o any infrastructure.
1/2 We will soon see a tax plan that should have a pro growth carbon pricing plan or infrastructure program tied to repatriation.
Disagree,he should go. He's a reasonable guy working on tax plan that won't happen. Country doesn't need him to stay 
Well and truly said! The facts matter ; extending the duration of the summer break negatively affects educational outcomes. Well done Brooke 
2/2 Overtime, it will be much cheaper to mitigate climate change compared to providing relief to bigger and bigger storms.
Fed gov't should help regions devastated by storms but it should also take steps to mitigate climate change 1/2   
Can you imagine any other situation in recent years where a Secretary of State couldn't answer this question with a simple "yes" 
It's called climate change and its the reason storms keep getting bigger. Ask some "experts" on the topic. 
The Trump cabinet looking the other way on everything is a disgrace. Maybe if their kids tell them how they feel they might wake up. 
That sums it up. 
The General is right, we are a deeply divided nation in need of healing. But POTUS utterly incapable of doing it. 
While it's easy to get distracted by Trump's ridiculous words  ; actions, his policies are hurting working Americans 
Trump pardons Arpaio.  Setting the stage to pardon Flynn and Kushner?  Pardon himself?  He thinks he's above the law.
Our thoughts ; prayers to the residents of Texas enduring the terrible impact of Hurricane Harvey ; thanks, as always, to first responders.
 Bill, The attached sums this up well. Re the Lee statue, It's a recent addition constructed by a private citizen. 
Outrageous! Pardoning someone convicted of violating individual rights w/ racial profiling. This must be challenged 
I can't begin to express how much I enjoyed spending last week at the Iowa State Fair. Here's a quick recap of our week: 
Bad CEO: blames ; lashes out at people: Good CEO: takes responsibility, brings people together, sets a common goal.  
The men and women serving our country in uniform ; their families make a true sacrifice. For the rest of us, public service is a privilege.
Team Trump strikes again! So many important things to move forward on and science denying admin drives in reverse.  
 Colton, thanks for the comment. Hard to limit it geographically b/c the threats move, but a good discussion on scope and goals is needed
Re Afghanistan plan, it would help if Administration stopped decimating the State Department. We need both our military and our diplomats.
Afghanistan is longest conflict in US history. Americans ; our heroes deserve details from POTUS on strategy. We should debate a new AUMF.
Loved attending the fair as part of 2020 kickoff. Look forward to being back in Iowa in a few weeks. 
Watching  from Idaho with my family. 
 New Post: In Iowa last week, previewed his message for his 2020 presidential run  
Another dumb move by Trump. The US should be leading on climate change; instead Trump doesn't believe it's even happening. 
The problem, of course, Mr Munchin is that the President did in fact imply a moral equivalency. Watch the replay. 
This story does a good job summarizing how I am thinking about our 2020 race. 
Story from Des Moines register about our campaign for our collective future. 
Rex Tillerson may be ruining the State Department as an institution.  
Thanks to all who demanded Bannon leave WH but we should assume he will work with Trump from his new position.  
Anniversary hike in Idaho where we were married 28 years ago. 
 It was good getting to meet Congressman today - he's in Iowa doing prep work for his 2020 presidential ru…
At Day 2. The famous butter cow. Strikes me as a slippery character. 
At the 🌽 Iowa State Fair🌽 meeting with great people and talking about the future of our nation. 🇺🇸 
Warren Buffet appropriately says "it takes a lifetime to build your reputation and five minutes to lose it" 
The cost of doing nothing is not nothing. We are paying a big price by our failure to invest in infrastructure.  
On the skyline ride at Iowa state fair! 
 Just ran into at the  We've got some great Democrats in Iowa this week!  
Trump just disbanded business advisory council b/c so many CEOs quit. So much for his business skills and working with the private sector
Stan Fisher is right. We need some targeted small bank reg relief but otherwise we should be supporting the existing Dodd Frank framework. 
Very well and very truly said.  
Today Trump showed his true unscripted feelings.  People supporting him can't blame others around him. Today we got the "Real" Donald Trump
Does anyone other than President Trump and David Duke think "both sides" are to blame?
New survey says Americans support trade, as they should. If done right, it's good for economy ; foreign policy.  
Republicans were the party of Lincoln. Lincoln would likely not need a "mulligan" to properly address race relation in the U.S. in 2017.
Lots of Republicans speaking out against white supremacy, which is great, but they also need to speak out against Trump's failure to do so.
Why can't he condemn white supremacy? As he said in this old tweet, if he cant say the words... 
 Guess it's hard to disavow bigots and hate when they are amongst your key strategists.  
Trump attacks Sen Blumenthal and McConnell by name but won't condemn "white supremacists" or "alt-right."  He has no moral compass.
They don't understand what makes America special. Truly disappointing to see hate brazenly displayed.  
The cost of doing nothing is not nothing!  Administration has made zero progress on healthcare, tax reform, infrastructure. Need a new path.
Correct analysis.  
Ken, as long as we can agree that Tom Seaver was the best pitcher to wear a uniform of any New York team, ever. 
Great interview. - will send campaign button!
Take a listen to my thoughts on this episode of the political junkie. 
Thanks, Cheryl for this and for your own leadership. Infrastructure should be our top domestic priority! 
Country is looking for a unifying voice. Read about my plan to be that voice. 

It's complicated.  
Sums up our race.  
Media should NOT bait Trump re his redline comment in the context of NKorea statement. This is VERY serious and we need to be level headed.
Just did a Facebook Live on being "a different kind of democrat." Tune in to watch at  
Big win, proud to see important pick up.  All due to hard work on the ground. First of many to come. 
NKorea has a legal ; illegal (drugs, cyber robberies) economy ; uses illicit channels. Sanctions on all need to exist ; be enforced to work 
The goal with NKorea is an end to nuclear program, not a freeze. Broad international pressure that goes beyond UN sanctions is needed
New Forbes piece "Everybody gets billed" starts by saying "Trump is one of the least charitable billionaires in the world"  What a surprise!
By tearing up TPP ; Ivanka seeking China trademarks, Trump lost leverage on China re NKorea. Now he yells ; screams; we need a real plan.
Let's pray Trump has a better plan for North Korea than a fiery war on the Korean Peninsula.
Trump has no infrastructure plan ; Mnuchin basically admitted that. My plan is the only one to rebuild our country.  
Obama was right and Trump was wrong on TPP  
Obama was right about TPP.  Trump's decision sets us ; our farmers back ; gives other countries a huge opportunity  
To win in 2020 we have to talk to all voters ; convince them our vision is right for the country. To do that I went on Fox News w 
 Thanks, John, for the kind words. It means a lot coming from such a successful serial entrepreneur!  
UN North Korea sanctions very positive; they target the legal economy but also have to target "illicit" economy - drugs ; cyber robberies.
When Trump ripped up the TPP he handed the Asian economy to China ; threw a lot of our leverage with China over North Korea out the window.
Happy Birthday President Obama. We miss you!
Climate change makes this terrible situation so much worse. There is a role for US leadership. 
The commercialization of the White House Kushner style. 
John McCain understands that this is terrible policy. 
I founded the Artificial Intelligence Caucus in the Congress to talk about how innovation will change work and jobs. 
Addressing climate change will continue our march towards a new energy economy that will increase economic growth. 
A much needed protection since it feels like a Mueller firing is coming. 
Agree 100% José. Impossible to imagine US w/o immigrants; we are all immigrants in a sense. We would also not have worlds best chef - you! 
I believe that success means nothing if you don't use it to give back ; to lift up others--that's the difference between me ; Trump. WATCH: 
My bet is Trump fires Mueller. From his perspective, he has to. He either fires him or they discover damaging things about him ; his family
Mueller impanels grand jury; clearly becoming more serious and likely has the WH very concerned. We must prevent Trump from firing Mueller.
Trump doesn't understand the components of GDP growth. Good CEO: understands how to drive growth. Bad CEO: doesn't! 
He is. The irony of the situation is that the path to improved relations w/ Russia can never go thru Trump b/c he is not trusted on it. 
Thanks, Tris. 
Good words from one of the great entrepreneurs of our generation. 
It's  My campaign will focus on startups/entrepreneurs. I've launched several successful startups ; truly appreciate their value
China needs to do more. Trump's economic pullback from Asia weakens our ability to pressure them as does his family seeking China trademarks 
Twitter diplomacy is bad but China must do more.Trump economic pull back from Asia hurts US ability to pressure them 
Getting ready to go on FOX5 DC. 
Trump: "We will handle North Korea...It will be handled. We handle everything" - Lets pray this is handled better than "everything" else.
Good CEO: assembles a great team ; works to achieve goals. Bad CEO: picks terrible people, fires them 10 days later ; achieves nothing
Thanks, Andrei. Looking forward to a "future first" campaign! 
You're fired! Looks like the "Mooch" is out as communications director. Oh well.
The country is screaming at Washington to improve the ACA on a bipartisan basis. And do it NOW. When will Republicans listen??
Just heard a great line: "General Kelly working for Donald Trump is like George Bailey working for Henry Potter"
Watch my CNN interview to find out more about why I'm running for President. 
2 points. 7% of US in exchanges; ACA fixes should focus there. People like ACA; time to work together to improve it 
End to a great announcement weekend. Thx for the amazing support from so many ; thx to my team members and to my family. Onward and upward!
Thanks. My grandfather and I used to watch mets games together as a kid! 
Thanks, Larry. 
Thanks. Check out our website  Lots of volunteer opportunities. 
Yes, thanks Patrick. Reach out to  
Thanks, Christopher. 
My hometown paper covering the race. I used to read this paper as a kid.  
Thanks, Mirna. 
Thanks, Evan. Looking forward to rolling out very specific plans. 
Thanks, Miles! 
Thanks, ryan. I appreciate it and enjoy our discussions and appreciate all of the work you do for our veterans. 
Bad CEO: wastes money. Good CEO: operates within a budget.  Just another reason Obama was better than Trump. 
Thanks, Harry, for the story. As we all know, LOTS of people are "running" I'm just being honest about it. Feels like the right approach. 
I believe in the American Dream, because I've lived it. Grateful I'm running for President w/ my family by my side.  
You've probably heard the big news, that I'm running for President. Check out my Facebook live to learn why:  
Just finished a Facebook livestream where my American Dream began, my hometown in New Jersey. I hope you'll watch 
Tune in at  for my Facebook Live from my hometown of Wood-Ridge, New Jersey. Starting soon... 
Thanks, Patricia. 
Thanks, Natalie. 
Thanks, Chris. 
Thanks, Wayne 
Thanks, Anna. 
Thanks, tom. 
Thanks, Christy. And thank you for the AMAZING work you do for Johns Hopkins - one of MD and USA's great institutions. 
Coffee stop on the way to NJ for our Facebook Live from my hometown. Tune in @  
President Trump has shown himself to be an unsteady, self-centered leader. That’s why I’m running for President. 
Trump is a showman, not a businessman. We need a real business leader in the White House. 
When you see a bully, you don’t back down. It’s time to stand up to Donald Trump. Visit our new website ; join us 
We need to put progress back into politics and a Democrat back into the White House. Sign up to join Team Delaney! 
It's never convenient to stand up to injustice, but you do it anyway. That's why I'm running for President. Join me. 
Thanks, Garfield. 
Thanks, Craig. 
 Excited to hear that my friend is running for president! Looking fwd!
Thanks, David, for the support.  And thank you for your commitment to public service. 
Thanks, Tim, for your friendship. 
Thanks, Will. A campaign about the future obviously begins with kids. I look forward to engaging with more students on the trail! 
Thanks, Andrew. As you know, in business both strategy and execution really matter.  We need more of that in government! 
Big ideas is why I'm in the race so look forward to the discussion! 
Thanks for the support! 
Thanks, Chris, for this nice post! 
Thanks! Appreciate the kind comment 
Thanks, Kaylene! 
Thanks, Scott. I am proud to serve with you in the House. Let's keep working together on big ideas! 
thanks for your support! 
Thanks for your support Lauren.  I am proud to represent you. 
Thanks, Jim.  And thanks for stepping forward to do public service yourself! 
I'm running for President. Read why: 
Murkowski, Collins ; McCain deserve credit for putting people over party. To every American fighting to protect the ACA, your voice mattered
Congratulations to my friend David. He's an amazing steward of an important publication ; as fine a man as I know.  
Bipartisan solutions work - Rs and Ds worked together to stop ACA repeal! Now Rs and Ds do the smart thing - improve the ACA.  We can do it!
Again, John McCain is a hero. Last night he showed the courage to do right thing ; defeat ACA repeal.  Now we can work on bipartisan fixes.
