Still time to vote!  
 At the polls for carly 
Looking forward to debate this weekend in South Carolina. Let's use real criteria this time: if you've got a delegate, you've got a podium.
Just published upcoming Nevada schedule. Looking forward to Valentine's Day with  in the Silver State. 
This is the ad the political class ; media elites don’t want you to see. Join with me: 
Carly’s momentum SURGES faster than anyone else’s, in recent New Hampshire poll.  
  joins us TOMORROW!  
Do you think Washington and the media have rigged our election process, to make sure their candidates are chosen?
You would pay to see that fight. And that’s because you know I would win.  
I am strongly pro-life. Here is why:   
Why won’t any of my opponents at the  go after Hillary like this? 
We need a nominee who can throw those punches all day long:   
How are they going to debate Hillary if they can't debate me?   
Imagine: A Carly vs. Hillary debate.  
I hear a lot of infighting. Hillary is running and no one is prepared to take on Hillary.
I see now why they didn't want me on this stage. All talking points. No leadership.
We must tackle the addiction crisis:   
I will engage the citizens of this nation to solve our festering problems.   
Our most pressing national security challenge is radical Islamic terrorism:  
Our tax code is 73,000 pages. We have to simplify it so it's fair.   
I'm a conservative because I know every one of us has God-given gifts.  
If you doubted the game is rigged, look what’s going on in NH tonight:   
Thanks for supporting the fair debate the American people deserve, Governor!  
Check out this parody video about ABC’s rigged debate tonight—hilarious!
Thank you, Jack, for supporting a fair debate!  
If you doubted the game is rigged, consider what’s going to go on in NH on Saturday night.  
Game is rigged, but the people of NH know better. Thank you for fighting to take our country back!  
Our government is broken. Our politics are broken. It’s time to stand together and refuse to back down.  
It’s about you: the people of New Hampshire, who are about to vote on Tuesday.  
ABC and the RNC may keep me off their debate stage. But this isn’t about me.  
They don’t want your votes to count. They don’t want your voice to be heard.  
The game is being rigged against you--by the political class ; the media elites.  
The game is rigged: 
Thank you, Jennifer! The Granite State deserves a fair debate! 
Carly’s the candidate who will defeat Hillary and should be heard on Saturday.  if you agree.
 thanks for standing for the fair debate the American people deserve!
Thank you, Sen. Sasse! Honored to have you helping to make sure our voice is heard. 
Thanks, Speaker Gingrich—and thank you for helping give the American people the debate they deserve!  
Thank you, Governor, for standing up for a fair fight. Debates should be about the voters. 
 Tune in to 1pmET today. I'll be speaking live with 2016 GOP candidate 
BREAKING: Carly will be LIVE IN STUDIO for a full hour with 7-8am ET tomorrow.   
Thank you for always fighting for New Hampshire voters ; supporting a fair debate,  
ABC and the RNC are trying to keep Carly out of the  Sign the petition to help her fight:  
Thank you, Matt! 
Already turning the tide: media admits Carly’s right about the next debate. Send a message now: 
It's time to let the voters decide...not the media! 
Rousing reception here in Portsmouth. It’s great to be back in New Hampshire. 
Boarding our plane. See you soon, New Hampshire. Check our schedule here: 
 No doubt who they are caucusing for!    
Iowa, we want to know if you’re caucusing for Carly! Use  for 
Caucusing for Carly tonight in Iowa? Let us know using  for 
 "We do retail politics," says of her  campaign. The highlights:  
Check out my husband Frank on ABC News. It's great to have him here in Iowa with me! 
The crowds I've talked with this week have been great - shattering our goals and the capacity limits of our venues. 
Americans begin voting TOMORROW. Will you chip in $3 to help Carly dominate? 
 Very much standing room only for in Mason City.  
Frank's enjoying spending time with supporters at today's gun show at the Iowa State Fairgrounds! 
62% of Google users said Carly Fiorina won Thursday's debate. Do you agree? Let us know:  
 Hope you already have your coffee--too packed to move as Iowans hear from in Dubuque  
Was thinking of trading in  for this from the Vets' Club in Waukon, Iowa. What do you think? 
Voting starts in just 2 DAYS. Carly needs your help to win voters and shock the political class. Chip in $3 now: 
  on server scandal: “She’s going to have to be held accountable on a general election debate sta…
Newsflash, President Obama and Mrs. Clinton: Climate change is not our most pressing national security threat.
After last night’s debate win, Carly’s already surging. Voting begins in just 3 DAYS: chip in $3 to help Carly win. 
Stand with me. Fight with me. Vote for me.
Carly Fiorina tells voters why Hillary Clinton cannot be President of the United States.
It is ridiculous that Fox News would question the pro-life credentials of That is outrageous. 
Watch Carly destroy Hillary in 31 seconds. Chip in $3 to make Hillary face Carly this fall: 
Frank is my rock and I wouldn't be doing this without him.
Caucus for me, because I’ll force Hillary to run on her record, not identity politics:
My campaign offered to donate $2mm to veterans to debate I guess isn't only one he's afraid to face tonight.
Learn about my blueprint to rebuild our nation ; restore leadership to the Oval Office.  
Upping the ante, I'm free tomorrow at 8pm, My campaign will give $2mm to veterans' cause to debate at Drake U. (2/2)
My campaign will also donate $1.5 million to veterans' cause to join debate Saturday in Sioux City, (1/2)
Help us exceed expectations in the next 4 days. Please: chip in $3 right away. 
When America does not lead, the world is a more dangerous and tragic place. Join us: 
  campaigns in Waukee, IA – LIVE at 8:30pm ET on C-SPAN   
A critical piece of my blueprint is to repeal Obamacare and promote the free market in healthcare. 
Obamacare is failing. Here’s what we must do: 
 According to hostess, more actual Iowans in attendance tonight...doesn't count national media;)   
5 days left. Please, chip in $3 to help this campaign continue to build momentum: 
Joining Happening Now on Fox News shortly. Tune in around 1:35 p.m. ET!
 Quick stop at the K;G w in Colfax, IA  (maple bacon donuts!) 
Mrs. Clinton, this is what difference it makes.
Help us exceed expectations in the next 6 days. Please: chip in $3 right away. 
I’m joining on the air this evening. Tune in around 6:40 ET! 
It is clear that our education system isn't working for our students today.  
We have to remember who we are. Ours was intended to be a citizen government.
Only 7 days left before voting begins. Pitch in $3 to help me keep this campaign fighting: 
8 days left. Please, chip in $3 to help this campaign continue to build momentum: 
I'm speaking around 1:45 p.m. ET at the New Hampshire GOP's Tune in live! 
Only 9 days left before voting begins. Pitch in $3 to help me keep this campaign fighting: 
Citizens, fight with me. 
  is the tested leader that America needs. She will unlock the potential of this nation 
Make no mistake—this election will be a fight for the character of our nation.  
Who creates new jobs? Small business, new business, and family owned businesses.
Help us exceed expectations in the next 10 days. Please: chip in $3 right away. 
Watch our latest TV ad from Iowa:
The United States of America should be the global energy powerhouse of the 21st century.
The vitality of our economy is slowing down because of the crushing weight of government.
One year from today, Obama’s moving out of the White House. Will you help make sure Carly’s the one moving in? 
America starts voting in 11 days. Will you invest just $3 in this campaign—in this fight—right now? 
Some special guests took a break from the snow to join me on a walk through the Greater Des Moines Botanical Garden.
Admit it: You cannot wait to see me debate Hillary Clinton this fall.
The Employee Rights Act puts an end to coercive union tactics. So why haven’t we passed it? 
Who will fight for America’s workers? 
Only 12 days left before voting begins. Pitch in $3 to help me keep this campaign fighting: 
The Iran deal was a complete capitulation by President Obama. 
My plan to rebuild our nation and restore leadership to the Oval Office: 
13 days left. Please, chip in $3 to help this campaign continue to build momentum: 
Joining live on the air around 7:20 p.m. ET. Tune in! 
Carly destroys Hillary in 31 seconds.
 EXCLUSIVE: Carly Fiorina: ‘I am proudly pro-life and look forward to speaking at the March this week’ 
Get to know my husband, Frank:  
  at the Peppermill discussing her plans if elected. and I sat down with her.  
The truth is that Obamacare has not lived up to what we were promised. 
The Democrat debate tonight was a perfect example of a political class committed to growing government. 
This video shows the momentum the political class doesn't want you to see. 14 days until voting starts!
America starts voting in 14 days. Will you invest just $3 in this campaign—in this fight—right now? 
Iowans caucus first, in 15 days. I'm excited to head back tomorrow. Check out the news coverage from my last visit: 
You can't fix things if you aren't willing to take on the status quo.
Help us exceed expectations in the next 15 days. Please: chip in $3 right away. 
You cannot lead unless people trust you. Trust is central to leadership.
 Bad weather doesn't stop Derry voters or  full house     
 Who is that in the back right? Frank Fiorina in his rock band, The Aristocrats!   
Only 16 days left before voting begins. Pitch in $3 to help me keep this campaign fighting: 
Hillary Clinton has escaped prosecution more times than El Chapo.
17 days left. Please, chip in $3 to help this campaign continue to build momentum: 
Help me put America back in the leadership business. Chip in $3 now: 
I won’t sit down. I won’t shut up. You shouldn’t either. Fight back with me – pitch in $3: 
Obama would rather take away our gun rights than enforce our laws. Chip in $3 to fight back: 
Cheer on Carly in the debate right now—LIVE on Fox Business! Watch for free online at 
Carly’s leading the pack in a brand-new poll: 
Proud to have Ovide Lamontagne on our team in New Hampshire. Read why here:   
Cheer on Carly in tonight's debate. Watch at 6pm ET on Fox Business. 
Would it be ok if I keep the seat warm for you? 
America starts voting in 18 days. Will you invest just $3 in this campaign—in this fight—right now? 
This is worth thinking about.
I have a blueprint to take our country back. Learn more:   
 At editorial board, says she is offering a blueprint for citizen government.  
President Obama once again proved that he is a politician, not a leader. 
Help us exceed expectations in the next 19 days. Please: chip in $3 right away. 
For over thirty years, Frank has been the rock in my life. I’m proud to have his love and support on this journey. 
 Over 100 attending Town Hall ; Lunch w in Denison 
 "My name is Carly too. Can I be president some day?" "Yes, but would you mind if I keep the chair warm for you?" 
  will be in Des Moines Tuesday working to convince Iowans to caucus for her  
I am keenly aware that my story is only possible in this great nation.
 LIVE NOW: on  Listen here: 
Politicians want the American people to settle. I’m ready to fight for change. Will you join me?
Voting starts in 21 days and Carly's on the road for the final sprint in Iowa. Be on the lookout for  
 Meet the newest member of  -- the Carly Cruiser! 
We’re winning the fight to bring back a citizen government—and here’s why New Hampshire is so critical: 
Only 20 days left before voting begins. Pitch in $3 to help me keep this campaign fighting: 
21 days left. Please, chip in $3 to help this campaign continue to build momentum: 
This is the lie that Bernie Sanders tells and Hillary Clinton tells as well: ‘Progressive policies make it better.’
Caucus night is almost here—and Carly needs your help! Get our caucus night toolkit now: 
Check out our latest campaign ad—and make sure to retweet to your followers!
I’m excited to be back on the road in Iowa soon! 
Frank said to me once on a date I was even better than his 396 Chevelle. I knew it was love! 😍 
If bad behavior occurs and we do nothing in response, we get more bad behavior. 
More evidence of the momentum the political class doesn’t want you to see:
Under Barack Obama, we have not been leading. Under Hillary Clinton, we will not be leading. 
I'm looking forward to going On the Record with on Fox News tonight. Tune in between 7:00-8:00 p.m. ET!
We need a tested leader to restore American leadership in the world. Help Carly win: 
Liberal policies enrage me because they claim to care about people’s lives—but in reality, they destroy lives. 
 Our conversation with starts now! Tune in or listen online.    
Joining Sean Hannity on Fox News tonight around 10:40 p.m. ET. Hope you can watch.
Be the first to see this campaign’s latest ad for early-voting states:
I’m joining live on the air shortly. Listen live around 4:20 p.m. ET: 
Yeah, but can you rock these? 
When we don't stand with our allies nor confront our adversaries, our friends lose courage ; enemies press forward. 
We have not put North Korea back on the state sponsor of terrorism list – we should. 
We need a Commander in Chief strong enough and experienced enough to respond as necessary. 
I'm joining Jeff Angelo on to discuss North Korea shortly. Tune in around 10:08 a.m. ET! 
North Korea is yet another Hillary Clinton foreign policy failure. America cannot lead from behind. 
The best part of being on the campaign trail is meeting those who have sacrificed so much to keep our nation safe. 
This is a battle that we must fight. There are things that we can and must do. 
I’m speaking shortly at today’s forum at Watch live here: 
Another lawless, unconstitutional overreach. The 2nd Amendment is an individual right. Mr. President, how about enforcing the laws we have?
I look forward to discussing these important issues at at 
Donald Trump reminds me of the Kim Kardashian of politics. They’re both famous for being famous — and the media plays along.
President Obama has been lawless in his use of executive orders.
I’m here in New Hampshire—and I’m starting 2016 off strong! 
ISIS has become stronger. They are, indeed, not contained.
Excited to welcome Ovide Lamontagne to the team in New Hampshire as state chairman!  
Love my alma mater, but rooting for a Hawkeyes win today. 
  "All our problems can be solved. All our wounds can be healed. We need to take our country back." 
I'm joining Fox News around 10:15 ET tonight. Tune in and happy New Year!
 What do you think was best moment of 2015? Here are our picks:   htt…
Will you help Carly before the FEC’s quarterly fundraising deadline, on 12/31? Chip in $3: 
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama are responsible for the growth of ISIS.
Carly’s building the best ground game in the states like NH, IA, and SC. Chip in $3 to help her win: 
Will you help Carly before the FEC’s quarterly fundraising deadline, on 12/31? Chip in $3: 
Attacking Bill Clinton is fair game, but it's not enough.
Carly’s building the best ground game in the states like NH, IA, and SC. Chip in $3 to help her win: 
Will you help Carly before the FEC’s quarterly fundraising deadline, on 12/31? Chip in $3: 
I wanted to take a moment to wish you all a Merry Christmas. 
Carly’s building the best ground game in the states like NH, IA, and SC. Chip in $3 to help her win: 
Do you know some of the most ridiculous things top Democrats have said? Test your knowledge now: 
Happy Festivus,  
These attacks have everything to do with their ideology and hatred of America. Hillary doesn't understand that. 
We need a different kind of leadership now. It’s time we take our country back. 
I will bring conservative policies to the White House to take our government back. 
I enjoyed a good discussion of the issues w/Hugh Hewitt yesterday. Here are some of my answers about the kind of leadership America needs.
Hillary does not have a strategy. She does not understand the nature of the threat.
Will you help Carly before the FEC’s quarterly fundraising deadline, on 12/31? Chip in $3: 
The Clinton Way: Say what you have to say to get elected. Lie as long as you can get away with it.
I'm looking forward to catching up with tonight. Tune in at 6:20 p.m. ET! 
Carly’s building the best ground game in the states like NH, IA, and SC. Chip in $3 to help her win: 
For over thirty years, Frank has been the rock in my life.
These pivotal times require something other than just a politician.
Enjoyed joining Fox News Sunday today. You can watch the full interview here: 
 we are not where we need to be in the fight against ISIS.
Q: What do you offer that career politicians can’t? Get more answers at 
Carly’s building the best ground game in the states like NH, IA, and SC. Chip in $3 to help her win: 
 An overflow crowd in Burlington to hear this morning. No snow this time 
Don't worry, little miss. He passed! 
President Obama and Hillary Clinton have refused to see what is in front of them when it comes to cybersecurity. 
Q: What are you seeing out on the campaign trail? Get more answers at 
Q: What will you do about the lack of cybersecurity in government? Get more answers at 
Q: How will you unify our party and defeat Hillary? Get more answers at 
Q: Will you propose an updated version of the Patriot Act?Get more answers at 
Q: What do you offer that career politicians can’t? Get more answers at 
China won’t listen to us until we make them listen. Chip in $3 to make that happen: 
Hillary ; Obama caused the rise of ISIS. Invest $3 with me to take our country back: 
“If you want something done, ask a woman.” —Thatcher. Chip in $3 to elect a leader: 
Washington’s incompetence puts us all in danger. Chip in $3 to help me fix government: 
Government solves yesterday’s problems. Let’s solve tomorrow’s problems. Pitch in $3 now: 
My whole life, I’ve refused to take no for an answer. Let’s get things done. Chip in $3: 
A feminist is a woman who lives the life she chooses.
The character of our nation is threatened, and the world is becoming a dangerous place because we're not leading. 
6 things we must do to take our country back.
Cheer Carly on in the Republican debate TONIGHT at 8:30 pm ET on CNN. 
Isn't this who you want to win the debate tomorrow night? Chip in $3 to have Carly’s back: 
Cheer Carly on in Tuesday’s Republican debate. Watch tomorrow at 8:30 pm ET on CNN. 
Q: What do we need to do to protect our homeland? Get more answers at 
 Join ; for a webcast Monday  
Carly needs your help to fight party bosses and get on the ballot. Chip in $3: 
Let’s bring real leadership back to the White House in 2016. 
Q: Why can't the government protect our personal information? Get more answers at 
Q: What is your foreign policy experience? Get more answers at 
Do you know what the party bosses are doing to rig the game? Test your knowledge now: 
I'm joining Hannity tonight on Fox News. Show starts at 10:00 ET. Hope you can watch!
Presidential leadership isn’t about rabble-rousing. It’s about having a plan to keep our nation safe.
 Share your solutions to fix our health care system at   
Political bosses are trying to keep us off the ballot. Here’s what I'm doing to fight back: 
Conservatives, not party bosses, should pick our nominee. Pitch in just $3 to get Carly on the ballot. 
Q: How do we stop terrorist attacks on U.S. soil? Get more answers at 
Q: What would you do about the ISIS command center in Syria? Get more answers at 
Conservatives, not party bosses, should pick our nominee. Pitch in just $3 to get Carly on the ballot. 
Donald Trump is Hillary Clinton’s Christmas gift wrapped up under a tree. I am the lump of coal in her stocking.
Happy Hanukkah and Chag Sameach to all who are celebrating the Festival of Lights. 
Miss  last week? Watch her full Q;A here: 
 Carly hugging Jade after her ultrasound during tour at the Cradle of Hope pregnancy center here in Iowa. 
Our most pressing national security threat is radical, Islamist terrorism around the world and here at home.
What I would do to defeat ISIS:
Vintage Obama: No strategy, no leadership. Politics as usual.
If you want to change the status quo, then you need a plan. Learn more about my blueprint to take our country back. 
Q: What do you want to accomplish in your first term as president? Get more answers at 
Voters should pick our nominee, not party bosses. Chip in $3 to get Carly on the ballot: 
Last night, I announced my blueprint for tackling the problems that face our nation. Find out more: 
Mer from Periscope: “How can we help your campaign?”  
Sas from Twitter: “What did you learn from your life's most challenging moments?”  
Christopher from Twitter: “How would you convince Congress to change the tax code?”  
Edward from Answers: “Are you pro-life?”  
Andrea from Facebook: “How will you support women and decrease the wage gap?”  
Jennifer from Answers: “How will you improve our relationship with Israel?”  
Amy from Facebook: “How would you clean up the corruption of both parties in Washington?”  
We talk about getting Carly on the ballot--despite the political class’s shady tactics.  
Alicia from Twitter: “How is the political class hurting outsider candidates?”  
Will from Periscope asks: "What would you do about the job-crushing regulations the Obama admin. has put in place?"  
Roz from Periscope: “How will you revamp public school education?”  
Thanks for joining me live tonight, and thanks for all of your questions!  
Steven from Answers : “Can you explain zero-based budgeting and how it’ll help?”  
Karen from Facebook: “Why do sanctuary cities exists? Can’t we force them to comply with laws?”  
John from Answers: “What is your position on the Keystone Pipeline?”  
We ask Carly’s husband Frank: “What’s your favorite part about being on the campaign trail?”   
Happy Birthday to my husband, Frank!  
Susan from Facebook: “What kind of justices would you nominate to the Supreme Court?”  
RbdgSqg from Periscope: “What will you do about the lack of cybersecurity in our government?”  
Marion from Answers: “What would you do to stop ISIS?”  
Tamara from Answers: “What is your plan for dealing with the deficit?”  
Steven from FB: “If you are nominated, how will you unify a fractured GOP ; defeat Hillary Clinton?”  
Karen from Periscope: “What is your greatest strength that would make you an effective President?”  
Judy from Facebook: “Would you completely repeal ObamaCare?”  
Carly announces her “Blueprint to Take Our Country Back” on   
Sas from Twitter: “Why do you think it’s important we repeal Dodd-Frank?”  
 Will you be as transparent in the White House as you’ve been during the campaign?  
Diane from Facebook: “Do you agree with Hillary that the VA scandal isn’t all that bad?”  
Matt from Twitter: “What will you do about the college debt crisis?”  
Matthew from Facebook: “How has the establishment failed conservatives and how would you be different?”  
Thanks for joining me tonight! We’re streaming live now.  
Questions for Carly? She’s LIVE RIGHT NOW. Watch now at   
LIVE on  Carly answers YOUR questions directly. 
 wants to know how I'll tackle student loan debt.  
 asks why I support zero-based budgeting. Here's why:  
 asks if using technology will be an important part of my administration. Here's my answer:  
I'm at and about to answer some of your questions! 
Tweet me your questions! I'll be LIVE on Twitter, tonight at 8pm ET, to answer your questions.  
Questions for Carly? RSVP to join her live online event tonight 8pm ET.  
Tweet me your questions! I'll be LIVE on Twitter, tonight at 8pm ET, to answer your questions.  
Tweet me your questions! I'll be LIVE on Twitter, tomorrow night at 8pm ET, to answer your questions.  
Tonight around 9:20 ET I'm joining Megyn Kelly on Fox News. Hope you'll tune in!
Questions for Carly? RSVP now to join her live tomorrow night at 8pm ET.  
Tweet me your questions! I'll be LIVE on Twitter, December 2 at 8pm ET, to answer your questions.  
Tweet me your questions! I'll be LIVE on Twitter, December 2 at 8pm ET, to answer your questions.  
Questions for Carly? RSVP now to join her live online on Dec. 2 at 8pm ET:  
Q: Why do we need to move to a 3-page tax code?Get more answers at 
Join me Wed. at 8pm ET for a video Q;A broadcast live on social media ; hosted by in NYC. RSVP:  
Tweet me your questions! I'll be LIVE on Twitter, December 2 at 8pm ET, to answer your questions.  
Want to see Carly live? Follow her on Periscope: 
Questions for Carly? RSVP now to join her live online on Dec. 2 at 8pm ET: 
Questions for Carly? RSVP now to join her live online on Dec. 2 at 8pm ET:  
Questions for Carly? RSVP now to join her live online on Dec. 2 at 8pm ET: 
Want to see Carly live? Follow her Periscope:  

Q: How would you respond to President Obama's deal with Iran? Get more answers at 
Q: Do you find Obama's comments about Republicans objectionable? Get more answers at 
Coming up shortly on Fox News with Sean Hannity!
We need a President who will see and speak and act on the truth. 
Tonight I’m joining Sean Hannity between 10:00-11:00 p.m. ET on Fox News. Tune in!
Q: How does political correctness harm political discourse? Get more answers at 
I will make sure that we have the strongest military on the face of the planet and that everyone knows it. 
Q: What is the greatest moral threat facing the United States? Get more answers at 
They are at war with us and all we represent. And so we must wage this war and we must win. 
This is a war we must wage and win: 
Conservatives, not party bosses, should pick our nominee. Pitch in just $3 to get Carly on the ballot. 
 Strong, conservative women don't need an excuse to drink beer. In.
Conservatives, not party bosses, should pick our nominee. Pitch in just $3 to get Carly on the ballot. 
Marian wrote into  to ask what I would do to fight ISIS. Here’s my answer:
Kip from Oregon wrote into  and asked why I want to be President. Here’s why:
President Obama is speaking in a way that is beneath his office. He is a politician, not a leader.
We have more IRS agents than FBI and CIA. Does that strike you as a misallocation of resources?
Q: What has President Obama done wrong in the Middle East? Get more answers at 
This morning I’m joining America’s Newsroom on Fox News around 9:20 a.m. ET. Hope you can watch!
Tonight I'm joining Megyn Kelly on Fox News. Tune in around 9:20 p.m. ET!
Party bosses want to keep us off the ballot. If you think 2016 should be a choice, not a coronation, pitch in $3. 
Q: What do you see when you look around the world today? Get more answers at 
Party bosses want to keep us off the ballot. Pitch in $3 to help me beat them at their own game. 
Q: What American values would guide you as President? Get more answers at 
Q: What will you do about ISIS? Get more answers at 
No, Mrs. Clinton, no, President Obama: climate change is not our most pressing national security challenge.
We need a President who will see and speak and act on the truth...Hillary Clinton will not call this Islamic terrorism. I will.
Like all of you, I am angry. I am heartsick and heartbroken at the carnage in Paris. 
I mourn with you. I pray with you. I stand with you. America must lead in the world. We must wage ; win this fight against Islamic terrorism
Q: Why do we need a leader from outside of the political class? Get more answers at 
Tonight I'm joining on Fox News. Hope you can tune in!
Donald, sorry, I've got to interrupt again. 
It's time to take our government back. 
Q: Are voters ready for someone from outside the political class? Get more answers at 
Thank you to all our veterans for your service and sacrifice.
Carly can beat Hillary Clinton. Pitch in $3 to make that happen. 
ObamaCare crushes families. Pitch in $3 to help Carly fight for free market solutions. 
I will get America back in the leadership business. 
ObamaCare crushes families. Pitch in $3 to help Carly fight for free market solutions. 
Our problems won’t be solved just by replacing a D with an R. Chip in $3 to elect Carly. 
I am a cancer survivor. As President, I will repeal Obamacare and ensure quality, affordable healthcare for all. 
The political class responds to pressure, and together, we will take back our government. 
I will shrink the size of the federal government. Here’s how: 
As President, I will sign the REINS Act. Here’s why: 
I support zero-based budgeting. Here’s why: 
Want to see what a 3-pg tax code could look like? 
Q: What is the impact of our big government on everyday Americans? Get more answers at 
Q: What is at stake during this election? Get more answers at 
Cheer Carly on in the Republican presidential debate. Watch TONIGHT at 9pm ET on Fox Business. 
Q: What is your reaction to the November jobs report?Get more answers at 
What makes a true leader?
Ready to cheer Carly on in the next debate? Watch on Fox Business or  tomorrow at 9pm ET. 
Q: Why is it so hard to enact real change in Washington? Get more answers at 
Q: Would you have approved the Keystone XL Pipeline? Get more answers at  .
My interview with Meet the Press airs tomorrow on NBC. Check your local listings and tune in!
Q: How will you contrast yourself with Hillary Clinton? Get more answers at 
I'm joining The Kelly File tonight on Fox News. Hope you'll watch between 9:00-10:00 ET!
Q: Would you have approved the Keystone XL Pipeline? Get more answers at 
Q: How will you simplify the tax code?Get more answers at 
Tonight I'm joining on Fox News. Hope you can tune in!  
Q: How will you secure the border?Get more answers at 
Q: How will you simplify the tax code?Get more answers at 
Thankful to have so many supporters welcome me as I filed for the New Hampshire primary today! 
 Carly Fiorina files for the NH primary. Says "let's take our government back!"   
Q: How do you define feminism?Get more answers at 
Q: How would you address Russia's entrance into the Syrian crisis?Get more answers at 
Q: How has your experience prepared you to be President?Get more answers at 
Want to be my personal guest at Tuesday’s presidential debate? Enter now: 
The liberal women of The View attacked my looks and smile. Here’s my response: 
Q: What do you think about Obama's plan to send 50 special forces operators into Syria?
If liberals want a debate, let’s debate the issues—without personal attacks and name-calling.
Flashback to the last time I was on The View. It’s even more true today:
How heavy is our bag? Make your guess, win my flag pin: 
Q: What are you going to do to reduce our national debt? Get more answers at 
I'm with What do you say, Let's have a conservative network host a debate! 
If liberals want a debate, let’s debate the issues—without personal attacks and name-calling.
I’ll debate any one, any time, any place. And how about letting some conservative networks host debates as well? Cc:
I'm coming up shortly on Fox ; Friends. Tune into Fox News if you can! 
Halloween just wouldn't be the same without Reese's, Snickers, and Max. 
I'm joining This Week on ABC this morning. I hope you'll check your local listings and watch!
I'm joining Fox News Sunday tomorrow morning. Check your local listings and tune in! 
 Happy Halloween from  on the road in Iowa w her fav treat!  
Recently, the AP introduced you to my “body person” – the best in the business. Here’s what that actually means:
 Welcome to the Beehive State,  
Q: How do we grow the economy? Get more answers at 
Hillary Clinton's policies are demonstrably bad for women. 
Q: Why zero-based budgeting? Get more answers at 
Q: Should Washington step in to regulate small businesses?See Carly’s answer from last night’s debate:
 We shld crowd-fund a debate betw HRC ; Raise a million bucks and give it away to charity. I’m in for $100. Who…
Q: How should we reform entitlements like Social Security and Medicare? See Carly’s answer from last night’s debate:
Hillary Clinton's policies are demonstrably bad for women. 
Q: Should Washington step in to regulate small businesses?See Carly’s answer from last night’s debate:
This morning I'm joining on CNN, ; on MSNBC. Hope you can tune in!
Hillary’s policies are bad for women ; America. Chip in $3 to get Carly in the White House. 
In your heart of hearts, you cannot wait to see a debate between Hillary and Carly. 
It’s time for a leader who will fight for regular Americans. 
We need a leader in Washington who knows how to get something done. I am that leader. 
Q: What is your greatest weakness? 
Politicians talk about tax reform, but do nothing. 
We need a leader who can take on an entrenched political class. I am that leader. 
Carly’s taking on the political class tonight. Are you with her? Chip in $3 to keep up the momentum. 
Q: What are 3 differences between you and Hillary Clinton? Get more answers at the debate tonight at 8pm ET on CNBC.
Q: What will you do about the IRS and the tax code? Get more answers at the debate tonight at 8pm ET on CNBC.
Q: What is "zero based budgeting"? Get more answers at the debate tonight at 8pm ET on CNBC.
Don't miss Carly TONIGHT in the  at 8 p.m. ET. 
Q: What are 3 differences between you and Hillary Clinton? Get more answers at the debate tonight at 8pm ET on CNBC.
Don't miss Carly TONIGHT in the  at 8 p.m. ET. 
Q: How do we stop big government from inhibiting innovation?Get more answers at 
Hillary claims we’re better off with a Democrat in the White House. Carly's op-ed explains why that isn't the case: 
Hillary claims, "the economy does better when you have a Democrat.” But whose economy is she talking about? 
Q: What do you think about term limits for Congress? Get more answers at 
Q: How can we pray for you and your family? Get more answers at 
Q: How does your faith guide you? Get more answers at 
Q: What's your position on the Second Amendment? Get more answers at 
I'm looking forward to talking with shortly. You can listen live here: 
Q: What's your position on the Second Amendment? Get more answers at 
Q: Are Republicans waging a "war on women"? Get more answers at 
Q: How has your experience prepared you to be President? Get more answers at 
I'm joining this morning. Hope you can tune in! 
How would I debate Hillary Clinton?
Q: How has your experience prepared you to be President? Get more answers at 
This is the 'Clinton Way.' She cannot be president.
Recently, the AP introduced you to my “body person” – the best in the business. Here’s what that actually means:
Q: What is the worst part about running for president?Get more answers at 
We're flying one lucky winner to the next debate. Enter to win: 
Q: What is the worst part about running for president?Get more answers at 
Q: How did you come to believe in the sanctity of life? Get more answers at 
Q: Hillary says being a woman makes her an outsider. How do you respond? Get more answers at 
Q: How did you come to believe in the sanctity of life? Get more answers at 
One of the best things about campaigning is getting to meet you! This was in Grinnell, Iowa:
Q: Hillary says being a woman makes her an outsider. How do you respond? Get more answers at 
We're going to fly one of you out to be my personal guest at the next debate! Enter to win: 
Q: How did you come to believe in the sanctity of life? Get more answers at 
We're flying one lucky winner to the next debate. Enter to win: 
We're flying one lucky winner to the next debate. Enter to win: 
We're flying one lucky winner to the next debate. Enter to win: 
Carly will be on the next debate stage! Enter to win a VIP trip as her special guest: 
Carly will be on the next debate stage! Enter to win a VIP trip as her special guest: 
They’re finally here! ​Claim your official Carly For President sticker now with a donation of $5 or more: 
They’re finally here! ​Get your official Carly For President sticker while supplies last: 
Q: What is the best advice you ever received from your parents?Get more answers at 
They’re finally here! ​Get your official Carly For President sticker with a donation of $5 or more: 
Q: Why are you so critical of the political class?Get more answers at 
They’re finally here! ​Get your official Carly For President sticker while supplies last: 
Are you ready to beat Hillary? ​​​Get​​​ your official Ready To Beat Hillary sticker with a donation of $5 or more: 
Q: Why are you so critical of the political class?Get more answers at 
Are you ready to beat Hillary? ​​​Get​​ your official Ready To Beat Hillary sticker with a donation of $5 or more: 
They’re finally here! ​Get your official Carly For President sticker with a donation of $5 or more: 
Q: Do you support the Keystone Pipeline? Get more answers at 
Are you ready to beat Hillary? ​​​Get​​​ your official Ready To Beat Hillary sticker with a donation of $5 or more: 
Q: Do you support the Keystone Pipeline?Get more answers at 
They’re finally here! ​Get your official Carly For President sticker with a donation of $5 or more: 
They’re finally here! ​Get your official Carly For President sticker while supplies last: 
Q: What is the difference between business and politics?Get more answers at 
They’re finally here! ​Claim your official Carly For President sticker now with a donation of $5 or more: 
They’re finally here! ​Get your official Carly For President sticker with a donation of $5 or more: 
Q: What is the difference between business and politics? Get more answers at 
They’re finally here! ​Get your official Carly For President sticker while supplies last: 
Q: Is your foreign policy record stronger than Hillary Clinton's? Get more answers at 
Q: Is your foreign policy record stronger than Hillary Clinton's? Get more answers at 
Q: What does the U.S. need to do to stand up to Putin in Syria? Get more answers at 
A new poll has Carly leading Hillary by 8 points in NH! Carly's ready to beat Hillary, are you?  
Q: What does the U.S. need to do to stand up to Putin in Syria? Get more answers at 
A new poll has Carly leading Hillary by 8 points in NH! Carly's ready to beat Hillary, are you? 
Q: Why is it so important to turn the fed. gov't into a meritocracy? Get more answers at 
CARLY for America provides a look into Carly’s life and the events that shaped her. Watch it free at 
Q: Why is it so important to turn the fed. gov't into a meritocracy? Get more answers at 
Congratulations to Mayor on your re-election in Franklin, NH yesterday!  
CARLY for America provides a look into Carly’s life and the events that shaped her. Watch it free at 
Q: Why is it so important to turn the fed. gov. into a meritocracy?Get more answers at 
Q: What do you think about the status of women in America today? Get more answers at 
It's time to stand up to the political class and change a broken system. Will you join us?  
Q: What do you think about the status of women in America today? Get more answers at 
If you live and vote in Franklin, New Hampshire I encourage you to vote for Mayor today!  
Q: What do you think about the status of women in America today? Get more answers at 
Hope you can join me and tonight on Tune in at 9:30 p.m. ET. 
How do we get our economy growing again?Get more answers at  
Carly is ready to beat Hillary! A new poll has Carly beating Hillary by 14 points in Iowa.  
Q: What is wrong with the Left's definition of feminism?Get more answers at  
How do we get our economy growing again?Get more answers at  
My dog Snickers was made famous on but Max was feeling left out.
In the toughest passages come blessings, if we are open to receive them.  
We need a president who will unlock the potential of this nation. 
Q: How would you respond to Russia's airstrikes in Syria?Get more answers at  
This country is the only place where an individual's rights and potential are sacrosanct. 
Why do you want to be President?Get more answers at  
Carly is surging in the polls and her message is resonating. Help us keep up the momentum! Chip in $3. 
My interview with is airing shortly. Tune into if you can! 
Carly’s surging in the polls! Can you chip in $3 before the FEC fundraising deadline to help keep up the momentum? 
Have you seen the latest polls? Carly’s message is resonating. Join our team today to keep the momentum going! 
How long has the VA been a problem? 20 years. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of people talking about it and doing nothing.
Carly needs your help to reach the campaign’s fundraising goal before the FEC deadline. Can you chip in $3 today? 
How will you stand up to those who threaten our national security?Get more answers at 
Tonight is our most important fundraising deadline yet. Can you chip in $3 before midnight? 
Carly’s surging in the polls! Can you chip in $3 before the FEC fundraising deadline to help keep up the momentum? 
Thank you for honest, thoughtful discussion of the issues. Enjoyed it. 
Carly needs your help to reach the campaign’s fundraising goal before the FEC deadline. Can you chip in $3 today? 
A crucial FEC fundraising deadline is only 1 day away. Will you help Carly reach her goal? Please chip in $3 today. 
Have you seen the latest polls? Carly’s message is resonating. Join our team today to keep the momentum going! 
Only 1 more day until the FEC fundraising deadline. Help us keep up our momentum - chip in $3 today.  
Only 2 more days until the FEC fundraising deadline. Can you chip in $3 to help Carly reach her goal? 
Carly is surging in the polls and her message is resonating. Help us keep up the momentum! Chip in $3 today. 
Carly had two showstopping debate performances. Her message resonated. Join our team and help spread the word! 
Have you seen the latest polls? Carly’s message is resonating. Join our team today to keep the momentum going! 
A crucial FEC fundraising deadline is only 2 days away. Will you help Carly reach her goal? Please chip in $3 today. 
Did you see Team Hillary’s recent email attacking Carly? Help us keep Hillary on her toes. Donate $3 today. 
Only 3 more days until the FEC fundraising deadline. Help us keep up our momentum - chip in $3 today. 
This is about the character of our nation for all of us.  
Carly is surging in the polls and her message is resonating. Help us keep up the momentum! Chip in $3 today. 
Enjoyed spending some time with yesterday in Arlington, IA. Not a deer in sight.   
Have you seen the latest polls? Carly’s message is resonating. Join our team today to keep the momentum going! 
I'm joining on this morning. Check your local listings and tune in! 
Carly is surging in the polls and her message is resonating. Help us keep up the momentum! Chip in $3 today. 
Carly needs your help to reach the campaign’s fundraising goal before the FEC deadline. Can you chip in $3 today? 
Did you see Team Hillary’s recent email attacking Carly? Help us keep Hillary on her toes. Donate $3 today. 
Only 4 more days until the FEC fundraising deadline. Can you chip in $3 to help Carly reach her goal? 
Have you seen the latest polls? Carly’s message is resonating. Join our team today to keep the momentum going! 
Q: Why are you a conservative?Get answers to your questions at  
A crucial FEC fundraising deadline is only 5 days away. Will you help Carly reach her goal? Please chip in $3 today. 
Carly is surging in the polls and her message is resonating. Help us keep up the momentum! Chip in $3 today. 
Have you seen the latest polls? Carly’s message is resonating. Join our team today to keep the momentum going! 
Q: Why are so many voters supporting outsiders this election?Get more answers at 
Carly’s surging in the polls! Can you chip in $3 before the FEC fundraising deadline to help keep up the momentum? 
Carly needs your help to reach the campaign’s fundraising goal before the FEC deadline. Can you chip in $3 today? 
Did you see Team Hillary’s recent email attacking Carly? Help us keep Hillary on her toes. Donate $3 today. 
Only 6 more days until the FEC fundraising deadline. Can you chip in $3 to help Carly reach her goal? 
Obamacare has to go. We didn’t solve the problem; we nationalized it. 
Q: Should there be a pathway to citizenship?Search more of Carly’s answers at 
These citizens are engaging in our political process early and want a lot more recess! 
Have you seen the latest polls? Carly’s message is resonating. Join our team today to keep the momentum going! 
Only 6 more days until the FEC fundraising deadline. Help us keep up our momentum - chip in $3 today. 
Carly is surging in the polls and her message is resonating. Help us keep up the momentum! Chip in $3 today. 
I'm joining soon! Hope you'll tune in on 
Have you seen the latest polls? Carly’s message is resonating. Join our team today to keep the momentum going! 
Carly’s surging in the polls! Can you chip in $3 before the FEC fundraising deadline to help keep up the momentum? 
Ours was intended to be a citizen government. So citizens: Let’s take it back.  
We need a fundamental reimagining of government. This time and this job are too important.  
I just qualified to appear on the ballot in the South Carolina Republican primary.  
Honored today to have the endorsement of Rep. Watch her video here:  
Proud to have your support, Rep.   
Only 7 more days until the FEC fundraising deadline. Help us keep up our momentum - chip in $3 today.  
Our Founders designed a system that was intended to work for the people, not in spite of them.  
Q: Why are you a conservative? Get answers to your questions at  
Standing room only crowd of 1,200 this evening in Myrtle Beach. Thank you!   
 Happy to be moderating the today with in Myrtle Beach.  
Carly needs your help to reach the campaign’s fundraising goal before the FEC deadline. Can you chip in $3 today? 
Watch my profile w/ for a behind-the-scenes look at the momentum we've gained since the last debate. 
Great time on last night... want to hear me hum a bar or two? 
Q: What would a better deal with Iran look like? Get more answers at 
Tune in tonight at 11:35 p.m. ET on   
Hope you can tune in tonight at 11:35 p.m. ET on   
I am prepared to lead the resurgence of a great nation.  
Looking forward to it!  
Did you miss the debate on Wednesday? Catch a replay tonight at 8:00 p.m. ET / 5:00 p.m. PT on CNN!  
I’m excited to join tomorrow. Check your local listings and tune in if you can! 
Speaking shortly at  You can watch it live here:  
Press avail this afternoon with the press corps.   
Great welcome from supporters in Mackinac Island, Michigan!  
Help us keep up the momentum. Join our team today:  
Thanks Gov. ; for having me speak!  
Coming up shortly at  If you’re not there, watch live here:  
Since the debate, we've had a huge swell in momentum. Chip in $3 now to keep it going:  
Want to know where I stand on the issues? Search videos of hundreds of my answers:  
Thank you to the attendants on my flight today for such a kind ; thoughtful note!  
This is about fixing America’s problems with bold ideas ; strong leadership.  
I dare ; to watch these videos ; tell Americans we should fund them w/ taxpayer $$. 
Happy Constitution Day. 
Every American’s life must be filled with the possibilities that come from their God-given gifts. 
Now I’m about to join on  
 COMING UP: We will speak to  presidential candidate 
Up next with Hope you can tune into  
I’m joining on shortly. Tune in if you can!  
 Today on TODAY.. talks to about her performance in the  
  will be joining this morning from Simi Valley, CA following last night's debate. Tune in! 
Putin won't listen to talk. We need leadership and resolve. Pitch in $3. 
Politicians won't defend the character of our nation. Americans must. Pitch in $3. 
It's about more than replacing a D with a R. Pitch in $3 to help make our voice heard. 
Politicians kicked the can on immigration for years. Chip in $3 for leadership ; results. 
Keep Carly punching back. Chip in $3 now. 
Keep Carly punching back. Chip in $3 now. 
Chip in $3 now to help me keep taking on the political class when the debate ends:  
Just finished my walkthrough of tonight’s stage. Tune in at 8:00 p.m. ET!   
I hope you’ll tune into CNN at 8:00 p.m. ET! Follow  ;  for updates. 
My interview with airs on  soon. Tune into if you can. 
I’m joining on the air shortly. Hope you can tune in.  
Thanks to your help, we’re going to be on the debate stage tomorrow. I hope you’ll tune in at 8:00 p.m. ET! 
Look at this face. This is the face of a 61 year old woman and I am proud of every year and every wrinkle. Watch: 
Took a lunch break at Arnie's Place in Concord, NH to catch up with   
Thank you, for such a resounding victory in your straw poll!  
I’ve answered hundreds of questions. You can search my answers here before Wednesday’s debate:  
I’m in the debate, but the fight is just starting. Help me prepare:   
All issues are women’s issues. Enjoyed speaking to the last night!   
I'm calling into with guest host soon. Hope you can tune in.  
Only a few hours left to enter a to win VIP trip to the next presidential debate!   
Coming up shortly with on Hope you can watch!   
Tonight around 9:10 p.m. ET I’m joining on  Tune in!   
Because of you, I’m going to be on that stage. To say thanks, we’re giving away a ticket. Enter here:  
China, Russia, Iran ; terrorist groups such as ISIS – these are the big human rights tests of our time.  
We are going to make it very hard for Iran to move money around the global financial system.  
On day one in the Oval Office, my message to Iran: New deal.  
Here’s what I'll do about Iran when I'm President:  
 There are barely any rules to bend. This is a bad deal and it doesn't need to be enforced - it needs to be scrapped.
Enter to win a VIP trip to the debate at  
Want to go to the debate at as my guest? Enter here:  
Thank you for a great event on Sunday. We have to challenge the status quo in Washington.  
Leadership’s job is to produce results, ; when leaders don’t produce results, they need to step aside.  
Frank and I were honored to walk with supporters at today's Labor Day Parade in Milford!  
Rolling out the Puppies for Carly Coalition at the Milford Labor Day Parade!   
We have a professional political class that is unwilling or unable to challenge the status quo. 
Thank you, Copper Door, ; to our supporters for the birthday wishes ; cake in Bedford!  
Thank you to MaryAnn's Diner for such a great welcome ; to the Carson's for the birthday cake! 
Thank you to the team at for the birthday card ; to so many who have wished me a happy birthday! 
Tomorrow morning I’m joining on CBS. Check your local listings and tune in!  
Good to walk Ward 1 in Manchester with today. Vote for him on September 15! 
I’ve answered hundreds of questions on the campaign trail. Search those answers here:  
Back in New Hampshire this weekend. Hope to see you at one of our stops!  
Want to get to know my husband Frank? Listen to his talk with here: 
 Frank Fiorina: “I take all the credit for doing well in debates because she debates me on everything” 
It is critically important that America lead again in the world. My full interview w/  
 won't answer the tough ?'s:  I will:  
My interview with is coming up. Tune in!  
Lois Lerner goes on paid administrative leave from the IRS, but KY clerk  goes to jail?
Read more about my plan to restore America’s role in the world here:   (3/3)
On my first day in the Oval Office, the Supreme Leader of Iran will get the message: New deal.   (2/3)
President Obama ; John Kerry got rolled on the Iran deal. This is a terrible deal.   (1/3)
I'm joining on shortly. Tune in!  
I’m looking forward to talking with on tonight.  
Cool game by the team at  
Joining on the air shortly. I hope you’ll listen in.  
I'm joining on the air around 10:05 a.m. EST. Tune in!  
Huge news: I'm in the debate. But the fight's just starting. Help me prepare:  
…and thank you to and who spoke out in support of a fair debate process.
THANKS TO YOU, we will be able to share our message of leadership and citizenship with Republican voters on the main debate stage.
We were forwarded this letter today. Grateful for the support of so many from across the country.  
 Wow!! Thank you to everyone who is helping get on that debate stage! The latest: 
CNN is using funny math to keep Carly off the debate stage. We need your help to fight back.  
I'm looking forward to joining on the air shortly!  
I believe in answering the tough questions, not delivering more soundbites.  
To see over 200 videos of where I stand on the issues, head here:  
Here's my take 5 video with last week.  
Wrapped up this week's Iowa trip speaking with this morning. See you again soon.  
Too often the political class speaks in soundbites. I’m willing to answer the tough questions.  
Today in Iowa I enjoyed hearing from voters in Storm Lake, Carroll, and Ames.   
I’m willing to answer any question about any topic. You can search my answers here:   
Unlike I’m not afraid of answering the tough questions. Search my answers here:  
I always answer the tough questions. Search my answers now at  to see exactly where I stand. 
Our campaign car just hit a deer in Iowa. Everyone is fine, but per assume deer dead.
Democrats are continually describing Republicans as extreme when the truth is the Democrats are extreme. 
Joining on shortly. Tune in on if you can!  
Thank you to the for hosting me in Sioux Center today.   
I’m going On the Record with tonight. Tune in!  
I’m looking forward to this afternoon’s townhall in Sioux Center hosted by  
Thank you, Le Mars, Iowa, for a great townhall today!   
I’m joining on the air shortly. You can listen here:  
Thanks so much to Charlie Stone and for having me in studio today.  
 thank you for being there and for introducing me!
Politicians talk. Leaders show results.  
Can't forget my Max and Snickers on  
Big crowd at the Cushing Fire Dept. for this evening's townhall hosted by Glad to be back in Iowa! 
Around 7:05 p.m. ET I’m joining on the air. Hope you can tune in!  
I have a clear track record of challenging the status quo and producing results. 
I'm calling into shortly. Hope you can tune in!  
We need a total rewrite of our tax code.  if you agree. 
As SOS, surely knew that she would be engaged in sensitive communications. 
Our momentum is building across the country. Join our team today and help keep it going.  
My full interview with is airing shortly on Hope you’ll tune in!  
Here’s what the new deal with Iran will be when I’m President.  
I’m calling into shortly. Hope you can tune in! 
President Obama broke every rule of negotiation with Iran.  
Now I’m about to join on  
Small business creates two-thirds of the new jobs ; employs half the people in this country. 
I’m coming up with Tune in!  
We have to make it very painful for the Chinese to be aggressive in cyber warfare. 
Thanks to the Goffstown Republican Committee for having me speak at this afternoon's picnic!  
We must secure our border. It's not rocket science.  
Enjoyed talking with Catch the interview on tomorrow!   
Beautiful evening in Center Harbor. Thanks to the Viens for hosting!   
Good to speak with activists today in Bartlett!   
Sunday morning my interview w/ is airing on Check your local listings!  
Good to speak and take questions at the Lancaster VFW this afternoon!   
The momentum we’re building across the country is real. Join our team today ; help keep it going.  
Coming up with Peter St. James on the NH Wakeup Show. Hope you can listen in!   
Talking with shortly. You can listen here:   
 Why do you support massacre of them? 
Full house for tonight's spaghetti dinner at the Littleton VFW!   
My radio interview with is airing around 5:00 p.m. ET. Tune in!  
Americans are tired of politicians saying something and never delivering results.  
I'm joining guest host on  shortly. Hope you'll tune in!  
I'm looking forward to joining live shortly. Listen here:   
Great turnout at tonight's townhall hosted by the Belknap County GOP. Thank you!   
Common Core’s kind of standardization is always going to drive achievement down, not up. 
Excited to join North Country Republicans for the Grassroots Training on 8/22! RSVP here:   
One of the reasons I'm a conservative is I don't believe the federal gov't should do everything it can do.  
Teachers' unions are a power structure designed to maintain the status quo for their own reasons.  
Common Core has become a set of standards based on what teachers have to teach.  
Federal government money is being used to pick winners and losers.  
What doesn't work are big bureaucratic programs in Washington.  
Excited to speak at  today in Londonderry, NH! You can watch live here:  
I reviewed the TSA on One star. Stories of inept fed. bureaucracies have become far too common.  
Here’s my full  Q;A. Join our team today to keep the momentum going.   
I am a conservative because I believe that no one of us is any better than any other one of us. 
Glad I was able to visit the famous today.   
It wouldn't be a trip to the without a trip to see the   
There is no excuse. Planned Parenthood must be defunded. 
  the first presidential candidate to shuck corn at  
Thank you,   
Taking the stage at  soon! Watch live here:   
Speaking at  at 1:00 p.m. ET. You can watch live here:  
Here’s a recap of my speech last night to the Jewish Federation of Greater Des Moines:   
 Watch live now: speaks to the Iowa Caucus Consortium  
I enjoyed speaking to the Jewish Federation of Greater Des Moines this evening!  
Excited to join tomorrow. Check local listings and tune in!  
Good to be at Nevada Attorney General Inaugural Basque Fry!  
Joining Dan Mason the air shortly Listen live on in Reno or anywhere online at  
I’m excited to join shortly on Tune in if you can!  
We need a leader that understands that their highest calling is to unlock the potential of this nation. 
We’re building momentum in Iowa and across the country. Join us today.  
Enjoyed talking with about what we must to do to restore American leadership in the world.  
Good to be at Stellar Industries Garner this afternoon!   
Packed house at this morning's meet ; greet in Mason City, Iowa!  
I'm excited to talk with shortly. You can listen here:   
Now I'm getting ready to join on Watch here:  
I'm coming up shortly on Tune in!  
I think people are looking for something and someone different.  
  “I think people understand real leadership is necessary to challenge the status quo."  
I'm joining around 10:30 p.m. ET. I hope you can tune in!  
Good to be in Alden, IA for this evening's townhall. Thanks to Bruce Rastetter for hosting!  
It's more than a little hypocritical for this fed. gov’t to dictate to small businesses how they should run. 
…37% less likely to promote them, and 45% more likely to fire them.   (2/2)
After such mandates were in place in Spain, companies were 6% less likely to hire women.   (1/2)
In other countries, these mandates have discouraged employers from hiring ; promoting women.  
The Left was instantly outraged I didn’t believe the fed. gov’t should require all companies to pay for leave. 
When I was at Hewlett-Packard, we offered paid maternity ; paternity leave.  
The political classes of both parties have failed women ; working families in this country.  
Thanks for the support Team Carly. Spot on! - Staff  
We need a leader who understands executive decision-making, which is a tough call in a tough time with high stakes. 
We must not be afraid to call ISIS what it is: Islamic extremism. We must know what we’re up against to defeat it. 
Thank you for the kind words  
 thinks she is entitled to your vote. I am working hard to earn it.  
I'm looking forward to talking with shortly. You can listen live here:  
Chinese cyberattacks are an act of aggression on the U.S. and they must stop.  
Enjoyed discussing the issues on earlier today. You can watch the full interview here:  
We’re gaining momentum across the country. Join our team today.  
Catch my interview on around 9:05 a.m. ET!  
What is necessary first and foremost is a different kind of leadership.  
About to join Tune in!  
I’m coming up shortly on  
If John Boehner and Mitch McConnell don't produce, they need to step aside.  
On this issue, I don’t believe we should take any option off the table.   
Excited to join tomorrow. Tune in!  
Thank you for letting me share my journey on last night’s show! 
My interview with will be airing shortly around 6:00 p.m. ET. Tune in!  
Joining tonight on  I hope you can tune in!   
We're building incredible momentum from the first debate! Can you chip in $3 to keep it up? 
Always good to talk with Catch my interview with her here.  
We must challenge the status quo ; use conservative principles we know work better to lift everyone up.  
Thanks to for inviting me to speak this evening.  
Thank you to Tommy's Country Ham House and state Rep. Donna Hicks for today's event in Greenville.  
Over 350 people welcomed us to Tommy’s Country Ham House in Greenville, SC this afternoon! 
Lower every rate, close every loophole.  if you agree.  
Also joining Check local listings or watch when it re-airs at 2 ; 6 p.m. ET on  
I’ll also be joining on Catch it at 9 a.m. ET or noon when it re-airs!  
Tomorrow morning I’ll be joining Check your local listings or catch it when it re-airs on at 2 p.m. ET! 
Good talking with you, Catch the full uncensored interview here.  
I stand with
Mr. Trump: There. Is. No. Excuse.
Enjoyed talking with earlier. It airs tonight.  
My interview with airs soon. I hope you can watch!  
I'm taking the stage at  around 3:30 ET. You can watch live here:  
I’ll be talking with on soon. Hope you’ll watch!  
There are many specific things we can do to reestablish U.S. leadership around the world.  
Conservatives have no shortage of great ideas – but we need a leader who can make them happen.  
Why I’m running for President ; how I’ll re-establish American leadership in the world.  
At  I won over our largest audience yet. Can you chip in $3 to help us keep it up?
Small businesses, new businesses ; family-owned businesses = engine of economic growth. 
Getting ready now to join You can listen here.  
Excited to talk with shortly. I hope you can listen in.  
Help keep the momentum going. Join our team today.  
Now I’m coming up with on  
Up next I’m talking with on  
I’m joining shortly. Tune in!  
Can you chip in $3 to keep the momentum going?   
Carly just won the first debate! Help keep up the momentum and ensure she has a spot on the debate stage next month. 
The highest calling of leadership is to challenge the status quo ; unlock potential in others.  
I know how extraordinary this nation is. 
It’s almost time! Tune into at 5:00 p.m. EDT   
Now is the time for citizenship and leadership.   
Looking forward to a productive discussion of the issues at 5:00 pm ET.    
Talked with about my pre-debate ritual. I take Solitaire very seriously.   
Enjoyed talking w/ Catch the interview during the 9 p.m. ET hour on  
We must use the power of citizenry to put pressure on the professional political class to act. 
Joining shortly! Hope you'll tune in.  
If we want to change things, we’ve got to change the kind of leader we put in the White House. 
I'll be talking with shortly. Hope you'll listen in.   
I'm calling into shortly. Tune in!  
I look forward to answering questions on Thursday in Cleveland.  
Chip in now if you’re ready for real leadership.  
Help keep the momentum from  going. Join our team today.  
Enjoyed  forum at Thanks ; See you again soon.  
I have a proven track record of problem solving ; challenging the status quo.  
With your support ; vote, I will lead the resurgence of a great nation.   
There are many things we could ; should be doing to fight ISIS.  
This is a fight for the future of this nation and for the character of this nation.  
Leaders challenge the status quo.  
Follow  and  for updates from tonight’s forum. 
The  Forum is starting soon! I hope you’ll watch live:   
Join our team if you agree we need a President who has vision, leadership ; principles.   
After  I’ll be joining supporters at Hope to see you there!   
TONIGHT – I’m participating in the  Forum at 7 pm ET. Tune in!  
Thank you for the support,  
The world can’t afford our next President to lead from behind.  
Joining supporters at after  Forum on Monday! Register here:   
Don’t miss updates from the campaign trail. Sign up here:  
This morning I’ll be joining on the air. Hope you’ll tune in!  
Thank you for the kind words on today’s show! 
Talking with around 10:30 a.m. ET. You can listen live here.  
Coming up shortly with Tune in here.  
Our ideals are a light that shines in the very darkest corners of the world.  
My full speech at last night:  
This morning around 10:30 a.m. I’ll be joining live on the air. Listen in here.  
I am prepared to be a President who will lead the resurgence of this great nation, here at home and around the world. 
I will recognize dangers w/ eyes wide open but will also embrace w/ open arms the enormous opportunities ; potential of these amazing times.
And as we tragically know, those ripples can too easily land on our shores.  (2/2)
When we abandon an ally or embolden an adversary, it reverberates throughout the world.  (1/2)
I am deeply proud of our extraordinary nation and grateful to be an American. 
Margaret Thatcher once said that she was not content to manage the decline of a great nation. Neither am I. 
It is the height of hypocrisy for to run for President as a champ. of women's rights when her record as SOS is this dismal.
China, Russia, Iran, ; terrorist groups such as ISIS – these are the big human rights tests of our time. 
In February 2009, she told us we couldn’t let human rights get in the way of our other goals.
 likes to talk about her support of human rights, women's rights and democracy. Her actions conflict with her words.
Once again, the gov’t bureaucracy was too bloated ; inept to act ; the political classes were too complacent to stop it. 
The Chinese steal our intellectual property w/ impunity ; engage in state-sponsored cyberterrorism. 
We must tell China—if you declare an Air Defense Identification Zone over the South China Sea, we will not recognize it. We will not comply.
We must push back against rising Chinese aggression. We should work w/ Vietnam ; the Philippines to improve their surveillance capabilities.
China is using their economic might to rewrite the global order. 
Here is another truth we must see and speak and act upon. China is our rapidly rising adversary. 
We must have the strongest military on the face of the planet ; everyone has to know it. 
When we do not stand with our allies nor confront our adversaries, our friends lose courage and our enemies press forward. 
This administration’s blind eye to aggression has become a black eye to America. 
This administration has continued to build a relationship w/ our enemies. When you reward bad behavior, you get more of it. 
She must be prepared to challenge the status quo ; the way things are – whether in Washington or around the world. 
The next President must reestablish our leadership-- she must speak with clarity ; act with courage. 
My speech at will be streamed live here. Join me at 9:00 p.m. ET.  
Full  vid. w/ readers. Easiest question = my favorite ice cream? Chocolate!  
We need a fighter of the status quo in D.C. ; a fighter against ISIS.   
What’s my definition of liberty?   
We need to go from a 70,000 page tax code to about a three-page tax code.   
As president, I’ll engage citizens through technology to ask basic questions.   
I took questions from readers. Here’s what I’d do about illegal immigration.   
Tune into if you can. I’ll be on live with shortly.  
I’m joining guest host on this morning around 10:05 a.m. ET.  
My speech tonight will focus on the national security implications of our relationship w/ China.   (2/2)
Tonight at 9 p.m. ET I’m giving at a foreign policy address at Watch it live.   (1/2)
If Planned Parenthood is concerned about women’s health, why won’t they accept fed. funding for pregnancy centers?
Of course Planned Parenthood is trying to change the subject. 
I discussed why we must defund Planned Parenthood on Check local listings or tune in when it re-airs on at 2 pm ET.
Good catching up with this evening!   
Final stop in Iowa with the Thanks for inviting me!   
Supporting state Rep. Ross Paustian at Iowa 80, the world's largest truck stop!   
Started the day off with a meet and greet at Bridgehouse Coffee Shop in Newton.   
Closing out this evening with the Thanks for having me speak!  
Live in the studio with   
I’ll be joining live in-studio soon. Listen here if you can.   
Thank you for your comments on today’s show!  
Packed house for this afternoon's meet and greet in Norwalk!   
Thank you to the Bull Moose Club of Des Moines for inviting me to speak at today's lunch!   
I enjoyed answering questions at the this morning.  
 Hi Thank you for sharing how you believe our nation can better aid the least among us  
Always great talking with Looking forward to seeing you at the forum on Aug. 3rd. 
I’ll be joining shortly around 8:30 p.m. ET. Hope you’ll tune in!  
Bumped into some supporters at lunch in Story City, Iowa earlier today!   
Enjoyed discussing agricultural issues in Fort Dodge. Thanks to state Rep Mike Sexton for putting on a great roundtable! 
Signed Becky Kepler's Presidential Pig at in Webster City.   
 Good to see you yesterday!  
Thank you for your support Proud to have you on our team.   
 if you agree that ours was intended to be a citizen government.  
Great start to the day at Cecil’s Café in Marshalltown!    
Great to be back in Iowa at supporting state Sen. Ken Rozenboom!   
Details to come on where you can watch. It’s an honor to be able to speak there. (2/2)
I'm giving an address focused on the nat'l security issues presented by our relationship w/ China at the on Monday. (1/2)
 if you’re tired of gestures ; speeches without a lot of results.  
Hope to see you at one of our stops in Iowa this week!   
Instead of facing our broken education system, liberal policies work to protect the status quo ; stamp out choice. 
How do we fix our broken education system? Give every parent ; student a choice ; a chance.   
Tune into if you can. I'm joining soon.  
I'll be joining soon. Tune in!  
Whether you’re a pro-choice woman or a pro-life woman, this videotape is depraved. 
I’m looking forward to joining tonight. Watch here.   
Twice in eight days - great seeing you again
 With the dynamite Watch her tonight on the 8pm ET. 
Coming up on with Hope you can tune in!  
I’m prepared to lead the resurgence of a great nation.  
Proud to join pro-life leaders in responding to the latest despicable news from Planned Parenthood.  
Coming up with You can listen here.  
Joining tomorrow morning around 7:35 a.m. ET. I hope you’ll tune in!  
We must simplify our 70,000 page tax code ; move to zero-based budgeting.  
Catch my full interview with this evening on   
As president, I would roll back the Iran deal ; restore our trusted friendship with Israel.  
Thank you to former Navy Seal for your service and support!  
If Americans want the status quo to change, it’s time to reach out of the world intent on preserving it.  
We help the middle class when we unburden them from the policies would double down on.  
Check out my Q;A with here.  
Great to speak at tonight!  
Spoke to a crowd of 300+ in Las Vegas today. Thanks for a great event!  
 served w honor;courage-proud to call him a friend. GOP voters deserve better than outrageous statements ; personal attacks.
You can catch my interview with soon. Listen in here.  
My interview with airs OTR tonight. I hope you’ll tune in!  
It's an honor to keynote this evening's 2015  graduation at
I was born in Texas. Today I came back as a candidate for President. Thanks for a great event!  
We must allow our military members to defend themselves the same way we trust them to defend our country. 
Our allies look at how we treat Israel ; conclude friendship with the U.S. doesn’t mean much. That must change.
Stopped by to show the guys what it can be like being a woman in the workplace. 
Joining live on the air shortly. Tune in if you can!   
With your help, we can challenge the status quo in Washington. Join our team today.  
The message to the professional political class: we will not stand for this anymore.  if you agree.  
Thank you to NH state Rep. Bob Haefner for the kind words in this op-ed!  
Joining later tonight! You can listen here.  
The OPM hack shows it’s clear we need a fundamental reimagining of government. My op-ed:  
Enjoyed catching up w Catch the interview on his radio show around 4:30 pm ET.  
Here's my full statement on today's tragic and outrageous Planned Parenthood news. 
Excited to join on around 1:20 ET. Tune in!  
Hillary Clinton has engaged in a cover up, and has blood on her hands.   (2/2)
We now have enough info. to know that Hillary Clinton has engaged in gross dereliction of duty.   (1/2)
  "History tells us that Iran will cheat. Contrary to what this administration has said; this will give Ir…
Joining live shortly. Tune in!  
Iran has demonstrated bad behavior ; we know they have been trying to cheat on this deal.  
Excited to join shortly. I hope you'll tune in!   
Hillary Clinton has blood on her hands. 
Tune into    
 It was great seeing you!
 So good to visit with in NYC tonight. She's dynamite. No one should underestimate her.
Looking forward to talking with on  tonight. Tune in!   
Excited to join for its first show on Tune in!  
What are my thoughts on Hillary Clinton's speech this morning? 
Thank you New Hampshire for a great week.  
We need to understand that small businesses are the true engine of economic growth. 
What would I do about Iran if I were president? 
Great joining by way of  
Tune in now to I'm coming up!   
Thank you to Tom Eaton for today's house party in Spofford!   
Joining tomorrow around 9:00 a.m. ET. Tune in!   
Wall to wall crowd at Robie's in Hooksett this evening. Great to be at a staple of   
Looking forward to joining soon. I hope you can listen in!  
 Maybe it's a sign I should guest host soon? I'll bring the Diet Coke. 
On the trail earlier in Londonderry. Thanks Rep. David Lundgren for hosting!   
I’m excited to join on Sunday and hope you can tune in.  
About to join Peter Boyles on You can listen here!  
Less rhetoric, more results.  if you agree. 
Big crowd at this evening's house party in Nashua. Thanks to Stephen ; Terry Negron for hosting!  
More proof the status quo isn't working: Over 25MM Americans had their personal info stolen in this OPM breach. Where's the accountability?
I enjoyed visiting Main St. in Nashua today!   
I salute — a woman of courage, conviction, and compassion. She led when leadership was called for. 
Our insecure border points out that we have too many sound bites and not enough problem solving. 
Now I'm about to join Peter St. James on the NH Wake Up Show. You can listen here.   
Joining George Russell shortly on WSMN. Listen live here.   
Thank you Hampstead for a great welcome this evening!  
Tune into tonight. I'll be joining around 10:45 EST.  
Technology is a tool that can be used to reimagine gov't ; galvanize citizen pressure on Washington.  
Looking forward to answering your questions!  
 if you agree that we must radically simplify the tax code ; lower rates.  
Lunch meet ; greet with the Greater Salem Chamber. Great crowd!   
I enjoyed stopping by the Salem, NH Chamber of Commerce!   
Yesterday showed is going to continue to try ; run away from accountability.  
Good, thoughtful conversation with business leaders in Concord at J. Hampe ; Associates.   
Enjoyed joining this morning. You can watch the full interview here.  
Coming up on Watch live here!   
Tomorrow around 7:00 a.m EST I'll be joining Tune in!   
With your help, I look forward to making it onto the debate stage in less than a month.  
Pit stop at Johnson's for some chocolate lover's chocolate ice cream.  
Enjoying this afternoon's tour of Laars Heating Systems in Rochester.   
Great stop at Russo's Barber Shop.   
Meeting voters at Geno's in Portsmouth this morning.   
Enjoyed touring in Barrington today!   
Full house for today's townhall. Thanks and   
 packed house w/ Carly    
Join our campaign at one of our stops this week in New Hampshire.   
Touring Turbcam International ; joining around 4:30 pm EST. Catch the livestream here.  
 Reminder: Townhall today 5PM at Turbocam in Barrington 
Congrats Shoutout to for an historic performance and a great first name. 
Celebrating American ingenuity and innovation with my granddaughters in Kitty Hawk, NC. 
Here's what I'm thinking about on our nation's 239th birthday. Happy Independence Day. 
I'll be joining shortly as he guest hosts for on NH Today. Tune in!   
With your help, we are quickly building the momentum necessary to get on the debate stage.  
This morning I’m joining guest hosting for Hope you can tune in!  
Coming up shortly with fmr. Iowa state Sen. guest hosting for Tune in!  
Tune into if you can. I’m coming up in a few minutes.  
Thankful for the support we’re building in New Hampshire and across the country.   
I'll be joining Jan Mickelson shortly on You can listen here.   
Great talking with you last night,  
Cheering on tonight! 
I'm about to join live. I hope you can tune in!  
I’m about to join my friend live on the air. I hope you’ll tune in!  
The FEC fundraising deadline is today! Please chip in $3 before midnight.   
Here is why we must repeal Obamacare. 
Our first fundraising deadline is coming up. Will you chip in to help prove our momentum?  
 if you agree that you cannot unlock potential without challenging the status quo.  
What you are is God’s gift to you. What you make of yourself is your gift to God  
I believe that ours was intended to be a citizen government  
Great opportunity to speak at  , thank you for inviting me 
I’m coming up soon for  ! Tune in live at 
Tomorrow I will be speaking at  , I hope you will join me!
ICYMI Here's a link to my hour with last night! 
Thanks for hosting this great  event It was great to be here 
Thank you for having me on It was a pleasure to talk with you
Agree w Alito: "All Americans... should worry about what the majority’s claim of power portends.”  
My statement on today’s  ruling 
I can win this job and I can do this job.  
When I was a little girl, my mother told me what you are is God's gift to you, what you become is your gift to God 
I think now we need someone in the Oval Office who understands what leadership really means   2016 
When we are not leading, the world is a far more dangerous and tragic place   
We need to secure the border. We need to fix the basics before we talk about citizenship   
One nation acting alone will make no difference in climate change, the answer is innovation   
We don't have to run away from our principles to bring others to our party. How we talk about our principles matters 
Small and family owned businesses employ half the nation and our government is crushing them   
We need a leader in the Oval Office that will challenge the status quo of Washington, DC   2016 
We need to go to real zero based budgeting: every program needs to be justified every year   
The only way to get our debts and deficits under control: grow the economy, cut spending   
We are China's largest market, and this is our greatest leverage   
We can, should, will become the major energy power of the 21st century   2016 
Iran won't agree to a deal without consistent pressure, this administration hasn't done that  
It's called hypocrisy. Going to China in 1993 is one thing, actions matching your words is another.   
know how vital it is that our allies believe we will stand with them   
The only way to change the government is to have someone who challenges the status quo  
Be sure to watch tonight at 10 on to see my full hour interview! 
With the FEC fundraising deadline fast approaching, please chip in here. 
Learn more about how I was able to work my way from secretary of a 9 person office to CEO of a fortune 50 company. 
Join our team today.
Coming up soon on the Listen in!   
In case you missed it, here's my interview with last night! Thanks for having me! 
Repeal Obamacare and let the free market—not more crony capitalism—improve access and care for all Americans. 
ObamaCare has not lived up to what we were promised. It has become clear that this law isn’t working
It is outrageous that the Supreme Court once again rewrote ObamaCare to save this deeply flawed law 
I'll be joining tonight on his show! Listen in here:  
Be sure to tune into my full hour with tomorrow night on  
There are only 23 female CEOs in the S;P 500. Fun fact: There are more CEOs named John than there are women. 
Check out my new post on "Redefining Feminism: The State of Women in America"  
I’ll be joining very soon! Listen in here: 
We need a centralized command with the accountability, responsibility of protecting our government systems 
I do think as a party it is important that we are as diverse as the nation we hope to represent 
Cybersecurity has to be a central part of any homeland security strategy 
Thank you and for sitting down with me. Check out the interview here: 
Only in America can a young woman go from secretary to CEO to presidential candidate  
Thank you and for having me on the show last night! 
I'm a conservative because I know no one of us is better than any other 
Listen in tonight on as I join and Sunday 
People of sincere faith make better leaders - our faith gives us humility 
Watch my speech at  
From my father, I learned that character is the core of who we are and the foundation of what we can become. 
Thanks for the invitation 
Excited to be with tonight! Come join us! 
Great to be at  Thank you for hosting this wonderful event  
I'll be at  soon! Join me and  
Excited to speak at  tomorrow morning!  
I have a heavy responsibility now, and I have to execute that responsibility on behalf of everyone  
Wonderful event with and Thank you for the invitation 
Speaking this afternoon with the for  at the Sheraton Downtown Philadelphia 
We should move to meritocracy in the federal government  
Ready to speak in Philadelphia tomorrow with the and at  see you there!
The annual dinner tonight was a great chance to meet New York conservatives! Thanks for inviting me! 
Watch my full interview with on  here: 
Watch my interview with this afternoon on  
My radio interview with airs shortly. Listen live at   
Excited to talk with this afternoon on his radio show. You can hear it via 
I'll be joining later this morning on ! Listen in here  
Enjoyed talking with you yesterday,  
Joining live around 5:15 ET from New York! Listen in.  
I'm excited for good conversation with  
Here's my full interview with on  
 it was great talking to you! I'm looking forward to seeing the interview on 
I started out as a secretary. My husband started as a tow truck driver. We’ve lived the American Dream. 
 Should the US be giving more support to Arab allies in the fight against  says yes. 
Coming up with on NH Today. Listen live.   
This morning I'm joining New Day. Tune in around 7:15 a.m. ET!  
 WATCH: Carly Fiorina goes on The View, handles herself FANTASTICALLY 
Thank you ; Enjoyed joining you on
 "I believe that a feminist is any woman who lives the life she chooses." -  
The big fight in 2016 is about who can change the status quo in Washington.  
 Today 2016 Republican presidential candidate joins us LIVE on  
My interview with is coming up!  
Tune into tomorrow ; tweet your questions to  I’ll be joining around 11:20 a.m. ET! 
I’m running because this is a great nation, but it is a great nation at a pivotal point.  
Will you help me get on the debate stage? We must amplify our message to the nation. Please chip in $3 today. 
At the debates, I will make our case to millions of Americans. But I need your help to get there. Please chip in $3. 
At the debates, I will make our case to millions of Americans. But I need your help to get there. Please chip in $3. 
Looking forward to it!   
Enjoyed going back to and discussing the issues today. 
Dodd-Frank has had a demonstrably bad impact. 
This morning I’ll be joining and on Tune in! 
Leadership has nothing to do with title or position, it has to do with unlocking potential
All the things that concern the American people are legitimate topics in an election
The arguments over the Patriot Act are typical of why people are frustrated with government 
Thank you for your kind words on this morning! See it here: 
Great to be with the last night! Thank you for the invitation!
I'm addressing the soon, hope to see you there 
I talk a lot about entrepreneurship because I've seen it work. Entrepreneurship works to lift people out of poverty 
Great opportunity to speak with so many leaders at this weekend! 
Beautiful scenery and meaningful conversations, Thank you for hosting us this weekend 
A great way to start the weekend: Joining tonight. Watch it here:  
Want to see my speech last night on the state of women in America? has the text here;  
Let us ensure that this nation is one in which every person knows they can choose a life of dignity, purpose and meaning. 
We must aim high as a nation. We must aim high in our families and in our communities.  
Lastly, we must tackle the webs of dependence that are trapping women today.  
We also need to support small businesses. Women-owned businesses are vitally important to our economy.  
It’s time for over-the-counter birth control, which will drive down prices and increase availability.  
In fact, single mothers earn $19,000 dollars less per year than married mothers.  
We also know that reducing out-of-wedlock births is critical.  
It is especially critical for low-income women and families that we fix our broken education system.  
Let’s move to a pay-for-performance meritocracy and make promoting high-achieving men and women a top priority.  
There are many things that we can and must do so that all women can truly choose their own paths.  
A feminist is a woman who lives the life she chooses.  
The Left's view of feminism is not about women. And their policies are not working for women.  
Recent studies from the NYU Child Study Center suggest that a girl's self-esteem peaks at age 9 and declines from there. 
My experience tells me that human potential is limitless. Usually, it is underutilized or worse, squandered and wasted. 
My  interview with airs on tonight.  
 thank you for your question! You can contact our campaign at inf
We must encourage boys and girls, men and women, to aim high in their lives. 
A feminist is a woman who lives the life she chooses. 
The progressive view of feminism is not about women. It is about ideology. And their policies are not working for women. 
I'm giving an address tonight on the state of women in America at Women represent half of all human potential. 
This afternoon I'm speaking at 61st Biennial Convention. Hope to see you there!   
Joining Peter St. James on the NH Wakeup Show shortly. Tune in!   
I'm closing out a 3-day swing in New Hampshire with this evening.   
I talked with about why we must make our nation energy independent.  
Coming up with  
Delicious sandwich and cookies today in Manchester at 
 GOP presidential candidate Carly Fiorina is in NH and visits Finesse Pastries! 
Thanks to for this afternoon's tour of Elm Street in Manchester!   
I'm about to join on live. Tune in!  
I enjoyed speaking with employees at this morning!  
Touring the Cirtonics Corporation in Milford, NH this morning.   
Closed out another day in New Hampshire with a crowd of over 200 in New Boston!   
Here's some coverage of the momentum we're building in New Hampshire!  
I'm at the VFW in Hudson, NH with the Hudson GOP. Great crowd!   
It's been clear that President Obama hasn't had a plan to defeat ISIS.
Thanks to Kathy Wagner for this evening's house party in Londonberry! Full house.   
Joining tomorrow morning around 8:40 a.m. EST. Watch live here.  
Coming up with on Tune in! 
Proud to have the endorsement of NH Deputy House Speaker Gene Chandler ; 12 state reps!  
I’ll be in New Hampshire this week and hope to see you at one of our events!   
Here’s my full speech at  on Saturday.  
 if you agree that we must reassure our allies that friendship with America means something. 
What kind of leader do we need in The White House? 
I enjoyed Sen.  this afternoon.  
I'm running for President at today's Scandinavian Days Parade in Story City, Iowa. 
Great to be with the for the Scandinavian Days Parade.  
My full statement on the latest data breach. 
Thankful to have the endorsement of Iowa Representative Mike Sexton! 
Speaking tomorrow around 3:38 EST at Sen. Roast ; Ride!    
 to one month ago today.  
 thank you for your support!
Leadership of any kind requires trust and transparency and voters should demand no less. 
Looking forward to heading back to Iowa this weekend!   
Thanks for having me!  
 if you agree that these times require leaders who are transparent. 
Tune in around 8:05 EST tonight. I’m joining live!   
If you believe ours was intended to be a citizen government, join our team today. 
Joining tomorrow morning. Tune in!  
I enjoyed speaking to the this morning.  
Check out this video of talking about my campaign yesterday.  
I want to hear from you. Join tonight's tele-townhall here.  
At 7 pm EST I'm joining for a tele-townhall. You can RSVP here!  
 Sorry about your trouble, Tom. Send an email to inf and we'll add you to the list. Thanks for your support!
Continuing a great day of answering questions at this afternoon's event in Spartanburg!  
I had a great lunch today with members of the in Columbia.  
Are you ready to win in 2016? Join the team that can beat today.  
Great talking with you  
 Thank you for your support, Karla! You can sign up here:  Make sure to share with your friends!
 must not be President. Check out our new site to learn more.  
While continues to hide from tough questions, I look forward to answering more of them in Columbia, SC today. 
 Thank you for your support! If you haven't already, you can join the team and sign up here: 
 Thanks for your support, Bryan!
Thanks to Shannon ; Doug McGinley for hosting this evening’s house party in Bedford!  
I’ll be joining in a few minutes and I hope you can listen in!  
Thanks to the Derry Republican Town Committee for a great lunch!  
Coming up with on You can listen here.   
Thanks to Sister Paula Marie Buley ; President's Circle Chair Paul Clark for a great morning at 
I’m excited to be back in New Hampshire ; talking with live shortly. Tune in here.  
This Memorial Day we pause to remember ; commemorate all those who have given so much to defend this blessed nation. 
Thanks for a great response. Join our team today.   
Tune in around 11:30 a.m. EST to catch my  speech live!   
Starting off the morning with the Oklahoma Federation of Republican Women.   
Can you donate $3 to help us grow our team and make sure I get on this debate stage? 
I hope to see you in Oklahoma City tomorrow morning at  You can also watch here.  
 Thank you for your support, Ben! You can donate here. Together we can win this. 
I’m about to join to discuss why we must have a nominee who can hold Hillary accountable. Tune in! 
Tonight at 11:30 EST I'm joining on SiriusXM Patriot 125. Tune in if you can! 
82% say they’re not looking for career politicians. Can you donate $5 to help us spread our message now?  
We can restore the sense of limitless possibility that’s always defined America. Will you join us today?  
Thanks for the invite, Can't wait to join cc:
 Thank you for your support, Kim!
 Thank you for your support! You can start by signing up here:  Make sure to share with your friends!
 Thank you for your support! You can sign up here:  Make sure to share with your friends!
 Thank you for your support, Mike! You can donate here. Together we can win this. 
Place of Hope has offered hope ; support to countless children in FL. It was an honor to join them in Boca Raton. 
Glad released metrics for 1st debate. I'll look forward to making the cut and making my case to GOP voters on Aug 6th.
I enjoyed speaking to this afternoon!  
We can restore the sense of limitless possibility that’s always defined America. Will you join us today?  
Coming up with on Listen live here.  
I’m talking with shortly and I hope you’ll tune in if you can!  
Congrats on your win in  tonight! 
Good luck to my friend in the special election for NH's Rockingham 32nd District today!  
This Tweet from has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder. Learn more.
Over the weekend I spoke at  You can watch the full speech here.  
Saying yes was the best decision I ever made. Happy Anniversary to the love of my life. 
Thanks to my friend Sen. for coming by! Always great to see you.  
Great spending time with Iowa Governor and Lt. Governor  
Iowans know we need a leader in The White House who will challenge the status quo.  
Good talking with at the  this evening.  
I hope to see you this evening in Iowa at  You can also watch online here.  
To reimagine our government, we must reimagine who’s running it. Let’s start now. Donate $3 today. 
I had a great conversation with ; about why America must lead in the world.  
With your help, we’ll restore transparency and trust in The White House.  
Good talking with and on their Trail Talk podcast this morning. 
I'm asking questions about transparency b/c I come from a world where it counts. 
Spending this evening in Phoenix at Spring Meeting. Great to be here!   
I just finished taping an interview with that airs tonight.  
Now I'm getting ready to join live. You can listen here.  
I’m excited to join on the air shortly. I hope you can tune in. 
The life we save may make all the difference in the lives of others. I urge Congress to protect life ; pass 
Thanks to the for hosting me last night!  
To reimagine government, we must reimagine who is running it. Let’s do this. Together.  
We know what we’re missing – real leadership in Washington. But I can't win this without your support.  
I'll be joining live on shortly. You can listen here.  
What would I say to get a Democrat to vote for me?  (4/4)
What's my plan to fix the tax code? We need to radically simplify it.  (3/4)
Here are my thoughts on leadership. 
It's been a great first week! Earlier this week I heard from you on Here are some of my responses to your questions. (1/4)
Thanks, for having me on this morning. Btw, check out  
I've never forgotten the lessons I learned from my mother. Happy Mother's Day. 
I'm joining this morning. Check your local listings and tune in! 
You can watch my full  speech here.  
I'm coming up shortly at  You can tune in live here. 
Thanks to for the honorary doctorate!  
It was an honor to speak to Class of 2015 today. Congratulations, graduates!  
Closing out today with  Thanks for having me!   
I got to spend time with former Manchester Mayor Ray Wieczorek, The Wiz, today.   
Thanks to Stephen ; Jean Mathieu for hosting today's meet ; greet in Manchester!   
 The Clintons are protected from charges of corruption by their reputation for corruption.  
Thanks for hosting me and for so many thoughtful questions.   
Thanks Crème Cupcake and owner Christina Moffatt for the delicious cupcakes.   
I enjoyed my conversation today with Editorial Board today.   
Back in Iowa and starting the day off in Cedar Rapids at The Blue Strawberry Coffee Company!   
My interview with is airing tonight. Tune in!   
 was the best $16 I ever spent. I hope you'll chip in $16 now to keep the momentum going. 
Coming up shortly with ​ 
Now I'm getting ready to join You can listen here!  
Coming up with Listen in here.  
This morning I'm joining at 7:30 am EST. Tune in! 
Who bought  for $16? 
I'm excited to join shortly to talk about my announcement that I'm running for President.  
Coming up next with on  
My interview with is coming up on 
Frank and I caught up with backstage. I hope you can tune in tonight! 
I'm excited to join Late Night with tonight. 
Technology is a tool to re-imagine government ; to re-engage citizens in the process.   
I'm excited to be at  this afternoon!  
Our founders imagined citizen leaders in the White House, not career politicians. Let’s do this together. 
Great time with this morning!  
Frank and I are joining this morning. You can watch here!  
Always great to join the crew!  
I'm getting ready to join Tune in if you can. 
I enjoyed talking with on tonight! 
Joining at 9:30 pm EST to talk about why I'm running. Tune in! 
To reimagine our government, we must reimagine who’s running it. Let’s start now. Donate $3 today. 
From the campaign trail,  
Our founders imagined citizen leaders in the White House, not career politicians. Let’s do this together. 
To reimagine our government, we must reimagine who’s running it. Let’s start now. Donate $3 today. 
Now my interview with is up next. You can tune in here! 
Keep an eye out for some clips from our broadcast. 
In case you missed me on you can download the app ; watch the full video here for the next 24 hours. 
LIVE on  Looking forward to taking your questions! 
It's almost time. Join me on at 4 pm EST.   
One hour! Tweet your questions to  ; join me on at 4 pm EST.  
I'm talking with live at 2:45 pm EST. You can watch here! 
Join me on in 2 hours ; tweet your questions to   
I'll be live on at 4 pm EST ; I want to hear from you.  
Download tweet questions to  ; join me at 4 pm EST.  
I want to hear from you. Join me on at 4 pm EST. Tweet questions to   
Let's chat. Tweet your questions to  ; join me on at 4 pm EST.  
Frank and I are excited to begin this journey and we look forward to seeing you on the trail!  
I'm in and I'm excited to hear from you on at 4 pm EST this afternoon. 
I am running for President. 
On the set of Tune in live.  
