Unfortunately our "experts" have been propagating the dangerous and misleading propaganda that young people are not at risk from the  Everyone, including young people, are at risk and can become seriously ill. Everyone needs to take this seriously.  
Good news! I intro'd a bill last week calling on federal govt to immediately begin UBI payments of $1,000+ a month. Now Dems ; Republicans, including President Trump ; Mnuchin, have all started speaking out in support of this direct cash payment to every American.  
Yes. This is exactly what my resolution (H.Res.897) calls for.  We need direct assistance for every American now.  People are being laid off, forced to take leave without pay, etc. This  would empower them to make best decisions for themselves ; their families. 
There are a number of reasons why primary elections should not be held at this time: It'll help spread deadly  disease.  Many of our seniors, being concerned about their health, won't go to the polls—i.e. senior votes will be suppressed.
Glad to see ; others joining my efforts (HRes 897) to implement an  of $1,000/month tax-free for every American adult during this crisis. With bipartisan support in the House and Senate, we can do this.   
 South Korea continues to show signs that its epidemic is abating, today reporting 74 new cases. Their massive testing…
 Wow!!! I've been asking and to do this for two years and they have never rep…
 This is a great idea. I’ll work on it.
 Lol
 Will they support my legislation to implement an  for every American to receive direct assistance through $1,000/mo for the duration of this crisis? The most simple, direct means to ensure people can take care of themselves ; loved ones 
John Knox is just one example of many Americans who are suffering due to failed leadership ; screwed up priorities -  trillions $$ wasted on regime change wars and the new cold war, instead of serving the urgent needs of the American people.
 South Korea is showing  can be beat with smart, aggressive public health. Their daily new cases declined again…
49% of voters say  But the political elite/corporate media are trying to erase my candidacy. They don’t want a debate on ending regime change wars, the new cold war ; nuclear arms race, and instead investing the trillions wasted on such wars into the American ppl. 
Home 🙏🏽 
 There is no better time than right now to show that our government is actually capable of doing something really big and…
Wanted to share something special from a visit I had to Maine about a month ago that captures the soul, power, and inspiration of what “made in America” means, and how Origin USA is changing the game. Thanks and Pete Roberts for making this happen!  
 You are somebody!! Thank you!
 A lot
 They are for surfaces
 Same to you!
Just boarded the plane to head back to Hawaii for a few days and everyone (including me) is using antibacterial wipes to diligently wipe down and clean all the touchable things. 
Just walked off the House floor where I voted to send the bipartisan  emergency funding bill to the Senate. They need to act quickly ; get this bill to the President so the American people can begin to see some relief. More must be done. This is a start. 
11:45 pm EST and here at the Capitol awaiting the debate and vote on the bipartisan Coronavirus emergency aid bill.
An agreement has been reached on the legislation.  We will be holding two rounds of votes later tonight to pass a direct emergency aid package for individual Americans.  It will then go to the Senate for action.   
 Many sick patients across the country are still unable to get tested for coronavirus describes being unable to ge…
He was told that because he doesn't have a fever, even though he's been exposed and is sick and has traveled to identified countries, he doesn't meet the criteria to get tested.  His elderly mother in law and 5 children live in his house and are at risk if he's positive.
 My friend is sick, has had contact with someone who tested positive for COVID-19.  He's at Urgent Care Hawaii to get tested ; was rejected, saying he doesn't meet the criteria. In the hour he's been there, three other sick people were turned away. Gov. Ige?? 
 Well said.
 Mic drop.
 Yes. I agree.
 This is a starting point.
 A huge percentage of Americans are freelance, independent contractors, and work in the gig economy. I’…
 It won’t help people who make less than $25k a year. It won’t help people who work in the gig economy. It won’t help people self employed or freelance independent contractors. This is why we need  now
Yesterday I introduced HRes 897 to provide an  for every American — the most simple, direct form of assistance to help weather this storm. As negotiations continue on the bipartisan aid package, let your Member of Congress know why this is so important.  
49% of voters say  
Unfortunately Congress just passed a bill allowing continuation of intel/law enforcement agencies to infringe on your civil liberties. Patriot Act ; Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) needed real reforms to prevent these constitutional abuses. Congress failed to do this 
Standing by for votes on a bipartisan emergency direct aid package for Americans most impacted by  outbreak. The Senate needs cancel their 10-day recess ; stay in session, pass emergency funding right away. Don't leave the American people behind. 
Had 8 a.m. briefing by etc -- many of us (Ds ; Rs) leaving frustrated that there were no specific answers about why the US is so far behind other countries in mass testing capabilities ; no timeline on when any American get tested for free. 
 THREAD: In U.S. we face two alternative but hard outlooks with  that we follow a path similar to South Korea…
I’m continuing to run for the same reason I originally began this race: to bring about a sea change in our longstanding foreign policy of carrying out regime change wars, end the new cold war ; nuclear arms race, and invest the trillions wasted in such wars into the American ppl. 
Early briefing on  from CDC, FDA, and other Federal agencies. Major issue still is testing! There’s not enough, criteria too narrow. These tests must be easily accessible, free, quick results and no bureaucracy/red tape to get the test! 
Trump just delivered an Oval Office address on  I agree with much of what the president proposed, however there are two things he did not address...    
Thanks for saying hi!! Welcome to Washington and congrats on all you’ve accomplished. 
 NEW: World Health Organization declares COVID-19 outbreak a global pandemic.
More briefings today on Armed Services committee (SOUTHCOM ; NOHCOM) and important votes coming to the House floor soon: Iran War Powers Resolution as well as Patriot Act/FISA reauthorization legislation.  Both have bipartisan support ; opposition. Full statements coming soon.
Just left a House Armed Services briefing by our military commanders responsible for the Middle East and Africa.  They spoke about operations on the ground, but the civilian decision-makers from DOD ; State Dept were not there, leaving a lot of questions left unanswered
As a former City Councilmember, it was great to join ; 2,000 local elected leaders today to discuss critical issues: affordable housing, investing in infrastructure (including broadband) ; skills-based training. Working side by side, we can accomplish anything! 
 "It is essential that there is a non-partisan approach to come up with the funding and dedicate that funding on a local…
 Great idea.
Here are some of the steps that need to be taken ASAP to slow the spread of the  and protect the health and wellbeing of the American people.  
 Yes.
Wishing a wonderful  to all who are celebrating this Festival of Colors here and around the world — a celebration of love, goodness, and renewal, and the triumph over divisiveness and negativity. 
New podcast up! On  I had a great conversation with -- an entrepreneur, bodybuilder, athlete, and CEO of GRRRL  -- about breaking through stereotypes, leading with aloha, criminal justice reform and more!   
 On this  I'm proud to support the last woman running for president, 
I’m grateful for the many incredible women in my life, especially my mom and sister, those I’ve had the honor of serving alongside, and others I’ve met along the way. You epitomize love, strength, and courage! ❤️ 
I remember 🙏🏽 thank you for everything! 
Looking at the co-main/main events at  tonight --  fighters from all over the world, coming together ; showcasing their athleticism, skill ; dedication. Sports is and has always been a powerful tool of diplomacy ; increasing understanding. Best wishes to all fighters! 
 
 ; a little constructive criticism: your administration still hasn’t stopped flights from South Korea ; Japan. Huge mistake. At the very least, every passenger should be tested for virus/cleared before boarding. We need common sense.  
To keep me off the stage, the DNC again arbitrarily changed the debate qualifications. Previously they changed the qualifications in the OPPOSITE direction so Bloomberg could debate. I ask that you stand w/ me against the DNC’s transparent effort to exclude me from the debates.
 I’m sure you would agree that our Democratic nominee should be a person who will stand up for what is right. So I ask that you have the courage to do that now in the face of the DNC's effort to keep me from participating in the debates. 
 Someone asked me what the qualifications for the next debate would be. I responded ‘whatever Tulsi has plus one.’
...of the American people? This is the question that the media has failed to ask. Lives will be unnecessarily lost because of the CDC/FDA's failure to protect the American people.  
South Korea has the ability to test  on-site with rapid accurate results. Why isn’t the Trump/Pence Administration importing these tests now to ensure the health and safety...
 No.
 No. It’s been delayed til May
 Supreme Court issues stay of execution for Alabama inmate Nathaniel Woods -  
 Please stay the execution of Nathaniel Woods immediately. He is about to be killed for a crime he didn't commit.  His sentencing was not unanimous ; the shooter has taken full responsibility. Justice must prevail. 
I welcome the opportunity to raise ; discuss the foreign policy challenges we face, like the new cold war/nuclear arms race, Turkey's efforts to drag the U.S. into a war with Russia over Syria, the coronavirus, ; more. Domestic policy cannot be separated from foreign policy. 
Unfortunately, Hinduphobia is very real. I've experienced it directly in each of my campaigns for Congress ; in this presidential race. Here's just one example of what Hindus face every day in our country. Sadly, our political leaders ; media not only tolerate it, but foment it. 
 With Sen. Elizabeth Warren’s departure from the race. Rep. is the last woman, person of color and veteran runni…
Good news — I just voted to pass emergency Coronavirus funding which passed with strong bipartisan support. It will provide $8.2B toward testing, masks, hygiene equipment for first responders, care providers, tele-health access and more.    
Good news — I just voted to pass emergency Coronavirus funding which passed with strong bipartisan support. It will provide $8.2B toward testing, masks, hygiene equipment for first responders, care providers, tele-health access and more.    
While the political pundits talk endlessly about the "horse race," they are not reporting the irresponsible, disgraceful, heartless way that ordinary Americans are being disrespected/uncared for around the country. 
In a couple hours we will be voting on the bipartisan supplemental funding bill to address Coronavirus. VP Pence has just come to brief House Democrats with an update on actions the Administration is taking.
 needs to make it clear to NATO and Erdogan that the United States will not be dragged into a war with Russia by the aggressive, Islamist, expansionist dictator of Turkey, a so-called NATO “ally.” ;  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Detroit, MI    
 I'm not quite sure why you're telling FOX viewers that Elizabeth Warren is the last female candidate in the Dem primary. Is it because you believe a fake indigenous woman of color is "real" and the real indigenous woman of color in this race is fake? 
 ; a little constructive criticism: your administration still hasn’t stopped flights from South Korea ; Japan. Huge mistake. At the very least, every passenger should be tested for virus/cleared before boarding. We need common sense.  
 I’m very sorry to hear of your resignation. Unfortunately you were 1 of the last—if not THE last—liberals on TV willing to criticize the neocon pro-war agenda. You always treated me w/ respect ; were never condescending. With aloha, sincerely wishing you the best 
Thank you for turning out last night, Texas!!   
 "Though I may disagree with on domestic politics, too, a vote for her is the clearest possible vote against…
New Episode! Check out my conversation with Dave Navarro (Jane’s Addiction) vía Skype on everything from election security, corruption and war.   
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Austin, TX    
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Austin, TX    
 Here is what the Media don't want you to see,a huge line of enthusiastic supporters all fired up outside of a ca…
 Tulsi Gabbard is now the only presidential candidate under 70 years old.
The most powerful AQ enclave in the world today is in Idlib, Syria. Yet Pompeo ; corporate media call these terrorists “rebels” ; want to protect them. Question to Trump ; all Dem Candidates: Do you want to protect AQ or defeat them? Voters have a right to know.  
 Remember this? 
 instead of going to war with Russia and Syria in order to protect the al-Qaeda-Turkish alliance, you should focus on the war against the Coronavirus.  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - San Francisco, CA    
 I believe you like to get rid of red tape. It’s time to break through bureaucracy of agencies like CDC ; FDA so anyone w/ symptoms can get tested for Coronavirus. These tests must immediately be made available at Dr.’s offices, hospitals, airports, schools, etc. 
 needs to make it clear to NATO and Erdogan that the United States will not be dragged into a war with Russia by the aggressive, Islamist, expansionist dictator of Turkey, a so-called “NATO” ally.  
 Got our asses out of bed. Count 4 votes for this morning from my house in SC. Easiest vote ever! Now... 
"Reckless claims by anonymous officials that Russia is 'helping' are deeply irresponsible. I am calling on all presidential candidates to condemn any interference in our elections by out-of-control intelligence agencies." Read more: 
 is a tragic legacy of John Bolton's reckless agenda. In 2018 he closed NSC's Global Health Security and forced out Rear Adm. Ziemer. Leaving the White House without a pandemic response team to act in a timely manner to protect our people.
The first responsibility of our leaders should be to protect the health, safety, ; security of the American people. This is why we’ve temporarily suspended flights from China, and must now do the same for Japan and S. Korea to prevent the spread of coronavirus 
Finally, over 100 years since the first anti-lynching bill was introduced in Congress, we stood together, Democrats and Republicans, to pass the Emmett Till Anti-lynching Act, designating lynching as a federal hate crime. 
Great questions at last night’s town hall in Virginia Beach. Team Tulsi 
 Procession escorts remains of fallen airman home 
Great conversation with this afternoon on many issues, including how to better serve our veterans, troops and military families! Heading to our town hall soon — starts at 6pm at Festival on 8th ; Atlantic Avenue, Virginia Beach.  
 A league of her own  becomes the 1st player in D-I history to reach 2K Pts, 1K Ast and 1K Reb ... and she…
As president, I’ll make sure government is able to negotiate lower drug prices for Medicare, refocus our nation’s health care on prevention and wellness, and end the pay to play culture in Washington that allows Big Pharma to corrupt politicians and rip off the American people. 
As a soldier of 17 years who served two tours of duty in the Middle East, I know the cost of war and the importance of taking care of our service men and women. When I’m president, every veteran who walks into a VA clinic will find a red carpet and 5-star customer service. 
Amazing aloha-filled welcome in Salt Lake City last night! Mahalo to all who came out to show support.  
Happy birthday to my one and only I love you so much and am grateful beyond words for you ❤️ 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Provo, UT    
 In my experience, yes. Getting past the initial hungry state, I find myself with even more energy.
 Love to! Been transitioning to a 20:4 IF schedule and doing more workouts while fasting
 I think you’re right
 What’s your take on fasted workouts?
If our leaders ; media want to protect our elections, not just score political points, first ; most important thing we must do is institute b/up paper ballots by passing my Securing America’s Elections Act so no one can manipulate our votes ; hack our elections.  
Anyone who is serious about protecting our elections from foreign interference should help me pass my Securing America's Elections Act:  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Salt Lake City, UT    
Voters need to be confident that our vote is what will decide the nomination process. The candidate with the most delegates at the end of the primary should be our nominee, even if he or she is short of the majority. 
Leaders need foresight. As I warned, those who demanded impeachment to advance their own political interests have put the country at risk by carelessly helping Trump, whose approval rating is the highest since he took office. 
If I’d been on the debate, I’d have brought up 2 extremely important issues which ; other candidates failed to address.  Coronavirus: a huge health ; economic threat to our country/world.  Critical time-sensitive foreign policy crises on the verge of erupting.
I just had a chance to look at Wednesday night’s debate. It reminded me of a cage fight. But they come across not quite as authentic or honest as the martial artists. And UFC fights aren’t rigged.
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Boulder, CO    
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Boulder, CO    
I’ve been a soldier for 17 years ; deployed twice to the Middle East. As president, I will focus our military on national security threats we face ; work to end the new cold war ; regime change wars which have not made us any safer ; waste precious resources.  
 I think tonight’s debate winner:
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Colorado Springs, CO    
Politicians say there’s no money for health care or education or clean water, yet spend trillions on regime change wars ; new cold war—making our families not more safe but less safe! As president, my first responsibility will always be protecting ; serving the American people. 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Richmond, VA    
As president I’ll protect social security by ( ensuring no one “raids” the social security fund to pay for other things within government, and ( eliminate the cap so the wealthiest Americans pay their fair share into social security.  
Tomorrow we will be at Epicure Cafe at 11104 Lee Hwy in Fairfax at noon! 
Inspiring and timeless call to action from President JFK on this  “And so, my fellow Americans: ask not what your country can do for you — ask what you can do for your country.”
Throughout this campaign, I’ve met incredible people from across our country who’ve shared their stories — challenges, struggles, hopes and dreams. Check out the first episode of my podcast to hear the incredible story of Molly ; Ben.  
 Stayed with friends!
 Coming to Colorado Springs on wednesday, Boulder on Thursday
 Drive safely! Hope the car holds up
 pssst, I am early voting for you tomorrow in the great state of Texas!
Good morning! ☀️ Maine has been amazing. We are off to Virginia with a “sold-out” event in Fairfax tonight. Have a wonderful day!!   
While politicians insist we waste billions propping up a corrupt govt in Afghanistan, they say we don’t have the money for education, clean water, or health care here at home. As president I’ll end these wasteful regime change wars ; new cold war and invest in the American people 
 Welcome and thank you!
 Safety first.
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Hallowell, ME    
My message is not one of hate for Trump or hate for the other political party or any form of division. I’m calling for a coalition based on love of country and respect for one another. Working side-by-side, we can usher in a bright future for all Americans.  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Portland, ME    
They say "no money for teacher’s raises," "no money for the opioid crisis," "no money for healthcare." Yet we waste billions every month on wasteful wars that have not made us any safer. It’s time we invest in the American people, our families and our future.  
This  we're sending the warmongering political establishment a powerful message: Love is greater than war. We’re standing up for peace. Love for our country, our people ; our planet has inspired me to live a life defined by service. Join us &gt; 
   miss this town hall with tomorrow @ Luther Bonney Hall85 Bedford St, Portland, Ma…
 Your food is so delicious, and you are amazing.  Thank you for feeding everyone!!
 ❤️ Wishing you a happy Valentine’s Day
Countless global problems can only be addressed when we work with other countries. This is another reason why our country ; our world cannot afford another cold war ; nuclear arms race, ; must instead seek win-win solutions. Otherwise we all lose.   
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Virtual Roundtable with Dave Navarro    
 AAPI voters have consistently proven to be the swing vote in many key states, and yet are too often ignored, forgotten, or taken for granted as a monolithic voting demographic. Not true. AAPI are diverse ; have unique experiences that inform the issues we are concerned about.
 Thanks for hosting!
 To name a few - we must address increasing tuition costs, protect students from predatory lenders, allow student debt to qualify for bankruptcy, expand access to community college/vocational training/apprenticeships ; maximize technology to reduce cost of education. 
 I will work with Congress to pass sensible gun safety legislation like closing the Charleston loophole ; universal mandatory background checks, and upholding the 2nd Amendment. We can do this when we stand together, as Americans, to ensure the safety of all Americans. 
 AAPI families continue to struggle with family separation ; other challenges due to heavy backlogs in our broken legal immigration system. We need comprehensive immigration reform and a humane system that actually works to support families, our economy ; our country. 
 Government services must be available to all Americans, including those who may have a language barrier. As we do in my multicultural home state of Hawaii, accurate demographic data allows us to provide multi-lingual translations to serve the needs of our communities. 
 We need to improve the data collected through the census to ensure it more accurately captures our population, and to better understand the challenges and needs of our people so we can enact reforms to ensure a bright future for ALL Americans. 
 Asian Americans, Pacific Islanders, and Native Hawaiians have very different needs and concerns within their own communities. We need to change and improve the way that data is collected to represent their unique challenges.
 As an Asian/Polynesian/Caucasian woman, I bring the voices of NHPI leaders to the Presidency to ensure we stand together to address the inequities that still exist. Indigenous voices in this country will be heard ; will have a seat at the table in my Administration. 
 I will continue my work in Congress where NHPI issues have been a major focus throughout my 7 years there, passing legislation like the Native Hawaiian Education Reauthorization Act ; others to address housing needs, support for Native Hawaiian owned businesses, and more. (1/2)
 I represent the most diverse district in Congress, made up of an AAPI majority population. As the only AAPI candidate running for President, I will continue to lift their voices ; unique concerns impacting AAPI ; ensure they are represented in my Administration. 
We’re joining the  Twitter Town Hall TODAY in just a few minutes. Join the conversation using  
 Thank you Andy!
We’ll save trillions by ending our longstanding foreign policy of carrying out regime change wars ; escalating new cold war ; nuclear arms race. These $ should be kept in our pockets/invested in needs of our people—like healthcare, environmental protection, infrastructure ; more. 
 Thank you 🙏🏽
To our many  friends, I hope that you will join our campaign to invest in the American people, instead of regime change wars, military adventurism and a new cold war and nuclear arms race.  (3/3)
I'll continue to carry this torch of Universal Basic Income that will re-invigorate our middle class and those struggling just to make ends meet, bridge the income gap and unleash an era of entrepreneurship and productivity. (2/3)
 I’ve so enjoyed getting to know you ; am grateful for our friendship. You brought energy ; creative ideas that inspired so many! I know you’ll continue working for positive change in our nation as we work together toward a bright future for all Americans. (1/3) 
My deepest thanks goes out to all of our incredible supporters in New Hampshire and across the country! I am so grateful to you all. About to lay my head down here in Charleston, get a few hours sleep ; then continue sharing the message of our campaign in SC and beyond!
Just left Hollis and headed to Nashua go meet voters until the last polls close!!  
 Yes
 Well done. Thank you so much!!!
 I just proudly voted for in NH! Please vote for Tulsi fellow Granite Staters! She is exactly who we need as…
It’s  here in New Hampshire and we are working across the state to get out the vote. Thanks so much to all of our supporters for your contributions and hard work!!    
We need a nominee who can stand up to Trump. I have proven that I can do that. He will not be able to rattle me.  
We’re exactly $53,866 away from hitting our $1.5mil target! Can we count on you to close this gap by midnight?  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Manchester, NH    
 “We need a nominee who will stand up to Trump, and I’ve proven that I can do that. He’s not going to rattle me.
 I agree
 ❤️❤️❤️
“Tulsi's strength of purpose, courage of conviction have our vote on Tuesday.”   
Voters want a new generation of leadership with a fresh perspective. But they also want a leader with the experience to serve as commander-in-chief on day one, and experience working with Congress across party lines. I offer both.   
We set an ambitious goal of $1.5M before the New Hampshire election. Now we're only $100,000 away from reaching our goal! Please donate what you can and share with your friends ; 
 And yet in your quote you erase the first female combat veteran and the only woman of color still running for President.
 Thanks for clarifying. The question came from a veteran who was asking about the general idea of a third party created by veterans.
 Standing room only at town hall in Portsmouth N.H.  
The American people want a new generation of leadership and a fresh approach to the challenges we face. But they also want someone with experience to be commander in chief and work with Congress across partisan lines. I am that person because I have both.  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Concord, NH    
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Concord, NH    
 This is false. This is why people don’t trust the “news”
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Portsmouth, NH    
Voters deserve the peace of mind that our primary elections are fair, transparent, and impartial. Unfortunately, their trust has been broken. As Chair, must accept responsibility and resign now. Add your name: 
Thank you to our incredible supporters!  
 PLEASE DONATE TO HELP US RIDE PUR MOMENTUM ALL THE WAY TO VICTORY! Donate✅:  
 I’ve wanted to do this since 2016..  
 Closing out this incredible night here in Manchester is Congresswoman 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼  
 Tireless!!! You guys are amazing!
"The only person that Trump should fear on the debate stage is Tulsi Gabbard." Watch the full interview with here:   
We’re exactly $158,410 away from reaching our $1.5 million goal and it’s up to all of us — right now — to once again go all-in and make New Hampshire our best showing yet. Can you chip-in for our first-of-the-nation final push? ; 
 was brilliant in this fight. Truly masterful.
Congratulations  
 A standing room only crowd came out on a Saturday night to hear Tulsi out. More people are streaming in too! 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Rochester, NH    
 The sign waving team, bearing the sub freezing temps.🥶 Voters see our  commitment for the best presidential candidate ever,
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Somersworth, NH    
 You are everywhere!! Thank you so much Eileen!
 A first: One of the professional activists you see in NH (an Alzheimer’s research one this time) starts filming Gabbard, so…
Thank you Donna!!! 🙏🏽 
 Awe, just got off the phone with Tulsi. We're so excited to get an amazing turn out here in NH!   
Serving in Iraq my fellow soldiers ; I had each other’s back ; worked side-by-side. My personal commitment to you is that I'll always have your back ; treat you with respect. When we as Americans work side-by-side we can accomplish anything   
 Are you kidding me?? And no one standing there challenged that??
 Here's some simple ways to help TR:✓ Volunteer          ✓ Donate 
To Rush Limbaugh: I and my family send our love and best wishes to you and your loved ones at this difficult moment in your life. May your hearts and minds be filled with and strengthened by God's love.
 New  episode featuring dropping soon.    
 Most I’ve done is a half-marathon
 Deal.
 Yes it does. I’ve done it a few times
 Far from it!
 Love you back.
 I do. Very much.
 Never ever experienced that.
 Amen to that.
Confession ... I do not love to run. I do it because I have to pass an Army PT test. But yesterday we joined 650 people in Manchester for a 5k run to raise awareness ; funds for to help those recovering from opioid addiction. It was cold but fun!  
We made our ambitious $1M goal for January ; with your help we can make $1.5M by NH election day and stay competitive in the final stretch! This is your hard-earned money and our hard-won movement. We are here because of you. Thank you. 
 Our next fundraising push has to be the biggest EVER. We honestly cannot afford anything less. Right now we’re coming up…
Stand up and be heard!   
This  we remember that the promise of America — for freedom, opportunity and true equality for all — has not always been a reality for many, and it is a blessing, not a burden, when we can work together to make good on that promise for every single American.
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Rethinking Marijuana Roundtable - Concord, NH    
 I love this place.
To our amazing supporters ... Thank you 🙏🏽 You did it. We hit our fundraising goal for January! Your contributions are making it possible to get our message directly to voters before Election Day. 10 days til NH. Let’s go!   
To defeat Trump in 2020, we need to understand why he won in 2016. As long as Dem Party leaders dismiss and disrespect those who voted for Trump, we will lose. As president I will bridge the partisan divide ; work side-by-side with all Americans to get things done  
Billionaire Bloomberg just bought the  
"There's no plausible explanation for [CNN] slighting a candidate quite as bizarrely, and blatantly, as this." 
I cast my vote on two important bills yesterday. I voted to repeal the 2002 Authorization for the Use of Military Force in Iraq. And I voted for and co-sponsored the No War with Iran Act.   
“Join me in calling on to allow New Hampshire voters to hear the unique perspective of the first female combat veteran to ever run for the presidency." - Kirk Hoppe, USN (Ret.)  
 Amazing. Thank them for me!
 Puerto Rico has a total of 51 delegates in the Democratic Primary. Guess who was the only individual to travel there to pr…
 Please imagine how distraught everyone in DC will be if a book blurbed by is the top political book in the c…
14 states have no paper ballot record of your vote. This is the Achilles heel of our elections process. I’ve introduced the Securing America’s Elections Act to ensure every state has a paper trail, and you have the peace of mind knowing your vote counts  
 Sending you prayers and aloha 🙏🏽 We’ve got your six.
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - North Conway, NH    
 2020 Watch-Now:  covers  as the Democratic presidential candidate takes to the slopes…
 Do it!
As a soldier and member of Congress, my mission has always been to serve the interests of the American people. As president, I will stand strong in my mission to serve you, and will never bow to the foreign policy establishment and powerful elite.  
 So awesome.
I visited Auschwitz in 2005, walked through the gas chambers, saw piles of eye glasses ; shoes of those slaughtered there. Their memory must live on. As anti-Semitic attacks are on the rise, we must stand against hate ; bigotry.  
 Only in NH. Just met a lady who had never heard of Tulsi before today, when her coworkers at the local hospital mentioned her.…
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Meredith, NH    
 Beautiful and perfectly said. Thank you for this important reminder. 🙏🏽
Health care in America is expensive because it’s focused on disease treatment rather than prevention. That’s where the 💰💰 are for big pharma/insurance. There needs to be more focus on disease prevention, nutrition, and helping people be healthy   
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Plymouth, NH    
Such a tragic and heartbreaking loss. My prayers are with Kobe Bryant's wife Vanessa and their family, and the families of those killed in the helicopter crash today.  Kobe's legacy will live on through the many lives he inspired through his own.   
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Claremont, NH    
 Thank you so much for your support and your vote. Aloha!
…to the country I love, Hillary is taking something more precious to me than life itself.  
I've dedicated my entire adult life to protecting the safety, security, and freedom of the American people—both as a war veteran and congresswoman serving on the Armed Services, Homeland Security, and Foreign Affairs Committees. By smearing me as a traitor… 
 This isn’t just about silencing They’re silencing all of us. They’re scared of what we represent; an end…
 I am a father of five, husband to an amazing wife, retired Airman, and a college student - and I endorse
 I am an American mom of 7 and I endorse
 I love this. Thank you!
We need your help — with only 17 days left, we're less than half way to our goal. You can get us back on track! Donate $5 now and share with 5 friends!  
 Thank you so much Matt!!
Happy Chinese New Year! Xin nian kuai le! Happy Lunar New Year! May you be blessed with love, true happiness, and real prosperity.  
Thank you so much! 🙏🏽 
17 days til Election Day! Wonderful night in Andover, NH last night. Thanks to all who came out to The Barn, and to Pecco, Gail and Mario for hosting us!  
I love our country. I’ve served as a soldier for nearly 17 years, deployed twice to the Middle East, ; served in Congress for over 7 years. If Hillary ; allies can destroy my reputation by portraying me as a traitor to the country I love, they can do it to anyone.  
 Sitting on the floor of my apt. Numbering the petition sheets to get Tulsi on the ballot in NYS. You can’t get much more gr…
…is that on the first day of my presidency, I will contact the leaders of China and Russia to set up a summit to end the new cold war and nuclear arms race, which will inevitably result in a nuclear holocaust.
 It's time to wake up! As president and commander-in-chief, my foremost responsibility will be to protect the lives, safety and freedom of the American people -- and that means preventing a nuclear holocaust. My personal commitment to you… 
 - It’s time to move back from the abyss. It’s time to end the new cold war and nuclear arms race before it’s too late.  
 My personal commitment to you is that on the first day of my presidency, I will contact the leaders of China and Russia to set up a summit to end the new cold war and nuclear arms race, which will inevitably result in a nuclear holocaust.  
I love our country. I’ve served as a soldier for nearly 17 years, deployed twice to the Middle East, and served in Congress for over 7 years. If Hillary ; allies can destroy my reputation by implying I am a traitor to the country I love, they can do it to anyone.  
So grateful to have joined in Columbia for a truly special celebration of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr's life and legacy of peace, love, and justice. The work is not over.  It's up to us to carry on his legacy today.   
My statement on defamation lawsuit against Hillary Clinton.   
For years, has exposed abuses at the highest levels of government and his investigative journalism deserves our support. If we allow the powerful to silence such journalists, our democracy and freedom is in peril. 
 Thank you!!
 There is 216-225k of us and counting. If just 20,000 of us put up $50 now we can finish the $1.5m goal TODAY. We've fa…
A house divided cannot stand. We must work side-by-side as Americans. Yes I’m committed to defeating Donald Trump, but beyond that, we need to get to the heart of how our government has for too long been serving the interests of the powerful elite rather than the American people. 
 Nope
 Our friend captured this one
Ending my day with my best friend ❤️  
Halfway through the deadline and only a third of the way to our goal. Help spread the word and pitch in to get us back on track!  
 "This isn't high school." In interview with reacts to "nobody likes him" dig vs.…
I like Bernie. 
Many thanks to organizers who worked so hard for today’s  event, pouring your love, time and energy into this celebration! Your spirit of service — to God and the people — continues to be at the heart of the NAACP. So grateful to stand with you! 
 “We must proceed from a place of love for all of God’s children,” says pledging to be a president who woul…
 Prayer service at Zion Baptist Church.   
I experienced early on I was happiest working for the well-being of others and the planet. It’s why I ran for/was elected to the Hawaii state legislature, why I enlisted and volunteered to deploy to Iraq, why I’ve served 7 years in Congress, and why I’m now running for president. 
My heart is with the Enriquez ; Kalama families, and their fellow officers, in the wake of this tragic shooting. They responded to a call for help, and paid the ultimate price. To the first responders still at the scene working to protect others from harm, thank you and be safe. 
Do you want to shred it up on the slopes with Tulsi before New Hampshire's primary election day? Chip in now for a chance to win our first and only Snowboard Trip with Tulsi! Flights and accommodation included ; 
🙏🏽 Thank you ! 
 🤜🏽
 Really??
 I hope this is how it goes down
 Maybe Yardhouse?
 Yes! Campaigning in N.H.
  all the way!
 Cowboy
 Cowboy
 Ha! Definitely not in the octagon
 I don’t know, but that will be an awesome fight!
 My guess is it could affect him. But he looks strong.
 There’s always one.
 I’m in for Cowboy
 Aw that’s a good one, sir
 These are skilled athletes and professional fighters. I respect all that goes into this sport.
 You chose right :)
 Very nice explanation. Cowboy has the experience to outsmart Conor
 It will definitely be tough
 Yep, he is.
 🤜🏽
 Yes. Try to knock them out first thing in the morning
 True. Cowboy has more experience by far. We will see.
 Both of them, tough fighters! So good.
 I am. All the way
 Class act Much respect
 Let’s go 
 YES. Couldn’t agree more.
Back when fought Hawaii’s and won, he and his family showed nothing but respect, kindness, aloha for Yancy.  I’m with  all the way.  
Our next fundraising push has to be the biggest EVER. We honestly cannot afford anything less. Right now we’re coming up way short of our $1.5 million dollar goal, but you can help change that today. Can you rush a donation right now?  
 They more heavily promoting Conor than Cowboy
 I really want Cowboy to take this home but I think it’s going to be a really good, tough fight. Close call
To all the  fans out there ... Big fight tonight. Who’s it going to be?
The EPA's mission is to protect our environment ; people. But Trump's EPA cares more about keeping Big Ag happy than keeping us safe - announcing it won't ban or even monitor the use of Atrazine, a pesticide banned in the EU, needlessly putting Americans at risk 
As president I'll work to establish a healthcare system focused not on delivering profits but on ensuring that every American has quality healthcare. You have my personal commitment that big insurance and big pharma will not have a seat at the policy-making table.  
 you know!
I got challenged to a fun push-up contest at my town hall yesterday! 
 So did I.
 One of those memorable New Hampshire Primary moments: challenged to a push-up contest at a Manchester Town Hall…
Politicians who say there isn’t enough money to pay for health care or education or infrastructure have been lying to us about “progress” in the war in Afghanistan when they knew/know it is unwinnable—lying to justify spending $4 billion a month for 18 years and counting. 
I’m so sorry I missed you. Thank you so much for your incredible support! 
We need a president with foresight. We need Tulsi. —TULSI2020   
Unfortunately, the candidate who is best positioned to defeat Donald Trump will not even be on the  stage tonight — thanks to the DNC and biased corporate media. —TULSI2020 
However, she is now speaking on the crucial topic of Iran, Iraq, and Syria right now. Tune in:   
Unfortunately, the candidate who is most qualified and ready to be commander in chief, to protect the safety and security of the American people, will not even be on the  stage tonight — thanks to the DNC and biased corporate media. —TULSI2020 
 talks IRAN with Guests Steven Kinzer ; Dennis Kucinich - Intro by Kim Iversen   
 Congrats! Well deserved.
I say what I mean, and I mean what I say. I speak the truth regardless of who it offends. I don’t care about the popularity contest Washington revolves around. I’m here to serve the American people ; I remember that every day. The truth wins, ; it scares those who traffic in lies 
 True. Elaine has all the moves.
 Travel well, my friend. Be safe out there.
 My thoughts exactly.
I also met with before announcing my candidacy. We had a nice one-on-one conversation and I informed him that I would be running for President. In that meeting, he showed me the greatest respect and encouragement, just as he always has.
 Happy 45th, my friend!
 To my friend and fellow vegan ... thank you for the positive message you brought to this campaign, and your advocacy for taking action to protect our planet. Sending you well wishes and aloha!
If you really want to know what's going on in Iraq, Syria and Iran and what to do about it, catch this can't-miss livestream with Tulsi, and Lawrence Tuesday at 6pm EST! — 
Thank you, South Carolina. See you again soon! Yesterday was all about church ; it was amazing. Each community a little different, but all filled with love ; joy. Coming as strangers, leaving as family, worshipping together, celebrating God’s unconditional love.  
I got to spend the day in church in South Carolina yesterday. Each community and church a little different, but all filled with love and joy. Coming as strangers, but immediately becoming family as we worshipped together, celebrating God’s unconditional love. 
Trump disgraces our military by using our men ; women in uniform as mercenaries serving the interests of multinational corps (e.g Exxon) ; foreign countries (e.g Saudis). We must stand side by side—no matter our political party—to end this travesty   
 Looking forward to joining  in New Hampshire on Tuesday evening to talk about US Foreign Policy re 
Pompeo: The attack was imminent, but "we didn't know when and we didn't know where." Well, if you don’t know when and if you don’t know where, that is not "imminent".  
When the bullets start flying and the bombs start dropping, terrible things can happen that no one has planned for. This is one of the great tragedies of war. Unintended consequences and so-called "collateral damage."   
Another earthquake. The people of Puerto Rico need help and support now. We are spending $5.5M every hour in Afghanistan — we should be spending those $$ to help our fellow Americans in need.  
Thank you Team Tulsi in Boston!  
 Haha apology accepted! At least retroactively
  now ; January 17, I will match any donations made to  up to a total of $…
 BREAKING: Preliminary 6.0 magnitude it was we just felt in Puerto Rico. It was centered south of Guanica, off shore. It w…
War with Iran would make the Iraq and Afghanistan wars seem like a picnic.   
My heartfelt condolences ; love to the families of victims of plane “crash” in Iran. One of the great tragedies of war are unintended consequences ; so-called "collateral damage." Once hostilities begin things quickly get out of control ; no one knows where it may end 
I joined Chuck Rosa for a frigid early morning plunge in the Atlantic to stand in solidarity with the victims and survivors of the opioid epidemic. Chuck and his family are so inspiring with their incredible work to help prevent substance abuse.  
  at Good Morning America!     
 Beautiful. Thank you so much!
 The feeling is mutual.  So grateful for your friendship!
When I went to Puerto Rico a few months ago to join the people's protest against corruption, I met many people still trying to recover from the hurricanes. And now earthquakes. Join me.  Here are 5 ways you can help:   
 Marianne Williamson, my deepest respect and aloha to you and all who have been supporting you. I'll always treasure our friendship. May God's love and blessings always be upon you.  Mahalo! Aloha.
When we put our troops in harm’s way it’s critical there’s a clear objective that actually serves our country's national security interests. Our troops in Iraq and Syria are being put in unnecessary risk, in a quagmire with no clear mission…   
 🤙🏽
 $$$$
LIVE STREAM: Just voted on the War Powers Resolution to stop the war against Iran without Congressional authorization. Watch: 
 deserve credit for having the courage to do the right thing today. We need more courage on both sides of the aisle, putting our country, our Constitution ; the American people first 
Thank you to the courageous men and women who have sincerely dedicated their lives to protect and serve our communities.    
Trump’s war with Iran is undermining our national security and putting all Americans in greater danger. Iran is closer now to a nuclear weapon than ever before. And it’s opening the door to resurgence of ISIS/al-Qaeda.   
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Join a conversation with Tulsi ; Kim - Washington, DC    
 Right back at you, Brian!
 Do it!! always brings a whole lot of love, light, and hope wherever she goes
Politicians ; pundits talk tough on TV pushing for Iran War. But most have no idea what it means to serve in harm's way, nor do they understand what military moms, dads, husbands, wives, ; children go thru as their loved one is sent overseas    
 No War With Iran.
I ask all Americans to stand with me in offering our prayers and hopes for our troops and their families that there are no casualties in the  today.  
 on U.S. troops today brought back a flood of memories from my 2005 deployment at the height of Iraq war. Constant rocket attacks. A daily reminder of the terrible cost of war. Unimaginable suffering awaits if this escalation continues.   
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Tilton-Northfield, NH    
Join Tulsi Gabbard LIVE now!
As someone who understands the situation in Iraq and Syria, I can tell you that if we do not get our troops out of Iraq and Syria now, we will be dragged deeper and deeper into a quagmire and war that will make the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan look like a picnic.  
*Please note the location has changed for this event to accommodate more attendees. The new venue is next door at the Merrimack Valley Railroad Function Hall. We look forward to seeing you there! ~Team Tulsi 
 🙏🏽
War with Iran would make Iraq/Afghanistan wars seem like a picnic.   
 The Pentagon is sending more than 3,000 additional soldiers to the Middle East to protect against any revenge attacks f…
 Yesterday at event a young girl asked several questions including if she could help volunteer. Gabbard said y…
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Enfield, NH    
Join Tulsi Gabbard LIVE now!
Pompeo keeps saying: "The world is safer as a result of the bold action President Trump took." It is not. It undermines our national security, strengthening AQ ; ISIS. We must demand with one voice: bring our troops home from Iraq ; Syria now.   
 Exactly.
 Congrats!
 This actually just happened. This is not fake. Click the link to confirm for yourself. CNBC screwed up the photos for bot…
Anya and Arya. Hope for our future! These two incredible, brave, smart young ladies came to my town hall in Hanover tonight ; joined in the conversation, asking some really important questions. So awesome and inspiring to witness and to be a part of! I am hopeful. ❤️ 
The US-led joint task force against ISIS has suspended operations against that terror group. Their resources and forces are having to get into a defensive posture because of this situation w/ Iran. This is exactly what Saudi Arabia wanted, and this is what al-Qaeda ; ISIS want… 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Hanover, NH    
Join Tulsi Gabbard LIVE now!
No War With Iran. Get our troops out of Iraq and Syria now.    
You have my personal commitment that as president I will not be bullied by the foreign policy establishment that has been perpetuating regime change wars, a new cold war ; arms race. Instead of investing trillions on such wars, we must invest in the needs of the American people. 
We need to get out of Iraq and Syria now. That is the only way that we're going to prevent ourselves from being dragged into this quagmire, deeper and deeper into a war with Iran.   
On the road ... Hudson, New Hampshire!  
Bolton ; Petraeus (the instigators/architects of our regime change wars) ; other neocons are praising Trump actions against Iran in Iraq. That says a lot abt Trump’s Iraq/Iran/Syria foreign policy—; it’s opposite of what many Trump voters voted for.   
Join Tulsi Gabbard LIVE now!
 So smart. Thank you!
 Also not true.
 There is none. Ill say it again for the people in the back. There is no connection.
We need to get American forces out of Iraq ; Syria now. How many more American lives, how many more trillions of dollars will be wasted before we exit? It could be now, or it could be 10 or 20 years from now, but there is no American victory.   
 Reminder.Prior to becoming Secretary of Defense, Mark Esper was a lobbyist for Raytheon, a major US defense contractor.
End  now. Remove our troops from Iraq and Syria.
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Warner, NH    
Join Tulsi Gabbard LIVE now!
“We do not seek regime change” Trump declares as he escalates his regime change war against Iran. Neocons like Graham/Bolton are cheering. To all who voted for Trump bc of his antiwar rhetoric, it’s time to realize he lied to u. Stand with me against Trump’s Iran War! 
We need to get out of Iraq and Syria now. That is the only way that we're going to prevent ourselves from being dragged into this quagmire, deeper and deeper into a war with Iran.    
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Epsom, NH    
Join Tulsi Gabbard LIVE now!
I joined Chuck Rosa for a frigid early morning plunge in the Atlantic to stand in solidarity with the victims and survivors of the opioid epidemic. Chuck and his family are so inspiring with their incredible work to help prevent substance abuse. 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Barrington, NH    
Join Tulsi Gabbard LIVE now!
 This is beautiful.
A democracy can only be strong if we the people are informed, involved, and working side-by-side. I will be your voice, taking the power back from the self-serving corrupt politicians, and usher in a new era of peace and national security, human dignity, and true equality. 
…to Saudi/AQ and will provide the experience ; sober, thoughtful, strategic leadership to the job of commander-in-chief that our country so badly needs.
…being besieged and undermined our relationship with the Iraqi government and people. Serving the interests of Saudi Arabia and Jihadists like AQ, Trump is taking us deeper and deeper into mid-east quagmire. As president, I will end our servitude…
The problems created by Trump’s impulsive, erratic military action/foreign policy are again on display, this time in Iraq. Trump’s military strike against Iranian militia was impulsive, short-sighted, and lacked strategic purpose. It has led to our embassy…
Less than 12 hours before we start a new decade! This will be our best fundraising quarter of the campaign. Let's continue the momentum and start the new year with a big ad buy in the early states. Pitch in now to help crush our end-of-year $1M goal -&gt; 
 No.
  $20.20 donation today for  
To defeat Donald Trump in 2020, we need to understand why he won in 2016. As long as Democrat party leaders dismiss and disrespect those who voted for Trump, we will lose. As president I will bridge the partisan divide and work side-by-side with all Americans to get things done. 
In 2020, we will have a new president in the White House. How many of you do NOT want that to be Donald Trump? I certainly don't. Unfortunately, the House impeachment of the president has greatly increased the likelihood Trump will remain the president for the next 5 years … 
We are so close 🔥 We’ve got 36 hours before 2020 begins. Help us blow past our $1M end of year goal! Let’s raise $100k before midnight tomorrow so we can increase our ad buy! This is your campaign, your future. Invest in it. Give $5 or more. ; 
You’re hearing a lot from different candidates about plans. But the reality is, as president you can’t snap your fingers ; say “my plan is now law.” It’s not how things work. You must be able to work w/ Congress—; you can’t succeed in Congress if you don’t treat people w/ respect 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Salem, NH    
Join Tulsi Gabbard LIVE now!
Anti-Semitism has no place in America, yet unfortunately as last night's attack on a synagogue in Monsey showed, anti-Semitism is on the rise here and around the world. It must be confronted and defeated. We are all equal in the eyes of God.
 We need $110,000 over the next 4 days to finish the year strong and share Tulsi's message directly with voters with some…
Too many of our leaders put personal/partisan interests above the interests of the people. If Dems are for something, Republicans are automatically against it ; vice versa. As president my personal commitment to you is to always base decisions on what’s best for the American ppl. 
It’s great to be back in New Hampshire! We spent yesterday in Nashua and Hollis, and had an amazing day. Check it out!    
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Hudson, NH    
Join Tulsi Gabbard LIVE now!
 You are a crazy man and so awesome all at the same time.
Repost from Christmas Eve: While we celebrated the birth of Jesus Christ, the Prince of Peace, Congress ; Trump passed a $738B war budget, instead of providing for the health, safety, prosperity ; well-being of the American people ; our planet. Stand with me to end this insanity. 
We need $110,000 over the next 4 days to finish the year strong and share Tulsi's message directly with voters with some crucial ad buys! We can do this! Donate now ;   
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Hollis, NH    
Join Tulsi Gabbard LIVE now!
🙏🏽 Our prayers are with these seven souls and the many who are out searching for them. 
We need to be willing to listen to people who we may not agree with on everything. And who knows? If we listen and respect without pre-judgment, we may actually find common ground and work together for the interests of the American people.  
Tulsi is working hard every day fighting for us. Let’s stand up for her! Can you help us raise $150,000 before New Years? 5 days left! Please share with your friends and donate now ; 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi House Party - Amherst, NH    
Join Tulsi Gabbard LIVE now!
We closed out last night with some family fun and singing Christmas carols to our neighbors. Hope you all had a wonderful Christmas! Now it’s  and we are on a plane, off to New Hampshire! Aloha! 
 Wow! We have raised a total of $436 through our Christmas Challenge! This is what a grassroots movement looks like! 🌺
 🤜🏽
 Merry Christmas, Niko!
So much fun doing some impromptu Christmas caroling to a few of our neighbors last night!  
 Thank you for your support. Merry Christmas!
 I won’t.
 Will you apologize when I don’t?
 Except it’s not.
 Pretty much it.
 Exactly. It’s because they’re not interested in fact.
Merry Christmas everyone! 
 Yes!!! Merry Christmas
 Merry Christmas Annie! So you happy it brought you warmth and a smile. You are never alone. God’s love surrounds you wherever you are!
 There’s a health food store here and just saw Stacks has vegan waffles and pancakes
 Of course!
 Thank you!! 🙏🏽
 Yes
 She’s adorable! Merry Christmas!
[🎵Re-posting with subtitles🎵] On the road ... Christmas Eve in South Carolina! Join us for this special song of peace and love as we celebrate the birth of the Jesus Christ. Merry Christmas everyone!  
On the road ... Christmas Eve in South Carolina! Join us for this special song of peace and love as we celebrate the birth of the Jesus Christ. Merry Christmas!  
Even as we celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ, the Prince of Peace, Congress ; Trump just passed a $738B war budget, instead of providing for the health, safety, prosperity ; wellbeing of the American people ; our planet.  Stand with me to end this insanity.  
❤️❤️❤️ I love you too!!! 
The pledge of allegiance describes America as one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Divided by partisan rancor and disrespect, we will fall. As president I’ll restore to the White House these principles of integrity and respect for all Americans. 
Hanukkah Sameach! Wishing everyone celebrating with their families tonight a Happy 
 I look forward to it.
Unlike Trump, as president I’ll always act in the best interests of middle-class Americans, ensuring your family has the peace of mind being safe and secure. Working side-by-side, we can usher in the bright future of peace, human dignity, and genuine equality that you deserve. 
2,400 Americans ; countless Afghans have been killed in Afghanistan War that our leaders have known for 18 yrs is unwinnable. They’ve lied about progress in that war to get the $4bn/month it costs. My new bill calls for congressional investigation. It's time for accountability. 
It’s been a crazy few days. We are getting close! Help us hit Tulsi's $1M fundraising goal! Contribute now to keep us on track. We need $300,000 over the next 10 days to keep the momentum going. Mahalo! ;  
 If you’re a fan of logic and discourse, PLEASE listen to the Pocast with ; agenda…
 Not me.
 The serious question in life I have failed to ponder. Until now. Thank you
As president, I’ll invest the trillions wasted on regime change wars, new cold war and nuclear arms race into winning the ‘wars’ at home — fighting for quality affordable healthcare, environmental protection, and increasing the quality of life for all Americans.  
President Trump should do the right thing and apologize to for his hurtful and offensive comments regarding Rep Debbie Dingell's late husband. Trump needs to put aside his political compass and do the right thing as a human being.
Help Tulsi raise $1M by December 31st to stay competitive and keep up the momentum. Please donate and share with your friends ;  
 Aloha 🙏🏽
My ‘present’ vote was an active protest against the zero-sum game the two opposing political sides have trapped America in. My vote and campaign is about freeing our country from this damaging mindset so we can work side-by-side to usher in a bright future for all  
 Who is Tulsara?
A house divided cannot stand. And today we are divided. Fragmentation and polarity are ripping our country apart. Today, I come before you to make a stand for the center, to appeal to all of you to bridge our differences and stand up for the American people.  
A house divided cannot stand. Sadly, our nation is terribly divided. My vote today is a vote for much needed reconciliation and hope that together we can heal our country to usher in a bright future for the American people, our country, and our nation.   
We must not continue wasting trillions on regime change wars, the new Cold War ; nuclear arms race. Our precious resources must be used for the needs of the American ppl. It’s time to stand up for quality affordable healthcare, education, environmental protection ; more. Join me. 
 I donated let’s go!!! 
We talk about “existential threats,” but nothing is more threatening to our world than nuclear war. In the first week of my presidency, I will call for a summit with Russia and China to end the nuclear arms race and agree on steps to move the world back from the nuclear abyss. 
We need to raise $1M by December 31st in order to stay competitive and continue our momentum. Let’s put our grassroots msg front and center in the most competitive early state media markets. Can you rush a donation and help us reach our fundraising goal? 
Tulsi replies to Which one of your fellow candidates, competitors in the primary concerns you the most on issues of foreign policy?” — 
 These students set the example of how we come together as a country.  Grateful to be here. 🙏🏽-V. 
You and I may disagree on various issues, but at our core, we love our country and we appreciate the values, principles, and freedoms enshrined in our constitution. This common ground is the path forward to bridge the divides between us.  
Just got of a meeting, haven’t seen the score yet but ...  Hooah!
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Democratic Party Spratt Issues Conference - Greenville, NH    
Join Tulsi Gabbard LIVE now!
 Good!! Your support and contributors to our people-powered campaign are making this possible!
I will always treat you with respect and compassion, which in Hawaii we call Aloha. Everyone deserves such respect no matter their race, gender, religion, or politics. Working side-by-side, let's usher in a future of peace, human dignity, and true equality.  
 Lol
 See you soon!
As president, I’ll end the longstanding failed foreign policy of waging regime change wars, the new Cold war ; arms race, wasting trillions $$ and countless lives. We must only send our troops on missions worthy of their great sacrifice. War must be a last resort. Stand with me. 
The Afghanistan War has been a gravy train for military contractors, corrupt politicians ; warlords. My new bill will call for a congressional investigation. It's time for accountability. As president, I commit to immediately bring our troops home, complete within a few months. 
Early morning. See you in South Carolina!    
I honor the vision of our country’s founders embodied in the Constitution ; Bill of Rights, of a government of the people, by the people, and for the people. As president, I'll turn our founders’ vision into reality—that’s why the powerful elite is afraid of me. 
 Our condolences and aloha to you and your family, Andrew. 🙏🏽
We spend $4 billion every month on a war in Afghanistan. How can we look our veterans in the eye ; tell them we have no money for their healthcare? As president, I’ll work to end these wars, bring our troops home, ; treat our veterans with the respect they deserve.  
For a number of reasons, I have decided not to attend the December 19th "debate" — regardless of whether or not there are qualifying polls. I instead choose to spend that precious time directly meeting with and hearing from the people of New Hampshire and South Carolina.
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Nashua, NH    
 Done
From “They care about getting us out of foreign wars, they care about civil liberties…they also really care about this level of authenticity they think Gabbard has.”  
 Happy birthday, my friend! 
Sorry all! Signal cut out.  Will delete and repost the whole speech.  -V.
Imagine.    
Why is Trump acting as the spokesperson for Saudi Arabia? It is a disgrace that the office of the presidency is being used for the interests of the theocratic extremist Saudi Arabian Kingdom, the  exporter of the radical Islamist ideology that fuels jihadists like al-Qaeda/ISIS 
Remembering John Lennon today. 🙏🏽“All we are saying is give peace a chance.”
 Team Rubicon provides an opportunity for our veterans to continue serving through disaster response. Learn more about how…
✅ Veteran✅ Woman✅ Minority✅ Lifelong Dem✅ Crossover appeal to Independents, Libertarians, RepublicansThe Dem Establishment shld be excited about my candidacy. But they'd rather lose to Trump than win with me, cuz they can’t control me ; that scares the hell out of them 
“Primary voters have always had special appreciation for veteran candidates, ; that’s why voters are giving Tulsi a look. They admire her service…; anyone watching the race knows this candidate doesn’t back down from a fight." Great interview on New Hampshire evening news WMUR 
 I was so happy to meet them!
Amazing people and good times in Portsmouth last night!    
My heart and condolences are with the victims of this tragic shooting and their families. I join the people of Hawaii in expressing our thanks to law enforcement and first responders who rushed to secure the area and get people to safety. 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Portsmouth Rotary Club Guest Speaker - Greenland, NH    
I don’t fit into any box. I have a simple common sense message: let's do what's best of the American people, our country and planet without caring who gets the credit.  
Rather than debate the wisdom of US military intervention in foreign countries, those who profit from these wars smear me with “foreign agent” lies. I will usher in a new foreign policy that is in our country’s best interests and allows us to be force for good in the world. 
Sending my best wishes to her family ; supporters who have campaigned so hard. While we disagree on some issues, we agree on others ; I respect her sincere desire to serve the American people. I look forward to working together on the challenges we face as a nation
 Haha no. Yoga pants and sweatshirt
 No
 Always make time for yoga.
 She is a wise woman!
 That sounds like fun!
 Beautiful and cold!
 This is the third day of snow
Rain, snow or sun ... it’s always a good time for  🧘🏽‍♀️  
I will always treat you with respect and compassion, which in Hawaii we call Aloha. Everyone deserves such respect no matter their race, gender, religion, or politics. Working side-by-side, let's usher in a future of peace, human dignity, and true equality.  
You deserve peace of mind, leaders you trust, who say what they mean ; mean what they say. As president, I’ll end the pay-to-play culture ; corruption in Washington so that you, the people, are in control of our democracy, not special interests ; corrupt self-serving politicians. 
It’s snowing! Yep, this island girl still gets excited for the snow. Be safe out there! 
You. Are. Amazing. Thank you to all of you who have contributed to our campaign and encouraged others to do the same! Because of you, we have blown past 200,000 individual donors!! Thank YOU!  
 You would win that bet.
 Nope
✅ Veteran✅ Woman✅ Minority✅ Lifelong Dem✅ Crossover appeal to Independents, Libertarians, RepublicansThe Dem Establishment shld be excited about my candidacy. But they'd rather lose to Trump than win with me, cuz they can’t control me ; that scares the hell out of them 
 Over 130 people came to see at today. Thirty minutes after the event Gabbard is still taking selfi…
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Mancheser, NH    
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Mancheser, NH    
“Primary voters have always had special appreciation for veteran candidates, ; that’s why voters are giving Tulsi a look. They admire her service…; anyone watching the race knows this candidate doesn’t back down from a fight." Great interview on New Hampshire evening news WMUR 
 No. This is V, Tulsi’s sister. Temporary takeover of her account
Hypocrisy much? At the debate a week ago, Kamala trashed Tulsi for going on FOX News. Yet she shamelessly went on FOX twice in the last week. Oh well, they say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. —V (Tulsi's sister) 
 Your donation is needed to help us get our message out! So not token. Thank you!!
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Claremont, NH    
 A little burnt, but I like em crispy
 That’s sounds amazing!
 Vegan
 Never. I believe in freedom.
 They make some really amazing vegan butter these days
 We have a town hall tonight in Claremont and tomorrow in Manchester. Go to  for details. Come say hi!
 Yes! This is what I’m talking about! Way to share your truth!!! I’m grateful for you!
 Sounds amazing!
 Yes, that was me. Thank you Loved your video
Everyone deserves the peace of mind knowing their personal privacy is protected. As president I will break up big tech monopolies and provide the oversight/accountability to ensure your rights to free speech, civil liberties, and personal privacy are never compromised.  
Some of you asked me what a meat-free Thanksgiving dinner looks like in our house. My sister, her husband and mother-in-law came to spend Thanksgiving with us in New Hampshire ; made this amazingly delicious meal tonight. My heart (and stomach) are full!  
 Thank you so much Sathvik! I appreciate all you and are doing
 Team of Rivals!
 Thank you Hunter! Hope you had a wonderful day today
 Grateful for you, Nolan! You are an incredible leader.
Thousands of people turned out this morning in Portsmouth for a 5k run in the cold! I was there to cheer them across the finish line :) Thankful to the Seacoast Rotarians for their service and leadership in organizing this event every year!  
Happy Thanksgiving! There is so much that I am thankful for today and every day. Thank you all so much for your support!    
 This is false. We must uphold the 2nd Amendment with sensible safety regulations in place.
 Thank you. Register to vote now so you can help me be the nominee. Have a great Thanksgiving!
 Thank you. 🙏🏽
 Not yet
 “Overthrow” by
“As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.” – John F. Kennedy 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Town Hall - Rochester, NH    
 Please visit 
 Well done.
As president, my first responsibility to the you, American people, will be to de-escalate tensions between the US and nuclear-armed countries like Russia and China. We have to use diplomacy to resolve differences, end the cold war and the arms race, and avoid nuclear catastrophe. 
We made it. Good night.
 Look forward to seeing you again soon, Bea.
 Greatest sister ever.
 We are actually friends.
 None of the above.
 I was homeschooled.
 He's on our side.
 Mahalo Sam.  Your donation will go a long way.
 Thank you so much!
 Thank you!
 Thank you so much for your donation!
 Marshall is the greatest.
 I was wondering what   meant.  Seems like Twitter could always use more  
 I have, actually.
 I wish.
 Brief stop in LA.  Back to New Hampshire now!
 God's unconditional love.
 LOL.  Legit laughing out loud.  This is a good one.
 Love this.
 I have.  is in Hawaii too
 It's in New Hampshire.  Wish we had it now.
 Drink water, exercise/yoga, don't eat junk, and try to get good sleep!
 We will! Just a little later than planned.
 I love surfing, but if I'm in/near the snow ... I'm down for some snowboarding in fresh powder
 You and me both, Nick.
 Going for the 'the people' demographic. As in, all the people.
 Thank you for your support.  You're helping us get our message directly to the people!
 Sorry!
Thank you Great conversation. Check it out, folks. Listen/watch and share!    
 No conspiracy here, folks. Just me. Doing my thing. Comfortably waiting for my flight. Hope you’re safe and warm wherever you are! Have a great night.
 🙏🏽 Mahalo!
 In the airport. Does that count
 I appreciate your helpful suggestion. That would take 22 hours nonstop driving. Sounds like fun but not an option — I’ve got work to do.
 Patience.
 Haha. Good stuff.
 Good luck!
 Thank you!
CURRENT SITUATION. (Sound On) To the kid walking by, I feel ya ....... Delayed at MPLS, trying to make our way to New Hampshire before this snowstorm hits tonight.   
 After we win.
 Yes but not the same spot.
 Surf one for me.
 Stunning. Don’t fall!
 So necessary.
 True.
 Thank you for planting the seed for this to happen!
 We should talk.
 Aloha and thank you!
Morning meditation + sunshine + the ocean. So grateful!   
We must elect a president who has the courage to meet with both friends and adversaries in the pursuit of peace ; nt’l security. I commit to you that I’ll always be ready to meet with any foreign leader if it may help resolve/prevent war—and the death ; destruction war brings. 
 Filing by mail, Rep. is officially on the ballot in South Carolina! 
Wow. You guys came through big! Just 1,000 more donors to go to reach the December debate threshold. Please donate (or ask a friend to) and help spread the word! - Team Tulsi   
My personal commitment is to always treat you and all Americans with respect. Working side-by-side, we can defeat the divisiveness of Donald Trump, and usher in a 21st century of peace, human dignity, ; true equality. Working side by side, we can make Dr. King’s dream our reality 
197,662 donors! Almost there. We need you! Donate now to help us reach the 200,000 donors Tulsi needs to be on the debate stage in December - Team Tulsi   
A democracy can only be strong if we the people are informed, involved, and working side-by-side. I will be your voice, taking the power back from the self-serving corrupt politicians, and usher in a 21st century of peace and national security, human dignity, and true equality. 
We only need 3,000 more donors to reach the qualifying threshold for the December debate! Please donate what you can, share with your friends, and join Tulsi in ushering in a 21st century of peace, prosperity, ; a govt truly of, by, ; for the people ; 
Chris Matthews: “Why are so many Democrat leaders war hawks?” Intelligent but all too rare question from MSM. So important to our country/world. Only had a minute to reply. Listen for yourself.  
Voting rights are essential for our democracy. Securing our elections is essential for our democracy. I have introduced legislation called the Securing America’s Elections Act that mandates paper ballots to make sure that every single voter’s voice is heard.  
The only way to prevent war is being ready to meet with adversaries and potential adversaries. Diplomacy is the only alternative to war. I take the example of leaders who come before us—like JFK who met with Khrushchev, Roosevelt who met with Stalin, Reagan who met with Gorbachev 
What happened in Bolivia is a coup. Period. The United States and other countries should not be interfering in the Bolivian people's pursuit of self-determination and right to choose their own government.
 Rep. Tulsi Gabbard: "I'm running for president to be the Democratic nominee that rebuilds our Democratic party." 
 - Your   halftime commercial... Aloha Ya’ll!!!! Get it here!  
So much for the promise of equal time for all candidates, got half the time as the usual media favorites. Typical. -V   
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Debate Watch Party - Atlanta, GA    
We’re less than 4,000 donors away from crossing the 200k unique donor qualifying threshold for the December debate! Let's make sure we send Tulsi to the next debate to keep calling for respect and compassion for ALL Americans -TULSI2020  
Our commander-in-chief needs to have good judgment ; what you’ve just pointed out is that you lack the courage to meet with both adversaries and friends, to ensure the peace and national security of our nation -TULSI2020   
Tulsi fact checks Mayor Pete on careless statements about our military: "You were asked directly whether you would send our troops to Mexico to fight cartels and your answer was yes. The fact checkers can check this out." - TULSI2020  
Voting rights are essential for our democracy, securing our elections is essential for our democracy. I’ve introduced the Securing America's Elections Act that mandates paper ballots to make sure that every single voter’s voice is heard. - TULSI2020   
We must correct the institutional racial injustices in our country that disproportionately impact people of color ; people in poverty. As president I will end the failed war on drugs ; end the money bail system to correct injustices of the past - TULSI2020  
Hyper partisanship in DC stands in the way of transitioning our country off of fossil fuels. We must end the nearly $30B in subsidies to Big Oil ; invest in a green renewable energy economy ; an agriculture system that focuses on local food production - TULSI2020  
I volunteered to deploy to Iraq where every single day I saw the terribly high human cost of war. No, I’m not going to put party interest first. I will put the interest of the American people above all else. -TULSI2020   
I’m running for President to rebuild our democratic party, take it out of the hands of the foreign policy establishment in Washington, the military industrial complex and greedy corporate interests and truly put it in the hands of the people -TULSI2020   
I’m a soldier; 1st female combat vet to run for President. My 1st responsibility is to serve our country ; people. My commitment will not falter no matter how much the warmongering foreign policy estab. ; media continue their smears, which began the day I announced 
Trump’s throwing out four decades of US policy, no longer considering Israeli settlements in the West Bank to be violations of international law, is a serious setback to peace efforts between Israelis and Palestinians. All who want a peaceful resolution urge Trump to reconsider.
 A Warrior for us, is the one who sacrifices themself for the good of others. There task is to take care of the elderly, the d…
Many of our leaders have become so poisoned by their quest for power they've forgotten that the power in our country lies in the hands of the people. As president, my commitment to you will be to make the vision of our Founders a reality — a government of, by, and for the people. 
Congratulations Gov. on your re-election! Our country needs more leaders willing to put people first and work in a spirit of bipartisanship to make a difference in the lives of all Americans.
I go on Tucker Carlson, I go on Bret Baier, I go on Sean Hannity, I go on MSNBC, I go on CNN—I am here to speak to every single American in this country about the unifying leadership that I want to bring as president, not just speak to those who agree with me.  
It is my personal commitment to you that I will always treat you, and all my fellow Americans, with respect. Everyone deserves respect no matter their race, religion, or political views or affiliation. Inclusion, unity—these will be the operating principles of my administration. 
Very good news! The execution of Rodney Reed has been delayed after new evidence drew attention to the case, underscoring the risk inherent in capital punishment of executing an innocent person. As president I’ll reform our criminal justice system and abolish the death penalty.
... DACA has transformed the lives and futures of hundreds of thousands of young people across our country.  Because of DACA, DREAMers have been able to go to college, find a job, support their family, serve their country, and live free from the constant threat of deportation.
We must defend the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program. We cannot break our promises, break up families or punish young people who were brought to this country as minors through no choice of their own. These are neighbors, our friends, our fellow Americans ...
As president I will lead a bipartisan fight to protect the freedoms guaranteed by our Constitution ; Bill of Rights and inspire us to do the tough work necessary to achieve a more perfect union that truly is of, by, and for the people of our great nation.  
Whether Hillary Clinton is on the ballot or not, her foreign policy will be. Many Dem candidates adhere to Bush-Clinton doctrine being the world's police—wasting trillions of $$, spreading death and destruction, and undermining our national security. I will end this.  
Trump: "I think the president (Erdogan) has a great relationship with the Kurds … they're taken care of." What world does Trump live in?
 “The media and the Democratic establishment have done absolutely everything they possibly can to try to destroy Tulsi … M…
“The media and the Democratic establishment have done absolutely everything they possibly can to try to destroy Tulsi … Managing to achieve some momentum in spite of all that shows just how persistent she is and just how weak and feckless…” 
“Presidential candidate Tulsi Gabbard’s (U.S. Rep, Hawaii) campaign’s legal counsel released the following letter today concerning Hillary Clinton’s defamation of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard.” —TULSI2020 
When I came home from war in Iraq my father was on the tarmac. I had never seen him cry, but when he embraced me, he was trembling, crying tears of relief. I understood then how much families of our veterans suffer. Thanks to all who love those who serve  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Tulsi Veterans Day Town Hall - Los Angeles, CA    
 Thank you for your service and love of country.
Hey Los Angeles! Come join us at our town hall tonight, honoring veterans, at the Proud Bird at 11022 Aviation Blvd.  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Inaugural Los Angeles County Veterans Day Service - Los Angeles, CA    
 Look at you. Thank you for your service, Niko.
On this day and every day, let us all pledge — as Americans, as patriots, as those who love our country — to honor our men and women in uniform by making sure that no veteran is left behind, that they’re always taken care of.   
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE - Train with Tulsi ; Navy Seals, Veterans Day Workout - Santa Monica, CA    
Join Tulsi today for a Veterans Day workout at Crossfit Santa Monica! Doors open @ 1pm. Be there! 🏋🏽‍♀️-V. RSVP:  All proceeds go to and  Donate here:  
 Not this trip but hopefully soon ...
 Totally understand!
 Salute to Service event at a venue in NYC the other day.
 It's all open-source information their unit shared with the media.
 Thank you, Sally.  Sending aloha and well wishes to you, your son and your family.  Thinking of all of our troops in harm's way today and every day.
 I will be on the ballot.
 And I have your back.  Thank you for your service to MN and our nation! Your support means so much to me.  I have some friends in the MN Guard, went to CCC with!
 Thank you so much Carl.  You and so many others are the ones fueling our people-powered campaign.  Truly grateful.
 Thank you Walt.
 Thank you for your kind words and your support.  Please help share our message.
 This is why I'm running for President -- to serve as Commander in Chief.  To make those decisions.  To Lead.
 Just speaking the truth, brother.  Tune into the next debate on Nov 20!
 Continuing the status quo is taking a toll on our military.  As President, I will honor our brothers and sisters in uniform by only sending them on missions truly worthy of their sacrifice -- missions that actually serve the interests of our country and the American people.
 Thank you, Rick.
 Thank you for your support!
 Thank you.  Which accomplishments are you referring to? He has deployed thousands troops to protect Saudi oil, pushing us closer to war with Iran.  Keeping troops in Syria to block Syrian people from accessing their own oil resources. Has not brought troops home from Afghanistan.
 Yes.
 lol ... not again?!?!
 Yep.
 Thank you for sharing this! Jackie Kennedy once said: "I hope the aloha spirit is contagious, because it could change the world."
Happy Birthday, Marines.  
These aren’t just “troops.” They are PEOPLE—friends, separated from loved ones.   
Foreign policy can’t be separated from domestic policy because the waging of regime change wars, the new cold war, and the nuclear arms race is costing American lives and wasting trillions of $ that should be invested in domestic needs like health, education, infrastructure, etc. 
 Just a tweet. I thought that’s what people did here.
 Supporting local small businesses. 
 Again??!
 Thanks for keeping an open mind and focusing on substance and what makes sense.
 Have a great weekend.
 Reflection of the blinds behind me
 Healthy meal in a bowl. Rice, veggies and tofu.
 New Hampshire
 Security and privacy.
 No thanks. I’m good.
 Thank you so much. For your support and beautiful words.  Aloha!!
 Thanks. It’s keeping me warm for now. But not for long
Focused. Multitasking. Working on a deadline. Thanks to Black Forest Cafe in Amherst for this delicious Buddha Bowl lunch!   
Join me in standing with the first responders and families of 9/11 victims in their fight for truth ; justice — demand the Trump Administration declassify and release ALL information regarding Saudi's involvement in 9/11 attack. Add your name:   
I go on Tucker Carlson, I go on Bret Baier, I go on Sean Hannity, I go on MSNBC, I go on CNN—I am here to speak to every single American in this country about the unifying leadership that I want to bring as president, not just speak to those who agree with me.  
Rather than debate the wisdom of US military intervention in foreign countries, those who profit from these wars smear me with “foreign agent” lies. I will usher in a new foreign policy that is in our country’s best interests and allows us to be force for good in the world. 
 Yes!!
It’s official. So grateful to have been joined by supporters from across NH as I filed my nomination papers with the New Hampshire Secretary of State this morning. Looking forward to bringing our people-powered campaign to every town across NH!    
 We felt your presence and your support in spirit. Thanks for all you do!
 It’s official: files for the  New Hampshire primary.  via 
We must close the revolving door. We’ve got to close the legal loopholes that give special interests so much influence and take away the people’s voice… 
I’ve been friends with since we were elected to Congress back in 2012 ; I’m grateful for the passion he brought to the race. I know he will continue to serve our country in meaningful ; positive ways as we work together to restore hope in our future.  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Coffee ; Toffee with Tulsi - Nashua, NH    
 Packed house for meet and greet in Nashua, NH. She’s bringing her special toffee apparently. 
 You should join me one morning and test out your thesis
Those days when you don’t feel like exercising and tell yourself you’re too tired or don’t have time — just do it. You’ll be glad you did.      
As president, I will work for the interests and well-being of ALL Americans. I will bridge the partisan divide and unite our country. As a soldier, I fully understand this truth: united we stand, divided we fall.  
  applauds the House Veterans Affairs Committee for vote on Deborah Sampson Act. “The passage of the…
We’re exactly one year out from the 2020 general election. And right now, it’s up to every single one of us to work together to build a brighter future for everyone because we know winning in 2020 will not happen on its own. 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Town Hall - Laconia, NH    
For political reasons, Trump claims he's against so-called "endless wars" but he supports ; is carrying out 19th/20th-century-style naked imperialism. This is a disgrace to our men ; women in uniform and great recruiting tool for jihadists like AQ ; ISIS. 
I will not be seeking reelection to Congress in 2020. Throughout my life, I’ve always made my decisions based on where I felt I could do the most good. In light of the challenges we face, I believe I can ... Click for more ;  
This is a movement to take back the Democratic Party from corrupt warmongers. They’re doing everything they can to get me to run as a 3rd-party candidate so they can retain control of our Party. But I won’t. I’ll continue to fight to make our party ; country of, by, ; for the ppl 
383,000. That’s how many gallons of crude oil just spilled out of the Keystone Pipeline ; into the wetlands of N Dakota. When we protested at Standing Rock, Big Oil minimized the threat of spills. Enough. We cannot gamble with our precious water resources.   
I have National Guard duty today ; it’s  — blast to the past with my friend Mel whose bunk was next to mine at Basic Training in Ft Jackson, South Carolina over 16 years ago! Love this woman — tough, kind ; an incredible leader, still serving our nation today! 
Families who lost loved ones in the 9/11 attacks want the truth, and they deserve the truth. Join me in demanding all information regarding Saudi involvement in 9/11 attack:  
383,000. That’s how many gallons of crude oil just spilled out of the Keystone Pipeline ; into the wetlands of N Dakota. When we protested at Standing Rock, Big Oil minimized the threat of spills. Enough. We cannot gamble with our precious water resources.   
What was Saudi Arabia’s involvement in the 9/11 attack? Americans deserve an answer to this question. Join me in calling on the Trump Administration to declassify and release all information regarding the 9/11 attack. Sign your name:  
 This looks like the best way to celebrate Halloween!
In a nutshell, Obama is saying we all need a little more aloha spirit—being respectful ; caring for one another. Not being so quick to judge. Not seeing everything as black/white. I hope you'll join me in bringing the spirit of aloha to the White House. 
Erdogan has been helping ISIS/AQ for years. He has denied this but is now openly using militias of "former" ISIS/AQ terrorists, exposing him for what he really is: a radical Islamist megalomaniac who wants to establish a caliphate with himself as the Caliph — the supreme ruler. 
 Sports has always played an important role in breaking down barriers ; bringing people together. MMA fans ; fighters arou…
If we set aside partisanship seeking solutions that benefit all Americans w/o regard for whether the credit goes to Democrats or Republicans then we’ll be able to get thing done. That’s what the American people want and it’s how I will govern as president.  
If we set aside partisanship seeking solutions that benefit all Americans w/o regard for whether the credit goes to Democrats or Republicans then we’ll be able to get thing done. That’s what the American people want and it’s how I will govern as president.  
By smearing me, warmongers are sending a message to every American, including my fellow veterans toe the line, or be branded a traitor. But we will not be silenced. Join me in taking our Democratic Party back and leading a govt of, by, and for the people.  
By smearing me, warmongers are sending a message to every American, including my fellow veterans toe the line, or be branded a traitor. But we will not be silenced. Join me in taking our Democratic Party back and leading a govt of, by, and for the people.  
This is a movement to take back the Democratic Party from corrupt warmongers. They’re doing everything they can to get me so they can retain control of our Party. But I won’t. I’ll continue to fight to make our party ; country of, by, ; for the people..  
This is a movement to take back the Democratic Party from corrupt warmongers. They’re doing everything they can to get me so they can retain control of our Party. But I won’t. I’ll continue to fight to make our party ; country of, by, ; for the people..  
I'm so grateful to the people of Hawaiʻi for allowing me to serve you in Congress for the last 7 years. Throughout my life, I’ve always made my decisions based on where I felt I could do the most good. In light of the challenges we face, I believe I can..  
I'm so grateful to the people of Hawaiʻi for allowing me to serve you in Congress for the last 7 years. Throughout my life, I’ve always made my decisions based on where I felt I could do the most good. In light of the challenges we face, I believe I can..  
Today I’m officially announcing that I will not be seeking reelection to Congress in 2020. Throughout my life, I’ve always made my decisions based on where I felt I could do the most good. In light of the challenges we face, I believe I can.. Donate Now -  
Today I’m officially announcing that I will not be seeking reelection to Congress in 2020. Throughout my life, I’ve always made my decisions based on where I felt I could do the most good. In light of the challenges we face, I believe I can.. Donate Now -  
My heart goes out to everyone in California whose homes and communities are being ravaged by these wildfires and blackouts. Endless gratitude to all who are putting their lives and wellbeing at risk to fight this fire and save lives.   
Sports has always played an important role in breaking down barriers ; bringing people together. MMA fans ; fighters around the world are doing just that! I recently met China’s first ever Champion Zhang Weili in Boston.  
As president I’ll end failed war on drugs, legalize marijuana, abolish mandatory minimum sentences and expunge criminal records for nonviolent drug offenses, end cash bail, ban private prisons, shut down the school-to-prison pipeline... watch full speech: 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - 9/11 Press Conference - New York, NY    
If you share only one thing about Tulsi with your friends and family, make it this video. Over six minutes, this raw and emotional exchange encapsulates the reason Tulsi should be president. —TeamTulsi   
The nursing shortage in America is most negatively impacting people living in rural communities who often have few healthcare options. Today Congress passed my bipartisan bill (w/ the Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act, to help educate ; train more nurses!
If we set aside partisanship—seeking solutions that benefit all Americans without regard for whether the credit goes to Democrats or Republicans—then we’ll be able to get things done. That’s what the American people want and it’s how I will govern as president.   
Trump using our troops to occupy Syrian oil fields—part of our regime change war to topple the Syrian government by crippling their economy—is a modern-day siege that will hurt the Syrian people the most. 
 is such a special time of year where people all over the world come together to light their lamps in honor the return of Lord Ramachandra to His kingdom after many years in exile, ; celebrate the victory of light over darkness, good over evil, ; knowledge over ignorance. 
… stronger than ever, Daesh will continue due to the short-sighted policies of Trump — including his support for Erdogan and Saudi Arabia, which helps spread the extremist ideology that acts as the fuel for Daesh, al-Qaeda, etc. As president, I will end all such support.
Thank you and congratulations to our special operations forces and others involved in tracking and getting rid of ISIS/Daesh leader Baghdadi. But as we learned with the death of Osama Bin Laden, whose org al-Qaeda is now…
By smearing me, warmongers are sending a message to every American, including my fellow veterans: toe the line, or be branded a traitor. But we will not be silenced. Join me in taking our Democratic Party back and leading a government of, by, and for the people.  
Wishing President Jimmy Carter, a great man who has worked hard to spread peace around the world, a speedy recovery. At 95 years old, he continues to fight for peace. “I just try to keep the whole world at peace” 
 Exactly.
 Agree.
 Halfway thru this. So amazing.
This is a movement to take back the Democratic Party from corrupt warmongers. They’re doing everything they can to get me to run as a 3rd-party candidate so they can retain control of our Party. But I won’t. I’ll continue to fight to make our party ; country of, by, ; for the ppl 
I stand with the Chicago public school teachers, school staff, students ; supporters. We must invest in the future of our children by making sure our teachers have the tools they need to do their job. 
… Join me in ushering in a new Democratic Party that is of, by, and for the people. Together, let’s bring integrity and the spirit of putting service before self to the White House, so that our White House can truly be a beacon of light, hope and opportunity for all Americans.
… toppling dictators and governments we don’t like, but instead redirect our precious resources towards serving the needs of the people here at home. I humbly ask for your support for my candidacy for President of the United States …
… best serve the people of Hawaiʻi ; our country as President and Commander-in-Chief. As president, I will immediately begin work to end the new cold war ; nuclear arms race end our interventionist foreign policy of trying being the world’s police…
Today I’m officially announcing that I will not be seeking reelection to Congress in 2020. Throughout my life, I’ve always made my decisions based on where I felt I could do the most good. In light of the challenges we face, I believe I can … 
I'm fully committed to my offer to serve you, the people of Hawaii ; America, as your President ; Commander-in-Chief. So I will not be seeking reelection to Congress in 2020. I humbly ask for your support for my candidacy for President of the United States 
... end our interventionist foreign policy of being the world’s police, toppling dictators and governments we don’t like, and redirect our precious resources towards serving the needs of the people here at home ...
... best serve the people of Hawaiʻi ; our country as President and Commander-in-Chief.  As president, I will immediately begin work to end the new cold war ; nuclear arms race ...
I'm so grateful to the people of Hawaiʻi for allowing me to serve you in Congress for the last 7 years. Throughout my life, I’ve always made my decisions based on where I felt I could do the most good. In light of the challenges we face, I believe I can...  
 Thank you!
I’m running for president to take the Democratic Party back from those who continue to carry out the Hillary Doctrine of more regime change wars and escalating the new cold war, and lead with a new foreign policy that is truly of, by and for the people ;  
 Yes! This takes it to a whole new level
 your foreign policy was a disaster for our country and the world. It’s time for you to acknowledge the damage you have caused and step down from your throne.  
If you're sick of the new McCarthyism and warmongering by Hillary and her cohorts, then join our campaign. We need your support. Democrat, Republican, Independent - it doesn't matter. We need to unite to usher in a govt which is of, by, and for the people!  
If you're sick of the new McCarthyism and warmongering by Hillary and her cohorts, then join our campaign. We need your support. Democrat, Republican, Independent - it doesn't matter. We need to unite to usher in a govt which is of, by, and for the people!  
United by love for our country and each other, we'll usher in a 21st century government of the people, by the people, and for the people. I'll bring to the presidency the soldier's values of putting service before self putting our country's interest first.  
United by love for our country and each other, we'll usher in a 21st century government of the people, by the people, and for the people. I'll bring to the presidency the soldier's values of putting service before self putting our country's interest first.  
 your foreign policy was a disaster for our country and the world. It’s time for you to acknowledge the damage you have caused and step down from your throne. Donate -  
 your foreign policy was a disaster for our country and the world. It’s time for you to acknowledge the damage you have caused and step down from your throne. Donate -  
 your foreign policy was a disaster for our country and the world. It’s time for you to acknowledge the damage you have caused and step down from your throne.  
 You ready?
United by love for our country and each other, we will usher in a 21st century government of the people, by the people, and for the people. I will bring to the presidency the soldier's values of putting service before self — always putting our country's interest first.  
Aloha Grinnell! It was great to be back. Saints Rest Coffee House was one of our first stops on the trail. Thanks to all of you who came out and spent the evening with us! 🙏🏽-V. 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Town Hall - Grinnell, IA     
 Tulsi Gabbard has put her life on the line to defend this country. People can disagree on issues, but it is outrageous f…
If you're sick of the new McCarthyism and warmongering by Hillary and her cohorts, then join our campaign. We need your support. Democrat, Republican, Independent — it doesn't matter. We need to unite to usher in a govt which is of, by, and for the people!  
Senator Mike Gravel: "Tulsi Gabbard has more credibility in talking about peace and proper use of the military than any other candidate literally in American history."  (from interview with 
Hillary ; her gang of rich, powerful elite are going after me to send a msg to YOU: “Shut up, toe the line, or be destroyed.” But we, the people, will NOT be silenced. Join me in taking our Democratic Party back ; leading a govt of, by ; for the people.  
Hillary ; her gang of rich, powerful elite are going after me to send a msg to YOU: “Shut up, toe the line, or be destroyed.” But we, the people, will NOT be silenced. Join me in taking our Democratic Party back ; leading a govt of, by ; for the people.  
 "Let the dogs bark, Sancho. It’s a sign that we are moving forward"-Don Quixote🌊
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Linn County Democrats Hall of Fame Dinner - Cedar Rapids, IA     
 Hillary ; her gang of rich, powerful elite are going after me to send a msg to YOU: “Shut up, toe the line, or be destroy…
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Passport to Victory - Elkader, IA     
Hillary ; her gang of rich, powerful elite are going after me to send a msg to YOU: “Shut up, toe the line, or be destroyed.” But we, the people, will NOT be silenced. Join me in taking our Democratic Party back ; leading a govt of, by ; for the people!  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Coffee ; Toffee with Tulsi - West Branch, IA     
 is fighting for you. And taking on all of the corrupt, rich and powerful mofos on your behalf. The MIC, DNC,…
 3 tours. Helmand, Afghanistan.       
 Good morning Sister I’m just catching up with the foolery that’s going on. I’m SMDH hard. Four words: Keep.…
 The Democratic establishment has got to stop smearing women it finds inconvenient! The character assassination of women…
 Great! Thank you You, the queen of warmongers, embodiment of corruption, and personification of the rot…
 ... concerted campaign to destroy my reputation. We wondered who was behind it and why. Now we know — it was always you,…
 ... powerful allies in the corporate media and war machine, afraid of the threat I pose. It’s now clear that this prima…
  Air Force Vet, Operation Desert Storm
 As vs escalates, important to note that the person Clinton is calling a Russian asset is a…
 Tulsi Gabbard deserves much more respect and thanks than this. She literally just got back from serving our country abroad.
... powerful allies in the corporate media and war machine, afraid of the threat I pose. It’s now clear that this primary is between you and me. Don’t cowardly hide behind your proxies. Join the race directly.
... concerted campaign to destroy my reputation. We wondered who was behind it and why. Now we know — it was always you, through your proxies and ...
Great! Thank you You, the queen of warmongers, embodiment of corruption, and personification of the rot that has sickened the Democratic Party for so long, have finally come out from behind the curtain. From the day I announced my candidacy, there has been a ...
 UFC champ Weili Zhang arrived in the U.S. and met with presidential candidate - and then they got in a train…
For anyone who wants a good laugh 
DNC/corporate media claims: ‘we’re not rigging anything.’ Really? —Vrindavan (Tulsi’s sister)Speaking time allotted at debates: 
U.S. (Trump) just gifted Turkey a large chunk of Syria. Would America be OK if Syria “gave” California to Mexico?
... their territory to Turkey. No part of Syria belongs to the U.S. So Trump does not have the right or power to "give" away a piece of Syria (Kurdish homeland) to Turkey. You can’t give away what doesn’t belong to you.
For the confused: 1) We should get our troops out of Syria ASAP in a responsible way2) It’s up to the Kurds/Syria to either fight for or surrender ...
Trump to Kurds: “I got you a great deal. I gave Turkey your homeland and homes, and you have 5 whole days to pack up your families and leave before they slaughter you!” The Art of the Deal: How to sell what’s not yours.
 Surprise. CNN cuts off Tulsi to protect Warren. —Vrindavan (Tulsi's sister) 
 I always wondered where those were made.
 I’ll be there for Veteran’s Day. DM me with the best way to reach you.
 I don’t know but I like it.
 All of the above please
Very sad news this morning. My heart goes out to the Cummings family during this difficult time. Elijah Cummings dedicated his life to service and will truly be missed. 
For anyone who wants a good laugh 
 I’m in! Let’s do it.
 Mahalo Proud to be  for Get your official swag here.  
Surprise. CNN cuts off Tulsi to protect Warren. —Vrindavan (Tulsi's sister) 
Surprise. CNN cuts off Tulsi to protect Warren.Support Tulsi. Donate Now --  
Surprise. CNN cuts off Tulsi to protect Warren.Support Tulsi. Donate Now --  
It’s not fair to single out certain candidates based on their age and ask about their health and fitness to serve, and not ask the rest of us. The real question is not about physical fitness, it’s about who is fit to serve as our commander in chief?  
It’s not fair to single out certain candidates based on their age and ask about their health and fitness to serve, and not ask the rest of us. The real question is not about physical fitness, it’s about who is fit to serve as our commander in chief?  
Surprise. CNN cuts off Tulsi to protect Warren. 
Surprise. CNN cuts off Tulsi to protect Warren. 
It’s not fair to single out certain candidates based on their age and ask about their health and fitness to serve, and not ask the rest of us. The real question is not about physical fitness, it’s about who is fit to serve as our commander in chief?  
Surprise. CNN cuts off Tulsi to protect Warren, — Vrindavan (Tulsi's sister) 
 Thank you! - Team TULSI2020
Trump has the blood of Kurds on his hand, but so do politicians from both parties along w/ the MSM who champion Syrian regime change war. NYT/CNN have also smeared veterans like myself for calling for an end to this war. Completely despicable.  
Trump has the blood of Kurds on his hand, but so do politicians from both parties along w/ the MSM who champion Syrian regime change war. NYT/CNN have also smeared veterans like myself for calling for an end to this war. Completely despicable.  
If impeachment is driven by these hyper partisan interests, it will only further divide an already terribly divided country. I support the inquiry, but we need to defeat Trump at the ballot box.   
If impeachment is driven by these hyper partisan interests, it will only further divide an already terribly divided country. I support the inquiry, but we need to defeat Trump at the ballot box.   
The real question is, who is fit to serve as our commander in chief - the most important responsibility the President has? I understand the importance of our national security. I am prepared to be Commander in Chief on day one.  
The real question is, who is fit to serve as our commander in chief - the most important responsibility the President has? I understand the importance of our national security. I am prepared to be Commander in Chief on day one.  
If impeachment is driven by these hyper partisan interests, it will only further divide an already terribly divided country. I support the inquiry, but we need to defeat Trump at the ballot box.  
If impeachment is driven by these hyper partisan interests, it will only further divide an already terribly divided country. I support the inquiry, but we need to defeat Trump at the ballot box.  
Trump must be defeated, but we must do more than just defeat Trump. We need to deliver a win for the American people. We must stand united as Americans, remembering that we are all brothers and sisters, that we are all connected.  
Trump must be defeated, but we must do more than just defeat Trump. We need to deliver a win for the American people. We must stand united as Americans, remembering that we are all brothers and sisters, that we are all connected.  
Apparently this country is full of  who want to hear more from Tulsi despite MSM smears/blackout. Thanks NYT for giving a name to our movement of patriots from all walks of life!   
Apparently this country is full of  who want to hear more from Tulsi despite MSM smears/blackout. Thanks NYT for giving a name to our movement of patriots from all walks of life!   
I don't see deplorables, I see fellow Americans worthy of respect even when we disagree strongly. I will restore a WH w/ compassion ; respect for all regardless of race, religion, orientation, gender or political affiliation.  
I don't see deplorables, I see fellow Americans worthy of respect even when we disagree strongly. I will restore a WH w/ compassion ; respect for all regardless of race, religion, orientation, gender or political affiliation.  
Apparently this country is full of  who want to hear more from Tulsi despite MSM smears/blackout. Thanks NYT for giving a name to our movement of patriots from all walks of life!    
I don't see deplorables, I see fellow Americans worthy of respect even when we disagree strongly. I will restore a WH w/ compassion ; respect for all regardless of race, religion, orientation, gender or political affiliation    
Trump must be defeated, but we must do more than just defeat Trump. We need to deliver a win for the American people. We must stand united as Americans, remembering that we are all brothers and sisters, that we are all connected    
Abortion is one of the most difficult decisions a woman ever has to make ; should not be used as a divisive political weapon. I support codifying Roe v Wade ; restricting 3rd trimester abortions unless a woman's life/severe health consequences are at risk  
If impeachment is driven by these hyper partisan interests, it will only further divide an already terribly divided country. I support the inquiry, but we need to defeat Trump at the ballot box    
The real question is, who is fit to serve as our commander in chief - the most important responsibility the President has? I understand the importance of our national security. I am prepared to be Commander in Chief on day one    
Trump has the blood of Kurds on his hand, but so do politicians from both parties along w/ the MSM who champion Syrian regime change war. NYT/CNN have also smeared veterans like myself for calling for an end to this war. Completely despicable   
Game on.   
I will be attending the debate.
 love you, sis! 
This one. She is such a special soul, a warrior for the people. Love you and am so grateful for your friendship.  
 Yes, I am. We love If you’re still here, come say hi!
Foreign policy can’t be separated from domestic policy because the waging of regime change wars, the new cold war, and the nuclear arms race is costing American lives and wasting trillions of $ that should be invested in domestic needs like health, education, infrastructure, etc. 
As if to prove my point, NYT just published a “greatest hits” smear piece. All your favorite hits in one article! These are the folks who will be acting as the “neutral” questioners/moderators of Tuesday’s debate lol
 UPDATE: UFC champ Weili Zhang had her visa approved and she will be able to travel to the United States.CC.
Many ask about the gray streak in my hair. I started to gray in that spot during and after my first deployment to Iraq — and I’ve chosen to keep it as a daily reminder of the terrible cost of war, who pays the price of war, and the importance of peace. 
 White. It is the combination of all colors.
 remove our troops from Syria now! You’ve put them in harm's way w/ no clear mission/strategy. They’re not helping the Kurds or going after AQ. It’s been 1 year since you promised to bring them home—long enough to have done so “carefully” 
I am seriously considering boycotting October 15 debate to bring attention to DNC/corporate media’s effort to rig the 2020 primary. Not against Bernie this time, but against voters in early states Iowa, New Hampshire, South… ;  
I am seriously considering boycotting October 15 debate to bring attention to DNC/corporate media’s effort to rig 2020 primary. Not against Bernie this time, but against voters in early states Iowa, New Hampshire, South… ;  
We must all condemn this latest manifestation of anti-Semitism and religious bigotry in  We are all children of God and should respect and love each other as such.  Have a meaningful 
On this your birthday we thank you   for being a voice for peace. Let us all join together and also be that voice for peace. “I hope one day you’ll join us, and the world will be as one.”  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Coffee ; Toffee with Tulsi - Anamosa, IA     
... strengthening terrorists like AQ and ISIS, wasting billions of dollars, creating a refugee crisis, ; now this impending genocide ; ethnic cleansing of the Kurds — the warmongers consider these costs to be a small price to pay in their effort to change the Syrian regime. (5/5)
The hypocrisy of war-mongers like Nikki Haley, Senator Graham ; others who have demanded that we continue our regime change war in Syria, who are now crying crocodile tears for the Kurds, is nauseating. Starving the Syrian people through draconian sanctions ... (4/5)
The Kurds are just another casualty of this regime change war which is supported by war-mongering Republicans, Democrats, and corporate media. (3/5)
... from reconciling with the Syrian government and coordinating a common defense against Turkish invasion. The impending slaughter ; ethnic cleansing of the Syrian by Turkey is happening because Trump refuses to end our efforts to overthrow the Syrian government. (2/5)
 isn't removing our troops from Syria. He's just moving them from the northern Syrian border, allowing Turkey to invade Syria ; slaughter the Kurds. Trump lied to the Kurds, promising them our support while simultaneously preventing them ... (1/5) 
 msg of being kind to ALL is so needed right now. Enough with the divisiveness. We can’t let politics tear us apart. There are things we will disagree on strongly, and things we agree on — let’s treat each other with respect, aloha, ; work together for the people. 
One of the most important ways we can celebrate  is committing or recommitting ourselves to living as stewards of the environment. Like the original stewards (Indigenous People), we must live as caretakers of the lands, oceans, waterways ; air. 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Chili with Tulsi - Cedar Rapids, IA     
Too often, LGBT individuals face discrimination in the workplace or when trying to find a home. It's time for there to be equal treatment regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, gender, disability, or national origin.    
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Coffee ; Toffee with Tulsi - Washington, IA     
To solve the climate crisis, we need to replace the foreign policy of confrontation with a foreign policy of cooperation. Even if the United States ceased all carbon emissions by 2030, the problem of climate change will remain without other countries also taking action  
 had this incredible opportunity on saturday thanks to it was an absolute honor to discuss
 Happy Birthday!!!
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Town Hall - Fairfield, IA      
The so-called War on Drugs turns ordinary Americans into criminals for using marijuana but lets those responsible for creating the opioid crisis go unpunished. We must act now and pass my bipartisan bill, the Ending Federal Marijuana Prohibition Act.  
 World champion will again highlight a card in December    ht…
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Charleston Pints ; Politics - Charleston, SC    
Americans are sick of hearing from politicians that we can’t afford clean water, upgraded infrastructure, healthcare, education, etc. I’m running for president to end regime change wars/the new cold war/arms race and redirect our country’s resources to caring for our people. 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Blue Jamboree - Charleston, SC    
Hear from one of the many casualties of Trump’s erratic, destructive tariff war with China. As President, I will lead with a steady, strategic hand ; ensure our trade policies serve the interests of the American people — our farmers, manufacturers, and small business owners. 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Town Hall - Charleston, SC     
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - College of Charleston's Bully Pulpit Forum - Charleston, SC    
My brothers and sisters in uniform took an oath to support and defend our Constitution and the American people, not the theocratic dictatorship Saudi Arabia which supports al-Qaeda and spreads the ideology of radical Islamist jihad around the world.  
Congratulations!!! I’m proud to have stood in solidarity with and the workers at Rockingham County Rehabilitation ; Nursing Center fighting for fairness and better working conditions.  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - "Pizza and Politics" Tulsi Town Hall - Rindge, NH      
I'm running to president to bring a soldier's values to the White House: putting service before self/the people's interests ahead of my own. To end the new cold war and regime change wars.  
 My heart is with you, Jane, and your family — we are sending you all of our aloha and praying for your quick recovery!
  introduced before her town hall this morning by as the  candidate who has spent the most ti…
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Town Hall - Laconia, NH      
Our campaign is growing and unifying the American people around the core message of putting the interests of the people first — ending the new Cold War, arms race, and regime change wars, and redirect our resources to rebuilding our communities.  
What an amazing group of people! One of my favorite events on the campaign trail so far.  Tune in to hear Tulsi talk about personal details she has never talked about on the trail. I promise you will learn things you never knew. 😊 -V. (lil sister) 
I don’t view issues through a partisan lens. So much of government gridlock is the result of an unwillingness to work with people of the other political party. Our focus should be on what is best for the American people, not what’s best for our political party.   
Candidates for POTUS who are fundraising off "impeachment" are undermining credibility of inquiry in eyes of American people, further dividing our already fractured country. Please stop. We need responsible, patriotic leaders who put the interests of our country before their own.
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Coffee with the Candidate - Nevada, IA      
On day one of my presidency, I will call a summit between the United States, China, and Russia to work to end the new Cold War, stop the arms race, and reduce tensions and increase cooperation going forward. 
Shana Tova to all coming together with friends and family in celebrating Rosh Hashanah! Wishing you a wonderful and happy new year. 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Town Hall - Cedar Falls, IA      
We need to stand up to protect everyone’s right to the freedom of speech / the First Amendment. I may not agree with what you say, but I will put my life on the line to protect your right to say it. As president, I will protect all Americans from censorship by powerful tech corps 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Town Hall - Muscatine, IA      
Had an amazing morning at the We met so many incredible people. Didn’t have nearly enough time. Can’t wait to come back! -V.   
I will bring to the White House the values of a soldier, of putting the country’s interests ahead of my own. This is the leadership we need—leadership that is a force not of division and criticism but of unity and equality for all people.  
Trump is sending young men and women in uniform to risk their lives defending Saudi Arabia’s oil. As president, rather than serving the Saudis while they fund terrorists worldwide, my only interest will be serving the American people.  
Tulsi is back on the debates. Lets keep up the momentum. Support Tulsi. Donate Now-  
Tulsi is back on the debates. Lets keep up the momentum. Support Tulsi. Donate Now-  
 On this day in 2007, Army Pfc. Christopher F. Pfeifer, 21, succumbed to wounds suffered at COP Keating in Afghanistan on Au…
Lincoln envisioned a government “of, by, and for the people” but today we have a government of, by, and for the rich and powerful. This is why the American people are struggling. I’m running for president to fight for YOU.  
 Thank you! Aloha
My brothers and sisters in uniform took an oath to support and defend our Constitution and the American people, not the theocratic dictatorship Saudi Arabia which supports al-Qaeda and spreads the ideology of radical Islamist jihad around the world.  
 Thanks Andrew! See you there
 Grills are very important at a Steak Fry. Getting everyone what they want to eat is just as important. Glad cou…
United by love for our country and each other, we will usher in a 21st century government of the people, by the people, and for the people. I will bring to the presidency the soldier's values of putting service before self — always putting our country's interest first.  
The ratcheting up of retaliatory actions between the US and Iran will lead to a war that will be devastating to the people of both countries. As president I will re-enter the Iran Nuclear Agreement and end the sanctions against Iran to move us back from the precipice of war. 
  was the only millennial at today’s  Forum. Yesterday she got her third DNC qualifying poll. She n…
 Thank you Fez Zafar for putting on such a great event for the youth of Des Moines and the state of Iowa. First speaker of th…
 Up first: takes the stage at the and  forum. Watch live here ⬇️ 
We need to stand up to protect everyone’s right to the freedom of speech / the First Amendment. I may not agree with what you say, but I will put my life on the line to protect your right to say it. As president, I will protect all Americans from censorship by powerful tech corps 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Town Hall - West Des Moines, IA      
…today's children, and their children, will suffer needlessly. This is why I'm running for president: to prevent such suffering, and lead us into a Green 21st Century. (2/2)
Climate change and nuclear war are the two biggest dangers facing our country and the world. If we don't take action now on these two issues, then… (1/2)
Aloha and Namaste,   I’d like to extend a warm welcome to India Prime Minister Modi on his latest visit to the United States. Glad to see so many Indian Americans from all across our country, as well as many of my colleagues in Congress coming together there   
Lack of transparency in the DNC’s debate requirements means lack of trust in the process, and a sense of trying to take power away from voters. It's more important than ever that we carry our message forward until we finally have a govt of, by, and for the people. 
Cost of Iran war? A region engulfed in bloodletting, countless lives, many trillions$, our ntnl security undermined, ISIS/AQ strengthened, massive immigration crisis, possible confrontation btwn US ; nuclear Russia or China. War without end because “victory” will remain undefined 
 TONIGHT at 7pm CT: Ten 2020 presidential candidates gather in Iowa to discuss the issues that impact the lives of LGBTQ people.…
 Here's the schedule for Sunday's Youth Voice presidential candidate forum:8:40 - 9:10 - 9:40…
 As workers were on the picket lines Monday night, GM decided to terminate insurance coverage for thousands of UAW members and thei…
Our leaders always say there isn’t enough money for healthcare for all, for education or to rebuild infrastructure. As president I will end regime change wars that waste lives ; trillions of $ and instead redirect those resources to nation building here at home.  
  Iowa Democratic Caucus, Post Debate Poll:Warren 24%Biden 16%Sanders 16%Buttigieg 13%Harris 5%Gabbard 4%Kl…
After al-Qaeda attacked our country on 9/11, Americans were united in our determination to destroy al-Qaeda. But our leaders got off-mission, waging regime change wars in Iraq, Libya, and Syria, enabling al-Qaeda to become stronger today than it was on 9/11. 
 This gave me a good laugh first thing in the morning! One is significantly better at the double-front kick than the other.
 This article is misinformed. I’m not attending the Houston event due to previously scheduled presidential campaign events. However I'm hoping to meet PM Modi on his visit to discuss the importance of maintaining the strong partnership of the world's oldest ; largest democracies.
 This actually made me LOL.
 In California, is in a statistical tie with Yang, above O’Rourke, Booker, Klobuchar, and Castro.  Just for a…
Too many people don’t know what’s in our Bill of Rights ; Constitution. Hyper-partisan divides tear us apart. Let’s stand united to uphold freedoms enshrined in our Constitution. Our loyalty must be to the Constitution - not to any one person or political party.  
  Despicable. Offering to place our military assets under the command of a foreign country—Saudi Arabia—i…
 Purdue Pharma, the makers of Oxycontin, made billions from the suffering of millions, myself included.Not all of us are…
I am proud to stand with the nearly 50k workers as they fight for fair wages and economic security. GM is enjoying record profits and it’s time they include workers in their prosperity  
 Despicable. Offering to place our military assets under the command of a foreign country—Saudi Arabia—is a disgrace and betrayal of my patriotic brothers and sisters in uniform and to our Constitution. We are not your prostitutes. You are not our pimp. 
 yessir. One of your earliest investors via Kickstarter
  Trump awaits instructions from his Saudi masters. Having our country act as Saudi Arabia's bitch is n…
HIIT workout. 25 exercises using the bench. No excuses. Start your week right!  
 Trump awaits instructions from his Saudi masters. Having our country act as Saudi Arabia's bitch is not "America First." 
 Happy to welcome to campus today! Thanks to junior ; Day Center fellow, Adam Carlson, for the…
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Town Hall - Ankeny, IA      
 Look forward to having you join us out here. Thank you!
 Thanks for having me on your show
Our leaders failed us after 9/11. Countless lives and limbs lost. Trillions of dollars wasted. Unimaginable death, pain and suffering in the Middle East. A refugee crisis. Yet al-Qaeda is stronger today than on 9/11. 
Stand with Tulsi at this critical moment when the powerful, corrupt, political elite are trying to silence the voice of one of the most courageous leaders our country has known in decades. Donate now ;  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Town Hall - Council Bluffs, IA     
Aloha Newton!!! Thank you so much for coming out this morning. It was so great meeting you all and hearing from you about the issues that you care about most.   
What our leaders so often overlook when it comes to jobs and employment stats is quality of life. We shouldn’t have to spend all of our time working just to survive. We need time to spend with our loved ones, and time to ourselves. One job should be enough.  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Town Hall - Cedar Rapids, IA     
 NH polls have ahead of Harris, Buttigieg, Castro, Booker, Yang, and Klobuchar. 
Our campaign is on a MISSION — motivated by love for our country and our people, we are fighting for our future ... and making sure that we have one. There is so much at stake. Eyes forward. Mission focus. Let’s get it done.  
Our campaign is on a MISSION — motivated by love for our country and our people, we are fighting for our future ... and making sure that we have one. There is so much at stake. Eyes forward. Mission focus. Let’s get it done.  
Our campaign is on a MISSION — motivated by love for our country and our people, we are fighting for our future ... and making sure that we have one. There is so much at stake. Eyes forward. Mission focus. Let’s get it done.  
I’ll tackle climate change by ending subsidies to big fossil fuel and agri-biz, ban offshore drilling, harness innovation to create jobs in renewable energy, provide better opportunities for our farmers, and ensure every American has clean air and water.  
I’ll tackle climate change by ending subsidies to big fossil fuel and agri-biz, ban offshore drilling, harness innovation to create jobs in renewable energy, provide better opportunities for our farmers, and ensure every American has clean air and water.  
I’ll tackle climate change by ending subsidies to big fossil fuel and agri-biz, ban offshore drilling, harness innovation to create jobs in renewable energy, provide better opportunities for our farmers, and ensure every American has clean air and water.  
While I was away on Army National Guard duty, my sister asked you to be my voice. I couldn’t have imagined the outpouring of support I would receive. I continue to fight FOR YOU! Thank you for believing in me. Together, we can win this!  
While I was away on Army National Guard duty, my sister asked you to be my voice. I couldn’t have imagined the outpouring of support I would receive. I continue to fight FOR YOU! Thank you for believing in me. Together, we can win this!  
While I was away on Army National Guard duty, my sister asked you to be my voice. I couldn’t have imagined the outpouring of support I would receive. I continue to fight FOR YOU! Thank you for believing in me. Together, we can win this!  
Big tech. Overreaching government. Our constitutional rights are under attack. As president, I’ll protect your rights to free speech, civil liberties and personal privacy because they’re essential to our American values and must never be compromised.  
Big tech. Overreaching government. Our constitutional rights are under attack. As president, I’ll protect your rights to free speech, civil liberties and personal privacy because they’re essential to our American values and must never be compromised.  
Big tech. Overreaching government. Our constitutional rights are under attack. As president, I’ll protect your rights to free speech, civil liberties and personal privacy because they’re essential to our American values and must never be compromised.  
When we speak truth to power our patriotism is questioned. When we oppose the regime change war of the moment, we are smeared as “dictator-lovers.” When the Iraq war was being hyped, opponents were called “Saddam-lovers,” as well as an “Assad-lover.”  
When we speak truth to power our patriotism is questioned. When we oppose the regime change war of the moment, we are smeared as “dictator-lovers.” When the Iraq war was being hyped, opponents were called “Saddam-lovers,” as well as an “Assad-lover.”  
When we speak truth to power our patriotism is questioned. When we oppose the regime change war of the moment, we are smeared as “dictator-lovers.” When the Iraq war was being hyped, opponents were called “Saddam-lovers,” as well as an “Assad-lover.”  
We have the power ; we need to use that power to elect leaders who are truly of, by ; for the people. Our campaign does not accept $$ from PACs/lobbyists ; MSM. Only w/ your help can we get our message out and build this people-powered movement.  
We have the power ; we need to use that power to elect leaders who are truly of, by ; for the people. Our campaign does not accept $$ from PACs/lobbyists ; MSM. Only w/ your help can we get our message out and build this people-powered movement.  
We have the power ; we need to use that power to elect leaders who are truly of, by ; for the people. Our campaign does not accept $$ from PACs/lobbyists ; MSM. Only w/ your help can we get our message out and build this people-powered movement.  
As diverse as our country is, we stand united as Americans and we are there for each other, especially during the darkest of moments. When we stand together, united by our love for each other and for our country, there is no challenge we cannot overcome.  
We filed a lawsuit against Google because no tech monopoly or any other entity should have the undue influence to suppress freedom of speech and unfairly impact elections. If Google can do it to me, they can do it to you.  
We filed a lawsuit against Google because no tech monopoly or any other entity should have the undue influence to suppress freedom of speech and unfairly impact elections. If Google can do it to me, they can do it to you.  
We filed a lawsuit against Google because no tech monopoly or any other entity should have the undue influence to suppress freedom of speech and unfairly impact elections. If Google can do it to me, they can do it to you.  
As diverse as our country is, we stand united as Americans and we are there for each other, especially during the darkest of moments. When we stand together, united by our love for each other and for our country, there is no challenge we cannot overcome.  
As diverse as our country is, we stand united as Americans and we are there for each other, especially during the darkest of moments. When we stand together, united by our love for each other and for our country, there is no challenge we cannot overcome.  
As diverse as our country is, we stand united as Americans and we are there for each other, especially during the darkest of moments. When we stand together, united by our love for each other and for our country, there is no challenge we cannot overcome.  
18 years ago, our nation was attacked by al-Qaeda. Thousands were killed, and now we honor their memory. Let us come together and unite around the common spirit of love for our country and for each other to defend our nation, our freedom, and our future.  
18 years ago, our nation was attacked by al-Qaeda. Thousands were killed, and now we honor their memory. Let us come together and unite around the common spirit of love for our country and for each other to defend our nation, our freedom, and our future.  
18 years ago, our nation was attacked by al-Qaeda. Thousands were killed, and now we honor their memory. Let us come together and unite around the common spirit of love for our country and for each other to defend our nation, our freedom, and our future.  
I love our country. It’s why I decided to enlist after 9/11, why I serve in Congress, and why I’m offering to serve as your commander in chief — to protect you, our Constitution, our freedom.  
I love our country. It’s why I decided to enlist after 9/11, why I serve in Congress, and why I’m offering to serve as your commander in chief — to protect you, our Constitution, our freedom.  
I love our country. It’s why I decided to enlist after 9/11, why I serve in Congress, and why I’m offering to serve as your commander in chief — to protect you, our Constitution, our freedom.  
Eighteen years ago, our nation was attacked by al-Qaeda. Thousands were killed, and now we honor their memory. Let us come together and unite around the common spirit of love for our country and for each other ... to defend our nation, our freedom, and our future.  
 These firefighters in New Zealand performed the haka to honor first responders on the 18th anniversary of 9/11 
  New Hampshire Democratic Primary:Sanders 29%Biden 21%Warren 17%Harris 6%Yang 5%Buttigieg 5%Gabbard 3%O'R…
 He was supposed to be in the Twin Towers on 9/11. Instead, LT Day helped coordinate the largest maritime evacuation in hist…
As diverse as our country is, we stand united as Americans and we are there for each other, especially during the darkest of moments. When we stand together, united by our love for each other and for our country, there is no challenge we cannot overcome.  
As an American ; a veteran, I take seriously the responsibility of giving voice to the mental health concerns of our veterans ; fellow Americans. We all need to be here for each other, and ensure we ahave the resources to reach those who are suffering  
Good riddance. If Trump really was for peace, he never would have hired Bolton, Pompeo, Haley, and the rest of those neocons in the first place. 
We filed a lawsuit against Google because no tech monopoly or any other entity should have the undue influence to suppress freedom of speech and unfairly impact elections. If Google can do it to me, they can do it to you.  
We have the power ; we need to use that power to elect leaders who are truly of, by ; for the people. Our campaign does not accept $$ from PACs/lobbyists ; we aren't getting a hand up from MSM. Only w/ your help can we get our message out and build this people-powered movement. 
On the road: the momentum is growing! Grateful for all our Iowa support. Join us! ;  
 It was good to see you tonight. Thank you
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Town Hall - Los Angeles, CA     
 Good idea!
 Catch on The in 15 minutes! Link below 👇🏼 
The latest Washington Post / ABC News poll has us at 2%. So this is our 3rd out of 4 required "qualifying polls" needed to be on the debate stage in October.
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - AAPI Presidential Forum - Costa Mesa, CA    
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - AAPI Presidential Forum - Costa Mesa, CA    
When we speak truth to power our patriotism is questioned. When we oppose the regime change war of the moment, we are smeared as “dictator-lovers.” When the Iraq war was being hyped, opponents were called “Saddam-lovers,” just as those in power today smear me as an “Assad-lover.” 
 Donate to 🌺💜🌈  
 Early flight! Headed to LA for a few events today - public town hall tonight at 948 W Adams Blvd @ 7pm
Sending well wishes and a happy birthday to my friend
 At the NH Veterans and Military Families forum this morning, said  is affecting our ability to take…
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Town Hall - Manchester, NH     
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - New Hampshire Democratic Party Convention - Manchester, NH     
30 exercises. 600 reps. Get some.     
  speaking to a packed house this morning.  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Vote Vets Candidate Forum - Manchester, NH      
Big tech. Overreaching government. Our constitutional rights are under attack. As president, I’ll protect your rights to free speech, civil liberties and personal privacy because they’re essential to our American values and must never be compromised.  
 For the first time in this campaign, and join a veterans forum to t…
While I was away on Army National Guard duty, my sister asked you to be my voice. I couldn’t have imagined the outpouring of support I would receive. I continue to fight FOR YOU! Thank you for believing in me. Together, we can win this! 
We're almost at 170,000 unique donors! Share with your friends! Donate now —&gt;  —TeamTulsi 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Town Hall - Nashua, NH    
 took the time to talk to student ambassadors this morning before Politics and Eggs. 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Town Hall - Weare, NH    
 September is National Suicide Prevention Awareness Month. Our nation loses 20 veterans to suicide every day, making this a nation…
 speaking at  kicking off four days of NH as center of the political universe!
As president, I’ll tackle climate change by ending subsidies to big fossil fuel and agribiz corporations, ban offshore drilling, harness innovation to create jobs in renewable energy, provide better opportunities for our farmers, and ensure every American has clean air and water. 
 Full house for at Politics ; Eggs    
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Politics ; Eggs - Manchester, NH    
Climate change solutions require cooperation with China/Russia, which new Cold War makes impossible. As president, I’ll stand up against the military industrial complex ; warmongering media—Will anyone else? If not, their “plans” re climate change are worthless 
 Don't miss our next Democracy Town Hall. This Friday at 6pm in Dover, NH. 
Aloha! Ready to be asked anything! Join me on reddit for an AMA now:  
 Bogor, Indonesia 2011
 “'It’s easy to get stuck on the darkness,' he said. 'It’s a lot harder to focus on that light. And when you are able to focus on…
 Thanks but already got the rose.
Federer.  WOW  
 Iowa, NH, NC and Nevada Democratic Poll:Biden 32%Sanders 21%Warren 17%Harris 7%Steyer 6%Buttigi…
 UPDATE:  payments will continue for those affected by hurricanes. 
 On my way to Boston too! There today, in New Hampshire tomorrow
  poll of the 2020 Democratic primary from The Economist and YouGov:% support among LVs (change vs last month)Bid…
Our campaign is on a MISSION — motivated by love for our country and our people, we are fighting for our future ... and making sure that we have one. There is so much at stake. Eyes forward. Mission focus. Let’s get it done.    
Looking forward to answering your questions live tomorrow, Wednesday, Sept. 4th on Reddit! Tune in to r/WayOfTheBern/ at 5PM ET (2PM PST / 11AM HST).
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Meet ; Greet - Mason City, IA    
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Meet ; Greet - Mason City, IA    
To all in Florida and the South East: with the approach of Hurricane Dorian, please be safe and heed all warnings from local officials! 
Thank you  Great town hall this morning where we talked about many important issues including immigration reform, the need to pass sensible gun safety laws, protect our environment, end the failed war on drugs, end wasteful wars and invest in serving our people! 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Town Hall - Davenport, IA    
Aloha Dubuque! Had so much fun walking in the  parade this morning and meeting so many great people! We will be back in  tomorrow morning (9/3) for a town hall at 10am at See you then!    
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Salute to Labor Picnic - Moline, IL    
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Labor Day Parade - Dubuque, IA    
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Labor Day Parade - Dubuque, IA    
 6 AM EDT Tropical Cyclone Update on Hurricane  Eye of Dorian Wobbling over Grand Bahama Island. 
Join us on the road! We had a great day in Ft Dodge ; Nashua yesterday, and on to Dubuque and Davenport today. Have a great  today!   
May God bless the working men and women of America!   
Aloha Nashua, IA! Met some really great people at the   Bob, who served in the Korean War, was telling me about his Basic Training at  on O’ahu in the 1950’s when there were only two hotels on the island.     
Honored to meet FF Conrad and others from the Fort Dodge Fire Department who are out here working hard to raise money for . Thank you for your service!     
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - PA 2 Fort Dodge Labor Day Picnic - Fort Dodge, IA    
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Fort Dodge Labor Day Picnic - Fort Dodge, IA    
You are why I'm in this fight.  
 “My heart has a hole so big, I can hardly stand it,” wrote his father. “He was the finest young man I have ever known. Not…
The special thing about today was celebrating family ; aloha. We are so proud of Tua ; Taulia Tagovailoa who represent their ohana, our home state of Hawaii, and the Polynesian people with honor and pride. Grateful to Galu and Diane for inviting us!   
So excited to be here in  with our good friends to cheer on I first met Tua when he was just a kid - His aunt, Sai, was my first hire when I was elected to the State House in 2002.    
With less than 24 hours notice, over 300 people came out to our first ever Atlanta town hall last night!  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Atlanta TULSI Town Hall - Atlanta, GA [RE-STREAM]    
With less than 24 hours notice, over 300 people came out to our first town hall in Atlanta last night! Amazing energy — We are not slowing down. Onward! Thanks to for your amazing venue and for all you do.   
 Looks like Nick Saban just added another top recruit: check out hanging with Tua’s family in Atlanta for Bam…
No transparency = no trust.  
So sorry the feed cut out! We will post the whole speech as soon as we can. 🙏🏽-V.
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Atlanta TULSI Town Hall - Atlanta, GA    
 Thank you and right back at you, sis. You are amazing! Hope to see you soon. 
 Great meeting you as well! Have a safe flight.
Presidents of both parties have wasted trillions of tax dollars on regime change wars and new cold war. This must end. I’ve seen the cost of war first-hand, and as your commander in chief, I’ll stand up against the warmongering foreign policy establishment clamoring for more war. 
Amazing visit today with workers in Newton, IA who are building wind turbines for installation across the country. As President, I will usher in a new green century where we transition off fossil fuels and invest in a renewable energy economy. 
 At town hall tonight in Perry, IA - audience members were asked to shout out reasons why they think Ga…
 OKLAHOMANS!!! Funeral Home Asking Public To Attend Services For WWII Vetwith No Living Family10 AMWednesday, Sep 4 Gra…
No transparency = no trust. With your help, we will carry our message forward until we finally have a government that stands for the people, for our planet, and for peace. Stand with me ;  
U.S. presence in Afghanistan costs us $4 billion a month. Imagine what we could do with those billions to care for our sick, support our teachers, provide housing and education and serve people in other ways. I’ll end wars that waste our money.   
U.S. presence in Afghanistan costs us $4 billion a month. Imagine what we could do with those billions to care for our sick, support our teachers, provide housing and education and serve people in other ways. I’ll end wars that waste our money.  
U.S. presence in Afghanistan costs us $4 billion a month. Imagine what we could do with those billions to care for our sick, support our teachers, provide housing and education and serve people in other ways. I’ll end wars that waste our money.  
U.S. presence in Afghanistan costs us $4 billion a month. Imagine what we could do with those billions to care for our sick, support our teachers, provide housing and education and serve people in other ways. I’ll end wars that waste our money.   
It’s easy for politicians today to say we should not have overthrown the brutal dictator they won’t be smeared by media as “Saddam lovers” like Sanders was. Courageous leaders speak out against wars WHILE their voices can still make a difference   
It’s easy for politicians today to say we should not have overthrown the brutal dictator they won’t be smeared by media as “Saddam lovers” like Sanders was. Courageous leaders speak out against wars WHILE their voices can still make a difference   
There is nothing more powerful than when we stand united by love for country and each other to bring about the change in leadership we need and deserve. As president, Tulsi will always put our country's interests ahead of her own.    
There is nothing more powerful than when we stand united by love for country and each other to bring about the change in leadership we need and deserve. As president, Tulsi will always put our country's interests ahead of her own.    
There is nothing more powerful than when we stand united by our love for country and each other to bring about the change in leadership we need and deserve. As president, Tulsi will always put our country's interests ahead of her own. Service above Self.   
As our nation’s founders envisioned, our gov’t is to be “of, by, and for the people.” To make that a reality, we need leaders with the courage to stand up to the military industrial complex that profits from a perpetual war economy, and which cares more about profits than people. 
It’s easy for politicians today to say we should not have overthrown the brutal dictator Saddam Hussein—they won’t be smeared by media as “Saddam lovers” like Sanders was. Courageous leaders speak out against wars WHILE their voices can still make a difference.  
 My  video poem I wrote to why I think Tulsi Gabbard is the best presidential candidate of my lifetime…
Because ... it’s  Tulsi and I went out for a sunrise walk and swim right before she left for Indonesia, and Tulsi made a new friend :) She’ll be back soon! -Abraham   
Tulsi is back from active duty tomorrow. Welcome her back with your support! Let's get her 1,000 new donors! —&gt;  —TeamTulsi 
There is nothing more powerful than when we stand united by our love for country and each other to bring about the change in leadership we need and deserve. As president, Tulsi will always put our country's interests ahead of her own. Tulsi will always put service above self. 
Thank you 🙏🏽-V. 
 A homeless Army veteran who lived behind a Wisconsin Walmart has gained a new lease on life, thanks to a veterans vill…
Thank you 🙏🏽-V.Some of the many reasons  has my support!💯‼     ✅ Ending wars/regime change✅ Medicare For All✅ Resigned from DNC Vice Chair to support Bernie in 2016✅ Major in Army National Guard ; knows cost of war better than anyone 
"I’ll never apologize to smear merchants for doing everything I can to prevent more of my brothers ; sisters from being killed/wounded. If it means meeting with a brutal dictator or a 100 dictators, I will do whatever it takes to prevent or end a regime change war." —TeamTulsi 
"US presence in Afghanistan costs $4billion a month. Imagine what we could do with those billions to care for our sick, support our teachers, provide housing ; education, ; other ways serve the American people. I’ll end wars that waste our money and make us less safe." —TeamTulsi 
Tulsi Gabbard’s campaign is calling on the DNC to ensure fairness and transparency in debate requirements. Read more —&gt; 
"As president I’ll end the failed war on drugs, legalize marijuana, end cash bail, and ban private prisons and bring about real criminal justice reform. I’ll crack down on the overreaching intel agencies and big tech monopolies who threaten our civil liberties and free speech." 
 As you prepare to vote this week, we stand with the in calling on the to hold a debate dedicated exclusively to climate change. America, and the world, needs leadership on this issue now more than ever. Our party should give it to them. 🙏🏽-V. 
 Tulsi is on the verge of being excluded from the next debate, despite passing the required threshold in polls published by the…
"Living in Hawai'i, the problem of climate change and environmental pollution is personal. I’ve dedicated my life to protecting our country, including protecting our precious land, water, ; air. As president, I’ll continue to fight for the wellbeing of all Americans.” —TeamTulsi 
“Caring for our fellow Americans is the highest form of patriotism. As president, I will not tolerate Big Pharma ripping off the American people, families going broke because of medical bills, or seniors who have to choose between paying for food or medicine.” —TeamTulsi 
Thank you Patricia!!! I love your  video 😍🙏🏽-V. 
The Frank LaMere Native American Presidential Forum is historic — 1st ever presidential forum focused on serving indigenous communities. Tulsi so wanted to be there but is serving overseas on Army active duty this week. She is with you in spirit! 🙏🏽-V.  
Thank You 🙏🏽-V.  
You need to see this. It’s heartbreaking. A mother mourns her children killed by a man with history of domestic abuse. We need common sense laws to keep people like him from having a gun. This isn’t about politics. It’s a matter of life and death. —TeamTulsi  
Thank you 🙏🏽-V.  
"We spend $4 billion every month on a war in Afghanistan. How can we look our veterans in the eye ; tell them we have no money for their healthcare? As president, I’ll work to end these wars, bring our troops home, ; treat our veterans with the respect they deserve." —TeamTulsi 
We're at 162,648! Let's surprise Tulsi when she gets back from National Guard active duty on August 26 by reaching 170,000! Let's show her how much grassroots support there truly is for her and for her message of peace and prosperity for all! —TeamTulsi 
 Thank You 🙏🏽 -V. 
"Big tech. Overreaching government. Our constitutional rights are under attack. As president, I’ll protect your rights to free speech, civil liberties and personal privacy because they’re essential to our American values and must never be compromised." —TeamTulsi  
 Because she’s the only politician with the courage to stand up to the powerful corporate interests that benefit most from syphoning the wealth of our nation to further a wasteful agenda abroad.    Thank you 🙏🏽 -V. 
Meet Haylie! It was her insta post on a week ago that inspired the  campaign.  I am excited to use her vid to kick it all off. Haylie, thank you for all that you do. We are so honored to have your support. 🙏🏽-V.     
“America means freedom. How can we still be incarcerating people for using marijuana? This is counter to everything we stand for. As president, I'll end the federal prohibition on marijuana, end mass incarceration, and reform our criminal justice system.”  —TeamTulsi  
 While Tulsi is overseas serving in uniform for the next two weeks, let us be her voice and tell the world why we need her to be president. 🙏🏽 -V.    
Our leaders have failed us. After 18 years, thousands are dead, trillions of dollars wasted. We’re right back where we started. It’s time to bring our troops home from in Afghanistan. - Team Tulsi  
 provides a thorough, clear-eyed discussion about the issues facing our country and the reality of mainstream media bias. 
Tulsi doesn’t just talk the talk, she walks the walk. She’s stepping away from her presidential campaign for 2 weeks to serve our country on active duty. Learn more ;  
 Nothing says "Russian plant" like an American soldier continuing to interrupt her own life in order to serve her country.…
Not for power. Not for status. Not for legacy. This video tells the full story of what made me decide to run for President. I love this country and would do anything to protect the American people. Please share this video and help spread our message!  
159,514! We set a goal of 160,000 by midnight tonight and we’re only 486 away. Donate now to be part of our movement for peace and prosperity for all ;  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi visits Mauna Kea - Pu`uhuluhulu, HI   
We must stop trying to be the world’s police. As your commander-in-chief, I’ll end the wasteful regime change wars, work to end the new cold war, bring our troops home, and redirect our precious tax dollars into serving the urgent needs of our people here at home.  
To our Muslim brothers and sisters around the world, I wish you peace and happiness as you celebrate today! 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Tulsi Meet ; Greet - Ames, IA    
Unfortunately, we have a president who foments fear ; divisiveness for his own political gain. As president, I’ll lead with the unifying spirit of love of country ; each other — we’re all connected, all children of God, no matter our race, religion, or where we come from. 
 Done. How about now?
 Socialism warning: is redistributing her carnival game prizes to the kids.  
 Tulsi Gabbard on attacks from the press since she criticized the record of Kamala Harris in the Detroit debate: “It just shows…
 Today we were asking presidential candidates and what they would do to reduce t…
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Iowa State Fair Political Soapbox - Des Moines, IA    
One week ago, we made waves in Detroit. Our voices were heard on that debate stage. Our movement is growing. Almost 160k donors! Thank you. I couldn’t do this without you — let’s keep it going!      
Latest unique donor count ; 157,045. We're on track to reach our goal by Sunday. Keep spreading the word! Thank you for all your support! 
This is powerful. Read the thread. 
  Boil Water Advisory Underway for Flint after ANOTHER water main breaks. But trust the state and EPA...the wa…
Thank you You've dedicated your life to fighting for the best of what our country is and can be—a government of, by and for the people and a force for peace in the world. I'm thankful for your voice and example and humbled by your endorsement.  
I will talk with brutal dictators anywhere in the world if I can prevent one of my brother and sisters in uniform from dying on foreign soil in senseless regime change wars. The only alternative to diplomacy is war.  
Support Tulsi for a government that is truly of, by and for the people.    
Not for power. Not for status. Not for legacy. This video tells the full story of what made me decide to run for President. I love this country and would do anything to protect the American people. Support Tulsi Gabbard. Donate Now!    
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - New York Town Hall, New York, NY   
Kamala’s entire campaign is based on a lie — that as AG of California, she was a fighter for the oppressed and for criminal justice reform. But her criminal justice record shows that her policies exemplified the worst aspects of our criminal justice system. 
Not for power. Not for status. Not for legacy. This video tells the full story of what made me decide to run for President. I love this country and would do anything to protect the American people. Support Tulsi Gabbard. Donate Now!   
Not for power. Not for status. Not for legacy. This video tells the full story of what made me decide to run for President. I love this country and would do anything to protect the American people. Support Tulsi Gabbard. Donate Now!    
It's only with your support that we can keep our momentum going. This is a true grassroots campaign and people are hungry for our message. Together, we can bring back a government of, by, and for the people ; 
Support Tulsi for a government that is truly of, by and for the people.    
Support Tulsi for a government that is truly of, by and for the people.    
We've reached our 150k donor goal! It's time the establishment takes our message seriously. This is a campaign powered 100% by the people! Join us to help build a bright future - Donate here: 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Venice Meet ; Greet - Venice, CA   
With just 4 hours notice, hundreds of people turned out for our town hall in LA today. Thank you all so much for your support! Thanks to for hosting us all on such short notice!   
When the gunman opened fire inside the El Paso Walmart, instead of running away, Army Specialist Glendon Oakley ran toward the sound of the gunfire. He helped children escape, carrying them to safety. His courageous actions exemplify service above self. 
FYI - Tried to go live in Venice, CA but the signal cut out and we can't stream. Sorry! We will try to post it later. -Live Video Team
This is a dark day in America. Less than 24 hours ago, it was El Paso. Today, Dayton. Tomorrow? These lives lost are an immediate and tragic consequence of racism and bigotry being used to divide us. Enough. We are one nation. We must stand together and end this madness.
 no, plane taking off as we speak
Trump’s supporting/protecting al-Qaeda in Syria because those terrorists share the US goal of overthrowing the Assad regime is a huge betrayal to all of our servicemembers, to all of those first responders on 9/11, to every family that lost a loved one on that day.  
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Las Vegas Town Hall - Las Vegas, NV   
Sending all of our love and strength to the people of El Paso during this terrible tragedy. Thank you to the brave first responders, putting their lives on the line to prevent more from being killed. We can and must come together to prevent these senseless shootings.
Not for power. Not for status. Not for legacy. This video tells the full story of what made me decide to run for President. I love this country and would do anything to protect the American people. Please share this video and help spread our message!  
Thanks to you - we did it. We’ve blown past the DNC 130,000 donor mark! Let’s keep this momentum going and show the establishment what happens when we, the people, make sure our voices heard.  
 You helped us get there! Thank you
We've blown past 130,000 donors! With your help, we can get past 150,000 this weekend! In 2020, the establishment will be reminded that it’s the PEOPLE who choose our president—not the rich and powerful! Share with your friends! Donate now ;  
Van Jones points to the steel in Tulsi. Tulsi has no fear!    
128,403! We are so close, with support growing since the  Will you help us get the 130,000 unique donors we need to qualify for the next debate? Donate now ;  
Senator Harris claims to be “for the people”. Her record as AG tells a very different story. (link:      
Last night, you saw the impact of our voice being heard on the debate stage. I need your help to qualify for the next debate. Will you help us reach our goal of 130,000 donors by Sunday? Click the link below to donate now.    
Our criminal justice system benefits the rich and punishes the poor. This is why I’ve introduced legislation like the “Ending Federal Marijuana Prohibition Act”  →  -Tulsi2020 
 For Iraq War veteran the question of removing troops from Afghanistan is personal. She says she'll bring the…
  In the words of Tulsi Gabbard; “You actually blocked evidence from being reviled which will hav…
Tulsi exposes Kamala on criminal justice reform ;    
Following the last two debates, Tulsi has spiked to  in Google Trends, showing America is hungry for her message of ending wasteful wars and the nuclear arms race. Join us to ensure she makes the donation requirement for the September debate   
I know what patriotism is ; I’ve known many great patriots throughout my life. Trump is not a patriot. As president, I will bring this spirit of real patriotism to the White House, serving the interests of all Americans, not just the rich and powerful.  
The core of the problem is that Big Insurance ; Big Pharma, who are profiting off the backs of sick people, have had a seat at this table writing healthcare legislation. We’ve got to shut Big Insurance ; Big Pharma out of the drafting process.   
Tulsi takes down Kamala Harris over her record on criminal justice reform, the death penalty, and the war on drugs -TULSI2020    
This is personal. I grew up in Hawaii which is the most remote island chain in the world. Protecting our environment is not a political issue, its a way of life. This is why I introduced OFF Act to transition to 100% renewable energy    
TPP gave away our sovereignty to a panel of international corps whose rulings would supersede our laws. This goes against our values as a country, would have a negative impact on domestic jobs ; lacked clear environmental protections    
14,000 service members are deployed to Afghanistan right now. This is about leadership—the leadership I will bring to do the right thing, to bring our troops home, within the first year in office    
We were all lied to. We were told that Saddam had WMD, was working w/ Al Qaeda ; that this posed a threat to the American people. But not only have we not gone after Al Qaeda, they are stronger than they were on 9/11    
Trump ; warmongering politicians have failed us. They continue to escalate tensions w/ other nuclear armed countries pushing us closer ; closer to the brink of nuclear catastrophe. As president, I will end this insanity.    
Tulsi ROCKED it tonight! Catch the  wave — get some Tulsi merch now before it’s too late (purchases count toward our 130K donor goal!) →  
Following the last two debates, Tulsi has spiked to  in Google Trends, showing America is hungry for her message of ending wasteful wars and the nuclear arms race. Join us to ensure she makes the donation requirement for the September debate   
Trump ; warmongering politicians have failed us. They continue to escalate tensions w/ other nuclear armed countries pushing us closer ; closer to the brink of nuclear catastrophe. As president, I will end this insanity.    
 NEW: Rep. Tulsi Gabbard was the most searched-for candidate across all 50 states during the second  per
 Tulsi Gabbard hit Kamala Harris harder tonight than Joe Biden has ever been able to, says editor Charlie Mahtesian.More top…
We were all lied to. We were told that Saddam had WMD, was working w/ Al Qaeda ; that this posed a threat to the American people. But not only have we not gone after Al Qaeda, they are stronger than they were on 9/11    
14,000 service members are deployed to Afghanistan right now. This is about leadership—the leadership I will bring to do the right thing, to bring our troops home, within the first year in office    
TPP gave away our sovereignty to a panel of international corps whose rulings would supersede our laws. This goes against our values as a country, would have a negative impact on domestic jobs ; lacked clear environmental protections    
This is personal. I grew up in Hawaii which is the most remote island chain in the world. Protecting our environment is not a political issue, it's a way of life. This is why I introduced OFF Act to transition to 100% renewable energy    
 Rep. Tulsi Gabbard on Sen. Kamala Harris' time as prosecutor: "I'm concerned about this record of Senator Harris. She put over 1,5…
Tulsi takes down Kamala Harris over her record on criminal justice reform, the death penalty, and the war on drugs -TULSI2020    
 Kamala tells Tulsi "I challenge you to make decisions under fire" 😂 
 Tulsi Gabbard hit Kamala Harris harder tonight than Joe Biden has ever been able to, says editor laid…
The core of the problem is that Big Insurance ; Big Pharma, who are profiting off the backs of sick people, have had a seat at this table writing healthcare legislation. We’ve got to shut Big Ins ; Big Pharma out of the drafting process.   
 FEC campaign finance records show that Senator Harris has received thousands of dollars from executives at drug companies…
I know what patriotism is ; I’ve known many great patriots throughout my life. Trump is not a patriot. As president, I will bring this spirit of real patriotism to the White House, serving the interests of all Americans, not just the rich and powerful.  
  says drug companies and insurance companies can't be allowed to keep profiting off of sick people  h…
We're flattered Marianne agrees! - TULSI2020 
Aloha Detroit!!! Final green room selfie. Get it sister!!! -Vrindavan 
(2/2) …; lopsided in favor of certain candidates: Buttigieg 7, Sanders 6, Warren 4, Klobuchar 4, Ryan 4, Bullock 3, O’Rourke 2, Delaney 2, Williamson 2, Hickenlooper 2. CNN (debate) should not be picking winners and losers, but that is what they did. – Vrindavan (Tulsi’s sister)
(1/2) If tonight’s debate on CNN is as biased/unfair as last night, the DNC needs to reconsider CNN hosting future debates.  The number of original questions (with 60 seconds to respond to each) was very biased…
Tulsi takes the stage at 8p ET on CNN! Follow along with the hashtags  and  If you still haven’t joined a watch party, find one here →  
 From  New Hampshire to Detroit: will be at tonight's  as a guest of 
I love our country. It’s why I decided to enlist after 9/11, why I serve in Congress, and why I’m offering to serve as your commander in chief — to protect you, our Constitution, our freedom.      
I’m taking action because the unchecked power of Big Tech companies over our public discourse is a danger to our core American values of free speech and fair elections. This isn’t about me—I’m fighting on behalf of all Americans ; our freedoms. Join me ; 
Latest unique donor count: 108,292! Please share with your friends. Donate here ;  
Join me in this fight to end big tech monopolies power to censor ; undermine Americans’ freedom of speech—because whether we are progressives or conservatives, left or right, if we do not stand united to protect our freedoms, we all lose.   
Starting out this  with one of my favorite soundtracks of all time   
 “I looked at the clerk jokingly and just asked, 'How much for the rest of the shoes in here?'” Then she bought 1,500 pairs.…
As a patriot who loves our country and all our people, it pains me to see our troops risk their lives in regime change wars that make our country less secure. I’ll make sure our troops are sent on only missions worthy of their sacrifice, and always as a last resort.  
 Hawaii, STAND UP 🌺  
Watch this for why I voted for HRes246 and why I'll always defend our right to free speech ;   
 THE CHAMP. Representing our home and our people with aloha, strength, and honor. We are proud of you and cheering for you tonight!  
Last week, I went Puerto Rico to join the people calling for the corrupt Governor to resign — and on Wednesday, he did. Like all Americans, the people of Puerto Rico deserve leaders focused solely on serving the interest of the people.  
Latest unique donor count: 107,265! Please share with your friends. Donate here ;  
3/3 - Google’s discrimination against our campaign reveals the danger of their dominance ; how the dominance of big tech over public discourse threatens core American values.  They threaten our democracy ;  will fight back on behalf of all Americans. 
2/3 -  controls 88% of internet search in the US — giving it control over our access to information. Google’s arbitrary suspension of the account of a presidential candidate should be of concern to all Americans. 
TULSI2020: In the hours following the 1st debate, while millions of Americans searched for info about Tulsi, Google suspended her search ad account w/o explanation. It is vital to our democracy that big tech companies can’t affect the outcome of elections 
Many wrongly believe the only way the US can be “engaged” with other countries is by blowing them up. Isolationism is not the answer. We must engage with the world — I will lead with a foreign policy that is positive ; productive, not negative ; destructive.  
This is such an amazing ; historic moment! Truly inspired by this beautiful example of the power of people — showing the world that when we stand united by our love for each other ; our country, there is no obstacle we cannot overcome. This is just the beginning.  
Trump must immediately reach out in back channels to get back into the Iranian nuclear deal, with the provision that Iran will discuss the mutual de-escalation of the militarization of the Middle East — i.e. Iran and its archenemy, Saudi Arabia and Gulf States.  
Latest unique donor count: 105,301! A big thank you to everyone who has already donated! Please share with your friends. Donate here ;   
Love for country is the most important foundation to unite our country. I will bring the values of love for country and service before self to the White House—not try divide us intro tribes, like self-serving powerful politicians do for their own political purposes.  
Want to join me at the next debate in Detroit? We're covering hotel and flights for one of our supporters and a guest — we’ll be drawing the name today at  7:00pm EST. There’s a few hours left! Add your name to the drawing by clicking the link:   
I was in Puerto Rico last weekend to support my fellow Americans against the longstanding and widespread corruption causing so much suffering in Puerto Rico. We're not going to see the protests end until the governor does the right thing and resigns.  
 Props to for becoming the first 2020 presidential candidate to come on Lots of you are fans. She’ll…
  tells “We're not going to see” the protests against Puerto Rico’s embattled governor end, “unl…
 “A lesson in service and sacrifice for Rand Paul: An up-close and personal look at what Ground Zero workers did in the r…
I love our country. I stand with the people of Puerto Rico to support our fellow Americans who are standing up to the widespread corruption that undermine people's faith in our values, our freedoms, our democracy, and our country.  
Want to see the debates live in person in Detroit? We're covering the hotel and flight for one lucky winner and a guest. Chip anything now to automatically enter!  
I’m in Puerto Rico in solidarity with my fellow Americans protesting the corruption that has been going on here for far too long. I share the people’s demand for the resignation of the governor and an end to the widespread corruption that impacts every aspect of life here. 
Join me in calling on all Democrats running for President to come here to Puerto Rico and show support for our fellow Americans here who are taking a stand against corruption. We must stand up against corruption, even when that corruption is within our own ranks.  
(3/3) …we will stand up against corruption, even when that corruption is within our own Democratic ranks. So please come down here, even if it's just for a day, to show your support for the Puerto Rican people and their righteous cause.
(2/3) …are corrupt to the core, and the people of Puerto Rico have been suffering because of this kind of corruption for far too long. Anyone of us who is elected will be the head of the Democratic Party, and as such we need to let all Democrats know—indeed all Americans—that…
(1/3) I’m calling on all the candidates vying for the Democratic nomination to come here to Puerto Rico to show your support for the Puerto Rican Americans who are in dire need of all the support they can get. The Democratic governor and his administration…
  "I strongly urge Gov. Ige to withdraw his emergency declaration, delay new construction and bring leader…




In Old San Juan tonight to stand with the people of  against corruption. They deserve a government that serves them.   
 Let’s make it happen. DM me
 Just confirmed that presidential candidate has landed in Puerto Rico. Her team says she wants to meet with…
Ua mau ke ea o ka ʻāina i ka pono. This is about something much greater than the TMT project — it has to do with longstanding history on Mauna Kea, broken promises, desecration of sacred land and disrespect for native culture.  
Thanks to all of our supporters who made this possible. Tune in July 31  
Hawaii and Puerto Rico share many of the same experiences and stories. I stand with Puerto Ricans demanding change, who have had enough of government corruption, and who deserve a government of, by, and FOR the people. El pueblo unido jamás será vencido.  
Latest unique donor count: 102,957! With your help, I know we can reach 105,000 by Sunday night! Donate here ;  
 was a true servant-leader who rose from imprisonment to presidency, bringing together a divided nation, and inspiring a global community.    
What makes us Americans has nothing to do with our skin color or political views, but rather our commitment to a set of ideals enshrined in the Bill of Rights. Trump’s efforts to intimidate those with dissenting views infringes upon the very essence of America  
Some have noticed Tulsi's emails are getting shoveled into their  Spam/Junk folder. Can you check your Spam/Junk and let us know? Take the  survey ; 
Help us reach 130,000 by end of this month and qualify for the 3rd debates! Just chip in $1. Your $1 Counts. Donate here ;  
Trump again shows his willingness to sacrifice the interests of our country—the principles of equality and freedom of speech—for his own political gain.  
 I’d love to! Count me in.
 TODAY: We're in 📍Cedar Rapids, IA, for day THREE of  With presidential candidates
101,322 donors now — because of you. Thank you!! We are truly a people-powered campaign, and rely on you to help share our message all across this country. Let's keep this momentum going!   
As president, I’ll invest the $30 billion/year given to Big Oil into developing renewable energy. I'll always put your interests, our planet, ; our national security first—not the interests of powerful corporations, war profiteers, and foreign governments.  
 Feel good. The food is worth it.
 No American should ever tell another American to go back to any place other than America! Even those we vehemently dis…
Yet another example of Trump’s ignorance ; disdain for the values that truly make America great. His comments that 4 US citizen Members of Congress should “go back” to the countries they came from is further evidence he does not belong in the White House. 
 Happy birthday I hope you found some down time today with those you love. Thank you so much for your incredible support and sharing your birthday wish with our people-powered campaign!
US presence in Afghanistan costs us $4 billion a month.  Imagine what we could do with those billions to care for our sick, support our teachers, provide housing and education, and in other ways serve the American people. I’ll end wars that waste our money and make us less safe. 
 Are there any of my Michigan brothers and sisters that can go? 
Aloha! This is Tulsi's sister, Vrindavan. Tulsi is doing her Army National Guard duty this weekend, so we are working to get her 100k donors by Sunday at midnight! Will you help? ;   
This week's top video: End Failed War on Drugs!  
Please be safe and listen to all evacuation orders! Mahalo nui loa to Maui Fire who are doing all they can to battle these flames, and all the first responders who are working to keep people safe.  
98,643 — We're so close! Help us reach 100,000 by midnight on Sunday! Donate now ;  
Foreign policy is inseparable from domestic issues because as long as we are wasting trillions of dollars on regime change wars, the new cold war ; nuclear arms race, we will not have the money for infrastructure, health care, clean water, education, and other needs of our people 
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Youth ; Young Adults Awards Banquet at LULAC - Milwaukee, WI   
Tulsi Gabbard LIVE on the road - Milwaukee Town Hall - Milwaukee, WI (Re-stream)   
America was founded on the principle of govt of the people, by the people, and for the people. But what we have today is govt of, by, and for the rich and powerful. I’ll restore to the White House the spirit of service above self and put the American people before all else. 
Over 800 new donors yesterday brings us to 97,170!  A big aloha and thanks to all of you! With your help, I know we can reach 100,000 this week. Share this link with your friends! Donate here ;  
Over 800 new donors yesterday brings us to 97,170!  A big aloha and thanks to all of you! With your help, I know we can reach 100,000 this week. Share this link with your friends! Donate here ;  
Thank you ; all the activists who fought for a  My  will end subsidies to fossil fuels, ban fracking, and create incentives to transition to a 100%  economy and ensure clean air and water for all Americans
 Please consider donating even just $1 to . As THE anti-war candidate she deserves to participate in the ne…
Over 800 new donors yesterday brings us to 97,170!  A big aloha and thanks to all of you! With your help, I know we can reach 100,000 this week. Share this link with your friends! Donate here ;  
 Who doesn’t agree with everything is saying here?! 
The  responsibility our president has is as Commander in Chief. As a soldier for more than 16 years who has deployed twice to the Middle East, I will be ready to be Commander in Chief on day one, and I won’t be listening to the chicken hawks clamoring for more war.   
Here’s the latest  96,403. Will you ask 3 friends to give at least $1 each to get us past 100,000 this week? Donate link ;  
 Time is running out to see in Cedar Rapids for the AARP Iowa Presidential Candidate Forum. Go to 
As president I’ll end the failed war on drugs, legalize marijuana, end cash bail, and ban private prisons and bring about real criminal justice reform. I’ll crack down on the overreaching intel agencies and big tech monopolies who threaten our civil liberties and free speech 
Watch Tulsi’s breakout performance at the Presidential debates last week! Sign up to stay in the loop, and share with your friends to make sure Tulsi does the same at the 3rd debates!    
Today problems is that many leaders, in government, business, and health care, are more concerned about themselves than they are about the people. We need leaders who find their happiness working for the well-being of others, not their own personal gain.   
Enshrined in our Constitution and Bill of Rights are freedoms that many have fought and sacrificed to protect. We cannot be complacent and allow them to be undermined.   
Want a president who will put your interests ahead of the rich and powerful? Meet Tulsi Gabbard ;      
Watch Tulsi’s breakout performance at the Presidential debates last week! Sign up to stay in the loop, and share with your friends to make sure Tulsi does the same at the 3rd debates!   
Today problems is that many leaders, in government, business, and health care, are more concerned about themselves than they are about the people. We need leaders who find their happiness working for the well-being of others, not their own personal gain.  
Enshrined in our Constitution and Bill of Rights are freedoms that many have fought and sacrificed to protect. We cannot be complacent and allow them to be undermined.   
Want a president who will put your interests ahead of the rich and powerful? Meet Tulsi Gabbard ;      
Enshrined in our Constitution and Bill of Rights are freedoms that many have fought and sacrificed to protect. We cannot be complacent and allow them to be undermined.   
 You are amazing. It’s been inspiring to watch your display of talent, composure and experience beyond your years on the world stage. I can’t wait to see where you go from here!  
I agree with Axelrod. But let's get real. It wasn't a "whole thing" — it was a false accusation that Joe Biden is a racist. 
 We were very honored to march with to celebrate the 4th of July and support her campaign for POTUS in Amher…
Want a president who will put your interests ahead of the rich and powerful? Meet Tulsi Gabbard ;     
I have the experience and conviction not to bend to the whims of the military-industrial complex, of the foreign policy establishment. I'm ready to be commander-in-chief on day one.     Donate Link ;  
Watch Tulsi Gabbard's breakout performance at the Presidential debates! Sign up to stay in the loop and join the wave surging across America -   Donate Link ;  
Too many politicians think the only way the US can be engaged with other countries is by blowing them ; strangling them with economic sanctions. I will end long-standing regime change policy ; lead with a foreign policy based on diplomacy, ; cooperation.  
Nuclear war: the greatest threat to US ; world. Foreign policy establishment, politicians, ; MIC amp up tensions btwn US ; nuclear countries like Russia/China. I’ll take the trillions wasted on this new cold war ; regime change wars ; invest in YOUR needs.  
I look at each issue on its own merit. Partisan politics don't matter. It only matters whether something is good for the American people or not. That’s why many have a hard time figuring me out. I don’t play their games. I don’t fit in their boxes. Link;  
I understand the importance of national security as well as the high cost of war. As president, I’ll redirect the money now wasted in regime change wars ; new cold war into healthcare, a green economy, education, ; much more.   Link ;  
Become a debate donor, and lets keep the momentum going all the way to the 3rd debates!   Donate Link ;  
I have the experience and conviction not to bend to the whims of the military-industrial complex, of the foreign policy establishment. I'm ready to be commander-in-chief on day one.     Donate Link ;  
Watch Tulsi Gabbard's breakout performance at the Presidential debates! Sign up to stay in the loop and join the wave surging across America -   Donate Link ;  
Too many politicians think the only way the US can be engaged with other countries is by blowing them ; strangling them with economic sanctions. I will end long-standing regime change policy ; lead with a foreign policy based on diplomacy, ; cooperation.  
Nuclear war: the greatest threat to US ; world. Foreign policy establishment, politicians, ; MIC amp up tensions btwn US ; nuclear countries like Russia/China. I’ll take the trillions wasted on this new cold war ; regime change wars ; invest in YOUR needs.  
I look at each issue on its own merit. Partisan politics don't matter. It only matters whether something is good for the American people or not. That’s why many have a hard time figuring me out. I don’t play their games. I don’t fit in their boxes. Link-&gt;  
I understand the importance of national security as well as the high cost of war. As president, I’ll redirect the money now wasted in regime change wars ; new cold war into healthcare, a green economy, education, ; much more.   Link ; 
Become a debate donor, and lets keep the momentum going all the way to the 3rd debates!   Donate Link ;  
Remembering the fallen is one of the sacred duties of the living. I salute the thousands of motorcyclists who rode this weekend to memorialize the seven Jarheads Motorcycle Club bikers whose lives ended in a tragic accident. 
YES!!! Congratulations. We are so proud of you!   
 Word.  
Watch Tulsi’s breakout performance at the Presidential debates last week! Sign up to stay in the loop, and share with your friends to make sure Tulsi does the same at the 3rd debates!   
At the heart of many problems today is that many leaders, in government, business, and health care, are more concerned about themselves than they are about the people. We need leaders who find their happiness working for the well-being of others, not their own personal gain. 
Fox commentators know Trump and his base better than ANYONE. One of them recently identified Tulsi, of all dem candidates, as the biggest threat to Trump in 2020. -V. (Tulsi's sister) 
Too many politicians think the only way the US can be “engaged” with other countries is by blowing them up and strangling them with economic sanctions. I will end long-standing regime change policy ; lead with a foreign policy based on negotiations, diplomacy, ; cooperation. 
Happy  Our history is a road map to a brighter future. Let us remember why we celebrate  God bless America! 

Aloha Merrimack, NH! Happy 4th! 🇺🇸🤙🏽 What an amazing day! Now headed to Laconia for the 3rd  and final parade of the day! -V    
The self-serving politician that he is, Trump has succeeded in making July 4th about himself, and in doing so, further divided our country. This on a day when our nation’s president should be uniting us. 
 2020 Watch:    cover Democratic presidential candidate 
Aloha Amherst!!! Happy Independence Day!!! 🇺🇸 
Out of a vain desire to enjoy being honored and respected as the "great commander-in-chief," Trump exhibits just how much he dishonors and disrespects our men and women in uniform.
We got 600 new donors yesterday -- just shy of the 630 donors we need every day to get to the 3rd debates. Let's keep up the momentum! Link ;   
Madam President. 📸: 
 Not quite. We still need your help to make sure we secure a spot on the debate stage — at least $1 contribution from about 35,000 more people! 
 Thank you Mike!
 Yes.
As president, I’ll tackle climate change by ending subsidies to big fossil fuel and agribiz corporations, ban offshore drilling, harness innovation to create jobs in renewable energy, provide better opportunities for our farmers, and ensure every American has clean air and water. 
Politicians/media are all talk, no action. My Securing America’s Elections Act ensures either a paper ballot or voter-verified paper backup, so no foreign countries or individuals can skewer results. If we lose faith in our elections, democracy crumbles.  
Become a debate donor, and lets keep the momentum going all the way to the 3rd debates! Link ;  
I understand the importance of national security as well as the high cost of war. As president, I’ll redirect the money now wasted in regime change wars ; new cold war into healthcare, a green economy, education, ; much more.   
Become a debate donor, and lets keep the momentum going all the way to the 3rd debates! Link ;  
I look at each issue on its own merit. Partisan politics don't matter. It only matters whether something is good for the American people or not. That’s why many have a hard time figuring me out. I don’t play their games. I don’t fit in their boxes.  
Aloha Chicago! Spending a beautiful afternoon with Rev Jesse Jackson and his family at the Rainbow Push Coalition LoveFest Family Affair. -V. 
 Aloha, Nashua! We loved celebrating  with you today. Thanks to all the awesome volunteers that joined in the c…
Nuclear war: the greatest threat to US ; world. Foreign policy establishment, politicians, ; MIC amp up tensions btwn US ; nuclear countries like Russia/China. I’ll take the trillions wasted on this new cold war ; regime change wars ; invest in YOUR needs  
Thank you for all the aloha on with Bill Maher. You brought a smile to my face ... and Bill’s! 
Become a debate donor, and lets get to the 3rd debates! Link ;     -  
Too many politicians think the only way the US can be “engaged” with other countries is by blowing them up and strangling them with economic sanctions. I will end long-standing regime change policy ; lead with a foreign policy based on negotiations, diplomacy, ; cooperation. 
Become a debate donor, and lets get to the 3rd debates! Link ;    -  
Watch Tulsi Gabbard's breakout performance at the Presidential debates! Sign up to stay in the loop and join the wave surging across America -    
I have the experience and conviction not to bend to the whims of the military-industrial complex, of the foreign policy establishment. I'm ready to be commander-in-chief on day one.     
 Not a surprise - saw this in the activity around back when she announced (from left, center, and r…
 smart to say no war with  Every American should send that message: “This war with Iran would be far m…
Who did America Google most during the first Democratic Presidential debate? Booker and Gabbard.-    
Watch the 5 minutes that have people talking Tulsi!A soldier's truth about the establishment war machine driving US foreign policy   -  
You know who is protecting al-Qaeda right now? It’s Saudi Arabia.  -   
Google Search for Tulsi surges after    -  
Tulsi corrects Rep. Tim Ryan in tonight's  "The Taliban didn't attack us on 9/11, al-Qaeda did." - 
We are in Afghanistan ; Iraq where we have lost so many lives and spent so much $ that should be going into our communities here at home. This is why it’s so important to have a commander in chief who knows the cost of war.     
Meghan displayed a moment of courage to tweet this out before deleting it. Tulsi's lived a lifetime of courage - and she won't cave to establishment pressure. -V      
I’ve served w/ LGBTQ service members. I know they would give their life for me ; I would give my life for them. It is this commitment that I will carry through as POTUS, because there are people who still face discrimination.    
This president ; his  have led us to the brink of war w/ Iran. I served in the Iraq War that took over 4k of my brothers and sisters lives. War w/ Iran would be far more devastating and costly than the Iraq War.    
It's clear who MSNBC wants to be president: Elizabeth Warren. They're giving her more time than all the other candidates combined. They aren't giving any time to Tulsi at all. -V (Tulsi's sister)
You’re talking about one bill vs. another bill. Really what we should be talking about is our objective: making sure every single American is able to get the healthcare that they need. I believe Medicare for all is the way to do that.   
Our leaders have failed us, taking us into one regime change war after the next, leading us into a new Cold War ; arms race, costing us trillions of our hard earned tax payer dollars ; countless lives. This insanity must end.    
Morning of first  behind the scenes in Miami     
The first  is an hour! Become a debate donor, and lets get to the 3rd debates! Link ;    
Aloha! Looking forward to tonight's debate at 9 PM EST on 📺 Are you ready?    
Congress should focus on instituting paper ballot backups, per my Securing America's Elections Act. We need to work together immediately to ensure that US voting machines are no longer vulnerable to hackers—which they unfortunately are now. Add your name:  
There are only two candidates in this race who are truly standing up to the establishment. One has qualified for the third debate, the other still needs our help to ensure our voice stays strong together.
   
Tulsi will be walking on stage for the first Democratic primary debates tonight. Let’s send her out with as much grassroots support behind her as possible. Can you chip in today?
These aren’t just “troops.” They are PEOPLE—friends, separated from loved ones.   
81,455 donations so far! Chip in and share with friends - help us reach 130,000 and qualify for the next round of debates:  
New shop launched! ;  
 Your Iran strategy has been ill-advised and short-sighted. Change course now. Return to the Iran nuclear agreement before it’s too late. Put aside your pride and political calculations for the good of our country. Do the right thing.  
Share with friends and family, even $1 counts! Donate here -&gt;  
Key steps Trump has taken to create Iran war:✅Tore up Iran nuclear agreement✅Escalated crippling sanctions✅Designated Iran military as terrorists✅Sent more troops to the regionStop Trump—sign my No Presidential Wars Act   
It was great speaking at the Convention this morning — thanks to our supporters and everyone there for the warm welcome!   
80,444 unique donors so far. We need 49,556 more to get to the 3rd debate. Please donate at  
My aloha and prayers are with the loved ones of those whose lives were lost in this terrible tragedy. 
Yoga has so many benefits, beyond simply improving our health. Through the yoga of the Bhagavad Gita, we can uncover and cultivate our spiritual love and bring about a more peaceful and harmonious society and world. Happy  
(3/3) …we need to find common ground with each other. That is not possible without civility. We don’t need another president who is going to continue to divide our country. We need a president who will unite us. United we stand, divided we fall.
(2/3) …get things done for the American people, there needs to be civility in Washington and in the country — the ability to work with those who we disagree, even those who hold some views which we abhor.  In order for Congress to work for the American people…
(1/3) Joe Biden did not "celebrate" or “coddle” segregationists. His critics have unfairly misrepresented his important message to score cheap political points. I agree with and in order for Congress and the president to…
Iran war is HIGHLY likely unless Trump swallows his pride ; returns to the Iran nuclear agreement he tore up. But I fear he won’t put the interests of our country ; those who’ll be killed in such a war ahead of his own pride ; personal political interests.  
 Never confuse aloha for weakness.
 Your Iran strategy has been ill-advised and short-sighted. Change course now. Return to the Iran nuclear agreement before it’s too late. Put aside your pride and political calculations for the good of our country. Do the right thing.  
 You guys are awesome.
Ending the US policy of waging war to overthrow foreign govts we don’t like is crucial. The trillions wasted on regime change wars is a foreign ; domestic issue—b/c if we continue to waste $ on these counterproductive wars, we can’t afford to take care of the American ppl’s needs 
(2/2) …fought for the freedom of all Americans was aloha—love. On this day, let us remember the words of Martin Luther King: “Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that.  Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.”
(1/2) Today is  and as we celebrate freedom and equal rights in America, let us remember that civil rights for all Americans did not come easy. It had to be fought for. The motivation that empowered those who…
Today, we commemorate the emancipation of slaves and those who sacrificed their lives for the enslaved. Let us celebrate Juneteenth by recognizing the progress we've made, and the work that remains to be done. Progress is the American story  
Too many people in this country are getting sick without the care that they need. As president, I will work to ensure all Americans have quality affordable healthcare incentivized to increase health and prevent and heal disease. 
 I have an item in the on Tulsi's idiosyncratic political appeal: 
Here we go again! The US sending more troops to Middle East for what will be disastrous war with Iran. To prevent Trump and future presidents from waging war illegally (without Congress approval) we must sign my No More Presidential Wars Act. Join me:  
I know both the importance of ntl security ; the high cost of war. As president, I’ll improve intl relations w/ all countries ; work to solve differences thru diplomacy. I see military action as the LAST resort ; only w/ Congress approval, as per my No More Presidential Wars Act. 
 Busy day for  today. Thanks to all the amazing volunteers who helped with  in Manchester and…
 We have been spotting these all across South Carolina: billboards. 
We applaud Jon Stewart for his advocacy and stand with all 9/11 first responders ; their families who sacrificed so much for us. This is why we are so outraged at our government for supporting Saudi Arabia ; Al-Qaeda—the terrorists who attacked us. 
Today, we have set a record for the longest stretch without raising the federal minimum wage since its inception -- this is unacceptable. As president, I will work to secure a $15 federal minimum wage and tie future increases to the rate of inflation. 
Dad - Thank you for the greatest gift a father could ever offer a daughter: your unconditional love. We won't always agree on everything, but I know that you will always love me and I will always love you. Happy  
Nuclear strategists report we're closer to nuclear war than ever before—but our leaders seem oblivious. I’m running for President to end the new Cold War ; lead us away from nuclear abyss. Please donate to ensure our message is heard in 3rd debate ; beyond 
This week's top tweet: What gives me strength and courage? Aloha. 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
On this day, in 1775, the was formed by George Washington to unify the 13 colonies. Now is our time to come together as Americans to overcome those who seek to divide us. We must remember: united we stand, divided we fall. 
Iran war is HIGHLY likely unless Trump swallows his pride ; returns to the Iran nuclear agreement he tore up. But I fear he won’t put the interests of our country ; those who’ll be killed in such a war ahead of his own pride ; personal political interests.  
We're officially in! We just got the line up for the first debates in Miami. See you on Wednesday, June 26th as I offer to serve you as president and commander in chief. Remember to donate  to help make sure we remain qualified through the third debates! 
 My amendment passed by a one-vote margin and was included in the FY20 Defense bill.
We need at least 700 new donors a day to meet the threshold for the third debate. We got 350 yesterday — so we need to step it up, but we got this! We’re firing on all cylinders -  I know we can do it, with your help. 
Trump's shortsighted foreign policy is bringing us to the brink of war with Iran and allowing Iran to accelerate nuclear program—just to please Saudis and Netanyahu. This is not America first.
Only one candidate for president is speaking up about an issue that truly is existential to our country and our world—the risk of nuclear war. We need your help to keep Tulsi—and this critical issue—on the debate stage. Please donate today  
Tulsi talks truth on wars!  
 The money we are raising is to support my campaign. Not the DNC
Because of you, we’ve qualified for the first two debates! Now, we need your help to send Tulsi to the third debates in September. Chip in now  
 There are a record number of women veterans in Congress, and one of them wants to be the next Commander-in-Chief. 2020 Democr…
 Tomorrow at 9 a.m., 2020 candidate Rep. and will sit down with 
 Spotted: 2020 billboard in Des Moines, Iowa right near DSM airport 
 Congratulations on the newest addition to your family!
Aloha means I come to you with an open heart, I respect you and care about you. Whether a friend or stranger, I come to you with aloha—regardless of the color of your skin, where you come from, how you worship God, who you love, or what political party you belong to. 
One of my littlest supporters in Iowa on Sunday showing off his favorite sign waving move .... ❤️  
We must bend the arc of history away from war ; toward peace, prosperity, opportunity, ; justice for all. I will take the $ now WASTED on regime change wars, new cold war ; nuclear war, ; invest in: ✅Medicare for all✅Protect environment✅Education✅Infrastructure✅; more 
Supporters lined up around the block for our town hall in NYC yesterday. Unfortunately only half fit before we ran out of room, so we did back-to-back events for everyone waiting outside. We need 50K more donors to qualify for the debates in September. Please donate what you can 
I applaud FCC proposals to block the one billion unwanted robocalls Americans receive annually. In response to these outrageous intrusions of our privacy, the FCC is proposing to make it legal for phone companies to block unwanted calls and develop new call blocking tools. Yes!
I love the ocean. Always have. It’s a special place of respite, rejuvenation, fun, and peace. Our oceans, marine life and reef, are at risk - from toxins, chemicals, plastics, and more.  is a reminder that we must protect this precious resource. 
 Event number two underway for people who waited outside through event  
 There were too many people for the venue, so they had to split the event into two smaller ones to accommodate the large grou…
 Line down the block for today in New York City. 
This week's top tweet: Snowden Should be Pardoned 
Aloha New York! Thanks to all you came out today. Doors opening now 

Our democracy was designed so voters could choose their politicians, not so politicians could choose their voters.  I am proud to take Fair District Pledge to end gerrymandering  
(3/3) ...and support my message of ending regime change wars, the new Cold War, and nuclear arms race. By the way, I would love to have millionaires and billionaires join this campaign, and use their money for good, not evil. Maybe that's what they're upset about?
(2/3) ...hosted by Omeed Malik. As is clear from the invitations sent out, I do not accept $$ from PACs/lobbyists. Some in media are apparently upset by the fact that there are business people in NYC who are against warmongers...
(1/3) I'm happy to be in NYC, holding 3 events this week (1) A meet ; greet hosted by our campaign on Saturday at 11am, June 8th, Project Farmhouse, 76 E 13th St, (2) a fundraiser at Dr. Raj Bhayani’s home, a well-known Brooklyn-based surgeon ; (3) a breakfast conversation...
I’m a soldier ; I took an oath to put my life on the line for the people of this country. We must stand united ; condemn religiously-motivated attacks against anyone - Hindus, Buddhists, Muslims, Jews or Christians. An attack against one of us is an attack against all of us. 
 
Trump’s decision to charge Assange under the Espionage Act will have a serious chilling effect on our freedom of speech and freedom of the press. It also undermines our democracy by keeping crucial information from the American people that they deserve to know. 
Ramadan is a time of prayer, fasting and reflection. Please join me in wishing Muslim Americans happiness as they celebrate Eid al-Fitr with family and friends. 
Basically Americans will no longer be free to travel to Cuba, because Cuba is a communist country ; therefore its’ people are not free. So now the Trump Administration, in the name of freedom, is taking away Americans' freedom. Make sense?
Our choice: more money for our families and communities, or trillions more wasted on regime change wars and the new cold war. 
We’ve made progress in the fight for LGBTQ civil rights, but much work remains. In 28 states, you can still get fired for your sexual orientation. Housing ; adoption discrimination is common. That's why I co-sponsored the Equality Act ; urge passage in the Senate 
 The espionage act doesn't allow defendants to give any testimony about their motivation, why what…
The early release from prison of John Lindh, the “American Taliban,” is absurdly reckless. Now we taxpayers will pay for round-the-clock surveillance to make sure this al-Qaeda member doesn’t follow through with his threats to kill more Americans. Shortsighted, to say the least.
If it wasn’t for Snowden, the American people would never have learned the NSA was collecting phone records and spying on Americans. As president, I will protect whistle-blowers who expose threats to our freedom and liberty. 
 Thank you!
 Tulsi Gabbard and Bernie Sanders hugging when briefly running into one another at   
Stupid regime change wars suck badly needed funds from our domestic needs such as healthcare, infrastructure, protecting the environment, and more. This will end when I'm president. 
 As soon as Rep. arrived outside of the California Democratic Party Convention, someone gave her a lei. Gabbar…
 Post interview with congresswoman and 2020 candidate  🤙🏼 
 My mom was born in Indiana. Look forward to visiting!
I'll be speaking at the California Democratic Convention in about 5-10 minutes. (approx. 2:10pm PST). Watch live on Facebook and YouTube! 
This week's top tweet: The Hypocrisy of Marijuana Laws. 
 I may not be a superhero, but I am a proud South Carolinian, and I'm ready to fight for a better future for our state an…
 The revolving door between politicians and lobbyists needs to close. I’ve been working on comprehensive legislation to do this.  Until then, I’m all in on a clean bill focused on Members of Congress. Let’s make it happen. 
 First time I've ever put a sticker on my car.  It's time for Peace.  ✌️ 
It’s a mistake for Trump to think his friendship with Kim Jong-un is enough to achieve denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. US policy needs to change so leaders like Kim know they can rely on a US pledge not to overthrow their govt if they give up their nukes. 
The recent arrest of a grandmother at the Dallas Fort Worth airport for possession of CBD oil—a resin from the cannabis plant used to treat arthritis and other ailments —underscores the absurdity and hypocrisy of federal laws related to marijuana. 
 New DNC rules came out today for the next round of debates. We will need 130,000 unique donors and 2%+ in 4 qualifying pol…
 These two teenagers looked at what the future could hold for them and decided to take action. Their charity has so far collected…
While politicians cry crocodile tears over lives already lost, they make plans to sacrifice more lives on the altar of new regime change wars ; the new cold war. As commander-in-chief, I’ll only send our troops on missions worthy of their great sacrifice.  
 Entire community honors beloved mailman on his last day of work  
I know the cost of war. When I came home from my 2nd deployment, I vowed to fight for peace, standing up to the most powerful, meeting with both friends and adversaries. Peace gives America our future. That’s why I’ll never stop fighting for peace.  
 WTG, SUPERMAMA!  
 Soldier faces severe weather conditions before planting a flag honoring the fallen at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Arlington…
 We asked Dem presidential candidates to honor the true meaning of today. Here is what they sent. We thank them all, and remem…
 is a time to remember: war must only be waged as a very last resort to keep the American people safe. As Commander-in-Chief, I will honor our troops who’ve sacrificed their lives for our country by working to prevent unnecessary costly wars.  
 A Korean War vet's family couldn't attend his funeral. So thousands of strangers turned up - CNN 
While politicians make empty speeches on  they go on ; send my brothers ; sisters into wars impossible to win because “victory” isn’t defined. These aren’t just “troops.” They are PEOPLE—friends, separated from loved ones.   
 BREAKING: For the first time in the history of our country, the government has brought criminal charges under the Espionage Act a…
  First photo of Amanda Eller — the missing Maui hiker who was last seen 17 days ago — with rescuers after she…
Charging Assange under the Espionage Act will have a srs chilling effect on our most fundamental rights of freedom of speech ; freedom of the press. Every American—certainly every journalist—must strongly condemn this anti-democratic act by the Trump Admin
Cost of Iran war? A region engulfed in bloodletting, countless lives, many trillions $, our ntnl security undermined, ISIS/AQ strengthened, massive immigration crisis, likely confrontation btwn US ; nuclear Russia or China. War without end because “victory” will remain undefined. 
I stand with the dozens of workers who have filed sexual harassment / discrimination complaints against workers' demands for union rights, and $15 hourly pay. American workers deserve to earn a living wage.  
If the main way our President creates a strong economy is to sell weapons to Saudis to bomb innocent people in countries like Yemen, then we need a new president. We need a commander-in-chief who knows the real cost of war ; works for peace, not incite more death ; destruction 
 “They smear anyone who is against regime change wars” - Indeed they do! While resisting US imperialism outsid…
 2020 candidate said he won't apologize for supporting anti-Vietnam War efforts and voting against the war…
War with Iran would make the Iraq War look like a cakewalk. 
"Recent efforts to sandbag Bernie Sanders and Tulsi Gabbard are crude repeats of behaviors that helped elect Trump in 2016." Everyone needs to read this eye-opening piece by Matt Taibbi.
War with Iran will be far more costly than the Iraq war. It will undermine our national security, and waste countless of lives and trillions of dollars. As president, I'll restore the Iran nuclear deal and de-escalate tensions. Join me and say  
Intel officials ; politicians led us into Iraq war. Now Trump’s using the same playbook to lead our country into war with Iran. The cost in lives ; treasure will be infinitely greater than the wars in Iraq, Afghanistan, ; Syria, and will undermine our ntnl security.  
 Rep. Tulsi Gabbard says Trump is leading us down a dangerous path towards war with Iran: "They are setting the stage for a…
Since I was young, I knew I wanted to use my life to serve others. It’s why I chose to serve as a soldier ; in politics. I’ve never had any ambition to “be president” — it’s always been about doing my best to be of service and how I can make a greater positive impact. 
Today and every day, we honor our troops who embody what it means to put  They stand ready to put their lives on the line to ensure the safety and security of the American people. This is why they serve - For the Nation. For the People.  
 Total bs fabricated smear of Don’t buy it. She has more than 65,000 donors and they found 3 with views that…
 From Hawaii to Iraq, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard has served our nation bravely both at home and abroad. She continues her lifelo…
The  is extremely dangerous. It completely takes away the freedom of women to choose whether or not to have an abortion--even if a woman/girl is a victim of rape or incest. This law must be rejected. 
 I had an excellent conversation with presidential candidate, the great and powerful today. I really love what s…
 Thank you for your support!
 We have not.
 Congress is made up of those who are supposed to represent the people. All of our voices must be heard to stop this march to war with Iran.
 Please watch the video.
 I will not stop. You’re welcome to join us!
 Yes.
Trump promised to get the US out of “stupid wars.” But now he and John Bolton are on the brink of launching us into a very stupid and costly war with Iran. Join me in sending a strong message to President Trump: The US must NOT go to war with Iran.  
Trump says he doesn't want war with Iran, but that's exactly what he wants, because that's exactly what Saudi Arabia, Netanyahu, al-Qaeda, Bolton, Haley, and other NeoCons/NeoLibs want. That’s what he put first--not America. 
 It. Is. So. Good. Two hours and still going. -Vrindavan
 Will air later today. Go to  to get notified. -V.
 Yes! Later today. Go to  to get notified when the interview airs. -V.
 Yeah I messed that up. 🤦🏻‍♀️ Lol. They’ve already changed it. -V.
Throughout history, every time the US topples a foreign country’s dictator/government, the outcome has been disastrous. Civil war/military intervention in Venezuela will wreak death ; destruction to Venezuelan people, and increase tensions that threaten our national security. 
My mom is truly amazing — a teacher, entrepreneur, wife, and mother to five children — she has inspired me throughout my life through her example of strength, patience, kindness, courage, integrity, and unconditional love. Happy  
I’m running for president to bring to the White House a soldier’s values of service above self, honor, and integrity. I will serve the interests of the American people and our nation rather than partisan interests or those of multinational corporations or foreign governments. 
To those in America and around the world observing Ramadan, I extend all best wishes, respect, and love.  
The main responsibility of the president is to keep Americans safe. Trump has failed—undermining our national security by tearing up the Iran nuclear deal, threatening military action, bringing us closer to war with Iran that will be far worse than war in Iraq.
It is critical that we understand the importance of engaging with other nuclear powers with respect and in a spirit of cooperation rather than conflict. As president I will work to end the cold war and decrease tensions that are bringing us closer to nuclear catastrophe. 
I will put service above self, bringing the spirit of servant leadership back to Washington, to ensure our government is truly of, by and for the people. Join me in taking a stand against the powerful forces of greed and corruption.   
On MSNBC: “I’m a soldier. I’ve served over 16 years in the Army National Guard. I know first-hand the cost of war, and that is why I’m running for president.”  
Let’s show our appreciation to teachers as they choose to put service above self, as they teach ; care for our kids. We need to pay them more ; give them the tools they need to do their job. We thank them today ; EVERY DAY for their service ; sacrifice 
18 years, thousands of dead, trillions of dollars. We’re right back where we started. Our leaders have failed us. It’s time our troops in Afghanistan came home. 
Happy National Nurses Day! Nurses live a life of service, caring for others, that is so vitally needed in our world today. Please  to show our deepest aloha, respect and appreciation for their skill and sacrifice 
We need to take the trillions being spent on regime change wars, the new Cold War ; arms race, ; reinvest those dollars in the needs of our communities--quality healthcare for all, protecting the environment, improving education, rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure, ; more. 
Have a safe and happy 
We as a country must stand up and condemn hatred, bigotry ; violence, whether it be based on your religion, color of your skin, sexual orientation, ethnicity, or where you come from. We need leaders who’ll stand up against bigotry. And that leadership needs to start at the top. 
My husband.    
The new Cold War is getting hotter. We need leaders with foresight to see how in Venezuela, Syria ; other places, potential military conflict btwn US-Russia can quickly escalate into war—nuclear war, the greatest danger we face today. 
Our leaders, beginning with Pres. Trump, should be serving the interests of the American people, not foreign governments—like the theocratic dictatorship of Saudi Arabia. Such self-serving powerful politicians are selling out America’s interests for Saudi blood money. Shameless.
One year since the Kilauea lava flow, Puna is rebuilding but many remain displaced. Our deepest mahalos to the first responders, my fellow National Guard members, community groups and neighbors who’ve come together to care for those affected. 
 Hawaii still rebuilding one year after Kilauea volcano eruptions  
 Go to for an amazing plant-based meal.
 Thank you for Co-sponsoring my bill, Securing America’s Elections Act! We must protect our 2020 elections from any who try to hack into our elections systems ; manipulate our votes. My bill creates an auditable paper trail thru paper ballots/paper back-ups.
Shameless. Some members of Congress are acting as the mouthpiece for the theocratic dictatorship of Saudi-Arabia—literally reading off a script—as the Saudis spend millions to lock up American support for their genocidal war in Yemen ; push for war w/ Iran 
If we lose faith in our elections, democracy crumbles. We must recognize the vulnerabilities that exist, and focus on instituting paper ballot backups, per my Securing America's Elections Act, so no individual, group, or foreign country can threaten our democracy. 
On  we remember the 6 million Jews murdered in the Holocaust. I’ll never forget my haunting visit to Auschwitz. We must  and stand united against anti-Semitism and religious bigotry that drives such hatred and terror  
 PSA: needs about 30,000 more unique contributors to secure her spot on the debate stage. She qualified at…
Say NO to neocon/neolibs beating their war drums. As Commander-in-Chief, I’ll put American people first, END wasteful regime change wars, work to END new cold war/arms race, SERVE the ppl: healthcare, education, infrastructure ; more. Will you join me? 
Neocons/Neolibs ; MSM all sing from the same songsheet: War war war!!! Trump never gets positive media unless he's threatening war/carrying out military action. Today, Venezuela. Tomorrow, Iran? Cuba? Who’s next? No wonder NK won't give up their nukes.  
Today, on  we stand in solidarity with American workers and workers around the world as we advocate for an economy that puts people before profits and before the interests of greedy multi-national corporations
Join me in sharing aloha—respect ; love for others—by giving a lei to a loved one, neighbor, or friend. Leis symbolize the peace ; harmony our country/world so badly need. It’s  in Hawaii—and as president I’ll propose a NATIONAL  to help unite our divided country. 
As a soldier who knows the horrible cost of war, I call on both sides in Venezuela to resolve their differences peacefully. We should always be ready to sit ; speak with adversaries. Civil war in Venezuela will result in unimaginable suffering ; undermine US national security.
 New Post via shared an emotional moment with a fellow veteran during her latest Iowa swi…
Homelessness impacts rural areas ; urban centers, stemming from medical debt, job insecurity, ; lack of affordable housing. Instead of wasting trillions on regime change wars, the new cold war and arms race we must use our precious resources for the needs of the American people. 
How do you put a price on the sacrifice of over 100,000 Americans who gave their lives for our country in WWI? USC is trying to, by renaming a WWI memorial after United Airlines in a $69 million deal. We must honor our troops great sacrifice ; reject this  
Not today. 
 Yes. It was me. 🤦🏻‍♀️ Was a little too eager to post and forgot to sign. Have a great day! Aloha! -V.
If you share only one thing about Tulsi with your friends and family, make it this video. Over six minutes, this raw and emotional exchange encapsulates the reason she is running for president.  
 Great seeing you again Brent!
6 months since the synagogue massacre in Pittsburgh ; on last day of Passover, a gunman opened fire at Chabad of Poway synagogue. We must stand united ; condemn this anti-semitism ; all religious bigotry. An attack against one of us for our religion is an attack against all of us 
Let’s take action to protect our planet, and make every day  Thanks to all the amazing volunteers who came out and helped!  
  in Stuart says farm subsidies are going to large corporate agriculture instead of small farmers doing su…
 It was great seeing you again! 
 Hello from Des Moines - good crowd gathering for here at Franklin Junior High  
For decades, leaders of both parties have violated our Constitution by illegally waging war without congressional approval. As your commander in chief, I will end such illegal wars.  
Time to end the hand-wringing and take action to protect our elections. My Securing America’s Elections Act will institute back-up paper ballots so no one can manipulate our votes ; hack our elections. Click on the link and urge Congress to act now.  
Trump's withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal increases the likelihood of war ; undermines talks with Kim Jong Un to denuclearize N. Korea. While the Iran deal is not perfect, it is working by preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon and preventing an all-out war.
Growing up in Hawaii, wanting to take care of our beautiful environment came naturally to me. I realized that I was most happy when I was doing things to serve others, taking care of our environment, rather than just doing things for my own interests.   
  On eve of 5-year-anniversary of  Flint's Calls 4 Investigation Into Illegal…
Trump/Pence continue to try to hide the truth from their Christian supporters--the terrorist attacks on Christians/Christian churches in Sri Lanka and elsewhere are inspired by the extremist Saudi ideology that Saudi Arabia spends billions propagating worldwide. 
Tulsi serves 16+ years in Army Guard, deployed twice to ME, served 6+ years in Congress’ Foreign Affairs ; Armed Services Committees, one of first female combat vets in Congress. But treats her as invisible. Typical MSM anti-Tulsi policy: ignore or vilify -V (Tulsi’s sister) 
The hyper-partisanship ; divisiveness that we’re seeing in Washington is disconnected from the challenges facing everyday Americans, families who can't make ends meet even with two parents working full-time jobs.  
Join us in Des Moines, Iowa for a  at Franklin Jr High at 6:30pm this Friday - RSVP here:  or text IOWA to 48728 - hope to see you there! 
We are going live at Brown University Come join the live stream: Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard ─ Build, Don't Bomb: A New American Foreign Policy
All people deserve clean air, clean water, ; the promise of a bright future. My OFF Act will end our addiction to fossil fuels ; transition the country to a 100% clean energy economy—laying a just and economic pathway toward a cleaner, more secure future for all. Happy 
Corrupt powerful politicians need to be held accountable for their lies and complicity when they poisoned the drinking water of the American people. Without clean water and air, there is no life. 
Congratulations!!! What an incredible game. We are so proud.    
My heart is with Sri Lanka on this  w/hundreds killed ; wounded in a horrific attack as they gathered in prayer. On a day devoted to love ; peace, may we remember Jesus Christ’s message of love - for God ; for each other - as we commit to defeating hate with love.
We're live in Exeter for a Town Hall! Come join the live stream: 
Neocons and Trump Admin distort intelligence in effort to lay groundwork for new regime change war. We must never forget the lies that led to our disastrous invasion of Iraq. Stop history from repeating itself.  
Saudi Arabia is the world’s  exporter of violent jihadi extremism that persecutes ; oppresses women, all other religions including all other forms of Islam, atheists ; the LGBT community. We must end our alliance with this theocratic dictatorship.
Legalizing marijuana is a basic question of fairness ; freedom for the American people. We must legalize marijuana, expunge the records of those w/ marijuana possession charges/convictions ; hold Big Pharma accountable for the opioid epidemic that has killed thousands 
If our leaders ; media want to protect our elections, not just score political pts, first ; most important thing we must do is institute b/up paper ballots by passing my Securing America’s Elections Act so no one can manipulate our votes ; hack our elections  
 Happy birthday
As president, I will end federal subsidies for oil companies that are destroying our air, land ; water ; invest that money in supporting renewable energy to ensure our energy ; food security and build a brighter future for all.
 The most dangerous coverup is that US voting machines are vulnerable to hackers. If we lose faith in election results, democracy crumbles. The Justice Dept should be focused on instituting paper ballot backups, per my Securing America's Elections Act. 
There are bad people in the world, but we can't be the world’s policeman. Regime change wars cost millions of lives, strengthen terrorist orgs, undermine our national security ; waste precious money that should be used to improve the lives of the American people.  
 Jaw-dropping video shows a young girl with a prosthetic leg perform an amazing gymnastics routine full of backflips, somersaults a…
By vetoing War Powers Act, Trump again proves he’s the servant of Saudi Arabia—the theocratic dictatorship spending billions spreading the most extreme ; intolerant form of Islam around the world, supporting al-Qaeda ; other jihadists, ; waging genocidal war in Yemen w/ US help 
Trump is surrounded by neocon war hawks who supported regime change wars in Libya, Iraq, Syria...now they’re calling for overthrow the govts of Venezuela and Iran, and the result will be the same: thousands of lives lost, trillions wasted, more suffering.  
Notre Dame was constructed to remind us of the beauty and greatness of God, and to have a place to gather in that remembrance. Today, we mourn with France, and Catholics around the world. Tomorrow, we rebuild.
Another  another year corporations like Amazon pay $0 taxes. The rich ; powerful pay to play ; write laws so they don't pay taxes. Trump has made this corruption even worse, turning the swamp into a cesspool.  As President, I will change this and put 
This is so heartbreaking and such an incredible loss. 
 A year and a half after Hurricane María struck the island, grants from World Central Kitchen are helping dozens of small far…
I started practicing martial arts as a kid and trained Capoeira for many years - an art that originated with slaves in Brazil as a form of resistance. This weekend, I stopped in at in LA and got in some training and play time!   
My flight delayed from LAX for hours because Chicago is covered in snow. Winter is coming. In April. Are you ready?  
Trump’s criticism of Rep  is complete hypocrisy. Trump says “WE WILL NEVER FORGET (9/11)!” Yet it is Trump who’s been acting as al-Qaeda’s big brother and protector in Syria, and turned America into the prostitute of AQ's biggest supporter—the Saudis  
What a historic comeback! Congratulations, Tiger.  
Trump is shamelessly trying to foment religious bigotry against ⁦ ; all Muslims, based on the horrendous actions of a few individuals claiming to be Muslim. This is the very definition of religious bigotry ; Trump is fomenting it for political gain. Dangerous ; sad 
I met a mom whose son was born with a heart defect. The fear of being unable to afford sudden, major heart surgery has shaped this family’s life in many tragic ways. I promised this mom that I’ll fight for her son and all Americans to make Medicare for All who want it a reality. 
Insulin is overpriced and it’s killing Americans. Between 1997 and 2017, Big Pharma increased the price of insulin over 1,000%. People are dying because they can’t afford insulin. 
The foreign policy establishment and military industrial complex wage one regime change war after another under the guise of humanitarianism—wars that INCREASE the people’s suffering and devastation in those countries, and strengthen jihadists like al-Qaeda. 
Assange Arrest: The message is clear. To journalists and all Americans, if you try to take away our power, you will pay a high price. 
The purpose of arresting  is to send a message to the people, especially journalists, to be quiet and don’t get out of line. If we, the people, allow the government to control us through fear, we are no longer free, we are no longer America. 
The arrest of  is meant to send a message to all Americans and journalists: be quiet, behave, toe the line. Or you will pay the price.
Hemp played a vital role in the American economy through the early 1900’s until it was replaced w/ fossil fuel products. Versatile ; environmentally friendly, it represents great opportunity for small farmers. It’s time to bring it back!
Congress passed legislation to end US support of Saudi genocidal war in Yemen that has killed thousands, caused famine, ; cholera epidemic. The bill is on Trump’s desk awaiting signature or veto. Join our petition urging Trump to sign this bill to law —  
Thank you! I’m extremely grateful that over 65,000 of you have now donated to our campaign, ensuring our voice will be heard in the upcoming debates. For a small campaign that doesn’t accept PAC money, I knew we had to rely fully on the power of the people. Aloha ; Mahalo! 
Protecting  is about protecting freedom of speech online. We passed our bill today to reinstate net neutrality — to stop corporations from controlling what we can read, watch or listen to.  if you agree and tell the Senate to pass the  now.
On  I pay tribute to this one ... my best friend and partner in all things for as long as I can remember (even when she was a little kid punk). Can’t imagine life without her! Love you, sister. 
Happy anniversary, my love. ❤️ This seems like just yesterday. I love you so much and am so grateful for you!  
Unfortunately, we don’t have healthcare in this country—we have sick care. We’ve created a massive for-profit entity incentivized to keep people sick and on drugs. As president, I will work to build a healthcare system incentivized to increase health and prevent ; heal disease
Netanyahu and Saudi Arabia want to drag the United States into war with Iran, and Trump is submitting to their wishes. The cost in money and lives will be catastrophic. 
Drivers license renewed! And it’s not even noon yet. Thanks to the hard working people at the Kapolei DMV who take care of huge lines of people every day. Back to DC tonight! 
I've always supported Israel's right to exist—especially after visiting Auschwitz in 2005. That's why I'm so concerned with Netanyahu's aggressive annexation policies which will simply stoke the flames of resentment and conflict. Bad for Israel, US, Palestinians, and region.
Trump’s effort to rollback regulations means that Big Ag now gets to inspect its own pork - ; they decided to stop testing for E. coli. This endangers everyone, even if you don’t eat pork, because bacteria can easily spread on shared surfaces. This is swamp politics at its worst.
At last, we have passed historic legislation in the House of Representatives to end the US’ unconstitutional support of Saudi-led genocidal war in Yemen, which is killing tens of thousands ; starving millions. This legislation is now w/ for signature or veto. 
While Tulsi is in Guard duty this weekend, we’re posting stories of people putting  in their daily lives, like these two friends who teamed up to overcome their disabilities and plant 10,000 trees around their village -TULSI2020
While Tulsi is in Guard duty this weekend, we’re posting stories of people putting  in their daily lives, like Dr. Semmler who has chosen to live modestly so that he can give back to his community as much as possible -TULSI2020
While Tulsi is in Guard duty this weekend, we’re posting stories of people putting  in their daily lives, like MMA fighter Dustin Poirie raising money to build a playground for disabled kids in his old neighborhood -TULSI2020
While Tulsi is in Guard duty this weekend, we’re posting stories of people putting  in their daily lives, like this powerful story of Gettysburg
63,434! We’re so close! Tulsi is in National Guard duty this weekend - let’s surprise her by reaching 65,000 by the time she gets out. - TULSI2020 Link to donate:  
LA Memorial Coliseum honors those who fought ; died in WWI. The proposal to rename it after United Airlines dishonors those who put their lives on the line for our country. I support the veterans mobilizing to fight the name change  
Neocons Bolton, Pence ; Abrams miscalculated at every step in attempting regime change in Venezuela. The Venezuelan people have seen the devastating impacts of US intervention in Latin America for decades - they need real solutions, not political theater. 
Trump is for socialism when it comes to taxpayers underwriting military contractors and arms manufacturers. The same money would create more jobs used for rebuilding our country’s infrastructure and green economy, and it would be better for humanity. 
Coral reefs are a vital ecosystem on the front lines of climate change's devastating impacts. We can’t afford to sit back ; watch them die. My OFF Act will ensure a 100% transition from fossil fuels to clean and renewable energy to achieve 
If we treat people like animals in prison ; force them to do dehumanizing things to survive that environment, we perpetuate violent behavior ; increase recidivism. Goal of our prisons should be to help ppl become more caring, develop respect ; compassion 
1 in 3 women in this country are subjected to domestic violence. I was proud to cast my vote today to pass the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act to close gaps in the law and provide resources to help survivors heal and rebuild their lives.  
Finally. Today we passed legislation to end US support for Saudi Arabia’s genocidal war in Yemen that has killed tens of thousands and caused the worst humanitarian crisis in the world. 
Our infrastructure is crumbling. We need leadership that puts  to end regime change wars, the new Cold War and arms race, and keep the money in people’s pockets and/or rebuild our country’s bridges, airports, roads, sewer lines, etc.
 Inspiration from a remarkable Nobel Laureate: Martin Luther King Jr.King was assassinated on 4 April 1968, but his non-vi…
Oil lobbyists have “unprecedented access” to Trump’s administration—meanwhile Pence/Bolton continue their crusade for regime change in Venezuela, the world’s richest oil reserves. The height of swamp politics.   
We must stand united against neocons/neolibs who drag us from one regime change war to the next, exacerbating the New Cold War, bringing us closer to nuclear war. We must redirect our precious resources to rebuilding our infrastructure, Medicare for All, a green economy, ; more. 
61,029! Our success isn't driven by mainstream media coverage, celebrity influencers or establishment networks. It's driven by you. Thank you.   
We must fight for   
Central America asylum seekers pose serious challenge—our response must enforce border security, be compassionate, ; work to solve root problem which has been exacerbated by decades of US exploitation ; regime change wars. Closing border not the solution
TV talking heads love trying to goad Trump into going to war w/ Russia. Here’s just one example: is trying to get Trump to prove he's not guilty of appeasement by going to war with Russia over Venezuela. 
[4/4] …that means sacrificing the wellbeing of our country, then that’s the price he’s willing to pay. A true leader is willing to make personal sacrifice for the wellbeing of our country. Trump is willing to sacrifice the wellbeing of our country for his own selfish interests.
[3/4] Trump’s closing the border isn’t because he cares more about security than trade, as he falsely claims, but rather it’s because he wants to prove to his base of supporters that he is tough on immigration. But all he cares about is his political interests, and if…
[2/4] …and advanced nuclear tech to Saudi Arabia, the world’s biggest spreader and propagator of terrorist/radical jihadist ideology; selling F-35 fighter jets to Turkey, etc. These examples expose the lie.
[1/4] President Trump just said he might close the border even though it will be damaging to our economy, claiming that "safety ; security is more important to me than trade.” Really? Selling hundreds of billions in arms sales… 
Another 2,000 new donors have joined our campaign in the last 48 hours! We're so close... With your help, we can cross the threshold by the end of the week.  
Aloha to Hawai’i Army National Guard soldiers deploying to Afghanistan 
A whale that washed up in Italy last week with 49 lbs of plastic in her stomach is the latest reminder that we must lead an international effort to ban single-use plastic items and clean up the estimated 150M metric tons of plastic garbage in our oceans. 
We need a  to take the trillions of dollars spent on regime change wars and the nuclear arms race and invest them to meet the needs of the American people. Otherwise, we can't even ensure our most vulnerable communities have clean water following a disaster. 
Many of my sisters and brothers in the military who have been sexually assaulted keep it to themselves out of fear. As commander-in-chief, I will make sure that any servicemember who makes a sexual assault complaint will be taken seriously and protected.  
We need to stop using immigrants as tokens in a political game ; start talking solutions—funding to process asylum requests ; targeted aid to address the decades of US intervention that contributed to the collapse of the countries they are fleeing. 
I will be a president who puts the interests of our country—our whole country—before the interests of my political party. If something is good for our country, but not good for my party, I will choose our country. Every time.  
President Trump’s recent decision to allow U.S. companies to sell Saudi Arabia nuclear technology is both mind-blowing and inexplicable. How does it serve our interests to help Saudi Arabia develop nuclear weapons? 
5,500 new donors joined our campaign in the last 48 hours! We are almost there. Will you help us reach the 65,000 we need to get on the debate stage?  
We have a big FEC fundraising deadline at midnight tonight - there is no better time to donate to our campaign than now. Will you help? Let’s show the power of our voices and the positive change we will make together. Contribute here by midnight:  
On  let’s stand for equality for all Americans by ending the discrimination faced by LGBTQ individuals every day — take action and call on Congress to pass the Equality Act!
Purdue Pharma knowingly ; aggressively pushed highly addictive drugs, hiding the truth about them ; describing those caught in addiction as criminals who brought it on themselves. We must reject their lies for profit ; this damaging view of addiction
My heart is with the people of Puna and all of our Hawaii Island ohana for continued strength and resilience as they continue to rebuild following Kilauea’s eruption. 
As president, I will end federal subsidies for oil companies and invest that money in supporting renewable energy ; renewable agriculture—industries that are vital to our future, address climate change, and are necessary for energy ; food security. 
More than 2,000 new donors since yesterday! We are finishing this quarter strong and I’m so grateful to all of you for being with me on this journey!  
We keep having problems with Twitter Live/Pscp.tv feed on Twitter, you can watch live at the Youtube link above or on Facebook!  Thank you -Livestream team
Watch Tulsi LIVE on the road in L.A.:    
Mind-blowing ; inexplicable is Trump’s recent approval for US companies to sell nuclear technology to Saudi Arabia. Why it’s in our interest to help the world’s primary exporter of jihadist ideology and terrorism get nuclear weapons is a question we should demand Trump answer.
The people of Georgia deserve to know that Georgian elections can’t be hacked. My Securing America’s Elections Act will give every Georgian voter the confidence that their votes will count and not be tampered with. 
 WE WON! Department of Justice will not prosecute him!! Congrats, Demetrius!! Amazing work by and…
UPDATE: due to high demand, we had to move to a bigger venue for our event tomorrow. See details below. If you’re in LA, come out and join us tomorrow at 11:00am! I’d love to see you there.   
We are fighting for our future—by leading with strength and a message of love for humanity and our world. I'm asking you to donate for a future without one regime change war after another and an end to the new Cold War and nuclear arms race.
Sending my deepest aloha, respect, love and gratitude to our Vietnam Veterans who unfortunately bore the brunt of anger that so many had for political leaders who were responsible for the war. We honor you. Welcome home.   
Tulsi is LIVE right now with Niko House on YouTube, tune in at 3pm PST for Jimmy Dore and 5:30pm with The Young Turks!
Turkey has proven time and again that they are a NATO ally in name only. Let’s be honest - Turkey continues to take actions that counter US interests and undermine our national security. Congress must act now ; pass our bill to stop the sale of our F-35s to Turkey.
We must stand up against for-profit, private prisons and a criminal justice system that favors the rich and powerful and punishes the poor, locking up people who smoke marijuana and ignoring corps like Purdue Pharma responsible for thousands of opioid-related deaths.  
 Happy birthday! Thank you so much! This is so kind of you. Look forward to seeing you tomorrow for your show! 
Mueller reported Trump did not collude with Russia to influence our elections. Now we must put aside partisan interests, move forward, and work to unite our country to deal with the serious challenges we face. 
49,624! Thank you to everyone reaching out to your friends and family, being a voice for peace in your community. It takes all of us, together. 
Last year an 11 yo girl at DEFCON hacked a replica of FL’s voting system in 10 mins - threats to election security are real. My Securing America’s Elections Act will empower every state to use voter-verified paper ballots to ensure no one can alter our election results.
When we stand up and speak the truth, it exposes those whose motives aren't in the interests of the people. They'll try to silence us, but we can't cower in a corner because they want us to shut up. I don’t know about you, but when someone tells me to be quiet, I speak up louder 
Trump’s budget would cut Medicaid by $1.5 trillion, Medicare by $845 billion and now he wants to strike down the entire ACA, leaving 20m people uninsured. The American people deserve a president who puts their health and safety first. 
Pulling funding for military readiness in order to construct small portions of a wall that will not increase border security is unserious and unstrategic leadership. The American people need genuine national security ; effective, humane border security. 
Saudi/US alliance bombing more hospitals in Yemen. The US has been aiding Saudi Arabia in their genocide of the Yemeni people for four years. This must end now.   
When we are informed, involved, and working together toward a common goal, we are more powerful than any special interest group. We need to get corporate money and lobbyists out of politics and elevate the voices of the people of our country.  
Another 1,000 people joined our movement just yesterday. We will carry all of your voices with us to the debate stage in June! Thank you  
My husband and I both have roots in New Zealand and it’s inspiring to see how the community is rallying to heal together. An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us - because when one of us hurts, we all hurt. 
“The time is always right to do what is right.” - Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.  
Happy 40th birthday Thank you for providing transparency for the American people through your unfiltered coverage of what is happening in our nation’s capital.
Once you catch the service bug, it’s hard to shake! Charles Carroll is a 105 year old WWII vet still serving. He does it because he loves the people and seeing their smiles "is worth a lot."  
By 2025, wind and solar will be cheaper than coal across the board. Anyone who’s still against renewable energy is fighting a losing battle.  
"We still don't know how rampant sexual assault in the military is, because there is still a fear of retaliation, there is a stigma, and people who don't want to be known as 'that one' who went against the team, who turned their back."  
(6/6) We have a lot of work to do — rebuilding our country's crumbling infrastructure, ending wasteful regime change wars, forging a clean energy future, ensuring healthcare for all, achieving immigration reform and so much more.
(5/6) ... Americans all over the country are asking when our leaders, from every party, are going to put aside partisan politics and work to address the challenges that are threatening American lives and livelihoods...
(4/6) … the 2020 elections - and all elections - by passing my Securing America's Elections Act, which empowers every state to use voter-verified paper ballots making it impossible for Russia or anyone else to change our election results…
(3/6) …it would have precipitated a terribly divisive crisis that could have even led to civil war. Now we must stand together and move beyond this divisive issue that has taken up enough of the national conversation. I'm calling on Congress to protect the integrity of...
(2/6) …of conspiring with a foreign power to interfere with our elections is a good thing for America. If the president of the United States had been indicted for conspiring with Russia to interfere with and affect the outcome of our elections…
(1/6) I strongly supported Mueller being allowed to complete his investigation and submit his findings. Now that Mueller has found no collusion took place, we need to set aside our partisan interests and recognize that finding the president of the United States not guilty…
New reports show legal marijuana to be the fastest-growing industry in the country: 65,000 full-time jobs added to the US job market in 2018 and 60% of voters supporting legalization. This underscores the fact that it’s time to decriminalize marijuana nationwide. 
In 2017, 72,000 people died of drug overdoses - more than the number of US soldiers killed during the Vietnam War. Purdue Pharma and other drug cartels masquerading as legitimate pharmaceutical corporations must be prosecuted.  
While we were in New Hampshire yesterday, 1,600 people joined us from all across the country. Your support is the reason our message of peace will be heard.  
Thank you for your support and for urging others to do the same! And thank you for sharing your music with the world ... I remain a fan. 
So sorry! Technical issues with Twitter again... Head to Facebook and YouTube to watch Tulsi LIVE at Plaistow Public Library. -V.
Executing even one prisoner in error is too great a risk. We must end the death penalty now. As President I will work for comprehensive criminal justice reform including abolishing the federal death penalty. 
It is unacceptable that it takes a lawsuit against Monsanto, maker of Roundup, to determine whether exposure to glyphosate can cause cancer. We must protect the ability of independent scientists to research ; publish findings free of corporate influence 
1,600 more donors today. Thank you! This is what democracy looks like. Our campaign is powered by the people - not PACs. 
LIVE on the road - Dover Town Hall - Dover, NH    
LIVE on the road - Carroll County Meet  Greet - Ossipee, NH    
Unless we protect our water, there is no economy, there are no jobs, there is no life - it's as simple as that.  is Every Day.      
This little girl warmed my heart. Strong fathers teach their daughters to be strong women. Thank you for being an example to all fathers out there, Adam Powell
Make the full Mueller report public and available to the American people. 
Thank you! So far we have 44,255 unique donors of the 65,000 needed to get on the debate stage! Almost 4,000 people contributed in the last 2 days. I’m humbled by your support. Stay tuned for updates! 
LIVE on the road - NEC Town Hall - Concord, NH    
LIVE on the road - World Water Day - Concord, NH    
Aloha Henniker! Tune in to Tulsi’s New England College town hall! -V. 
We must stand united against antisemitism and all forms of religious bigotry—symbols of hatred are a poison. We cannot be complacent. We must fight back with the power of love and inclusivity. 
I’ve said it before, I’ll keep saying it: ban roundup! It’s long past time we stopped relying on corrupt corporations with a profit incentive to fund science telling us their chemicals are “safe.” Victims shouldn’t have to go to trial to get the truth. 
BREAKING: Tulsi's Donor Challenge - Jaffrey, NH    
Another example of Trump and Netanyahu putting their own political interests ahead of the interests of our respective countries. Will escalate tensions and likelihood of war between Israel/US/Syria/Iran/Russia. Shortsighted. 
May the colorful celebrations of Holi around the world remind us all to let go of our bad habits, renew our will to do good, and be kind to one another regardless of our differences.
The drug pushers at Big Pharma have enough crooked politicians in their pocket to maintain the appearance of legality - that’s the only difference between them ; every other global drug cartel. I’m for legalizing marijuana ; holding Big Pharma accountable
Aloha to all who are celebrating Nowruz! Wishing you a prosperous new year filled with love, happiness, peace, and health.  Pirooz! 
The joy we experience in working for the well-being of others is universal. Too often, this natural tendency is stamped out by a culture of materialism ; consumerism. This young boy reminds us all that putting  is the path to happiness.
Sending my best wishes to all around the world who are celebrating Gaura Purnima today.  Jaya Sri Krishna Chaitanya Mahaprabhu!
"I’m not running for president to BE president. I’m running for president to be able to bring about this sea change in our foreign policy that is so necessary for us and for the world, and I’m most qualified to do that."   
 Amazing. Thank you so much!!
We need healthcare, education, clean energy, safe roads ; bridges. We do not need new space weapons. We need leaders who put  to address the needs of the American people with a  rather than pursuing a new arms race.
Our planet is choking on plastic trash b/c of greedy corporations ; self-serving politicians around the world who put profits before ppl. We need to work with other countries to move beyond plastics. We need leaders who will put our ppl ; planet first. 
“So you ask what I will change? I will change our priorities so we stop wasting trillions of our dollars on wasteful counterproductive wars and dedicate them to taking care of the urgent needs of our communities across this country.”   
I love this story - even when we’re hurt in the course of our service to others, the solution is found in service. a nonprofit formed by NYC firefighters who survived 9/11, is renovating a veteran's home because giving back helps them heal. 
100s are being rescued from record flooding in Iowa, Nebraska, Kansas ; Missouri from heavy rainfall combined with snowmelt. Thank you to all our brave first responders and citizens putting service before self to help their neighbors. Please stay safe. 
LIVE on the road - Fremont Town Hall - Fremont, CA    
For decades, Space has been a model of cooperation between global superpowers. But such cooperation is the latest victim of the new Cold War. Trump/Neocon efforts to start a space war/arms race will lead to destruction of our country and planet.  
(2 of 2) We cannot let him win. We must stand united in a condemnation of white nationalism ; all ideologies of violent exclusivism. We must stop “otherizing” people because they may be of a different race, religion, ethnicity, etc. 
(1 of 2) The terrorist who carried out the atrocities in New Zealand had a clear and sickening motive - to magnify hate and start a civil war in the US. He designed his attack to drive a wedge along lines of race, religion and partisanship among the American people.
Thanks to  I learned I’m part Irish. Happy 
Tulsi spoke to a standing room only crowd at the University of San Francisco today   
 Natural. It happened after her deployment to Iraq. She keeps it as a daily reminder of her experience and her purpose. -V. (Tulsi’s sister)
So sorry! We will cut livestream and upload full video later with sound. Aloha! -Tulsi’s Sister
Short-sighted politicians ; media pundits who've spent last 2 years accusing Trump as a Putin puppet have brought us the expensive new Cold War ; arms race. How? Because Trump now does everything he can to prove he’s not Putin’s puppet—even if it brings us closer to nuclear war.
It’s long overdue that we extend civil rights protections to the LGBTQ community and ensure equal treatment for all Americans under the law—regardless of race, sexual orientation, gender, religion, disability, or national origin.  
Washington hasn’t taken  seriously. Big money special interests and high-powered lobbyists try to block real change, real solutions. We must take a stand for our future. We must combat climate change NOW    
The massacre in Christchurch is the bitter fruit of hatred rooted in racism and religious bigotry. We must stand as one and condemn these attacks on our Muslim brothers and sisters. For those suffering today, in New Zealand and around the world, we are with you.
Investigation reveals Pence and Bolton lied to promote US regime change in Venezuela. Nothing new there. I wonder why CNN, MSNBC, FOX, etc. haven’t shared this information with the American people. Kudos to New York Times.
 lesson for the day: 
Trump's budget guts social safety nets and dumps the money into the swamp.  
We must be willing to fight for the right of all Americans to express their views, even when we disagree with them. We must encourage unfettered discussion of public issues and stand united to stop Facebook and others from attempting to censor/stifle/influence public debate.
As president, I will end the US policy of regime change wars, work to end the new cold war/nuclear arms race, ; put the trillions of $ wasted on these wars back in the pockets of the American people ; needs of our communities.   
President Trump's grounding of the 737 MAX 8/9 planes was the right thing to do. This is an example of what the president's emergency powers are meant for -- "emergency" is not meant to replace Congress’ constitutional power of the purse strings to fund his border wall.
(2/2) Facebook proved the charge that they are undermining Free Speech. If Facebook will censor my speech, then they will censor yours as well. This is why we must stand up for free speech—whether we agree with the content of that speech or not.
(1/2) If anyone needed further evidence that Facebook is censoring political speech, they provided that evidence themselves by deleting Elizabeth Warren’s post calling for breaking up Facebook and Amazon...
In order to be a force for good, we must actually DO good.       
As President and Commander-in-Chief, I will end the wasteful counterproductive regime-change wars, and reinvest those trillions of dollars in the needs of the American people.        
 That is UNACCEPTABLE!
Yes. In case there was any doubt. The system is rigged in favor of the rich and powerful.    
Absolute power corrupts absolutely. I agree with Senator Warren on the need to break up big tech companies like Facebook, Google, Amazon. Will be introducing similar legislation in U.S. House. 
The American people aren't looking to settle for inches. They're looking for real change.      
 Congrats I am one of them. Keep up the great work!
Say NO to the costly interventionist wars that have cost us trillions of dollars. We must reinvest those trillions of dollars in the needs of the American people.       
Tune in to tonight! 11:35 EST/10:35 CST.   
 Thank you for your continued service and leadership, and bringing voice to so many whose voices have not been heard. 
Help bring our voice to the presidential debate stage! Donate now and spread the word —         
As a soldier I've been through some tough situations before—so I'm not really worried about Donald Trump. I'm focused on serving the people of this country.     
Tulsi is LIVE at the CNN Presidential Town Hall now! Broadcast information: 
We need 65,000 unique donors to get on the debate stage. Will you help us get there?        
Get the special interest/PAC money out of politics       
Tune in tonight for the Presidential Town Hall at 7pm CT / 8pm ET.      
Freedom of the press is a pillar of our democracy. Surveilling, tracking ; unreasonably detaining anyone who is not suspected of a crime—especially journalists doing their job—is an abuse of authority ; should be investigated.    
It is unacceptable in this country that we have people who are sick or in need of care and are unable to get it because they don't have enough money.    
Tune in tomorrow for the  on TULSI to 48728 to get a reminder! 
3/3 …effect on investigative reporting of powerful government agencies or officials, including the president, intel agencies, etc. This is a serious breach of our constitutional freedoms and every American – Democrat, Republican or Independent – must stand up against it.
2/3 …any entity – online and offline – is in danger of being designated a ‘hostile intelligence service’ if they carry out investigative reporting that the US government or a particular administration considers to be hostile to itself. This will have a chilling…
1/3 If the government can change the designation of from being a news organization (Obama Admin’s designation of Wikileaks) to a hostile intelligence agency (Trump Admin’s designation), then…
60% of voters support marijuana legalization—great to see Florida coming around! We just introduced a bill to end federal  prohibition because American citizens should not be made into criminals for choosing to smoke marijuana. Join us 
Let us confront hatred with  Confront bigotry with  Confront fear with truth.  
Thank you, for your service to our country and for your courage in coming forward to share your story in the mission to put an end to military sexual assault.
Join us as we work for a  the trillions spent on regime change  ; nuclear arms race ; investing them to ensure  for all, combat climate change, rebuild our infrastructure, ; meet the needs of all Americans. Donate today. 
 It's really hard for scientists to research marijuana, but bill could fix that. 
 Percentage of people arrested for drug law violations who are Black or Latino: 46.9% (despite making up just 31.5% of the U.S. population) 
 Thank you Doug!
# of people arrested for marijuana law violation in 2017: 659,700# of those charged with marijuana law violations arrested for possession only: 599,282 (90.8 percent)I intro'd bipartisan bill today to END THE FEDERAL MARIJUANA PROHIBITION. Congress must act now  
Three-quarters of Americans agree that people like them have too little influence in Washington, while lobbyists, big business ; wealthy have too much. Corrupt pay-to-play politics in Washington must end.  
 “Chiefly office is not something that history has given to certain individuals to use or abuse as they see fit. Like all…
Gerrymandering threatens our democracy and fuels corruption and a widening partisan divide. Greedy politicians who literally divide us along partisan lines in order to consolidate their own power and influence need to be challenged at every turn.   
Trump’s basic misunderstanding of how trade works is starting to show up in devastating impacts to working Americans. We need a win-win global strategy based on cooperation, not confrontation.  
The future is clean! Amazing to see Kenya moving to 100% clean energy by next year. Where there’s a will, there is always a way. People power + planet power = a green economy. 
The majority of US agrees on need to address healthcare, climate change, corruption, etc. Divisions that lead to civil war are the fault of partisan pols seeking votes and a corporate-owned media establishment that pushes a war agenda and profits off controversy ; divisiveness. 
“I have always believed people should determine their country’s direction for themselves… I have been part of a military that at times has been an obstacle to self-determination. I regret that.” Powerful words from Mjr. Peterson after 21 years of service. 
There is no such thing as “clean coal.” Once we contaminate groundwater, it’s extremely difficult to clean up and has impacts across the entire ecosystem. Government should protect the people and the environment—not the coal industry. 
It’s heartwarming to watch Ruby’s face as she discovers the pure joy of putting service before self in our everyday lives. The care and compassion she brings to nursing home residents is worth so much more than a short grocery list.   
 
We must never forget our dark and bloodied past, ; the heroes who changed the course of our nation by courageously leading with love to defeat the hatred ; violence that surrounded them. They inspire us to continue the march toward justice, equality ; freedom  
My heart is with the people of Alabama and Georgia whose homes and lives have been so devastated by these tornadoes, and the loved ones of those whose lives were lost. Many thanks to the first responders who are working around the clock to recover survivors. 
As president, I will put service above self—the interests of the American people above any personal interests—and stand up against the powerful forces of greed and corruption.   
We need to end the new cold war. We need to halt the inflammatory rhetoric, pursue agreements like the INF treaty instead of abandoning them, and put the safety of our people and the entire planet before politics. 
This hits close to home. Noise pollution from sonar is a big problem for HI's marine life, killing ; injuring whales, dolphins ; turtles. Sound vibration is powerful ; needs to be regulated for the safety ; wellbeing of all living beings.  
Trump’s rejection of agreements such as the INF arms control treaty between the US and Russia will worsen the new Cold War and bring the world closer to nuclear war.
On this 54th Anniversary of Bloody Sunday in Selma, we honor the courageous acts of love by people like Amelia Boynton ; John Lewis who were beaten ; bloodied, marching for the right to vote, equality, ; humanity. It was truly an honor to walk across this bridge w/ 
Congrats to Oakland teachers on their success achieving fair wages, lower class sizes ; more resources to do the hard work of educating ; lifting up the next generation. Thank you to teachers everywhere for your dedication ; sacrifice for our common future 

Child poverty costs the US $800B/yr in lost productivity ; higher criminal justice/healthcare costs. A  from ending regime change war ; nuke arms race would provide the $90M investment needed to cut the rate of child poverty in half. 
We must stand united to condemn religious bigotry. The anti-Muslim bigotry and hate expressed towards Rep. Ilhan Omar comparing her to 9/11 terrorists is reprehensible. 
No amount of lead is safe for kids' developing brains. Taking lead out of schools is 1 of 1000s of benefits we could have with a  from ending regime change war ; the new nuclear arms race, ; investing that money in our communities.  
 My heart goes out to the families of the suicide bombing victims in India ; the many victims of terror from these same gr…
 As long as Pakistan is providing terrorists with a safe haven, there will be heightened tensions between the two countrie…
We need an economy that works for all Americans. I’m joining to stand with the locomotive manufacturing workers of Local 506 and 618 in Erie, PA in their strike for fair wages and stable working conditions. 
We do not inherit the earth from our ancestors - we borrow it from our children.” This is what happens when we mishandle it and they ask for it back.  
Decisions by Presidents who do not understand foreign policy, or who lack the temperament or foresight to make wise and careful decisions, result in suffering, death and the decimation of communities – abroad and at home, as we bankrupt our country to pay for unnecessary war.
My heart goes out to the families of the suicide bombing victims in India ; the many victims of terror from these same groups that have killed hundreds of Indian and Pakistani civilians over the years. It's time for Pakistan's leaders to stop giving safe haven to these terrorists
As long as Pakistan is providing terrorists with a safe haven, there will be heightened tensions between the two countries. It's time for Pakistan's leaders to stand up against the extremists and terrorists.
