Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern history.Donald Trump is the most racist president in modern history.Donald Trump is the worst jobs president in modern history.Why would we give him another four years?
The power to change this country is in your hands.Vote:  
Here’s the truth: Donald Trump inherited a growing economy from President Obama and me. And just like everything else he’s inherited in life, he squandered it.
 WISCONSIN 🧀 VOTING ALE: If you haven’t returned your mail-in ballot, we strongly recommend you vote in-person tomorrow. Conf…
I’m speaking with members of the African American community in Pittsburgh about the power of the vote — and the future we can build together. Tune in. 
  will give you a million reasons to vote for and are so excited to have Gaga on the tra…
When America votes, America will be heard. And when America is heard, I believe the message is going to be loud and clear: It’s time for Donald Trump to leave the White House.
A Biden-Harris administration will:- Implement nationwide mask mandates- Ensure access to regular, reliable, and free testing- Accelerate the development and distribution of safe and effective treatments and vaccinesWe won’t waste any time getting this virus under control.
Health care. Civil rights.Climate change. Economic inequality. Racial justice.The Supreme Court.Our democracy.They’re all at stake. Vote. 
Together, we're going to rebuild our economy. And when we do, we'll not only build it back — we'll build it back better.
You have the power to own the outcome of this election and determine the course of our country for generations to come.Make your plan to vote:  
It’s go time, America. 
In public, President Trump compared COVID-19 to the flu and suggested people inject bleach to treat it.In private, he told Bob Woodward it was deadlier than the flu and that he wanted to downplay it.It’s unthinkable.
I have always believed you can define America in one word: possibilities. And I refuse to postpone those possibilities any longer.There is so much we can achieve as a nation with Donald Trump out of the White House.
I'm in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, to thank some of our incredible volunteers for all their hard work. Tune in — and then sign up to help:  
Are you still undecided about who to vote for or know someone who is? My team put together some cheat sheets to show where Donald Trump and I stand on the issues to help you out. Take a look, and then share them with family and friends. 
We only get one opportunity to vote out Donald Trump — and we can’t leave anything to chance.Vote: Volunteer: Donate: Let’s get the job done.
Mask up and vote. 
Tune in as my campaign manager and campaign adviser Bob Bauer discuss what to expect on Election Night. 
We have one shot. One opportunity. One moment.Don’t miss the chance — vote. 
Tomorrow, the American people get their say and will choose the next President. This afternoon, my campaign manager and campaign adviser Bob Bauer will sit down to discuss what you can expect as the results come in. You can watch right here on Twitter at 1 PM ET. 
One day left — and we're leaving it all on the field. Tune in as we get out the vote in Cleveland. 
We’re just one day away from the most important election of our lifetimes — and we need your help to get voters to the polls.Sign up to volunteer today: 
Climate change isn't a hoax –– it's a threat to millions of Americans like Velma and Amirah.We have to vote out Donald Trump tomorrow and take urgent action to combat this crisis. 
This is my commitment to you: We will make sure every American has access to a free and safe COVID-19 vaccine.
 Florida, the race is close and we only have two days left to vote for will you vote today?  
1 day. Let’s win this thing.
From climate change to racial justice — there is so much on the line in this election. So my team put together a generator to help you show your friends and family what you’re voting for. Head to  to try it out.
If you can still vote early, then vote early today.If you haven’t returned your absentee ballot yet, then return it today.If you’re voting in-person tomorrow, then make your plan today.Let’s end this — today.
My faith has been my anchor through highs and lows –– a guiding light that taught me the values of honesty, decency, and treating others with respect.As president, it will continue to serve as a source of strength. 
Don’t wait: Drop off your ballot today.
We need a president who actually listens to experts like Dr. Fauci.
If I have the honor of being elected president, I will take care of your family like I would my own. 
I started this campaign saying we were in a battle for the soul of this nation — and I believe that even more deeply today.But make no mistake: It’s a battle we can and will win.
Our president has failed in his most basic duty to this nation: to protect us.It’s unforgivable.
The hard truth is that our economy wasn't working for folks long before this crisis. It's why we can't just go back to the way things were — we have to build back better.Here's how we'll do it: 
Vote for respect.Vote for decency.Vote for truth.Vote for leadership.
When you use your voice and vote, things can — and will — change for the better. 
Donald Trump sees the world from Park Avenue.I see it from where I came from: Scranton, Pennsylvania. It's why I'll fight every day as president to make this country work for middle class and low-income Americans — not just the wealthy and well-connected.
No one fights harder for the people of Alabama than my friend, He's a Senator with a big heart and he's never afraid to fight for what's right.Doug is in a tight race and needs your help to win on Tuesday. Chip in:  
As president, I’ll protect and build on Obamacare by: - Giving Americans the choice of a new public option- Lowering premiums, deductibles, and co-pays- Lowering the cost of prescription drugsLearn more: 
The United States of America has emerged stronger from every trial and tribulation it has faced. And if we come together, follow the science, and keep faith with each other, we will once again. I promise.
This is the most important election in our lifetimes — and you have the power to make all the difference.Vote. 
2016 taught us to take nothing for granted and to leave everything on the field.Vote:  
When Donald Trump thinks about climate change, he thinks “hoax.” I think “jobs.”We can solve our climate crisis and our economic crisis at the same time. Here’s how: 
This is our moment to root out systemic racism and build a nation true to our founding ideals. A nation where all men and women are not only created equal — but treated equally. Here's how we'll advance racial economic equity: 
A more hopeful, united, and loving America is within our grasp –– but we have to vote for it. 
Donald Trump’s COVID-19 response has been the greatest failure of presidential leadership in our nation’s history.
From Arizona to Georgia to Wisconsin and beyond — we’re working hard to earn every last vote. 
Under my tax plan, no one making under $400,000 will see their taxes go up.But it’s time large corporations and the wealthiest Americans pay their fair share.
I want to help restore hope in this country — and I have a bold vision for how, together, we can do that. 
Together, we can make Donald Trump a one-term president.
Donald Trump is trying to eliminate the entire Affordable Care Act in the middle of a pandemic.If he gets his way, more than 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions could see their costs skyrocket or be denied coverage altogether.We can’t let him win. 
It’s long past time President Trump and his wealthy friends paid their fair share in taxes.
 Many people have asked now that they’ve voted, what can they do to help in the home stretch of this campaign? The answe…
Scranton, Pennsylvania, isn't just where I'm from — it's the people I'm for. I'll fight every single day in the White House for the hardworking Americans who make our country run. 
Together, we can solve the crises we’re facing and win the battle for the soul of the nation. It all begins on Tuesday. Tune in as we get out the vote in Pennsylvania. 
Let's turn Texas blue. 
Donald Trump claimed he would be "the greatest jobs president God ever created."Instead, he's on track to become the worst jobs president in 100 years.
Don’t let anyone tell you your voice won’t count — because it will.Make sure your voice is heard. Go to  right now and make your plan to vote.
 Our elders know how precious our vote is. They know what it feels like to have their rights denied. Be like Elsie. Go vote.…
Tune in as I join members of Philadelphia's faith community for a Souls to the Polls event. 
I believe climate change is an existential threat to humanity.Donald Trump doesn’t even think it exists.It’s that simple, folks.
Fired up! 
It’s long past time we take action to end the scourge of gun violence in America.As president, I’ll ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines, implement universal background checks, and enact other common-sense reforms to end our gun violence epidemic.
More than 230,000 Americans have died from COVID-19 –– and Donald Trump has given up on trying to get the virus under control.He may have quit on you, but I promise I never will.
There are just two days until Election Day, and our campaign is working around the clock to get folks to vote.Can you chip in to help us reach every last voter before polls close on Tuesday? 
Health care is deeply personal to me — like it is for so many Americans. And I promise you that as president, I will protect your family's health care as if it were my own. 
We can build a future where:- Health care is a right- We end the gun violence epidemic- We combat climate change- Our government works for everyoneVote. 
The Trump Administration knew how deadly this virus was back in February.But they didn't tell you or your family. Instead, they gave a heads up to their friends on Wall Street so investors could make a profit before the recession hit.They hid the truth. It's unforgivable.
I'm running as a proud Democrat, but I will govern as an American president. 
We need a president who believes in science and listens to someone other than himself.
Folks, there are just three days left to vote in this election, and we need your help to get people to the polls. Text three friends or family members and make sure they have a plan to vote. 
Desde sus actos atroces con la separación de familias en nuestra frontera hasta su ignorancia con el pueblo puertorriqeño después del huracán María, el presidente Trump ha atacado la dignidad de las familias latinas una y otra vez.Esto terminará cuando yo sea presidente.
The future of our planet is on the ballot.Vote: 
If you’re sick or struggling or worried about how you’ll get through the day: I want you to know that I see you, and I won’t forget you.You can count on me to fight for you every day in the White House.
 We cannot afford to have anyone sit this election out — there’s too much at stake.We need all hands on deck. Ready to get to…
From his heinous acts of separating families at our border to his neglect of the people of Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria, President Trump has attacked the dignity of Latino families time and time again.It will end when I’m president.
2 days. Finish strong.
I promise you this: I’ll end Donald Trump’s chaos and end this crisis.
My faith has been a source of immeasurable solace in times of grief and a daily inspiration to fight against the abuse of power in all its forms. As president, it will continue to serve as my anchor, as it has my entire life. 
Right now: - Almost 23 million Americans are on unemployment- Nearly 1 in 5 small businesses have closed their doors- Millions of people are at risk of being evicted We simply can’t afford another four years of Donald Trump.
Return your ballot today, folks.
Jodie –– you have my word: I will always stand up for you and the millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions. 
We need to:Build bridges, not walls.Open our arms, not clench our fists.Focus on the ties that bind us together, not tear each other apart.We need to be what we are at our best: One America.
We have in our hands the ultimate power: the power of the vote.Don’t let it go to waste. Make your plan to vote today. 
Let’s put dogs back in the White House. 
As president, I’ll build an economy that rewards work — not just wealth.
Vote like your health care is on the ballot — because it is. 
The issues we’re facing are far bigger than any political party.It’s why I’ll be a president for all Americans — Democrats, Republicans, and Independents alike — because I believe we must work together if we’re going to get anything done.
 and I have seen the office of the presidency up close, we know what the job entails, and there's too much at stake to give Donald Trump another four years.Vote:  
The words of a president matter. And time and time again, Donald Trump has callously used his to incite violence, stoke the flames of hatred and division, and drive us further apart.It’s time for it to end.
To all the heroes who have served in our armed forces, and the families and caregivers who sacrificed alongside them, I promise I’ll always have your back. 
The character of our nation is on the ballot.Vote: 
We can and will solve the climate crisis — together. 
The hard truth is that under President Trump, we’ve become weaker, sicker, poorer, more divided, and more violent.
Un número récord de latinos son elegibles para votar en esta elección, así que ve a votar para lograr que tu voz se escuche. No dejes que los demás decidan por ti. 
Together, we can end the last four years of chaos. 
Vote for equality.Vote for the planet.Vote for justice.Vote for the future. 
You’re absolutely right, Brayden — no one should ever underestimate the American people. 
President Trump doesn’t care about you. He doesn’t even care about his own supporters. 
Tonight marks our last end-of-month fundraising deadline — and it’s our most important one yet.With three days until Election Day, we can’t afford to fall short.If you’re able, please chip in to help us reach our goal: 
Happy Halloween! 
I want to extend my prayers and condolences to the Chaldean Assyrian Community this 10th anniversary of Our Lady of Deliverance church massacre in Baghdad. The right to worship is fundamental, and as Americans we should be proud that people from around the world find a home here.
Presidents lead by example.Mask up. 
 At the young age of 102, Pearl Wachman talks about the remarkable story of American progress and how we must mobilize and vote…
There is too much at stake on Tuesday to sit this election out. Tune in as and I get out the vote in Detroit, Michigan. 
As president, I will choose: Hope, not fear.Peace, not violence.Generosity, not greed. I’ll appeal to the best in us, not the worst.
 Is your ballot still sitting at home? I’m asking you to:• Fill it out.• Sign it.• Seal it.• Deliver it. 
 already voted, but he knows there's still more work to be done before Election Day.Sign up to join him:  
 Don't boo — vote! Happy Halloween, everybody.  
President Obama and I left President Trump a playbook on how to deal with pandemics. He flat-out ignored it. And we're suffering every day because of it.
If you’re planning to vote early in-person, today is your last day to do so in many states. Head to  to find all the information you need to cast your ballot. 
 Voting Update! Early vote hours have been extended in Douglas County, NE to 5:00 PM today. Find your early voting location a…
With just three days to go, and I are back together on the campaign trail in Michigan. Tune in. 
 This is hometown. This is more than where he’s from. This is who he’s for. 
Folks, we’re just three days from Election Day — and what you do between now and when polls close on Tuesday will determine the course of our country for generations to come. Sign up to help us get voters to the polls: 
Who let all these people into my basement? 
3 days.Stay empowered, stay optimistic, stay united.
The urgency of this election couldn’t be greater — and the stakes couldn’t be higher. Don’t wait: go to  and vote early today.
Be a patriot. Wear a mask. 
 🚨3 days until Election Day🚨 It’s not too late to volunteer with our campaign. See how to get involved this weekend!  htt…
Every single American deserves access to regular, reliable, and free COVID-19 testing. Period.
President Trump still has no plan to address COVID-19.He quit on you, on your family, on America. He just wants us to grow numb to the horrors of the death toll and the pain.We cannot afford another four years of his failed leadership.
The future of this country is in your hands.Make a plan to vote now. 
I believe every American deserves to retire with dignity. 
This is your chance to be a part of history.Vote:  
Moody’s Analytics projects that my plan will create 18.6 million jobs — over 7 million more jobs than President Trump’s plan.We’re going to build back better and ensure everyone has a fair shot to get ahead. 
Alfonso vino aquí con un sueño. Y su futuro ha sido robado. Ya es suficiente. 
Let me be clear: Anyone who is responsible for plunging and ensnaring America in this crisis — anyone who could do so without an ounce of shame or a shred of empathy — should not be president. 
From the climate crisis to student debt and gun violence — there's so much on the line in this election, and young people have the power to own the outcome.So vote, and let's build a better future together:  
Love will always win. Congratulations, and 
This Domestic Violence Awareness Month, I recommit to ensuring domestic violence is treated like the crime it is, and to ensuring survivors receive the support they need. I've spent my entire career fighting domestic abuse — and will continue that fight as president. 
Your vote will help determine the future of our country. I’m in Wisconsin to urge folks to use that power. Tune in. 
More than 9 million cases of COVID-19 have been now confirmed in the United States — and more than 228,000 Americans have lost their lives.It is as severe an indictment of a president’s record as one can possibly imagine, and it is utterly disqualifying.
 Up there's the finish line. Our future is worth our fight.Thank you, for voicing what  ca…
Jill and I are praying for all those impacted by Hurricane Zeta. The entire nation stands with you as you rebuild and recover.
Alfonso came here with a dream. And now he’s been robbed of his future. Enough is enough. 
We are in a battle for the soul of the nation –– your voice and vote can make all the difference. Tune in as I speak live from Minnesota. 
Jill and I send our prayers to the people of Greece and Turkey following today’s earthquake. We’re grateful for the brave rescuers saving others, and for the governments of Greece and Turkey putting aside their differences to support each other.
Let me be clear: Hardworking Americans should not be paying more in federal income taxes than Amazon or Netflix.It’s time for big corporations to finally pay their fair share.
I'm not going to shut down the country.I'm not going to shut down the economy.I'm going to shut down the virus.
You have the power to silence him.Vote:  
There’s no challenge we can’t overcome when we stand united. With just four days to go, tune in as we get out the vote in Iowa. 
Donald Trump is wholly unfit to serve as commander in chief. But don’t just take my word for it... 
After campaigning in 2016 to lift up the ‘forgotten man,’ President Trump has completely lost sight of working people. I promise you this: I never will. 
Folks, deadlines to vote early in-person are arriving across the country. Don’t wait until November 3rd to cast your ballot — head to  to find all the information you need to vote today. 
 Today is the last day to vote early in person for and in these states: ✅Arizona ✅Georgia✅Nevada ✅…
They say never read the comments –– well, I did anyway. 
4 days to prevent another 4 years.Vote: 
This storm will pass, and a new day will come. 
Now more than ever, we need a president who will choose compassion over cruelty.
This election is about so much more than policy. The character of our country is on the ballot. And and I will work every day to bring this country back together — fighting as hard for those who don’t support us as those who do. 
Here’s the bottom line: When we vote, things get better. Tune in as we hold a get out the vote rally in Tampa Bay, Florida. 
You have my word: if I have the honor of serving as your president, I will do everything in my power to defeat COVID-19.Here’s my plan to get it done: 
Enough of the lies.Vote him out:  
The future of our country is on the ballot — and you get to decide what it looks like.Vote: 
Christen — tell your grandmother I’m incredibly grateful to have her support, and thank you for helping her cast her ballot. 
 y yo no solo reconstruiremos las cosas como eran antes de estas crisis, sino que reconstruiremos un mejor país que antes, para crear una nueva economía estadounidense. Mira la explicación de mi amigo 
Donald Trump is on track to become the worst jobs president in modern American history. 
Las latinas son el corazón de nuestras comunidades y hoy en el Día de la equidad salarial de la mujer latina, reconocemos el hecho de que solo ganan 54 centavos por cada dólar que gana un hombre blanco.Mi administración luchará para asegurar la igualdad salarial que se merecen.
Jill and I are keeping the French people in our prayers following the horrific terror attack in Nice — which targeted innocents in a house of worship. A Biden-Harris administration will work with our allies and partners to prevent extremist violence in all forms.
My Catholic faith drilled into me a core truth — that every person on earth is equal in rights and dignity. As president, these are the principles that will shape all that I do, and my faith will continue to serve as my anchor, as it has my entire life. 
We’re just five days from Election Day –– and everything is on the line. Tune in as we get out the vote in Broward County, Florida. 
I join Israelis in honoring Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin z"l, 25 years after his assassination. He led a life of service to his country and its security — and bravely gave his life pursuing peace. I was honored to call him a friend.
Latinas are the heart of our communities — and on Latina Equal Pay Day, we call attention to the fact that they earn only 54 cents for every dollar a white man makes.A Biden-Harris Administration will build back better for Latinas by taking overdue action to ensure equal pay.
 and I won't just build back to the way things were before these crises — we're going to build back better and create a new American economy. Watch as my friend explains. 
5 days. Let’s bring this home.
Success in a Biden-Harris Administration will not be measured just by the stock market or GDP growth, but by the extent to which growth is raising the pay, dignity, and economic security of our working families—especially those who have been left behind. 
GDP rose last quarter, but visits to food banks haven’t slowed, and poverty has grown. We’re on track for the worst economic downturn in over 70 years, and Donald Trump is on track to be the first president since Herbert Hoover to leave office with less jobs than when he came in.
"History says, don't hopeOn this side of the grave.But then, once in a lifetimeThe longed-for tidal waveOf justice can rise up,And hope and history rhyme."- Seamus Heaney 
The election is underway across the country, and we need your help to spread the word on social media. Sign up to help, and let’s win this thing: 
Folks, if you haven’t returned your absentee ballot yet, it’s important you do so as soon as possible.Head to  to learn more about how to return your ballot.
The stakes in this election couldn’t be higher — and with just six days left, we can’t let up.Chip in to help us get the job done on Tuesday: 
I believe in science.Donald Trump doesn't.It's that simple, folks.
The future of our planet is on the ballot. 
We have just six more days left in this election — and the American people have the power in their hands to put our country on a vastly different path.Make your plan to vote today: 
It’s not political.It’s patriotic.Wear a mask. Period.
You can't make this up: Yesterday, the White House science office put out a statement listing "ending the COVID-19 pandemic" as the top accomplishment of President Trump's first term. 
Melanie, thank you for sharing your story and for the sacrifices you've made to keep us all safe. They are not in vain.On Tuesday, we need to vote out Donald Trump and treat the climate crisis like the existential threat it is. 
We voted. 
Today we celebrate the 80th anniversary of Oxi Day. Greeks inspired the free world when they resisted Mussolini’s invading army — and that courageous spirit lives on today, reminding us we too must stand up and do our part to safeguard our democracy.
It’s hard to believe it’s been a year since we lost my friend Senator Kay Hagan. Kay was a relentless champion for North Carolina and a fierce defender of its citizens. May her legacy continue to inspire a new generation of leaders to follow in her steps. 
Thank you for your support, May the force be with us this election season. 
As president, I'll build on Obamacare to ensure every single American has access to quality, affordable health care.Here's how: 
It’s simple: Donald Trump thinks health care is a privilege. I think it is your right.
Under Donald Trump’s leadership, we have become weaker and sicker. Tune in as I discuss how I’ll get this virus under control and ensure every American has access to quality, affordable health care. 
 Nos faltan 6 días para lograr que nuestras voces se escuchen.Haz tu plan de votación ahora en 
We are the United States of America. We can beat this virus.There is no challenge we cannot meet, no enemy we cannot face, no threat we cannot conquer when we stand together.
6 days.Return your ballot now: 
America is at a crossroads.We can choose four more years of Donald Trump's chaos and division. Or we can choose a different path — one of hope and light.The decision is in your hands. Vote: 
Two years ago, a white supremacist entered Pittsburgh’s Tree of Life Synagogue and perpetrated the deadliest anti-Semitic attack in American history. May the memories of those we lost be a blessing — and may we never stop fighting the scourges of anti-Semitism and gun violence.
Folks, we're just one week from Election Day, and we can't get complacent. Our campaign is working to reach voters across the country until the very last ballot is cast. We can't afford to fall short. If you're able, please chip in now: 
Health care is on the line.Workers' rights are on the line.Civil rights are on the line.Women's rights are on the line.LGBTQ+ rights are on the line.Immigrant rights are on the line.Don't sit this one out. Head to  and make your plan to vote today.
From the moment I announced I was running for president, my goal has been to unite and heal this nation.We must come together. 
 Este año, un récord de 32 millones de latinos son elegibles para votar.Tenemos el poder de decidir esta elección.Haz un pl…
If you give me the honor of serving as your president, I won't waste any time getting this virus under control and building our nation back better. 
America's history is the story of "We the People."Of all of us — together. 
Our hearts are broken for the family of Walter Wallace Jr., and for all those suffering the emotional weight of learning about another Black life in America lost.Walter’s life mattered. 
It’s go-time, folks. We’re just one week away from the most important election of our lifetimes. Tune in as we get out the vote in Atlanta, Georgia. 
The names of George Floyd and Breonna Taylor and Jacob Blake will not soon be forgotten.Not by me. Not by us. Not by this country.They’re going to inspire a new wave of justice in America.
I know this country. I know our people. And I know we can unite and heal this nation.
I believe this election is about who we are as a nation, what we believe — and maybe most importantly — who we want to be.It's about our essence. It’s about what makes us Americans. It’s that fundamental.Vote: 
With one week left until Election Day, I'm delivering remarks in Warm Springs, Georgia, on how we can unite to address the crises facing our nation. Tune in. 
Black lives matter. No president should be afraid to say it. 
With just one week until Election Day, is in Orlando, Florida, encouraging folks to vote early. Tune in. 
This is our opportunity to leave the dark, angry politics of the past four years behind us.It's time to come together and unite the country.It all begins with your vote:  
Home is where your values are set — where your view of the world begins to form, along with your place in it.For me, that's Scranton, PA.Pennsylvania: today is your last day to vote early in person. We've got to win this — let's bring it home.Vote:  
One week until Election Day. Don’t let up now.
Vote.
The rushed and unprecedented confirmation of Amy Coney Barrett as Associate Justice to the Supreme Court, in the middle of an ongoing election, should be a stark reminder to every American that your vote matters. 
 Instead of working to provide COVID-19 relief to struggling Americans, Mitch McConnell and Republicans chose to jam throu…
Folks, I'm amazed by what you all are doing to get out the vote. We can't let up — remember to vote early, and sign up to help this final weekend:  
I couldn't be more excited to have my friend hitting the campaign trail to talk about what's at stake in this election.As he said in Philadelphia, we can't just imagine a better future — we have to fight for it and vote like never before:  
We can’t let President Trump tear down Obamacare.
More than 60 million Americans have already voted. They deserve to have their voices heard on who replaces Justice Ginsburg.
Don't wake up on November 4th wishing you had done more.If you're able, chip in $8 to help secure a victory in 8 days: 
Maine — there are only five days left to vote early in-person for and Democrats up and down the ballot.Sara has been a relentless champion for Mainers, and electing her is key to flipping the Senate — but we can’t do it without you.Vote: 
No president whose lies and failures have cost 225,000 American lives should keep his job. Period.
 With only eight days to go until Election Day, this is your reminder to vote early.
It didn’t have to be this bad — and as said, “Our commander in chief, sadly, has been missing in action.”It’s unforgivable. 
Character is on the ballot.Vote:  
 I remember what it was like when Beau was deployed in Iraq. It was a mix of pride and fear, a longing for that empty seat at t…
In 8 days, we’re going to take our democracy back.
Maryland –– today's the first day of early voting across the state. Head to  to learn more. Cast your ballot today.
If you live in Colorado, you must register today to receive a ballot in the mail. You can still same-day register in person before you vote early or on Election Day, but don't wait! Head to  to learn more.
If you live in:MontanaWashingtonToday is your last day to register to vote. After today, you can still same-day register in person when you vote early or on Election Day. Head to  to learn more.
This is the most important election of our lifetimes. Don't wait to make your voice heard.Vote early today: 
Folks, the I Will Vote concert is finally here. Tune in as an incredible lineup of stars comes together to get out the vote. 
It's clear Donald Trump will stop at nothing to tear down Obamacare.We can't let him. 
I will never give up on the American people. 
Jacquelyn — I was honored to meet you in December, and I’m honored to have you on my team now. With the help of folks like you, we’re going to overcome the obstacles we face and restore decency in this country. 
Thank you and for this powerful video.Hate has no place in the United States — and on November 3rd we will prove that. 
There is a real human toll to President Trump's failed leadership.We can't forget that. 
President Trump and his administration may have quit on the American people — but I can promise you I never will. 
Folks, with just nine days until Election Day, your support is more important than ever.Every dollar counts during this final stretch.If you're able, please chip in today: 
 was a president our kids could look up to. 
 Tune in now to GOTV L!VE: A Soul of the Nation Gospel Concert Special with special messages from celebrity and faith lead…
The fact is Secretary Betsy DeVos and President Trump don't care about our students or our teachers.You deserve better. 
The hard truth is it didn't have to be this bad. But Donald Trump's shortsighted actions weakened our ability to respond to a pandemic long before COVID-19 reached our shores. 
It’s voting season, folks. Watch as breaks down the importance of your vote — and then head to  to make your voice heard today. 
Your vote can change the course of history — don’t wait to cast it.Vote early today: 
After months of competing against each other in the primary, and I know each other pretty well. Watch them break down the latest presidential debate: 
9 days. Let’s go.
Be like early:  
You deserve a president who will get up every single day and work to make your life better.If you elect me, that’s exactly what I’ll do. 
Folks, I've got some big news: We officially reached our goal of talking to 10 million voters on this  we're not done yet — we set a new goal of 15 million and can't reach it without you.Sign up to help:  
It’s become painfully clear that the only senior that Donald Trump cares about is Donald Trump. 
Folks, it’s go-time. There are just 10 days left until Election Day, and we need your help. Chip in $10 to help bring this across the finish line: 
President Trump continues to prove just how unfit he is to lead our nation through a global pandemic.
Imagine a day in the not too distant future when you can enjoy a dinner out with your friends, a night at the movies, or when you can celebrate your birthday, wedding, or graduation surrounded by your nearest and dearest.We can get there — together. 
Make your plan to vote early, folks. 
 and I are in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, to encourage folks to vote early. Tune in — and then head to  to make your plan to vote. 
 Hello, Florida! It's  and we’re just 10 days away from this election. I want to see you make a plan today for…
President Trump called India "filthy."It's not how you talk about friends—and it's not how you solve global challenges like climate change and I deeply value our partnership—and will put respect back at the center of our foreign policy. 
Iowa — today is your last day to register to vote online or pre-register in person. After today, you can register when you vote early in-person or at the polls on Election Day.Head to  to get registered.
New York — you can vote early in-person starting today.Be among the first in your state to make your voice heard in this year's election. 
Rick — thank you for sharing your talent with me. I was so blown away by your art that I asked my team to add it to our online store:  
Massachusetts — today is the last day to register to vote.Head to  and get registered before it’s too late.
Folks, you don’t have to wait until November 3rd to cast your ballot. You can vote now in most states across the country.Head to  and make your voice heard today. 
On Thursday, President Trump said we're "rounding the turn" when it comes to COVID-19.On Friday, we set a new record for daily cases. We're paying the price for his failures every single day. 
Today marks the first-ever  — and our campaign has set a big goal of talking to ten million people about voting early.We can’t do it without you — sign up to help: 
With just ten days until Election Day, and I are in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, to encourage folks to vote early. Tune in. 
10 days.
Shamar –– thank you for your continued support and words of wisdom. I can’t wait to see what you accomplish. 
Folks, tomorrow marks the first-ever  your plan to vote early: And then sign up to help get people across the country to vote early as well:  
 The future of health care, our climate, our education system and so much more is at stake in this election. That's why i…
Wearing a mask is not a political statement. 
 One election won't make everything perfect—but it could make things better. And that's why it’s worth taking a few minutes…
More than 50 million Americans have already voted. We are making history.Join us: 
There is nothing more powerful than folks coming together and using their voices to inspire change. We're hosting a grassroots concert to get people to the polls across the country, and I hope you’ll join us.Chip in any amount to reserve your spot:  
A slight change of tone from the president for one night doesn’t cover up the lies he told. It doesn’t change the fact that over 220,000 Americans have died from COVID-19 on his watch.We can’t take another four years of Donald Trump’s failed leadership.
64 years ago today, freedom-loving Hungarians revolted against communist rule. Their spirit inspired the Prague Spring, Poland's Solidarity movement, and the fall of the Berlin Wall. As president, I'll always stand in defense of democracy and freedom at home and around the world.
After eight months of this pandemic, we finally found President Trump's plan to beat COVID-19. 
 More than 223,000 people have died from coronavirus. Trump still doesn’t have a plan. We need a real leader in the White…
You deserve a president who tells you the truth. 
 is right: President Trump wants full credit for the economy he inherited and zero blame for the pandemic he ignored. 
The character of our country is on the ballot.Last night’s debate showed once and for all that the choice is as clear as ever, and the stakes are as high as ever.Vote:  
Return your ballots, folks.
Utah — today is the last day to register to vote online.After today, you can register when you vote early in-person or at the polls on Election Day.Head to  to get registered.
Nebraska –– It’s your last day to register to vote in-person. Head to  to find all the information you need.
Let’s go win this, folks.
Folks, I just stepped off the debate stage, and I’ve never been more fired up and ready to win this election.Now, I need your help — chip in to keep tonight’s momentum going through Election Day: 
I'm running as a proud Democrat, but I will govern as an American president. I will represent you — whether you vote for me or against me.
Decency, honor, respect, treating people with dignity, making sure that everyone has an even chance.I'm going to make sure you get that. You haven't been getting it the last four years. 
Donald Trump is the most racist president in modern history. 
You know who I am. You know who Donald Trump is. The character of the country is on the ballot. 
There is institutional racism in America.We have to give everyone a fair shot. 
Kids were ripped from their parents’ arms, and now they can't find their parents.Those kids are alone. With nowhere to go.It’s criminal. 
Donald Trump has a dog whistle about as big as a foghorn.
You know who I am. You know who he is.The character of the country is on the ballot. Look at us closely.
Equality and justice — the American creed. We have never lived up to it, but we’ve never stopped trying — until this President.
Call it Bidencare. 
This isn’t about Donald Trump’s family or my family. This is about your family.Families across America are hurting — but that’s the last thing Donald Trump wants to talk about. 
All Donald Trump can see from Park Avenue is Wall Street.He thinks the economy is doing well if the Dow Jones is doing well.Believe it or not, Mr. President, most Americans don't live off the stock market.
He’s a confused guy. He doesn’t know who he’s running against. He’s running against Joe Biden.
We’ve been waiting years for President Trump to reveal his grand plan for health care, and he still has nothing to show.I’ve laid out exactly what I’ll do. Take a look: 
I have released all of my tax returns. 22 years. Go look at them.What is Donald Trump hiding? 
It’s not about his family or my family. It’s about your family.If you’re a middle-class family right now, you’re hurting badly.
Malarkey!
I don’t see our country in terms of blue states and red states. We are the United States. 
Donald Trump should release his tax returns or shut up about corruption.
I am proud that the average contribution to my campaign is $43.Chip in to power our grassroots movement through this final stretch: 
I don’t look at this the way Donald Trump does — blue states or red states. They’re all the United States.
I’m going to shut down the virus, not the country.
Learning to live with it? Come on. People are dying with it, Mr. President.
220,000 deaths.If you hear nothing else I say tonight, hear this: Anyone who is responsible for that many deaths should not remain President of the United States.
Ready. 
I need you in my corner tonight. Can you chip in before I take the debate stage and help power this campaign through the final 12 days? 
Folks, the final debate is here. Tune in at 9 PM ET as I go head-to-head with Donald Trump for the last time before Election Day.
Donald Trump sees the world from Park Avenue.I see it from where I came from: Scranton, Pennsylvania. It's why I'll fight every day as president to make this country work for the middle class — not the wealthy and well-connected.
I’m running as a proud Democrat. But I will be an American president.
I’m always talking about my plans to build back better for all Americans. But what does that really mean for you and your family? Watch as helps explain: 
On this International Stuttering Awareness Day, I want everyone to remember that the barriers you face don't define who you are. They didn't for me –– as a young boy who stuttered –– and they certainly don't for Brayden.What defines you is your heart and your courage. 
Folks, it's go-time. This is the most important election of our lifetimes — and you can make all the difference.Vote. 
Vote like your health care is on the ballot — because it is. 
Thank you to each and every person who has gotten involved in our campaign so far. Whether you chipped in a few dollars or dedicated a few hours of your time — I’m incredibly grateful. Let’s keep our foot on the pedal these final 12 days and finish strong. 
I’ve spent my entire career fighting for the middle class and standing up to the abuse of power.Donald Trump has spent his entire career looking out for himself and abusing his power. 
Indiana — today is the last day to request your absentee-by-mail ballot. You need a valid excuse to vote absentee-by-mail. If you are eligible, head to  and request yours before it’s too late.
Folks, you heard Make a plan, vote early, and make sure your friends and family do as well. 
“If we pour all our efforts into these 13 days, if we vote up and down the ticket like never before, then we will not only elect Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, we will also leave no doubt about what this country that we love stands for.” — 
 Why​ would an incumbent president who has been in office ​for four years​ try to discourage people from voting?It’s bec…
America was an idea. We've never lived up to it but we've never walked away from it before. 
Folks, if you plan to vote by mail and haven’t requested your ballot yet, it’s important that you do so as soon as possible. Deadlines are quickly approaching in states across the country. Head to  to find all the information you need. 
Vote early.Vote by mail.Vote on Election Day.Just make sure you vote. 
President Trump didn't take the necessary precautions to protect himself and others.How can we trust him to protect the country?
I couldn’t be more excited to have my friend hitting the campaign trail. Tune in for his first drive-in rally live from Philadelphia. 
It’s time we replace Secretary Betsy DeVos with an actual public school educator — one who values our public schools and is capable of guiding all of our schools through this pandemic.Vote:  
Tune in as sits down with community leaders in Philadelphia to talk about what’s at stake in this election. 
Hay muchos asuntos que son complicados, pero algunas cosas son visiblemente claras. Las familias deben permanecer unidas. 
There are many issues that are complicated, but some things are just black and white. Families belong together. 
Cada día parece que descubrimos nuevos horrores cometidos por el presidente Trump y su administración. 
Every day it seems we uncover new horrors perpetrated by President Trump and his administration. 
The Build Back Better Express Tour was about more than my love for trains — it was about meeting folks along the way and discussing how we can make their lives better.They are the backbone of America — and I’ll fight for them every day in the White House. 
Justice is on the ballot. 
West Virginia — in-person early voting is now open across the state. Make a plan to vote at 
Missouri — today is the last day to request a mail-in ballot.Head to  and request yours today.
It’s time we see each other as fellow Americans who live in — and love — the United States of America. 
I’ve always believed we’re at our best when we’re one America. If we come together, there’s not a single thing we cannot overcome.
If I’m elected president, I won’t waste a minute getting this virus under control. Here’s how I’ll do it: 
Whether it’s your first time voting or you’re an old pro, voting is better with friends and family. So message a few folks and make your plan to vote together today. 
Listening to scientists is not a bad thing.I can’t believe that has to be said.
America is a nation that values immigrants. It is and has always been one of our greatest strengths.We need a president who understands that. 
 My birthday wish this year? For everyone to go vote: 
A few weeks ago, I spoke to Mr. Rogers’ wife Joanne when I was in her neighborhood in Pittsburgh. It was a great conversation.Friendship, empathy, kindness, and compassion — I think we could all learn a thing or two from her and her husband’s example. 
Tonight, the Avengers are assembling with real-life superhero for a grassroots fundraiser.Time is running out to join them. Chip in to reserve your spot:  
 When breaks out her whiteboard, you know she means business.Watch as she explains how a Biden-Harris administ…
Two weeks from today, we’re going to beat President Trump.
Mr. President, the people are tired. They’re tired of your lies about this virus. They’re tired of watching more Americans die, and more people lose their jobs because you refuse to take this pandemic seriously. 
Waving a white flag and saying, “it is what it is” is unacceptable when thousands are dying each week, when businesses are closing, and when schools remain shuttered. The American people have never backed down from a challenge, but they need a leader to show the way.
Yesterday, decided to attack Dr. Fauci once again, calling him a ‘disaster’ and public health experts ‘idiots.’ Meanwhile, he still has no plan to beat this virus.
Happy Birthday, Next year, let’s celebrate with some ice cream at the White House. 
If you live in Hawaii, Utah, or Wisconsin, in-person early voting is now underway.Millions of Americans across the country have already voted. Join them and cast your ballot today. 
Maryland and New Mexico — if you plan to vote by mail, today is the last day to request your absentee ballot.Head to  before it's too late.
The simple, sad truth is that this president is not in office to serve the American people. He’s in it to serve himself and I are in this for you and your families. 
Pennsylvania — there are just a few hours left to register to vote online. Don’t miss your chance to make your voice heard in this election. Head to  and register before 11:59 PM.
For once, Donald Trump is correct: I will listen to scientists. 
I will be a president who pushes towards the future. Not one who clings to the past.
 — if you had listened to the scientists, it wouldn't be this bad. 
Folks, the Avengers are coming back together for their biggest battle yet. Join them and tomorrow night for a grassroots fundraiser you won’t want to miss:  
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation — and it’s a battle we can and must win.Vote. 
...yes 
Early voting starts today in:AlaskaArkansasColoradoFlorida (in most counties)Idaho (in some counties)North DakotaDon't wait until November 3rd to cast your ballot — vote early today:  
This election is about so much more than policies. The soul of America is on the ballot. and I will work every day to bind up our wounds and bring this country back together. 
It’s long past time we build an economy that rewards work — not wealth. 
Together, we can put an end to the last four years of darkness, division, and chaos.We can unite, mend our wounds, and begin to heal.It starts at the ballot box:  
 We the people have the power:  
15 days. Let’s finish strong.
...yes 
You have the power to own the outcome of this election — but only if you vote.Head to  and make your plan to cast your ballot today.
Wear a mask. Wash your hands. Vote out Donald Trump.
I’ve had a rule my entire life: No matter what’s happening, no matter how important the meeting, I’ll always answer a call from my grandchildren. 
We are in a battle for the soul of the nation. The forces of darkness, the forces of division, the forces of yesterday are pulling us apart, holding us down, and holding us back.We must free ourselves of all of them.
 If you live in any of these states and you plan to vote by mail, your ballot must be requested by sometime this week. Fin…
I believe there is not a single thing we cannot accomplish as a country if we do it together. 
The truth is things in life are easier when you have a plan — and that includes voting. So my team set up a tool to help you make your plan to vote. Check it out: 
From tackling climate change to making community college free for all — I've got big plans for the country.And I'll pay for them by making sure the super-wealthy, like President Trump, pay more than $750 in federal income taxes.
I’ve spent my entire career fighting for a more just, safe, and prosperous America — and I’m not finished yet. 
COVID-19 cases are on the rise across the nation.But instead of leading by example, Donald Trump continues to put others in danger with his campaign events that ignore expert-recommended precautions.Every day he proves just how unfit he is to lead America through this crisis.
I’m in Durham, North Carolina, encouraging folks to make their plan to vote early. Tune in — and then head to  to make yours. 
Folks, if you live in Illinois, today is your last day to register to vote online. Don’t wait, head to  and register before it’s too late.
Chip in to help us make Donald Trump a one-term president: 
Turns out Twitter isn’t so bad when you read tweets that aren’t from President Trump. 
I often think about what it takes for a Black person to love America. That is a deep love for this country that, for far too long, has not been recognized.It’s time we fulfilled our nation’s founding promise: equality for all. Here’s how we’ll do it: 
A job is about a lot more than a paycheck.It's about dignity. It's about respect. It's about being able to look your kid in the eye and say everything will be okay.Too many people today can't do that — and it's got to change.
Every day we're reminded just how much is at stake in this election. We can't afford to have anyone sit on the sidelines.Vote. 
In the middle of a pandemic, President Trump is trying to eliminate Obamacare and increase health care costs for millions.Now, he’s rushing through a U.S. Supreme Court justice to help him get it done. It’s unconscionable. Make no mistake: Health care is on the ballot.
If we do our part, if we stand together, if we keep faith with the past and with each other — then the divisions of our time can give way to the dreams of a brighter, better future. That is our work. That is our pledge. That is our mission.
Promise? 
This election is bigger than any one candidate. It's about the future of our economy, our health care, our climate, our commitment to racial justice, our democracy –– and so much more.We have to vote. 
As president, I’ll protect and build on Obamacare by:- Giving Americans the choice to buy a new public option- Lowering premiums, deductibles, and co-pays- Standing up to prescription drug corporationsWe’re going to make sure every American has access to the care they need.
You deserve a president who will actually tell you the truth. 
 My mother raised me to see what could be, unburdened by what has been. 
Nevada — early voting has officially started. Join the over 20 million people across the country who have already voted early and cast your ballot today. 
Voting is your opportunity to be in the room where it happens.Don't throw away your shot:  
As the Hindu festival of Navratri begins, Jill and I send our best wishes to all those celebrating in the U.S. and around the world. May good once again triumph over evil — and usher in new beginnings and opportunity for all.
We’ve got to come together to defeat Donald Trump –– Democrats, Independents, Republicans, and yes, even Demo-cats. 
Folks, millions of you have already requested absentee ballots. It’s essential to return your ballots as soon as you can. You can return your ballot by mail or, in most states, at locations designated by your clerk. Head to  to learn more. 
Violence against transgender and gender non-conforming people — particularly Black and Brown transgender women — is an epidemic that needs national leadership. But Donald Trump has done nothing but fan the flames of transphobia.It has to end. 
Let’s be clear: The emergency aid should have never been denied in the first place. 
The election is underway across the country, and millions of Americans have already cast their ballots. I’m in Detroit, Michigan, to encourage folks to join them and vote early. Tune in. 
Not only does President Trump refuse to grant Temporary Protected Status to Venezuelans, but he also apparently used stealth deportations to send them back to the oppressive Maduro regime.It’s abundantly clear he has no regard for the suffering of the Venezuelan people. 
You have the power to prevent 2016 from happening again — but only if you vote. 
We need a president who will expand access to health care — not one who does everything he can to tear it away.
 Join our Campaign Manager as she gives grassroots supporters like you an update on the state of the race: 
We can’t let President Trump tear down Obamacare — we have to protect and build on it. Tune in as I speak live from Michigan about my plans to give more Americans access to affordable health care. 
I know times are tough, but I promise our best days still lie ahead. Together, we're going to overcome these crises, unite the country, and build a better future for all.
The cast of Hamilton knows we're engaged in a battle for this nation's very soul — and this election is too important to sit out. So they're coming together for a grassroots fundraiser tonight that you won't want to miss.Chip in to reserve your spot: 
 and –– Jill and I are deeply grateful to have your support.Thank you for stepping up and speaking out. As Jennifer said: The Latino community has the power to determine the outcome of this election. Vote:  
Louisiana –– early voting begins today across the state. Head to  to find all the info you need to cast your ballot.
Nebraska — today is your last day to register to vote online and by mail. Head to  to get registered before it’s too late.
I just stepped off the stage at tonight’s town hall, where I laid out what’s at stake in this election.Now, I need your help. Chip in to power our campaign through this final stretch. 
If I'm elected president, you won't hear me race-baiting, you won't hear me dividing — you'll hear me trying to unify. 
How will I ensure the rights of LGBTQ+ people are protected under U.S. law?I’ll change the law.
We have to heal this nation. 
I'm running as a proud Democrat, but I'm going to be an American president. I'm going to take care of those who voted against me as well as those who voted for me. That's what presidents do.
We're a diverse country — and unless we are able to treat people equally, we're just never going to meet our potential.
Folks, I hope I’m making you proud during tonight’s town hall.If you’re with us, please chip in to help power our campaign over these final 19 days. 
Two of the things I've cared about throughout my whole career:1. Improving the criminal justice system.2. Putting Black Americans in a position to gain generational wealth.And as president, I will continue that fight every day.
The words of a president matter. 
Let me be very clear: If you make under $400,000 you won’t pay a penny more in taxes under my administration.
The words of a president matter. And when a president doesn't wear a mask or makes fun of folks who do, it has consequences.
Over 215,000 Americans have died from COVID-19, and what is President Trump doing?Nothing.
We're eight months into this pandemic, and Donald Trump still doesn't have a plan to get this virus under control.I do.
I’m about to step on stage for tonight’s town hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Tune in to to watch live.
This is not a moment — it's a movement.Rise up and be a part of it with the original cast of Hamilton.Chip in to join: 
Well, folks, and I watched some of President Trump’s remarks from the campaign trail — and it went just as you’d imagine. We wanted to take a moment to clear up some of the lies he’s been saying about us. 
Our campaign’s contact tracing remains ongoing, and my team will continue to share any significant developments with the American people. If anything, let this serve as an example of the importance of wearing masks and keeping a safe, social distance.
Not only was the individual 50+ feet away and wearing a mask, but I was wearing an N-95 mask. No members of my staff were in contact with this crew member either.  My doctors have advised that there is no need for me to quarantine.
During our contact tracing, we discovered around noon today that a member of the company that charters my airplane has also tested positive for COVID. This crew member was on the plane with me, but was more than 50 feet away. My COVID test from last night came back negative.
Donald Trump is rushing through Justice Ginsburg's replacement because he's laser-focused on destroying the Affordable Care Act. Here's what's at stake: 
President Obama and I left Donald Trump a booming economy — and he caused a recession. He squandered it just like he has everything else he’s inherited in his life.
Nevada — today is the last day to register to vote online to automatically receive a ballot in the mail. Head to  for all the information you need to make your voice heard.
Donald Trump can lie about the economy all he wants, but the truth is he’s the worst jobs president since 1929. 
This  — and every day — we must stand up to hate and intolerance. It’s up to all of us to ensure every young person is affirmed and accepted just as they are — regardless of sexual orientation, gender identity or expression.
Arizona — ¡la fecha límite para registrarte para votar en Arizona ha sido extendida! Visita  para registrarte en linea antes de las 11:59PM el jueves 15 de octubre.
Arizona — your voter registration deadline has been extended! Head to  to get registered online before 11:59 PM on Thursday, October 15.
 I will be transparent with you about any test results that I do receive. In the meantime, remember: wear a mask, practice…
 Both the crew member and the staff member were wearing N95 masks at all points they were near me, and our doctors believe…
 Late last night, I learned a non-staff flight crew member ; a member of my team tested positive for COVID. I wasn’t in cl…
North Carolina –– early voting begins today across the state. Head to  for all the info you need to make your voice heard.
The fact that Senate Republicans haven’t bothered to pass a COVID relief package but are rushing through President Trump’s Supreme Court pick says all you need to know.We’ve got to flip the Senate, folks.
I heard it's  
Nature knows. 
Folks, we can’t let up. We’re just a few hours away from our last public fundraising deadline before Election Day, and we need your help to hit our goal.It all comes down to this. Chip in to beat Donald Trump: 
To every person who chipped in a few dollars last month — thank you. Because of your support, we raised an astounding $383 million. I'm incredibly humbled.There's still more work to be done, but I wanted to share the good news with Trimicka, one of our grassroots supporters. 
Vote for America. 
If President Trump has his way in the U.S. Supreme Court, long-term complications from COVID-19, like lung scarring and heart damage, will become pre-existing conditions that could result in higher premiums or denied coverage.It’s unconscionable.
There's only one way to end this horror: Vote. 
Rhode Island and Tennessee — early voting has officially started. Join millions of people across the country and vote early today. 
Don't throw away your shot to spend Friday night with the original cast of Hamilton. Chip in today to reserve your spot:  
Today would have been George Floyd’s 47th birthday, and he should be alive to celebrate it.I made a promise to his family that I won’t let him become just another hashtag — and I’ll work every day as president to keep that promise.
Tonight, our campaign will close our books and send in the names of our grassroots supporters for the final time. Chip in to make sure you’re on the list: 
Virginia — your voter registration deadline has been extended! Head to  to get registered online before 11:59 PM on Thursday, October 15.
Donald Trump wants to destroy Obamacare.I want to protect and build on it.It’s that simple, folks.
If President Trump is successful in forcing through his nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court, it will likely repeal the ACA and 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions will lose their protections. Vote like your health care depends on it. Because it does. 
Kansas –– you can advance vote in many counties starting today. Head to  to find all the info you need to cast your ballot in this election.
Wisconsin — today is your last day to register to vote online or by mail. Apply online by 11:59 PM or make sure your mail application is postmarked by today. Don’t let history repeat itself.Head to  to register now. 
20 days.
Thank you, Florida! 
I’ll be a president for all Americans. Not just the ones who vote for me.
Folks, it’s hard to believe, but tomorrow night marks our final public fundraising deadline of the campaign.Can you chip in to help us post our strongest numbers yet? 
Here's something that will be very different if I'm president: I'll actually listen to Dr. Fauci's advice and expertise, not attack him for telling the truth. 
We all know President Trump has a tendency to stray from the truth, so let's set the record straight. 
The election is already underway.Millions of Americans are voting. And they deserve to have their voices heard when it comes to who serves on the U.S. Supreme Court.
With just three weeks until Election Day, I’m in Miramar, Florida, to encourage folks to make their plan to vote. Tune in — and then head to  to make your plan today. 
215,000 Americans have died from COVID-19 on Donald Trump’s watch. It’s the greatest failure of presidential leadership in our nation’s history.
I’m in Pembroke Pines, Florida, to discuss my plans to protect and strengthen Social Security and ensure every American can retire with dignity. Tune in. 
Folks, we have arrived at the final frontier of this election — and your support is more important than ever. Chip in to join us for a grassroots fundraiser as we boldly go into these last three weeks:  
Kentucky — in-person early voting begins today across the state. Head to  and make your plan to vote.
If you live in:KansasLouisianaMarylandMinnesotaNew JerseyOregonVirginiaWashington D.C.West VirginiaToday is your last day to register to vote. Head to  to register before it's too late. 
Texas — early voting begins today across the state.Your voice can change the course of history — use it.Head to  and make a plan to vote early today. 
 Happy Birthday,
Donald Trump has been trying to throw out Obamacare for years.And now he sees an opportunity to finally get it done, all while ignoring the will of the people.We can’t let him.
 There’s a lot at stake in this election, and it’s critical you vote.Hear from voting enthusiast President
Three weeks from today, we’re going to make Donald Trump a one-term president.
I am ready to fight for you and for our nation. Every day. Without exception, without reservation. And with a full and devoted heart.
We need a president who will unite our country and bring out our best — not one who stokes division and brings out our worst.
Folks, we're just a few days away from our final public fundraising deadline, and we need your help to hit our goal.Every donation — big or small — makes a big difference during these final weeks.If you're able, please chip in: 
On National Farmers Day, we honor the hardworking men and women who drive our economy, fuel our rural communities, and nourish our nation. A Biden-Harris administration will work every day to restore the dignity our farmers deserve and help them build back better than before.
Today marks 22 years since Matthew Shepard passed away after a brutal anti-gay hate crime. Over two decades later, violence against LGBTQ+ Americans is at an all-time high. As president, I'll strengthen our hate crimes laws and make clear that bigotry has no place in America.
There's no question: we are neck and neck in Ohio — and with early voting underway and only 22 days until Election Day, there's no time to waste. Join us live from Cincinnati as we get out the vote: 
Donald Trump is running TV ads taking Dr. Fauci out of context and without his permission.So, here’s a message from the President in his own words. 
 GEORGIA VOTERS: Today, 10/12, is the first day to vote early in person! Go to  to find a location…
The longer Donald Trump is president, the more reckless he gets.
I know Americans aren’t looking for a handout. They just want a fair chance to get ahead — and I’ll work every day to make sure folks get that chance.
I'm in Toledo, Ohio, to discuss my plans to build the economy back better for working families. Tune in. 
 Listen up. It's time to vote! Go to  to find out how you can drop your ballot in the dropbox like it'…
Georgia — you don’t have to wait until November 3rd to cast your ballot. Early voting begins today.Head to  to find all the info you need.
 How it started:            How it's going: 
On this Indigenous People’s Day, we must both recognize the past that has brought us here, and commit to one another to write a new future of promise, partnership, and equal opportunity for the proud Tribal Nations of our country. 
Health care is deeply personal to me. And I guarantee you that if I'm elected president, I will protect your family's health care as if it were my own. 
From Seneca Falls to Selma to Stonewall, we’re at our best when the promise of America is available to all.
Brayden — you have heart, courage, and maturity beyond your years. You have unlimited potential — and I can't wait to see what your future holds. 
This election, you have the power to choose:Hope over fear.Truth over lies.Unity over division.Vote. 
I helped pull this country out of a recession before — and, as president, I’ll do it again.
In January, I said President Trump was the worst possible leader to deal with a public health crisis. And everything we’ve been through in the months since has proven that to be true. 
When President Trump was told one thousand Americans were dying every day from COVID-19, he shrugged it off and said, "it is what it is."It is what it is?This president doesn't even pretend to care about the Americans he swore to serve. It's disgraceful.
Today we join Polish-Americans in celebrating General Pulaski, whose heroism built the American cavalry and saved the life of George Washington. America will always stand with the Polish people against the common threats we face.
Today, let's all celebrate the one billion girls and young women around the world — and recommit to fight for their education, work, health, rights, and opportunities. A Biden-Harris administration will work to elevate their voices and ensure an equal future. 
I want every member of the LGBTQ+ community to know you are loved and accepted just as you are — whether you've come out or not. I'll fight every day in the White House to create a country where you can live open, proud, and free — without fear. 
There is no excuse for President Trump’s reckless behavior. 
One in five small businesses have closed.More than 25 million Americans are on unemployment.Millions are at risk of losing their homes.But President Trump doesn’t seem to care. He only cares about how he and his wealthy friends are doing.
America has to be about the possibilities of prosperity. Not just for the privileged few. But for the many — for all of us.
The fact is this pandemic has exposed the cracks in our already broken mental health care system.We can and must do better.As president, I’ll fight to achieve mental health parity, expand access to care, and wipe out the stigma. 
I’m in Erie, Pennsylvania, to discuss my plans to build back better. Tune in. 
We're eight months into this crisis, and this president still has no plan to rebuild our economy.I do. I'll get America back to work — and build back better.Here's how: 
Let’s go vote, America. 
We need a president who understands hardworking Americans — not one who looks down on them.
What does building back better mean for you?- Millions of new, good-paying jobs- A $15 federal minimum wage- Stronger benefits and fair workplaces- An economy that works for everyone—not just the wealthy- The choice to join a unionThat's the future we can build together.
 It’s going great. If everyone joins me in giving at  every time they say “lock her up” or “cro…
If you're sick, struggling, or worried about how you're going to get through the day — know you are not alone.We're all in this together. And together, we'll emerge stronger than before. 
To all my fellow Delawareans — today is your last day to register to vote. Head to  to get registered today.
 As a proud graduate of Howard University, I’m always excited to hear from HBCU students. We are family—no matter which sc…
Over 213,000 Americans have died from this virus — and the hard truth is it didn’t have to happen this way. 
You and I can change the course of history.Vote:  
40,000 people a day are coming down with the coronavirus. What is the matter with this guy? 
John — and farmers across the country — can’t afford four more years of a climate change denier in the White House. 
Tune in as I deliver remarks from our drive-in event in Las Vegas. 
It’s estimated that nearly another 200,000 Americans could lose their lives by the end of the year because of this virus.Enough. No more.Let’s set the partisanship aside. Let’s end the politics. Let’s follow the science.
Why did Donald Trump tell Bob Woodward the truth about COVID-19, but not the American people?
 Are you an extrovert?Are you an introvert?Are you an introverted extrovert?Are you an extroverted introvert?Are you an  __…
 2️⃣5️⃣ days. There’s no time to waste. Make your voting plan.  
Folks, if you live in:IdahoNew YorkNorth CarolinaOklahomaToday is your last day to register to vote. Head to  and get registered before it’s too late. 
 You are not alone.We are stronger than we ever knew. We are resilient. 
Congratulations to the UN World Food Program. With global hunger on the march, made worse by the pandemic and conflict around the world, we must come together to fight food insecurity. As president, I'll support the WFP and reassert American leadership to address global hunger. 
25 days. Let’s win this thing.
 Good morning. 25 days to go. Let’s get this done, together→  
What we need in America is leadership that seeks to de-escalate tensions, to open lines of communication, and to bring us together. To heal — and to hope.As president, that is precisely what I will do.
When Governor Whitmer worked to protect her state from a deadly pandemic, President Trump issued a call to "LIBERATE MICHIGAN!"That call was heard.He's giving oxygen to the bigotry and hate we see on the march in our country — and we have to stop it.
Jill and I are keeping the Gulf Coast in our prayers tonight. If you’re in Hurricane Delta’s path, please heed the advice of local officials, take steps to prepare, and stay safe. 
Time and time again, President Trump has refused to condemn white supremacy and stoked the flames of hate for political gain.It’s a pattern — and America deserves better. 
 and know exactly what it means to finish strong down the stretch. We’re in the closing days of this campaign, and it’s time to finish this fight and cast our ballots. Don’t miss your shot: Register to vote today at  
After last night, I just had to write a note about my friend and running mate, 
 is right: If you have a pre-existing condition, the Trump Administration is coming for you.Vote like your health care depends on it — because it does. 
Last night, chose truth over lies.She chose hope and unity over fear and division.She showed America what true leadership looks like — and I couldn't be prouder.
  great to be with you back home last week in NC!! missed you but you know what had to stop by your gym!…
 Great to welcome  and  to AZ! First week of voting has started. Please VOTE! 
Tune in as and I kick off our Soul of the Nation bus tour from Phoenix, Arizona. 
Every generation that has followed Gettysburg has been faced with a moment when it must answer this question: Will we allow the sacrifices made in that battle, and that war, to be in vain? We cannot, and we must not. It's time to come together. 
Folks, there was only one person on last night’s debate stage who’s fit to serve as Vice President — and her name is
I promise you that as president, I will always appeal to the best in us — not the worst. 
I’m running as a proud Democrat. But I will govern as an American president. 
We must seek not to build walls, but bridges.We must seek not to clench our fists, but to open our arms.We must seek not to tear each other apart, but to come together.
Last night showed America exactly why she’ll make an incredible Vice President. 
 Swats away flies and lies. Get yours today:  
 you made us all proud tonight.

 This is a pattern. He refused to condemn white supremacists—and then he doubled down. 
Pitch in $5 to help this campaign fly.  
Donald Trump has made hate, division, and dog whistles central to his campaign from the very beginning – and last week he couldn't even condemn white supremacists. It’s a pattern.
 Just last ​week,​ Donald Trump stood on a​ debate stage ​and refused to condemn white supremacists.This isn’t the first…
 Donald Trump has betrayed our friends and embraced dictators around the world. 
 The American people want us to fill a seat right now—but it’s not on the Supreme Court; it’s the one in the Oval Office.
 Donald Trump called John McCain a “loser.”He let Putin get away with placing bounties on the heads of our troops.He c…
 Donald Trump prefers to take the word of Vladimir Putin over that of the American intelligence community.
 Joe Biden is responsible for saving America's auto industry. And Mike Pence voted against it. So let's set the record str…
 If you have a pre-existing condition, the Trump administration is coming for you. 
Let me be clear: A Biden-Harris Administration won't increase taxes by a dime on anyone making less than $400,000 a year.
  and I believe the economy is doing well when our workers and our families are doing well. That’s why our tax p…
 The day asked me to serve with him was one of the most memorable days of my life. My mother—who came to the Uni…
 Donald Trump paid $750 in taxes. When I first heard about it, I literally said, “You mean $750,000?”
 is showing the American people why I chose her as my running mate. She’s smart, she’s experienced, she’s a proven fighter for the middle class. She’ll be an incredible Vice President.
 Over 210,000 Americans have died. Over 7 million have contracted this disease. Nearly 30 million have filed for unemploym…
 Trump didn’t share information about the virus because he wanted you to stay calm. I want to ask you: how calm were you…
We’re eight months into this pandemic and Donald Trump and Mike Pence still have no plan to deal with COVID-19. He’s still hoping it will just “disappear. and I have a comprehensive, science-backed plan to defeat this virus.Take a look: 
 How Donald Trump and Mike Pence handled the coronavirus crisis is the greatest failure of any American presidency.
 is about to take the debate stage –– but before she does, I need your help.Will you chip in to make sure Kamala knows you’ve got her back as she takes on Vice President Pence? 
Before steps on stage, tune in for a pre-debate event with and more. 
Go get 'em, 
We can end this era of division.We can end the hate and the fear.We can be what we are at our best: one America. 
Taylor — Thanks for your support and for speaking out at this crucial moment in our nation’s history.Election Day is right around the corner — are you ready for it?  
 Voting has started in Iowa! Go to  to make your plan to vote. Together, we can flip this 
Folks, I know a thing or two about vice presidential debates.In 2008, I squared off against Governor Palin. And in 2012, I called out Congressman Ryan's malarkey.I know will do a great job. Join me and tune in at 9 PM ET to cheer her on.
 Tonight’s the night. Who’s ready? We know is. 
These families fled persecution and violence to seek safety in the land of the free.But instead of providing refuge, the Trump Administration ripped their children away from them.The cruelty was the point — and it's reprehensible. 
Arizona — in-person early voting starts today. Head to  to find all the info you need to cast your ballot.
Missouri — today is your last day to register to vote online, in person, or by mail.Don’t miss your opportunity to help determine the future of this country. Head to  and get registered today.
 Today is the first day of early voting, Arizona. Find out when and where you can vote at  
Together, we can set our nation on a new path. One where we finally live up to our highest ideals and everyone gets a fair shot to get ahead.Let's do this:  
  has a plan to build our country back better and create millions of jobs—jobs that can help working families get…
As president, I will:- Implement nationwide mask mandates- Ensure access to regular, reliable, and free testing- Accelerate the development of treatments and vaccinesI won’t waste any time getting this virus under control.
 Masks save lives. 
 Here are some things to think about as you make your voting plan. Plan ahead and get ready to vote. 
Please. 
I can’t wait for to make history at tomorrow night’s debate. Before she takes the stage, don’t miss this event with and more.RSVP today: 
Ignore the polls, folks. There’s too much at stake for us to get complacent.Vote: Donate: Volunteer: Let’s finish these final four weeks strong. 
Think about what it takes for a Black person to love America. That is a deep love for this country that, for far too long, we have never recognized. 
Look, folks, I'm going to be honest: we'll try pretty much anything to get you to vote this election. My team spun up this quiz to match your personality to an easy voting option. Check it out — but more importantly, vote! 
Four weeks from today, voters will head to the polls to determine the outcome of the most important election of our lifetime.We don’t have a minute to waste — and we need your help to win. Chip in: 
Climate change is already here, and ignoring science won't make it go away. If we give the Trump Administration another four years, we'll lose irreplaceable time to combat it. 
Make no mistake: if you are out of work, if your business is closed, if your child’s school is shut down, if you are seeing layoffs in your community, Donald Trump decided today that none of that matters to him.
  military families, veterans, caregivers, and survivors. 
The President turned his back on you. 
I give you my word: If I am elected president, I will marshal the ingenuity and goodwill of this nation to turn division into unity and bring us together.
As president, I will embrace:Hope, not fear.Peace, not violence.Generosity, not greed.Light, not darkness. I will be a president who appeals to the best in us. Not the worst.
We fought a Civil War that would secure a Union that would seek to fulfill the promise of equality for all.And by fits and starts, our better angels have prevailed just enough against our worst impulses to make a new and better nation.Those better angels must prevail again.
The pandemic is not a red state versus blue state issue. The virus doesn’t care where you live or what political party you belong to.It infects us all. It will take anyone’s life. It is a virus — not a political weapon.
I do not believe we have to choose between law and order and racial justice in America.
As president, I will send a clear, unequivocal message to the entire nation: There is no place for hate in America.It will be given no license. It will be given no oxygen. It will be given no safe harbor.
We are engaged once again in a battle for the soul of the nation. It’s a battle we’ve been in before and we can win again. Tune in as I deliver remarks from Gettysburg. 
 New Mexico! 🌵Today is the last day to register to vote! You can also register before you early vote in person.Make sure…
 Hey, Nevada!This is your last day to register to VOTE via mail. Let your voice be heard. You can also register to vote o…
 Hey, Illinois! 👋🏿👋🏻👋🏼👋🏽👋🏾Today is the last day for you to register to vote via mail! You can also register online until Oc…
Unity over division.
Florida — la decisión de hoy de extender la fecha para inscribirse para votar es una victoria para nuestra democracia. Si no te has registrado, visita  antes de las 7 PM ET e inscríbete.Esta elección es demasiado importante para no participar.
Florida — today's decision to extend the voter registration deadline is a win for our democracy. If you haven't registered to vote yet, head to  before 7 PM ET tonight to do so.This election is too important to sit out.
  people like my mother, Shyamala, who taught my sister and me that if you see a problem, you don't complain a…
Folks, we can save nearly 100,000 lives by the end of the year if everyone wears a mask in public.Do your part. Protect your neighbors. Wear a mask.
 Shamar — and every kid in this country — because they deserve the chance to go as far as their God-given potential will take them.What are you voting for? I want to hear from you and 
There’s no better person to convey what’s at stake in this election than my friend, Tune in to hear her closing argument. 
I couldn’t let  go by without celebrating the best teacher I know. Jilly, the way you’ve worked tirelessly and passionately for your students year after year continues to inspire me. 
Wear a mask. 
Folks, I just wrapped up my NBC Town Hall where I laid out my plans to build this country back better than before. If you liked what you heard, please chip in to keep tonight's momentum going: 
The future is yours. I'm counting on you. 
I've taken on the Castros and Putins of the world. I let them know: it stops here. It stops with me. It stops with me as president. 
Roe v. Wade must remain the law of the land. 
Don't tell me things can't change. 
As president, I'll do what I've always done in the past: bring people together.Peaceful protesters, police officers, unions, and civil rights groups — we'll all sit down at the White House. 
When I decided to run, I had three objectives:1. Restore the soul of this country.2. Rebuild the middle class.3. Reunite the country.It's the only way we can move forward. 
More than 200,000 Americans have died. 50,000 Americans are getting the virus every day. 1,000 a day are dying. This is a national emergency.The President should take responsibility. 
Listen to the scientists.
I would hope that the President having gone through what he went through will communicate the right lesson to the American people: Masks matter. They save lives. 
I view wearing a mask as a patriotic duty — to protect those around you. 
Masks matter. They save lives.
I’m about to take the stage for tonight’s Town Hall in Miami, Florida. Tune in to now to watch live. 
Folks, starting today, I'm trying something new.I'll be writing notes to you about my plans to build our country back better. And I'll be sharing personal stories and behind-the-scenes moments from the campaign trail, too.I hope you'll follow along. 
These good boys are ready to build bark better. 
Now that President Trump is busy tweeting campaign messages, I would ask him to do this: Listen to the scientists. Support masks. Support mask mandates nationwide.
Voting early in person starts today statewide in California, Iowa, Maine, Montana, Nebraska, and South Carolina.This is our moment — and there is too much at stake to sit this election out.Head to  to find all the info you need to make your voice heard.
Folks, if you live in:ArizonaArkansasFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIndianaKentuckyMississippiOhioSouth CarolinaTennesseeTexasToday is your last day to register to vote. Head to  to get registered before it's too late. 
I’m in Florida to discuss my plans to build back our economy better for the Hispanic community and working families. Tune in. 
 We are 29 days away from Election Day, ; it’s the last day to register to vote in these states!✅Arkansas✅Arizona✅Florida✅…
 
 You don’t have to wait until November 3 to cast your ballot. Be an  Make an early voting plan. 
 Today is the deadline to register to vote in several states, including Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Ohio, and T…
Imagine a future where:- Health care is a right- We end the gun violence epidemic- We combat climate change- Our government works for everyoneIt’s a future that we can build — together.
The economy.Climate change.Health care.Civil rights.Racial justice.The U.S. Supreme Court.Our democracy.They’re all on the line. Vote. 
It’s time we build an economy where everyone gets a fair return for their work and an equal chance to get ahead. An economy more vibrant and powerful because everyone is in on the deal. 
Today marks 30 days until Election Day. 30 days until we begin to restore the soul of the nation.Chip in to power our campaign through this final stretch: 
Before we're Democrats or Republicans or independents — we're Americans.We can't forget that.
There are only 30 days until Election Day — but in many states, you don’t have to wait until November 3rd to make your voice heard. Head to  and make a plan to vote early today.
30 days.
Receiving the Medal of Freedom from my friend was a great, great honor. I'm proud to have dedicated my life to serving this country — but I'm not done yet. 
At this moment, we’re facing unprecedented crises. But I know the American people have what it takes to overcome them.There’s not a single thing beyond our capacity.
Folks, with just one month left until Election Day, voting is underway and there’s no time to wait to make your voice heard. Head to  to find everything you need to make your voting plan.
There’s just one month left before the most important election of our lifetime — one that will shape the future of our nation for decades to come.Don’t wake up on November 4th wishing you had done more. Get involved today: 
One month until we can call our First Lady-Elect. 
It's time we come together.It's time we see each other as fellow Americans, who don't just live in red states and blue states, but who live in — and love — the United States of America.That's who we are — and there is nothing we cannot do if we do it together.
One month until Election Day. Let’s do this, America.
Be a patriot. Do your part.Wearing a mask will protect you. But it will also protect those around you — your mom, your dad, your son, your daughter, your neighbor, your co-worker.Don’t just do it for yourself. Do it for the people you love.
We have to come together. 
Thank you, Grand Rapids, for a great afternoon. From the virus to the economy, we face immense challenges as a nation. But if we come together and act as one America, we can and will overcome them. 
I’m running as a Democrat, but I will be an American president. Whether you voted for me or against me, I will represent you.
We can, we will, and we must come together.
This cannot be a partisan moment.It must be an American moment.We have to come together as a nation.
I’m delivering remarks from Grand Rapids, Michigan. Tune in. 
Tonight, and are hosting a grassroots fundraiser to discuss what's at stake this November and the importance of making your voice heard at the ballot box.Chip in to reserve your spot:  
I’m happy to report that Jill and I have tested negative for COVID. Thank you to everyone for your messages of concern. I hope this serves as a reminder: wear a mask, keep social distance, and wash your hands.
Jill and I send our thoughts to President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump for a swift recovery. We will continue to pray for the health and safety of the president and his family.
Donald Trump will do everything he can to distract from the fact that because of his failed COVID-19 response:- Over 200,000 Americans have died- 26 million are on unemployment- 1 in 6 small businesses risk permanent closureWe can’t let him.
When I first ran for Senate, we put up a billboard that said, “Joe Biden: For all our families.”It’s a motto that has guided me throughout my career.It doesn’t matter if you’re a Democrat or Republican—I’ll be a president for all Americans, not just the ones who vote for me.
On Native Women's Equal Pay Day, we recognize the hard truth that Native women earn just $0.57 for every dollar a white man makes. It's unacceptable.A Biden-Harris Administration will stand with women in Indian Country and pass legislation to close the gender wage gap. 
During Filipino American History Month, we celebrate the community's immense contributions to our country — from early immigrants to the millions today, many who serve in the military or as frontline workers. As President, I'll work alongside them to protect the American people.
Three years ago today, Las Vegas was struck by tragedy when a gunman opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival. It remains the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.As we remember those we lost, we must take action to ensure it never happens again.
Jill and I wish a happy Mid-Autumn Festival to all those celebrating. We join you in hoping for a future filled with peace and prosperity — and hope your festivities lead to a bountiful harvest in the year ahead.
 When news broke about Donald Trump’s taxes (or lack thereof)—a few of you asked me to break it down with my friend
Jill and I want to wish a very happy birthday to President Carter –– a patriot, a humanitarian, and a friend. Thank you for your tireless dedication to our country and to the world. 
On behalf of Jill and our entire family, I want to wish the Korean-American community a happy Chuseok. May your celebrations be filled with laughter, joy, and plenty of good food. 행복한 한가위 보내세요!
I paid my taxes.These folks paid their taxes.So why didn’t President Trump pay his? 
You determine the outcome of this election — not Donald Trump.Vote: 
It's safe to say I've gotten to know the hardworking men and women of over the years — I'm proud to stand with them as they face furloughs due to funding cuts.These essential workers have kept us moving during this pandemic –– now it's time we have their backs. 
Last night, I went toe-to-toe with Donald Trump and laid out my vision for a stronger, more inclusive America. Check out a few of the top moments from the first debate: 
Folks, it all comes down to this. We’re just a few hours away from our final end-of-quarter deadline before Election Day — and we need your help to hit our goal.It’s now or never. Chip in to help us beat Donald Trump: 
We're in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, for the final stop of the Build Back Better Express Tour. Tune in now to watch. 
Last night reinforced why I got into this race: We are in a battle for the soul of this nation — and it’s a battle we must win.
Chip in to help us take this train all the way to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave:  
And do me a favor, make sure to select the train icon when you do. 
I'm giving everything I've got in these final 34 days to make sure we beat Donald Trump, but I can't do it without your help.Join our grassroots fundraising team to help us win this November. 
White supremacy has no place in America.We shouldn’t have to beg the President of the United States to say that.
We're in Greensburg, Pennsylvania, for stop four of the Build Back Better Express Tour. Tune in now to watch. 
Ignore the polls, ignore his tweets, ignore his obnoxious debate performance.We have to stay focused. We have to win.Chip in to help us do it: 
Hello, Greensburg! 
Listening to folks and discussing how we can make their lives better. It’s what our Build Back Better Express Tour is all about — and it’s what I’ll do every day as your president. 
We're in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, for stop three of the Build Back Better Express Tour. Tune in now to watch. 
Donald Trump showed the country last night just how unfit he is to be president. If you weren't able to bear watching it, we condensed it down to one minute for you: 
I took the Amtrak from Wilmington to Washington, D.C., every day for 36 years. The journey became routine, but the hardworking men and women I met along the way became dear friends. 
Enough with the racist dog whistles, Donald. You wouldn’t know a suburb unless you took a wrong turn. 
 Join and as they travel by 🚂 through OH and PA. Along the way, listen to soothing tunes and watch the sceni…
We're in Alliance, Ohio, for stop two of the Build Back Better Express Tour. Tune in now to watch. 
All aboard! Tune in as and I kick off our train tour through Ohio and Pennsylvania. 
Had enough? 
There’s no other way to put it: the President of the United States refused to disavow white supremacists on the debate stage last night. 
Folks, we don't have to put up with four more years of that. 
This. This is Donald Trump's America. 
After tonight, the choice in this election has never been clearer — and with 35 days to go, the stakes have never been higher. Tomorrow marks our final end-of-quarter deadline, and we need your help to hit our goal.Chip in to help beat Donald Trump: 
You heard a lot come out of President Trump’s mouth. Can you name one thing he said to actually make your life better?
You have it in your control to determine what this country’s gonna look like the next four years. Is it going to change –– or are you going to get four more years of these lies? 
We need a president who will bring us together — not tear us further apart. 
You determine the outcome of this election. Vote. Vote. Vote. 
Under this president, we have become weaker, sicker, poorer, more divided, and more violent. When I was vice president, we inherited a recession, I was asked to fix it, and I did.We left Donald Trump a booming economy, and he caused a recession. 
Go to: 
Under this president, we’ve become weaker, sicker, poorer, more divided, and more violent.
Beau Biden was not a loser. 
Donald Trump isn't a law and order president. He's a president who breaks the law and creates disorder.
Donald Trump talks a lot about the art of the deal. But under his watch, China has perfected the art of the steal. 
  wants to cut health care for millions during a global pandemic. Seems accurate. 
 “Will you shut up, man.”  
More jobs were created in the final three years of the Obama-Biden Administration than in the first three years of Donald Trump’s presidency. A million and a half more jobs. 
On average, roughly 750 to 1,000 Americans are dying from COVID every day.When Donald Trump was presented with that number, he said, “It is what it is.”It is what it is because Donald Trump is who he is. 
Show us your tax returns,
Donald Trump is the worst president we've ever had.
When I hear 200,000 deaths, I think of the empty chairs at dining room tables all across the country, which just months ago were filled by loved ones.It didn’t have to be this bad.
It is what it is because Donald Trump is who he is.
The American people deserve to have a say in who the Supreme Court nominee is. 
President Trump keeps promising to protect Americans with pre-existing conditions, but the truth is he’s in Court trying to rip their protections away.And now, he’s trying to jam through the confirmation of a Justice who will help him get it done.We can’t let him win.
I’m about to step on stage to debate Donald Trump for the first time. But before I do, can you chip in to show him the power of our grassroots base? Every donation — big or small — goes a long way. 
This election is Scranton vs. Park Avenue — and with your help, Scranton will win. 
It’s debate night, so I’ve got my earpiece and performance enhancers ready. 
Folks, the big night is finally here. Tune in at 9 PM ET for the first presidential debate. 
If we’re elected, and I will wake up every single morning to fight for the middle class. For Main Street. For the folks who keep our country running.We’re going to make our government work for everyone — not just the wealthy and well-connected.
You deserve a president who tells you the truth. 
It’s grassroots donors like you who power our campaign. And I’m counting on you to help us meet our end-of-quarter fundraising goal.If you’re able, please chip in before tomorrow night’s big deadline: 
The American people deserve transparency from their leaders, it's why as of today, I've released 22 years of my tax returns. 
 Truth — and we can’t stress this enough, folks — over lies 
With casualties rapidly mounting in and around Nagorno-Karabakh, the Trump Administration needs to call the leaders of Armenia and Azerbaijan immediately to de-escalate the situation. It must also demand others — like Turkey — stay out of this conflict. 
The American people understand the urgency of this moment. They're voting in droves because their health care hangs in the balance.But Donald Trump doesn't care — he sees a chance to eliminate Obamacare and rip away health care protections from millions.It's unconscionable.
I believe there's no greater economic engine in the world than the hard work and ingenuity of the American people — and I witnessed it firsthand last week in Manitowoc, Wisconsin.Together, we're going to make sure the future is made here in America. 
Folks, this is a big week for our campaign: Tomorrow, I face Donald Trump on the debate stage for the first time — and Wednesday is our final end-of-quarter fundraising deadline.We can't afford to fall short here. Chip in today: 
 is right: Your vote is your voice — and it’s up to all of us to make our voices heard this November.Make your plan to vote today:  
I'm not looking to punish anyone, but it's about time the super-wealthy and corporate America start paying their fair share.
Whether it's $7.50, $75, or $750 — every donation makes a big difference during this final stretch.Chip in to help us get Donald Trump out of the White House: 
President Trump can claim he wants to protect people with pre-existing conditions all he wants — but the fact is he’s fighting tooth and nail to take their protections away.
 American people deserve to have their voices heard when it comes to the next justice who serves on the Supreme Court. Tun…
How much more did you pay in taxes than President Trump?Head to  to find out. 
Here's the deal: Until we deal with COVID-19, we'll never get our economy fully back on track, get our kids safely back to school, or get our lives back.It's why as president, I won't waste a day getting this virus under control. 
There's no mystery when it comes to what's happening with the Supreme Court. President Trump and Republicans have been trying to throw out Obamacare for years — and now they see an opening to get it done.We can't let them get away with it.
 Teachers paid $7,239Firefighters paid $5,283Nurses paid $10,216Donald Trump paid $750 
On this Gold Star Mother's and Family's Day, Jill and I are keeping the loved ones of our fallen heroes in our prayers. May we never fail to honor them and carry their spirit with us every day.
Jill, Kamala, Doug, and our families all extend our warmest wishes to all who observe Yom Kippur. May you have an easy and meaningful fast. And may you be sealed in the Book of Life. 
The truth is the economy wasn’t working for folks long before these crises hit. It’s why and I won’t just build back to the way things were — we’ll build back better. We won’t be satisfied until the economy starts working for everyone.
 It takes less than 30 seconds. Register to vote at  
 From the beginning, Trump knew how deadly coronavirus was—but he lied to the American people about the threat it posed. A…
The decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court affect our everyday lives — and the American people deserve to have their voices heard when it comes to who serves on the Court. Tune in as I deliver remarks on President Trump’s nomination. 
These folks know that we can’t saddle this country with four more years of Donald Trump. 
Thank you for your support at this critical moment for our nation.You said it best: This election is about earning the respect of the American people. It’s about decency. It’s about electing leaders who tell the truth.Thanks again, DJ. Next time we’re talking cars. 
In the middle of a pandemic, Donald Trump is trying to force through the confirmation of a Justice who will help him destroy Obamacare.Health care is at stake. Protections for pre-existing conditions are at stake.We can't let them win. 
The Senate shouldn't vote until the American people do.
Supreme Court decisions affect our everyday lives, and the Constitution was designed to give voters a voice on who makes those decisions.The Senate shouldn't act until after the American people select their next president and the next Congress.Americans deserve to be heard.
Today, President Trump nominated Judge Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court — a jurist with a written track record of disagreeing with the Court’s decision to uphold the Affordable Care Act.Vote like your health care is on the ballot — because it is. 
When Ebola hit, President Obama and I took swift action and successfully contained the virus.After COVID-19 hit, President Trump lied to the American people and said it would miraculously "disappear."Now, over 200,000 lives have been cut short.It's a national tragedy.
 NEW AD: Meet Samantha ; her daughter Josephine, one of the millions of families threatened by Trump’s failed coronavirus re…
At this moment, we're facing both the worst public health crisis of our lifetime and the existential threat of climate change.We need a president who believes in science.
Today is Public Lands Day and National Hunting and Fishing Day — and what better way to celebrate than the long overdue removal of William Perry Pendley from It's a victory for everyone who values our public lands over those who want to exploit them for profit. 
If I'm elected, I won't wait to take action on COVID-19.Minutes after the race is called, I’ll call Dr. Fauci and ask him to stay on.During my transition, I’ll bring together experts and leaders from both parties to chart a path forward.We will overcome this, together.
Thanks for a great trip, Minnesota! Don’t forget that early voting is now open across the state. Head to  to make your plan to vote today. 
Today, Justice Ginsburg made history one last time — and I was grateful to be there to pay my respects. May her memory be a blessing — and may we continue to be voices for justice in her name. 
The unrelenting impact of climate change affects every single one of us.It requires action, not denial. It requires leadership, not scapegoating.It requires a president to meet the threshold duty of the office — to care, for everyone.
We are in the middle of a climate emergency — and every day that Donald Trump remains in the White House further threatens the future of our planet.We have to vote him out. 
Obamacare was—and is—a big deal. As president, I’ll protect and build on it, lower health care costs, and give Americans the opportunity to choose a new public option.We’re going to make sure everyone has access to the affordable health care they need. 
Health care is a right — not a privilege.
In the middle of a global pandemic, President Trump is trying to get the U.S. Supreme Court to eliminate Obamacare and rip health care protections away from 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions.Don't forget that.
Thank you, Your support and your friendship mean the world to me. John and I didn't always agree on the issues, but we put aside our differences to find common ground and move the country forward — it's what I'll do every day as president. 
I've spent my career working to end violence against women and will fight to end the epidemic of missing and murdered indigenous women. I applaud Congress for passing Savanna's Act this week.Now, the Senate and President Trump need to reauthorize VAWA. It's long overdue. 
Once again, we are called to ask ourselves whether justice could be equally applied in America. But what's clear is that today in America, Black women deserve better.
The Trump Administration says "the entire ACA must fall."They are arguing to strip millions of Americans of health care in the middle of a pandemic.We can't let him win. 
In-person early voting should be easy and convenient for all. The Flint, MI City Clerk's office will be open the last three weekends before Election Day for folks to cast their ballots. It's an example that cities and states across the country should follow.
Michigan — You don’t have to wait until November 3rd to cast your ballot, early voting begins today across the state.It's easy and it's important: head to  to make your plan to vote early. 
En el Día de la Virgen de las Mercedes, acompaño en solidaridad a todos los defensores de derechos humanos de Cuba, Nicaragua y Venezuela, y rezo por la liberación de todos los presos políticos.
On this Feast Day of Our Lady of Mercy, I stand in solidarity with all defenders of human rights from Cuba, Nicaragua, and Venezuela — and pray for the freedom of all political prisoners.
Florida — I'm counting on you to vote and help us win the battle for the soul of this nation. Ballots are being sent out today across the state — head to  to request yours.
We are a more just, more equal nation because of Justice Ginsburg. Now it’s up to all of us to carry on her fight. 
Even amidst the profound grief ; anger today's decision generated, violence is never ; can never be the answer. Those who engage in it must be held accountable. Jill ; I are keeping the officers shot tonight in Louisville in our prayers. We wish them both a swift ; full recovery.
The 200,000 people we've lost to COVID-19 weren't nobodies, Mr. President.They were our parents and grandparents, sons and daughters, friends and co-workers.They were Americans. 
As Juan Guaidó speaks about the Venezuelan humanitarian crisis and the crimes against humanity perpetrated by Maduro, I reaffirm my commitment to stand with the Venezuelan people.A Biden-Harris administration will always champion democracy and human rights around the world. 
We must continue to speak Breonna Taylor’s name, support her family still in grieving, and never give up on ensuring the full promise of America for every American. 
To build our nation back better than before, we have to advance racial equity across the American economy. I’m in Charlotte, North Carolina, with to discuss how we’ll get it done. Tune in. 
Asking for money isn’t my favorite part of running for president. But we’re coming up on our final end-of-quarter deadline of the campaign and need your help to hit our goal.If you’re able, please chip in today: 
This is our moment to tackle systemic racism head-on and build a nation true to our founding ideals. A nation where all men and women are not only created equal — but treated equally. Here's how we'll advance racial economic equity: 
I’ve dealt with guys like Donald Trump my whole life.Guys who look down on you because they’ve got a lot of money.Guys who think they’re better than you.Guys who inherited everything they ever got in life — and then squandered it. 
We can’t let 2016 repeat itself. There’s simply too much on the line for anyone to sit this election out.Get registered to vote today:  
Cindy — I'm deeply honored to have your support and your friendship. This election is bigger than any one political party. It requires all of us to come together as one America to restore the soul of the nation. Together, we'll get it done. 
To celebrate  we're hosting a virtual rally with and more! Tune in now — and make sure to register to vote at  
We have the power to write the future we want for our country — and it starts at the ballot box. Register to vote today and let’s change the course of history, together.  
 Join us TONIGHT at 8:00 PM ET for our  Rally!To get ready for the event, tell us why voting is…
Let me be very clear, Not a single one of the 200,000 Americans we've lost to this virus was a "nobody." 
The last four years come down to the next 42 days. This is our moment — and if you vote, we’ll win.Head to  and get registered today.  
Donald Trump sees the world from Park Avenue.I see the world from where I grew up: Scranton, Pennsylvania.
It didn’t have to be this bad. 
200,000 Americans have died from this virus.It’s a staggering number that’s hard to wrap your head around. But behind every COVID-19 death is a family and community that will never again be the same.There’s a devastating human toll to this pandemic — and we can’t forget that.
While other nations worked around the clock to get this virus under control, our president was too busy tweeting and golfing.Now, nearly 200,000 Americans have died.It didn’t have to happen this way. 
Today, we'll pass another grim milestone in this pandemic: 200,000 American lives lost.Jill and I are keeping everyone who's hurting in our prayers. No words can numb your pain, but know the nation grieves with you.Today is dark, but we will overcome this. Keep the faith.
Donald Trump ran for office saying he would represent the forgotten men and women of this country — and as soon as he got in office, he forgot about us.
When the virus came, President Trump wasn’t thinking about you, he was thinking about his own reelection.It’s how Trump looks at the world: It’s always about him, never about us.You deserve a president who will put you first.
Thank you for the warm welcome, Manitowoc! With the help of companies like Wisconsin Aluminum Foundry, we're going to revitalize American manufacturing and make sure the future is made here in America. 
In this moment, we're facing both a public health crisis and an economic crisis because Donald Trump failed to do his job. I'm in Manitowoc, Wisconsin, to discuss what I'll do to get our nation back on track. Tune in. 
If this reporting is true, this complaint is deeply concerning and needs to be independently investigated immediately. These women are entitled to be treated with dignity and respect. Practices like this would end in a Biden Administration. 
Let me be clear: LGBTQ+ rights are human rights — and “LGBT-free zones” have no place in the European Union or anywhere in the world. 
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg was proof that courage, conviction, and moral clarity can change not just the law — but also the world. 
On the third anniversary of Hurricane Maria, it’s not enough to just remember the devastation wrought by the storm. We must act to ensure nothing like it ever happens again and to ensure Puerto Rico gets the full dignity and respect it deserves. 
En el tercer aniversario del huracán María, no es suficiente recordar la devastación provocada por la tormenta. Debemos actuar para asegurarnos de que nada como esto vuelva a suceder y asegurar que Puerto Rico reciba la dignidad y el respeto que se merece. 
Our frontline workers have sacrificed so much during this pandemic — the least President Trump could do is tell them the truth. 
 We’re 44 days away from election day, and we have to organize and mobilize folks like never before. Sign up to join our week…
Tune in as I deliver remarks on the passing of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and the future of the Supreme Court. 
Tune in as I deliver remarks on the passing of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and the future of the Supreme Court. 
Honor and decency are on the ballot this November. 
It was my honor to preside over Justice Ginsburg’s confirmation hearings, and to support her accession to the Supreme Court. Her opinions, and her dissents, will shape the basis of our law for generations to come — and we’ll be a more just and equal nation because of it. 
I’m Joe Biden and I approve this message. 
We must win.
The Supreme Court is on the ballot. And the outcome will impact everything from health care to civil rights — affecting generations to come. Vote. Our future depends on it. 
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg fought for all of us. She was a giant of the Court and unflinching in her pursuit of equal justice under the law. Because of her life’s work, we are closer to that more perfect union we’ve always strived to be. 
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg inspired us all. 
Let me be clear: The voters should pick a President, and that President should select a successor to Justice Ginsburg.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg stood for all of us. She was an American hero, a giant of legal doctrine, and a relentless voice in the pursuit of that highest American ideal: Equal Justice Under Law. May her memory be a blessing to all people who cherish our Constitution and its promise.
Jill and I wish our friends in the Jewish community a very healthy and happy New Year. As we mark this new beginning, let us commit to pursuing peace and justice in the year ahead. 
Amy is right: our democracy depends on your vote. And you don't have to wait until November to cast your ballot.If you're in Minnesota, head to  and make your plan to vote today. 
Now, it's time to vote. Make your plan today.  
Let's be honest: my campaign wouldn't be here if it weren't for the support of Black Americans. And I know we don't have a chance to win without your support.I'll do everything I can to earn your vote—and together, we'll build a nation that works for all.  
Virginia — early voting is now open! The future of our country is on the ballot, and your voice is absolutely critical to deciding who we are as a nation. This is our moment. Head to  to make a plan to vote. Democracy depends on it. 
Frankie — I'm honored to have your support and couldn't agree more: We are at our best when we act as one America. Together, we're going to unite the country and restore the soul of the nation. 
A Biden-Harris administration will create millions of good-paying, union jobs and ensure the future is made in America — by all of America. I’m speaking live from Hermantown, MN on how we’ll get it done. Tune in. 
I can't believe I have to say this, but if I'm elected president, I won't put a climate change denier — one who called the scientific community "a bunch of thugs" — in charge of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 
When we needed Donald Trump to tell the truth about COVID-19, he lied to us.When we needed him to take action to contain its spread, he spent his days golfing.When we needed a president the most, he was nowhere to be found.It's unforgivable.
Donald Trump claimed he would be "the greatest jobs president God ever created."But the fact is he's the worst jobs president in recorded history.We can't afford another four years of his failed leadership. 
 The Black community understands just how critical this election is—because we are living the consequences of the last ele…
Folks, I just wrapped up my first CNN Town Hall of the general election. We’re in the home stretch of this campaign and your support matters more than ever.Chip in to help us keep tonight’s momentum going: 
What the hell makes you think I need an Ivy League degree to be president?  
Unlike President Trump, I’ll be a president for all Americans — not just the ones who vote for me.  
Here's the deal: I've condemned every form of violence, no matter what the source is. President Trump has not.  
As president, I will bring Americans together and finally deliver much needed policing reform.  
You lost your freedom because President Trump didn't act.  
I’m in this race to fight for the hardworking Americans who wake up every single day and make our country run.  
I'll tell you what takes away your freedom: not being able to see your kid, go to the football game, or see your mom or dad in the hospital. That's what is costing us our freedom.  
The choice in this election couldn’t be more clear.We can choose four more years of Donald Trump’s dark and divisive politics.Or we can choose a path of hope and light—and build a better future for all.Chip in to help us win.  
This election is Scranton vs. Park Avenue.
President Trump knew how deadly COVID-19 was and did nothing. It’s close to criminal.  
I’m about to take the stage for tonight’s Town Hall in Scranton, Pennsylvania. Tune in to now to watch live. 
Donald Trump wants to give his rich friends another tax cut, so they pay a lower tax rate than tens of millions of essential workers and middle class Americans.We need a president who cares about more than the wealthy and well-connected.
I’m looking forward to being back in my home town of Scranton, Pennsylvania, for tonight’s CNN Town Hall. Tune in at 8 PM ET to watch. 
No surprise, Donald Trump is lying about my tax plan. Here’s the truth about how I’ll make corporations pay their fair share while ensuring Americans making under $400,000 don’t pay a penny more. 
Ahead of  Jill and I want to wish everyone in the Jewish community a very happy, healthy, and sweet New Year. Tune in to our virtual event: 
The 100 richest Americans have made more than $300 billion during the COVID-19 crisis. Now, in the middle of a pandemic and economic crisis, Donald Trump wants to give them a $29 billion tax break. Let that sink in.
If you make under $400,000, you will not pay a penny more in taxes when I'm president.The super-wealthy and big corporations will finally pay their fair share — and we'll invest that money in working families.We're going to reward work — not wealth.
 the job is to be president of all Americans. For the love of God start acting like it. 
We've had to endure President Trump's incompetence and dishonesty when it comes to testing, wearing masks, and socially distancing.  We can't afford a repeat of those fiascos with a COVID-19 vaccine.The stakes are too high.
Yesterday, I met with some of our nation's top experts to discuss how we distribute a safe and effective COVID-19 vaccine. If I win this election, I know that there won't be a minute to waste. I'll get to work on day one implementing an effective distribution plan. 
President Trump promised the opioid crisis would end "quickly" if he won, but the fact is drug overdose deaths are up nearly 10% across the country. It's heartbreaking.As president, I promise I'll take action to end this epidemic. 
If you give a climate arsonist four more years in the White House, why would anyone be surprised if more of America is ablaze? 
We’re going to get this virus under control and get your life back on track.
This is Donald Trump’s America after one term. Why would we give him a second? 
When I said I trust vaccines, and I trust the scientists, but I don't trust Donald Trump — this is what I meant: 
We can’t allow the Good Friday Agreement that brought peace to Northern Ireland to become a casualty of Brexit.Any trade deal between the U.S. and U.K. must be contingent upon respect for the Agreement and preventing the return of a hard border. Period. 
We all want a COVID-19 vaccine as soon as possible, but it needs to be based on science — not politics. Tune in as I discuss how we can develop and equitably distribute a safe and effective vaccine: 
We’ve lost nearly 200,000 Americans to COVID-19. It didn’t have to be this bad — but Donald Trump failed to do his job.
The fact of the matter is Donald Trump doesn't have a health care plan.I do — and you can read it here:  
Science will win. 
Donald Trump’s climate denial may not have directly caused the record fires we’re seeing on the West Coast. But if he gets four more years in the White House, they’ll only become more common, devastating, and deadly. 
To be clear: I am not currently president. But if you chip in now, we can change that in November:  
Hispanic Heritage Month is a reminder of the strength we draw as a nation from our immigrant roots. No matter where your family came from, we're here because we all share the same ideals. That's the story of America — and it is well worth celebrating. 
Donald Trump not only suggested we sell or trade Puerto Rico — but he also left our fellow Americans without the resources they desperately needed after Hurricane Maria. It's unacceptable.As president, I'll support the island's full recovery and invest in its people and future.
Today marks the official start of Hispanic Heritage Month. Tune in as we kick off our celebration from Florida: 
As we celebrate the Independence Day of Costa Rica, Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras and Nicaragua, we must affirm the democratic aspirations and human rights of people across Latin America.I'll always fight for democracy and for those who come to America seeking a better life.
The 16th Street Baptist Church bombing is a powerful reminder of our past and what remains at stake in this election. As we honor the memory of those four little girls, we must commit to defeating the poisonous ideology of white supremacy that lit the fuse 57 years ago.
I believe that every American deserves a fair shot to get ahead and a government that treats them equally. But that hasn't been the case for the people of Puerto Rico. Today, I'm releasing my new plan to change that: 
For months, President Trump has failed to provide desperately needed fiscal relief to our state and local governments — and we’re seeing the consequences every day.Our students and educators deserve better.As president, I’ll make sure they always have the resources they need. 
The most sacred obligation of our government is to do right by those who defend our nation at war. I’m in Tampa, Florida, to hear from veterans and to discuss how I’ll honor that promise as president. Tune in: 
 Our planet can’t afford four more years of Donald Trump. Together, and I will take immediate action to tackle t…
Wheels up, folks. 
Donald Trump is not responsible for COVID-19, but he is responsible for his failed response and for lying to the American people. 
This morning, parents all across the West — already worried about their kids being indoors because of COVID-19 — are now also waking up worried about their kids being outside.We need a president who takes climate change seriously.
The fact is, Iran is closer to a nuclear bomb today than it was when Donald Trump took office.Every day he’s in charge of our national security is another day our enemies are emboldened and the American people are at risk. 
When Donald Trump thinks about climate change, he thinks “hoax.” I think “jobs.”Good paying, union jobs that put Americans to work building a stronger, more climate-resilient nation. 
 you know what’s actually threatening our suburbs?Wildfires. Floods. Hurricanes.We need to act on climate. Now.
Science knows. 
Folks, it all comes down to this. We have just 50 days until the most important election of our lifetimes.Make a plan to have your voice heard this November. 
Amy Poehler and know a thing or two about and — and I can't wait to see what they have in store for tonight's grassroots fundraiser.Chip in now to reserve your ticket:  
Climate change is the existential challenge that will define our future as a country. Tune in as I discuss the wildfires up and down the West Coast — and how I'll tackle the climate crisis head-on and create millions of good-paying jobs: 
50 days until Election Day. 50 days to do everything we can to make Donald Trump a one-term president.Chip in to power our campaign through this final stretch: 
50 days.
Weapons of war have no place in our communities.We need to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines.
When President Trump talks about America leading the world, this is what he means. 
I know we can beat Donald Trump and build this nation back better — but we need your help to do it. That's why we're launching our new Grassroots Fundraising Team.Sign up and help us win this November. 
I promise that as president, I’ll make reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act a top priority and continue working to end gender-based violence. 
With each reauthorization, VAWA has become stronger.The latest bill—passed by the House last year—would close loopholes allowing abusers to obtain guns and extend protections for Native women.But Mitch McConnell refuses to bring it to the floor for a vote. It’s despicable.
26 years ago today, the Violence Against Women Act became law. In the years since, it has saved countless lives and helped change the culture around sexual assault and domestic violence.Writing and championing the law remains one of my proudest accomplishments. 
It's hard to believe, but Monday marks 50 days until Election Day. To kick off the final stretch, and are hosting a grassroots fundraiser.You won't want to miss this, folks. Chip in to reserve your spot: 
26 years ago today, the Senate passed 10-year bans on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines—it was an effort I was proud to champion.These bans saved lives, and Congress should have never let them expire.As president, I’ll take on the and we’ll ban them once again.
This cold-blooded shooting is unconscionable and the perpetrator must be brought to justice.Violence of any kind is wrong; those who commit it should be caught and punished.Jill and I are keeping the deputies and their loved ones in our hearts and praying for a full recovery. 
In a Biden-Harris administration, “Buy American” will be more than a slogan. We’re going to invest an additional $400 billion in purchasing American-made products and keep good-paying jobs here at home. 
Donald Trump and I have pretty different philosophies when it comes to giving our word. Mine means something. When I tell the American people I’m going to do something — I follow through. 
I promise you that if I’m elected president, I’ll never forget what the job is about. It’s about you — the American people. 
Iran’s cruel execution of Navid Afkari is a travesty. No country should arrest, torture, or execute peaceful protestors or activists. Iran must free its other political prisoners, including Nasrin Sotoudeh, and release unjustly detained Americans. 
As president, I’ll impose a tax penalty on companies that ship jobs overseas and sell products back to the U.S. — and I’ll create millions of good-paying jobs here at home.We’re going to make sure the future is made in America — by all of America's workers. 
The science is clear, and deadly signs like the fires out West are unmistakable — climate change poses an existential threat to our way of life.We must act now to avoid a future defined by tragedies like the one American families are enduring today. 
You deserve a President and Vice President who will spend every minute of every day working to make your life better.I promise that’s exactly what and I will do.
Always remember. 
And now, as then, we owe it to them to come together as a nation — so that Americans can once again do what we did so bravely nineteen years ago: turn from tragedy to purpose, rebuild our lives, and begin, in time, to heal.
Now, as then, our heroes are ordinary people doing extraordinary things: nurses and doctors; delivery drivers and grocery clerks; public transit workers and educators; regular Americans thrust into courageous acts of sacrifice and service.
This year, we mark the anniversary of 9/11 in the midst of another crisis that compels us to summon the best of the American people in the face of unconscionable, inconceivable loss — a crisis that has already taken nearly 200,000 Americans.
Nineteen years ago, our nation was tested by an unspeakable act of cowardice and hate. Nearly 3,000 lives were cut short: a once-unthinkable toll which tore open the hearts of Americans in every corner of the country. 
As a nation, we must never forget those we lost on 9/11 and the incredible bravery of our first responders. Though the wounds of that day will never fully heal, the spirit of Americans recovered as it always does — unbowed by the efforts of those who strike against it. 
Donald Trump said he wanted to be a cheerleader for the country. We didn't need a cheerleader. We needed a president.
More than 1,000 people died from COVID yesterday watched eight hours of TV.If I’m president, you might not always agree with me. But I promise you I will always show up and fight for you. 
Donald Trump is holding a rally in Michigan today—while also refusing to fully fund their National Guard.These are frontline workers against COVID-19, responsible for testing and distributing food and medical supplies.Michiganders need a pandemic response—not a pep rally. 
Do your part. Wear a mask. 
Make no mistake: Climate change is already here — and we’re witnessing its devastating effects every single day. We have to get President Trump out of the White House and treat this crisis like the existential threat that it is. 
To everyone struggling right now, I want you to know that you are not alone. You’re seen, you’re heard, and you’re loved. If you need help, please don’t hesitate to visit  Better days lie ahead, I promise. 
The images coming out of California, Oregon, Washington, and other Western states are truly horrifying. If you’re in an impacted area, please heed the warnings from your local authorities and stay safe. Jill and I are keeping you all in our prayers. 
How many more people have to suffer because of President Trump's lies? 
Donald Trump said he didn't want to tell the truth and create a panic. So he did nothing and created a disaster.
I got to meet Lou Brock back in March. I joked that I had really just come to St. Louis to see him—and let me tell you, our meeting was a real highlight. Lou was a true legend and a man of integrity. Jill and I are keeping his loved ones in our prayers during this difficult time. 
Donald Trump knew that COVID-19 was dangerous. He knew it was deadly. And he purposely downplayed it.Now, nearly 200,000 Americans are dead.It’s unconscionable. 
You deserve a president who tells you the truth.
If Donald Trump had acted just two weeks earlier, 54,000 lives could have been spared in March and April alone. Instead, he downplayed the threat and refused to take action — costing lives and sending our economy into a tailspin.It’s an unjustifiable dereliction of duty.
Roberto Clemente was an incredible baseball player. He was a barrier breaker and a humanitarian. As he rose to fame, he lifted the Black and Latino communities with him.I may be a Phillies fan, but I’m always proud to honor the legacy of  
I promise you that if I’m elected, I’ll always tell you the truth.I’ll listen to the experts and do everything I can to contain this virus.And I’ll always put your health and safety first — no matter the political cost.
Donald Trump knew.He lied to us for months.And while a deadly disease ripped through our nation, he failed to do his job — on purpose.It was a life or death betrayal of the American people. 
I’m in Warren, Michigan, to discuss how a Biden-Harris administration will ensure the future is made in America — by America’s workers. Tune in now: 
The right to vote is the most sacred American right there is — exercise it. Make your voice heard this November. 
 The images we’re seeing from the West Coast are absolutely horrifying. I’m eternally grateful for our brave firefighters…
President Obama and I rescued the auto industry and helped Michigan's economy come roaring back.Donald Trump squandered it — and hardworking Michiganders are paying the price every day. 
Given his track record, no one can take Trump’s word alone on a COVID-19 vaccine. But with satisfactory answers to these questions, every American can have confidence in a safe and effective COVID-19 vaccine. 
3: What is the plan to allocate and distribute vaccines to Americans cost-free, safely, equitably, and without politics? President Trump should release a detailed distribution plan to ensure every American — not just the wealthy and well-connected — receives the vaccine.
2: Who will validate that the Administration’s decision to greenlight a COVID-19 vaccine is driven by science and not political motivation? We must hear uncensored statements on efficacy and safety from the vaccine advisory committee, and Dr. Fauci.
1: What criteria will be used to ensure a vaccine meets the scientific standard of safety and efficacy?The FDA must clarify what criteria it will use, and President Trump must commit to respecting the independent judgment of the non-political professional staff at the FDA.
A safe and effective COVID-19 vaccine could save countless lives. We need one as soon as possible.But while I see a vaccine as a product of science, President Trump sees it as a political tool.Politics should play no role in this. The Administration must answer the following:
Donald Trump is incapable of providing the leadership this moment requires.
 Let me tell you about Joe. 
Every single American worker deserves the chance to join a union. As president, I’ll strengthen our labor unions and ensure workers can bargain for the pay, benefits, and workplace protections they deserve. 
I can tell you few people know me as well as and do. 
Just months ago, Donald Trump was planning to allow oil and gas drilling off the coast of Florida. Now, with 56 days until the election, he conveniently says that he changed his mind. Unbelievable. You don't have to guess where I stand: I oppose new offshore drilling. 
On this feast day of Cuba’s patron saint la Virgen de la Caridad del Cobre, Jill and I pray that the love and compassion “Cachita” inspires will fill the hearts of Cubans and believers around the world. 
Unlike Donald Trump, I'll listen to the experts and heed their advice — especially when it comes to matters of health and safety.You should expect nothing less from your president. 
This economy may be working great for Donald Trump and his wealthy friends — but it's not working for the rest of America.It's time we change that.
At our best, America has always been generous, kind, and optimistic. We treat each other with dignity, give hate no safe harbor, and leave no one behind.I believe we can be that nation once again.
Mr. President — If you’re so good at making deals, then why does your trade deal cost American workers so much pain while letting China off the hook for its biggest trade abuses? 
As president, I’ll make record investments in American industry and create millions of good-paying, union jobs.We’re going to make sure the future is made in America — and built by union workers. 
Wall Street didn't build this country — the middle class did. And unions built the middle class.Donald Trump doesn't understand that. We need a president who does.
It's not enough to just thank our essential workers — we need to pay them. As president, I’ll:- Raise the minimum wage to $15- End the tipped minimum wage- End the sub-minimum wage for people with disabilities- Ensure everyone has strong benefits
For years, President Trump and Republicans have waged a war on America's labor unions. It will end on my watch.I'll sign the PRO Act — making it easier for workers to organize and collectively bargain — and be the strongest labor president workers have ever had.
Together, we can build a future that reflects working people’s courage and ambition. One that not only offers good jobs — but the dignity, equity, shared prosperity, and common purpose due to every American. 
The 40-hour workweekMinimum wageOvertime payHealth care Workplace safety protectionsThey’re all because of unions — and it’s time we recognize that.
Today, we honor the generations of union workers who fought for the rights, power, wages, and benefits that built and sustained the great American middle class.  
We need to restore honor and decency to the White House.
Time and again, the president has refused to provide Puerto Rico with much-needed resources. He’s repeatedly insulted Puerto Ricans and this latest action is another example of his disrespect for the island. This ends when I’m elected president. 
Donald Trump promised to be "the greatest jobs president God ever created."But in reality, he's on track to become the first president in modern history to leave office with fewer jobs than when he entered.American workers can't take four more years of his failed leadership.
We all want our schools to reopen — but we need to do it in a way that puts the health and safety of our students and educators first.Here's how and I will reopen our schools safely and effectively: 
We know what President Trump thinks of our nation's veterans. Here is what they think of him. 
It’s time we reward work — not just wealth.
Be a patriot. Wear a mask. 
The economy wasn’t working for folks long before this virus hit. That’s why and I won’t just build back to the way things were — we’re going to build back better.We’re going to make sure everyone has a fair shot to get ahead. 
As president, I will:- Call for nationwide mask mandates- Implement widespread testing- Accelerate the development of treatments and vaccinesI’m ready to work on day one to contain the spread of this virus and get our country back on track.
Nicaraguan asylum seekers fleeing oppression deserve to have their cases heard. Instead, they’re being deported back into the tyrannical grip of Daniel Ortega without a chance to pursue their claims.President Trump’s cruelty truly knows no bounds. 
Mr. President, enough with the weekend golf trips and erratic tweets. It's time for you to get to work and control the spread of this virus. 
Our nation’s veterans speak for themselves. 
Every day Donald Trump proves how morally unfit he is to lead our nation.In 60 days, we have to vote him out. 
Now is not the time for a victory lap, Mr. President. Just because your wealthy friends and donors are doing well doesn't mean everyone else is.Get off the golf course. Call the leaders of Congress to the White House. And make a deal that delivers for working people.
The fact is we're more than six months into this pandemic, and:- 11.5 million Americans don't have their jobs back- Almost 30 million are on unemployment- We're down 720,000 manufacturing jobs- Nearly 1 in 6 small businesses have closed their doors
I'm grateful for everyone who found work in August and found that glimmer of hope — but there is real cause for concern in this morning's jobs report.The pace of job gains in August was slower than in July. And significantly slower than May or June.
Tune in as I discuss how our economic crisis has been worsened by President Trump's failure to get COVID-19 under control: 
 Every day we are thankful for our veterans and fallen soldiers who paid the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom und…
Mr. President, if you don’t respect our troops, you can’t lead them. 
Here’s my promise to you: If I have the honor of serving as the next commander in chief, I will ensure that our American heroes know that I will have their back and honor their sacrifice. Always. 
In 2016, President Trump promised to reduce the trade deficit and said: "You will see a drop like you've never seen before."The reality? It's the highest it's been in 12 years.American workers can't afford another four years of his failed leadership. 
The President has a duty to set an example.  
Folks, today marks two months until Election Day. That means we have just two months to do everything we can to beat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation.Chip in to help us win in November: 
This is our moment to root out systemic racism and ensure justice finally rings out for all in America. 
We need a president who will work to lower the temperature — not raise it. A president who will bring people together and find solutions to the challenges we face.That's what I went to Kenosha to do today, and it's what I'll do every day in the White House. 
It’s time we come together as a nation to heal and address the challenges we face. Tune in to our community conversation in Kenosha, Wisconsin: 
Right now, classrooms should be humming with excitement for a new year and students’ hopes for their futures.Instead, many are silent and empty because President Trump didn’t do his job.America’s families are paying the price for his failures.
I've always believed we're at our best when we act as one America. It's time for us to come together, propel our nation across this turbulent threshold, and build a better future for all.
Time and time again, President Trump has refused to stand up to Putin. His silence on the poisoning of Mr. Navalny is just the latest example.As president, I'll do what Trump won't: hold the Putin regime accountable for its crimes. 
I’ve released 21 years of my tax returns. What are you hiding, 
They're rooting for chaos and violence because they think it helps them win a second term.Now ask yourself, is that really who you think should be running the country? 
If we give Donald Trump another four years in the White House, our planet may never recover. 
We’re just over two months from Election Day. But in many states, you don’t have to wait until November to make your voice heard.Head to  and make a plan to vote early today.
Donald Trump and Betsy DeVos are the worst possible people to lead our nation’s schools through this pandemic.
We all want students back in the classroom, but President Trump hasn't done the work to make sure schools can reopen safely and effectively and I will be ready on day 1 with a roadmap for reopening. 
President Trump has failed to address COVID-19 — and now our students and educators are paying the price. Tune in as I discuss my plan to safely and effectively reopen schools: 
This campaign is powered by grassroots supporters like you — and every dollar counts to close the fundraising gap with the Trump campaign. $5, $10, $15, whatever you can, chip in today: 
Last month we raised $364.5 million — 95% of the donations from grassroots supporters like you and the majority online.Working people are powering our campaign — and I’m grateful.We’ve got a long way to go to close the fundraising gap and win — but we can do it. Together.
Donald Trump is determined to instill fear and divide us, but what he doesn't understand is that fear never builds the future — hope does. 
For far too long, discriminatory policies like redlining have kept Black Americans from having the same opportunities as white Americans.That’s got to change:  
If I’m elected president, I promise you that America will be better prepared to deal with any threats that come our way.That starts with restoring the PREDICT program that President Trump ended. 
Together, we’re going to build back better than before and set our nation on a new path. 
 and I send our best wishes to members of the Jain faith concluding the holy observance of Paryushan and Das Lakshan. May we all find peace and reconciliation in our lives. Michhami Dukkaddam and Kshamavani!
We need a president who will lower the temperature and bring the country together — not one who raises it and tears us further apart. 
 Can you believe?! ✨ and the  are doing a grassroots fundraiser happening NOW! Join us ⬇️
Our nation is at an inflection point. and I sat down to discuss what brought us to this moment — and how we move forward and build back better than before. Tune in to watch: 
Across the country, people rely on public transportation to get to work, see loved ones, and access essential services. But that's all under threat because Republicans refuse to do their jobs.Congress must act now to save public transit.
 Tonight is our August fundraising deadline, and we need your help to make sure we finish strong.We can't do this alone -- ev…
Today’s press conference made it clear: we are all less safe because Donald Trump has failed at his job.We need a President who will stop violence — not incite it. 
President Shri Pranab Mukherjee was a devout public servant who believed deeply in the importance of our two nations tackling global challenges together. Jill and I are saddened to hear of his passing — our prayers go out to his loved ones and the Indian people. 
I urge President Trump to join me in saying that while peaceful protest is an important right — violence is wrong. Period.If he can’t say that, then he is unfit to be President. 
Tonight, President Trump declined to rebuke violence.He wouldn’t even repudiate one of his supporters who is charged with murder.He is too weak, too scared of the hatred he has stirred to put an end to it.
Fear never builds the future — hope does. 
If Donald Trump wants to ask the question: Who will keep you safer as President?Let’s answer it. 
Donald Trump looks at this violence and sees a political lifeline.He failed to protect America, so now he's trying to scare America. 
Folks, we're just hours away from our first end-of-month fundraising deadline of the general election. We need your help to hit our goal and show Donald Trump we have what it takes to win in November.If you're able, please chip in today: 
The truth is Donald Trump can't stop the violence, because for years he has fomented it. 
Anyone who met Amari will tell you that he was a charismatic young man—poised for greatness. He was ready and willing to take on the world. I can tell you that in 20 years, we all would have been saying, ‘Amari for President.’  
More cops have died from COVID this year than have been killed on patrol.Nearly one in six small businesses in this country are closed.Do you really feel safer under Trump?
Mr. President, it’s high time you condemn violence of any form. 
Donald Trump keeps telling us if he was president, you'd feel safe.Well, he is president — whether he knows it or not.
Trump and Pence are running on this: “You won’t be safe in Joe Biden’s America.”And what’s their proof?The violence you’re seeing in Donald Trump’s America.
The simple truth is Donald Trump failed to protect America. So now, he’s trying to scare America.
I want a safe America — safe from COVID, safe from crime and looting, safe from racially motivated violence, safe from bad cops. And let’s be crystal clear: Safe from four more years of Donald Trump.
Donald Trump may believe mouthing the words law and order makes him strong, but his failure to call on his own supporters to stop acting as an armed militia in this country shows you how weak he is.
Donald Trump can’t stop the violence we're seeing today – because for years he has fomented it.  Tune in as I discuss the need for justice and safety in America: 
Does anyone believe there will be less violence in America if Donald Trump is reelected?
We are facing so many crises under Donald Trump: COVID.Economic devastation.Unwarranted police violence.Emboldened white nationalists.A reckoning on race.Declining faith in a bright American future.The common thread? A president who makes things worse — not better.
We’re going to build back better and we will do it while creating a brighter future for you and your families. This week and I sit down to discuss how we are going to move forward—together.Join us on Tuesday. 
There’s a lot happening, but I hope we don’t overlook the brave fire fighters ; emergency responders in the wake of Hurricane Laura.When the storm hit, they stayed behind—even while their homes were being destroyed—to help their community recover.True American heroes.
This video is doctored — and a flagrant attempt to spread misinformation at the expense of a man who uses assistive technology. It should be removed. Now. 
I’m thrilled to announce our grassroots fundraiser with our friends. I hope you’ll join and this Tuesday.Chip in to reserve your spot:  
Donald Trump has been president for almost four years.The temperature in the country is higher, tensions run stronger, divisions run deeper.And all of us are less safe because he can’t do the job of the American president.
We must not become a country at war with ourselves.A country that accepts the killing of fellow Americans who do not agree with you. A country that vows vengeance toward one another.But that is the America that President Trump wants us to be, the America he believes we are.
The deadly violence we saw overnight in Portland is unacceptable. Shooting in the streets of a great American city is unacceptable.I condemn violence of every kind by anyone, whether on the left or the right. And I challenge Donald Trump to do the same. 
We run this campaign led by the values that guide my life - honesty, integrity, and compassion. and I are hard at work and want to let you into the conversation.Join us this Tuesday. 
No lies, fear-mongering, or malarkey.Just an honest conversation about the future of our nation.Tune in this Tuesday. 
I believe we're so much better than what we saw this week at the RNC.This is our moment to choose love over hate, hope over fear, fact over fiction.We'll overcome this era of American darkness, together. 
I don’t know a single person who believes any part of this pandemic has been a “good thing".Secretary DeVos and President Trump refuse to take this virus seriously—our children are paying the price.
I believe there's not a single thing the American people can't accomplish if we do it together. We're going to overcome these crises and emerge stronger than before.
Folks, we’re just a few days away from our biggest end-of-month deadline yet and we need your help to hit our goal. Every donation — big or small — makes a big difference.Please chip in today: 
The only thing this president has done alone is fail America. 
We have a president more interested in beating people at golf than beating COVID-19.
I promise you this: A Biden-Harris Administration will always listen to scientists. 
The true power of was bigger than anything we saw on screen. From the Black Panther to Jackie Robinson, he inspired generations and showed them they can be anything they want — even super heroes. Jill and I are praying for his loved ones at this difficult time.
America was built on a simple idea: All men — and women — are created equal. It’s time we ensured all people are treated equally as well.
The President incites violence, inspires white-supremacist shooters, and his failed COVID response is costing thousands of lives per day. When you look at the world right now, ask yourself: Do you feel safe in Trump’s America? 
America is at an inflection point.The calls for racial justice that sparked the March on Washington 57 years ago are ringing out again today.As we honor the legacy of that day — let's meet this moment with the urgency and action that our heroes marched for half a century ago. 
Donald Trump put our nation on the sidelines. Let’s get back in the game. 
I know from personal experience how important access to quality, affordable health care is for a family. I know the peace of mind it brings.It's why as president, I promise I'll protect your children's health care as if they were my own. 
As we mark the 57th anniversary of the March on Washington and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech, we must continue the hard work of perfecting our union. It's up to all of us to carry on the march toward equality, liberty, and justice for all.
I am grateful for your friendship and leadership, I’m sad to see you step down, but I know the strong alliance between our countries and peoples will continue for generations to come. Wishing you good health in the years ahead, my friend. 
Mr. President, Americans are canceling weddings and holding funerals without family. They're sacrificing so more Americans don't have to die.But instead of leading by example, you hosted a super spreader event on the South Lawn.When will you take the presidency seriously? 
We can't let George Floyd and Jacob Blake become just another pair of hashtags.This is a moment of action.It's long past time we reform policing, reverse systemic racism, and make our communities safer.
Times of crisis often bring out our best as Americans — and we're seeing that right now in the aftermath of Hurricane Laura. Thank you to all of our emergency responders who are working around the clock to help people get back on their feet. 
Tonight is yet another reminder of what's at stake in this election. Who we are, what we stand for, and who we want to be — it's all on the ballot this November.We have to beat Donald Trump. Chip in to help us do it: 
It’s time we bring integrity back to the White House. 
Remember: every example of violence Donald Trump decries has happened on his watch. Under his leadership. During his presidency.
Leadership requires foresight. 
From the moment COVID-19 emerged, President Trump downplayed the threat it posed, refused to listen to the experts, and failed to take action to contain its spread.Now, we’re paying the price.
Donald Trump promised to be the greatest jobs president God ever created.Instead, tens of millions of Americans are out of work and we're facing the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.  
Donald Trump didn't build a wall around America, the world built a wall around us. 
Donald Trump is right, this is the most important election in the history of our country.Chip in to help us get him out of the White House: 
Donald Trump calls himself a wartime president. But now, instead of leading the charge to defeat this virus, he’s waved the white flag.He abandoned the American people when we needed him most.
When President Trump took office, he inherited a growing economy from the Obama-Biden administration. And just like everything else he’s inherited in his life, he squandered it. 
President Trump has failed our nation. 
- 180,000 lives lost- Nearly 6 million confirmed cases of COVID-19- Over 25 million Americans out of work- Countless small businesses on the brink of closingThat's Donald Trump's America. We're living it every day. We can't take four more years.
When Donald Trump says tonight you won’t be safe in Joe Biden’s America, look around and ask yourself: How safe do you feel in Donald Trump’s America?
This news is deeply disturbing — as an alum of and as an American. We need a full and swift investigation into what happened Tuesday night. With anti-Semitism on the rise across the country, we all have a moral obligation to speak out and give hate no safe harbor. 
President Trump doesn’t want a second term. He wants a do-over.As he takes the stage tonight, remember: he alone is responsible for the chaos in our country.Together, we can stop it. 
Donald Trump and Republicans must have forgotten about the 180,000 American lives lost due to COVID-19.I promise you that, as president, I never will. 
I couldn't be more ready for to be the next Vice President.Chip in to help us make history: 
Immigrants are not your political props, Mr. President. 
Last night, Vice President Mike Pence stood before America and with a straight face said, “You won’t be safe in Joe Biden’s America.”His proof?The violence you’re seeing in Donald Trump’s America. 
And in 146 days, we’ll rejoin it. 
Tune in as discusses President Trump’s failure to lead on COVID-19 and what a Biden-Harris administration will do differently: 
They got it wrong the first time. They will get it wrong again. 
The cruelty of this president truly knows no bounds. We can’t let him gut Social Security and eliminate funding for disability benefits. 
To lead America, you have to understand America.I know how hard it is for folks who are sick, struggling, and wondering how they'll get through the day.You deserve a president who will fight for you and lead our nation out of these crises. I'll get started on day one. 
Jill and I are praying for the safety of those in the path of Hurricane Laura. If you are in an impacted area, please heed the advice of local officials. 
The contrast tonight couldn't be clearer:We can choose four more years of fear, division, and hate.Or we can choose a different path — one of hope, unity, and light.Let's overcome this era of darkness, together: 
180,000 people have died from this COVID crisis. And the heartbreaking truth is that it didn't have to happen this way.
This moment demands moral leadership. And these players answered by standing up, speaking out, and using their platform for good.Now is not the time for silence. 
100 years ago today, the 19th Amendment was certified, giving some women the right to vote.But we still have further to go.We must carry forward the banner of equality and create that more perfect union we've always strived to be.  
 Build Bark Better.Happy  
As we celebrate  and the 100th anniversary of the 19th Amendment, we have got to renew our efforts to protect the sacred right to vote.Every eligible American should be able to make their voice heard at the ballot box. Period.
Amari was 16, not old enough to vote, but that didn't stop him from helping change the course of history. He brought his infectious passion and light to our campaign every day — and made us all better in the process. Jill and I are keeping his loved ones in our prayers. 
 Getting everyone to vote and safely cast their ballot—in person or through the mail—will be a full team effort.Tune in…
Once again, a Black man — Jacob Blake — was shot by the police. In front of his children. It makes me sick.Is this the country we want to be?Needless violence won’t heal us. We need to end the violence — and peacefully come together to demand justice. 
Vote early. 
I know how to lead this nation through a crisis because I've done it before. I won't waste any time getting this virus under control and building our country back better. 
President Trump can try and shift blame all he wants, but the fact is Maine's hardworking lobstermen and women are hurting under his watch.They deserve better. And as President, I will work to protect the livelihood and safety of the fishing community. 
I promise you that as president, I will protect America. I will protect you and your family. I will defend our nation from threats seen and unseen.It's the least of what we should expect from an American president.
 As states across our nation continue to attack reproductive rights, especially abortion, it’s more important than ever we…
I believe the American people are ready for something better. This is our moment to prove hope is more powerful than fear, love is more powerful than hate, and light is more powerful than darkness.Join us: 
When they say “the best is yet to come,” that’s a threat. 
Ignore the polls. There's simply too much on the line to take anything for granted.Register to vote: Donate: Volunteer: We can't let up until November. 
It's time for us, for We the People, to come together.Because united, we can — and will — overcome this season of darkness in America. 
70 days. 
Two years ago, we lost a genuine American hero, and to me, a true friend. John McCain never stopped pushing me and our nation to be better. I miss him dearly. 
Just stay focused, folks.Let’s get to work. Join our campaign: 
Donald Trump is unfit to lead our nation. But don’t just take my word for it... 
 it didn’t have to be this bad. 
The only person responsible for our failed COVID response is Donald Trump. 
Together, united in our love for America and each other, we’ll overcome this season of darkness and restore the soul of our nation. 
This moment is bigger than any one political party. We've got to come together as Americans to save our democracy and restore the soul of our nation. Thank you, Senator 
Yesterday, Jacob Blake was shot seven times in the back by police. His kids watched from the car. Today, we woke to grieve yet again.We need a full and transparent investigation. 
President Obama and I established a White House office to prepare our nation for future pandemics. Donald Trump eliminated it — and we've been paying the price every single day.
As president, the first step I will take will be to get control of the virus that's ruined so many lives. Because I understand something this president doesn't.  We will never get our economy back on track until we deal with this virus.
 and I are keeping everyone in the path of storms Laura and Marco in our prayers. Please take steps to prepare, heed the warnings of local authorities, and stay safe. 
America is at an inflection point. We can choose the path of becoming angrier, less hopeful, and more divided.Or we can choose a different path, and together, take this chance to heal, to be reborn, to unite. A path of hope and light.
31 years after they joined hands to demand freedom from Soviet oppression, citizens of the Baltic states formed a human chain in solidarity with Belarusians fighting to throw off the chains of dictatorship.We stand with the people of Belarus as we stood with the Baltic nations. 
I give you my word: If you entrust me with the presidency, I will draw on the best of us, not the worst. I will be an ally of the light, not of the darkness.
In times as challenging as these, I believe there is only one way forward: As a united America. 
If I'm elected, I promise I'll work as hard for those who didn't support me as I will for those who did. 
We can be the generation that finally wipes out the stain of racism from our national character. I believe the American people are up to it. 
Love is more powerful than hate. Hope is more powerful than fear. Light is more powerful than darkness.  This is our moment. This is our mission.
It will be the work of the next president to restore the promise of America — for everyone. That’s my commitment to you. 
America is a nation of immigrants. Each new generation that comes to our country makes us stronger. That became even truer yesterday when part of our campaign team in Florida, became a U.S. citizen.Thanks for choosing us, Luisana. 
We can’t take four more years of Donald Trump. 
To everyone celebrating the Hindu festival of Ganesh Chaturthi in the U.S., India, and around the world, may you overcome all obstacles, be blessed with wisdom, and find a path toward new beginnings.
I have always believed you can define America in one word: Possibilities.  In America, everyone should be given the opportunity to go as far as their dreams and God-given ability will take them.
Together, we can and will rebuild our economy. And when we do, we'll not only build it back — we'll build it back better. 
Donald Trump has failed to protect the American people — and that is unforgivable. 
 and I are keeping all those affected by the wildfires in California in our prayers. Please heed the warnings from local officials and stay safe. 
Brayden — When I was growing up, my mom always told me that bravery resides in every heart and that someday it will be summoned. Well, you summoned yours last night and showed the whole world that your stutter doesn't define you. I couldn't be prouder. 
Folks, it's been a big week. To celebrate, and to help elect Democrats up-and-down the ballot, and I are hosting a grassroots fundraiser.We'd love to see you there. Chip in to join us:  
I give you my word: if you entrust me with the presidency, I will draw on the best of us instead of the worst. I will be an ally of the light instead of the darkness, and we will once again be united in our love for America and for each other.Join us:  
Donald Trump continues to cozy up to Russia while Putin persecutes civil society and journalists. Now, opposition leader Alexei Navalny is in a coma after being poisoned. It's unacceptable. Unlike Trump, I'll defend our democratic values and stand up to autocrats like Putin. 
You placed your faith in our campaign and I can’t thank you enough. I’m grateful for your support and honored to be the Democratic nominee.With 75 days left, we’ve got to get to work. Chip in to help us win: 
May history be able to say that the end of this chapter of American darkness began here, tonight as love and hope and light joined the battle for the soul of the nation. 
Character is on the ballot. Compassion is on the ballot. Decency, science, democracy.They are all on the ballot. 
This campaign isn't just about winning votes. It's about winning the heart, and yes, the soul of America. 
Our president has failed in his most basic duty to this nation. He failed to protect us.He failed to protect America.And that is unforgivable.
Who we are as a nation, what we stand for, and who we want to be — that's on the ballot this November.
It is with great honor and humility that I accept this nomination for President of the United States of America.
I love you girls so much. I couldn’t be prouder to be your Pop.  
 and Thank you for your support. When I’m president, you and your family are welcome at the White House any time.And, Riley and Ryan, the Vice President will be I think you’ll really like her.  
Beau is with me every single day. If he was here tonight, he would remind me ‘just be who you are.’ I’m a better person because of him.  
John Lewis was a dear friend. He was the best of who we are and what we can become. And he held onto the promise of this country until his final breath. We miss you, John.  
We’ve been tested. This is a critical moment. Tonight, we’ll take the next step to restore leadership to this country and the White House.   Watch live: 
I’m inspired to see folks from across the country coming together for the  I'm more confident than ever we can beat Donald Trump — but we have to stand together. If you're with us, chip in today: 
As our Muslim friends and neighbors mark the start of the Islamic New Year and honor the sacrifice made during the holy month of  let us all recommit to standing together in the struggle for compassion, equality, and justice.
It's the honor of my life to be the Democratic nominee for President of the United States. Tune in at 9 PM ET as I deliver my acceptance speech:  
I first ran for Senate when I was 29 years old, and I’m as optimistic about our future now as I was then. It’s time to set our nation on a new path. One where we finally live up to our highest ideals and everyone has a fair shot to get ahead.
Folks, it's the final night of the  and is hosting an after party that you won't want to miss.Sign up to join us: 
The story of this campaign has had its ups and downs, but through its course we’ve brought our party and nation together. Now, it’s time for the final chapter.Let’s do this. 
From my days as a public defender to my time as Vice President — I’ve dedicated my entire life to serving this country, and I’m not done yet. 
Tonight, I'll officially accept the nomination to be President of the United States of America. Before my speech, join us for a Grassroots Fest featuring James Taylor and Doug Emhoff.Chip in now to reserve your spot:  
When I first launched my campaign, I said we're in a battle for the soul of this nation. As I accept the nomination tonight, it's clear what's at stake in the next 75 days. We can and will win. Join us in the fight: 
Donald Trump is not responsible for COVID-19 — but he does bear full responsibility for the failed national response. We've got to hold him accountable this November.
Last night we made history when we nominated to be the next Vice President. Watch the highlights from night three of the  
 led our nation back from the brink of economic collapse. He rallied the world to take on the scourge of terror and the threat of climate change.When he tells you that our democracy is on the line this fall: listen. Vote.
I believe there’s not a single thing we can’t do if we do it together. Chip in to help us build the movement that will beat Donald Trump and put me and in the White House. 
Kamala Harris will be an incredible Vice President.Now let’s get to work. We don’t have a minute to waste.
“Donald Trump hasn’t grown into the job because he can’t.” 
Hillary: tonight, I’m reminded of one of your favorite sayings — rooted in the faith we both share: “Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, for as long as you can.”Thanks for always living by that, and reminding us to do the same.
I authored the Violence Against Women Act, and as president I’ll expand our efforts to end gender-based violence. Thank you, and Carly Dryden for your courage and advocacy. Together, we’ll get this done.  
  knows that the only way to defeat Donald Trump is to push for bold change – a change that is rooted in people's powe…
 V O T E - 
 Here's to the rabble-rousers, rule breakers, and the forces of nature who make good trouble. Our country and our world need yo…
I’ll just say what said: vote like your life depends on it.  
When I hear the words “climate change,” I hear another word: “jobs.” We can solve our climate crisis and our economic crisis at the same time.  
I’m doing this for Gabby. I’m doing this for so many families who have lost a loved one to gun violence. We’re going to be on the right side of history.  
I made a promise to families hurt by gun violence to never, ever give up on the fight. Tonight, I make the same promise to you.  
Our nation’s gun violence epidemic is really a cowardice problem — and there’s a lot of politicians in Washington who haven’t shown half the courage has. I hope they’re all paying attention.  
You heard Your voice is your vote. So get prepared for the election and make a plan for how you’ll cast your ballot.  
We can’t go back to the way things were before these crises, because things weren’t working for far too many Americans.  Tonight, we’ll discuss our plans to build back better and set this nation on a new path. 
When Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico, the President threw paper towels and abandoned the victims.Turns out he even wanted to sell the island. He turned his back on Puerto Ricans, but I promise you this: I never will. 
Let’s make history tonight,
The truth is, there's not a lot of people whose opinion I valued more than Beau's. When I was deciding who to pick as my running mate, I thought a lot about his friendship with and the respect he had for her.I know he'd be proud of my choice. 
They say choosing your running mate is the most important decision you make when you’re running for president. Well, I’m confident I made the right choice.Tonight, speaks directly to America. Tune in at 9 PM ET:  
You are the rock of our family, Jilly. I am and have always been in awe of you. 
When it comes down to it, Kamala and Doug share the same basic values set that Jill and I do — and it all starts with family. It’s at the very core of who we are. And it’s why I’m confident they’re the best possible partners for the road ahead. 
We have the power to write the future we want for this country — and it starts at the ballot box this November.Register to vote today and let’s get to work:  
The brave citizens of Belarus are showing their voices will not be silenced by terror or torture. The U.S. should support Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya's call for fair elections. Russia must be told not to interfere—this is not about geopolitics but the right to choose one's leaders.
 The last time I spoke at the Democratic National Convention was in 2012. Tonight at 9 p.m. ET I’ll be back, this time a…
I might be a little biased, but I think gave the best speech in convention history last night.Check it out along with other highlights from night two of the  
Tonight made one thing clear: We need to restore real leadership to the White House — and we need to do it now. Chip in to help us make it happen. 
❤️ 
Jill loves fiercely, cares deeply, and nothing stops her when she sets her mind to making something right. For all of you across the country, just think of your favorite educator who gave you the confidence to believe in yourself. That’s the kind of First Lady Jill will be.
John McCain was a good man, and a good friend. He made this country better. I miss him dearly.  
Thank you, for your courage and for all that you do to ensure a more just, more equal America.  
It is the honor of my life to accept the Democratic Party's nomination for President of the United States of America. 
Jacquelyn: Your nomination means the world to me. Thank you — and I hope you know: we love you back.  
 is right: This president has done nothing but use his position to benefit himself rather than our country  
I remember helping President Carter with his campaign back when I was a first-term Senator. I'm deeply honored to have his support today.Thank you, Mr. President.  
These young leaders represent not just the next generation, but the diversity of our great nation.  
America is an idea stronger than any army and bigger than any ocean. It’s more powerful than any dictator or tyrant. It offers hope.  
Last night, folks from across the country came together to show how much stronger we are when we stand united.  Looking forward to tonight where we'll talk about why leadership matters, and hear from my favorite  speaker, 
We're in a battle for the soul of this nation. Who we are, what we stand for, and who we want to be — it's all at stake. We've got to beat Donald Trump.Register to vote today to help us do it: 
Be a patriot. Protect your fellow citizens. Wear a mask.
Our nation was founded on a simple idea: All men—and women—are created equal.We’ve never fully lived up to it, but we won’t stop trying.As we mark the 100th anniversary of the 19th Amendment, let’s make sure we don’t wait another 100 years to fulfill that founding promise.
Donald Trump still doesn’t have a plan to get this virus under control. His failure to lead is costing American lives. Here’s what I’ll do as president:  
A good step forward. Yet President Trump continues to do everything he can to dismantle the Affordable Care Act.I will defend the rights of all Americans to have access to quality, affordable health care, free from discrimination.
 Teaching is not what I do. It's who I am.I'll be giving my convention speech tonight from my former classroom.Brandywine H…
 Did you miss night one of the  Check out some of the highlights, and join us tonight at 9pm ET as we continue c…
Tonight we saw that Americans are ready to come together, and that we the people can overcome these crises and emerge stronger than ever. Chip in to help us beat Donald Trump and set our nation on a new path.  
 As Michelle said, we’ve got to do everything we can to elect and So make sure you have a plan to…
"If we have any hope of ending this chaos, we have got to vote for Joe Biden like our lives depend on it." 
  speaking truth to power. Donald Trump is not up for the job—but is. 
"Donald Trump is the wrong president for our country. He has had more than enough time to prove that he can do the job, but he is clearly in over his head...it is what it is." 
"A president's words have the power to move markets. They can start wars or broker peace. They can summon our better angels or awaken our worst instincts. You simply cannot fake your way through this job." 
 "The future of our democracy is at stake. The future of our economy is at stake. The future of our planet is at stake. We must…
 "Together we must build a nation that is more equitable, more compassionate and more inclusive.  I know that will…
 We need an unprecedented response to the crises we face—a movement, like never before, of people who are prepared to sta…
The leaders who ran in the 2020 primary with me represent the best of America. They made me a better candidate, and they make us a better nation. I am proud to have their support. Together, we will defeat Donald Trump.  
“Out of many, Americans are one.” —  
Governor — thank you for your support and for meeting the COVID-19 crisis with the urgency it demands. The people of Michigan are lucky to have you leading the way.  
"I believe that Americans have more in common than what divides us." I couldn't agree more. What we need to do in both Alabama and Washington is to bring folks together. knows that in his core.  
If we want to build back better and deliver real change for the American people, then we've got to flip the U.S. Senate. And the path to doing so runs right through Maine. Thank you, for being with us tonight.  
No family should go through the pain that Kristin and her family have gone through.  
 thank you for your leadership and the example you’ve set for all Americans during this pandemic.  
George Floyd had a giving spirit. I see that in his family, I see that in his daughter. George Floyd should be alive today.  
Thank you, Congressman Clyburn. 
These last few months have been a wake-up call for our nation. It's up to all of us to do the work to create that more perfect union we've always strived to be. I'm proud of for tonight's powerful conversation on racial justice.  

"We are the United States of America. There's not a single thing we cannot do if we do it together."  
Thank you and the people of Milwaukee for hosting this year's Democratic National Convention. I wish we could be there to celebrate in person, but I look forward to virtually coming together with folks across the country to make history. 

"We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union"...We the people know what is at stake in this election.Join me and for the 48th Democratic National Convention.  
People from across the nation are (virtually) coming together for the start of the  Tune in at 9PM ET. 
We’re just over an hour away from night one of the I hope you’ll join me and Democrats across the country as we unite around our vision for a better America.Tune in at 9 PM ET:  
Just imagine where we would be right now if we had a president who listened to the scientists.
Secretary Esper and President Trump, it's a president's job to protect the health and safety of our troops and their families. Gutting the military health care system — no less during a global pandemic — is unacceptable. 
There are only 78 days until Election Day — and and I need your help to make Donald Trump a one-term president.Sign up today and let’s get to work: 
We may be physically apart, but this week Democrats are coming together from across the nation to put forth our vision for a better America.  in tonight at 9 PM ET to join us:  
The hard truth is that our economy wasn't working for folks long before this crisis. It's why we can't just go back to the way things were — we have to build back better. We've got to create an economy that works for everyone — not just the wealthy and well-connected.
As Attorney General of the largest state in the country, took on the big banks over mortgage fraud, and Big Oil when they wanted to pollute without consequences.She's the kind of fighter I need alongside me in the White House.
Here’s my promise to you: If I’m elected president, I will always choose to unite rather than divide. I’ll take responsibility instead of blaming others. I’ll never forget that the job isn’t about me — it’s about you.
Donald Trump and Congress need to act now to deliver the relief the American people need. 
The United States of America can be defined by one word: possibilities. There’s not a single thing we can’t achieve if we set our minds to it. 
I’m trying to get my miles in before the Secret Service stops me. 
 is smart, tough, and experienced. She knows how to govern and make the hard calls.She's ready to hit the ground running on day one.
We need nationwide mask mandates.
Mr. President, Jill and I are sad to learn of your younger brother Robert’s passing. I know the tremendous pain of losing a loved one — and I know how important family is in moments like these. I hope you know that our prayers are with you all.
We can meet the challenge of COVID-19 and turn the corner on this pandemic. We just need a president and vice president ready and willing to lead. 
 has spent her entire life fighting for what’s right — and I know she’ll continue that fight when we get to the White House. 
William Perry Pendley has no business working at and I'm happy to see his nomination to lead it withdrawn. In a Biden Administration, folks who spend their careers selling off public lands won't get anywhere near being tapped to protect them. 
This was a big week for our campaign: joined me on the ticket and we had our best fundraising week yet. Together, we are building the coalition that will beat Donald Trump.Chip in if you’re able to keep the momentum going: 
I know a thing or two about being Vice President — and I know is the best partner I could have for the fight ahead.
Come January, there won’t be any time to waste repairing the damage of the last four years and beginning the work of building back better and I are ready to get to work on day one. 
Donald Trump has had a lot of failures in his career, but he knows how to do one thing well: inherit something great and squander it. And never take any responsibility. 
 story is America's story. 
We’ve got to protect and expand Social Security — I’ll get it done as President. 
I know just how important Social Security is for countless Americans. That's why as president, I'll protect and strengthen it — not defund it.
This afternoon, and I filled out our paperwork to get on the ballot in November.Now, we're counting on you to do your part to make sure you're set to vote.Get registered today:  
The fate of Social Security is on the ballot in November. As President, I will never, ever defund Social Security. I’ll strengthen it.Anything less is a failure of a president’s most important duty: to care for the American people. 
People are losing their homes. Millions have already lost their paychecks. Our country is in crisis.The virus isn’t taking a break — Republicans shouldn’t either. The House did their job. President Trump, bring the Senate back and pass a relief bill. Now.
What kind of president tries to defund Social Security during an economic crisis? 
Voting by mail is safe and secure. And don't take my word for it:Take it from the President, who just requested his mail-in ballot for the Florida primary on Tuesday.
Today marks 85 years since the Social Security Act was signed into law, providing protection for the most vulnerable. Now we’re living in a moment where we must strengthen our commitment to Social Security — not defund it.
The choice we make this November will decide the future of America.I have no doubt is the right partner to join me to lead our nation through this moment. 
82 days. 
 is going to stand with me in this campaign — and all of us are going to stand up for her.Together, we're going to make history. 
There’s no better partner than to help me beat Donald Trump, but we can’t do it without your help.Chip in today to help us win in November: 
The hard truth is Black women still only get paid 62 cents for every dollar white men make. It's unacceptable.My administration will work to close the pay gap for Black women and create an economy where everyone gets a fair return for their work.  
I know will work every single day to make life better for all Americans and build this nation back better than before. 
I first met through my son Beau. They grew close while fighting to take on the big banks — and he had enormous respect for her and her work.There is no one’s opinion I valued more than Beau’s, and I’m proud to have Kamala standing with me on this campaign.
 and I are keeping the people of Iowa and everyone impacted by Monday's derecho in our prayers. We've got to make sure Iowans and those across the midwest get the relief they need for a quick and full recovery. 
When I was making my decision, I knew I needed someone who’s ready to help lead the nation on day one is that person. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. And if we're going to get through these crises — we need to come together and unite for a better America gets that — and I believe there's no better person to help me get the job done.
When I called yesterday to ask her to be my running mate, I wanted to make sure Jill and Doug got to say hello. You’re honorary Bidens now! 
Heather Heyer was a brave young woman who saw what was happening in her hometown of Charlottesville and decided to fight against it. Let us honor her memory by continuing to stand against hate.
Three years ago today, white supremacists descended on Charlottesville with torches in hand and hate in their hearts. Our president said they were "very fine people." It was clear then, and it's clear now: We are in a battle for the soul of our nation, and we must win.
Let's get to work, 
One of the reasons I chose is because we both believe you can define America in one simple word — possibilities.
If you’re worried about whether you’ll have a job, worried about the poisons in the air you breathe and water you drink, worried about your civil rights or even your basic dignity being under attack has had your back. Now, we have to have hers.
Working families need someone on their side...because they certainly don’t have anyone on their side with this president. That’s going to change in the Biden-Harris administration.
This morning, little girls woke up across this nation — especially Black and Brown girls who so often may feel overlooked and undervalued in our society — potentially seeing themselves in a new way: As the stuff of Presidents and Vice Presidents.
We’ve all watched in the Senate go toe-to-toe with Trump officials trying to hide the truth, asking the tough questions that need to be asked — and not stopping until she gets an answer. She’s ready to do this job.
This afternoon, and I will be speaking together for the first time since yesterday’s big announcement. Tune in: 
 🚨 TODAY AT 3:50PM: Tune in live as and — the future President and Vice President of the United States…
Whether it's taking on the big banks or pushing for marriage equality—Kamala never shies away from fighting tooth and nail for what's right. It's why I chose her to be my running mate.She'll wake up every day thinking about how to make life better for the people of our country.
As the daughter of Jamaican and Indian immigrants, grew up believing in the promise of America because she saw it firsthand.Together, Kamala and I are going to fight every single day in the White House to make sure that promise is fulfilled for all Americans.
If and I are elected, we’re going to inherit multiple crises, a nation divided, and a world in disarray. We won’t have a minute to waste. That's exactly why I picked her: She's ready to lead on day one.
 is the daughter of proud immigrants—a mother from India and a father from Jamaica—who raised her to take action.That’s exactly what this moment calls for: action. And we hope you’ll take action with us:  
Right now, America faces:  - The worst pandemic in 100 years- The worst economic crisis since the Great Depression- The most powerful calls for racial justice in a generation I need someone alongside me who's smart, tough, and ready to lead. is that person.
Thanks to supporters like you, we are on track to have our biggest fundraising day ever. Together, we can win this.Join us. 
Let’s go win this, 
 I’ve known Senator for a long time. She is more than prepared for the job. She’s spent her career defending…
  can unify the American people because he's spent his life fighting for us. And as president, he'll build an Am…
Back when Kamala was Attorney General, she worked closely with Beau. I watched as they took on the big banks, lifted up working people, and protected women and kids from abuse. I was proud then, and I'm proud now to have her as my partner in this campaign.
I have the great honor to announce that I’ve picked — a fearless fighter for the little guy, and one of the country’s finest public servants — as my running mate.
Don't forget that in the middle of this pandemic, the Trump Administration is in court trying to eliminate Obamacare and rip health insurance away from millions. It's heartless.I'll protect and build on the ACA to ensure everyone gets the care they need. 
I promise you if I'm elected, I won't waste any time getting this virus under control.I'll call Dr. Fauci and ask him to stay on. I'll bring together top experts and leaders from both parties to chart a path forward.We'll get it done, together.
This is the latest dire consequence of Donald Trump looking the other way on Beijing's repression in Hong Kong. Instead of standing for freedom and democracy, he consistently stands with Xi Jinping.I'll put American values back at the center of our foreign policy. 
Social Security is the bedrock of American retirement — giving countless Americans peace of mind and the ability to retire with dignity. I've been fighting to protect and expand the program throughout my career — and I'll continue that fight as president.
Folks, we need to listen to our frontline heroes. Wear a mask. It’s not just about you. It’s about keeping your family, neighbors, and fellow citizens safe. 
Bristol Bay is no place for a mine — our administration decided that in 2014. We're only discussing it today because Donald Trump's EPA reversed course hours after a closed-door meeting with the mining company's CEO. 
Donald Trump said that if he’s re-elected, he’ll defund Social Security.We can't let that happen.
President Trump keeps attacking the U.S. Postal Service, and now hundreds of thousands of veterans aren't getting their life-saving medications on time. It's despicable.I promise you that as president, I will never put politics over the care of our nation's veterans. 
Donald Trump’s surrender to the pandemic has led to a resurgence of the virus and more economic pain and anxiety for millions of Americans. After six months of a nation in crisis, he still has no plan to get us through. But I do: 
To the millions of Americans struggling to get by right now — those who can't find a job or pay the bills: I want you to know that I see you, and I won't forget you — and I'm going to fight every day in the White House to build an economy that works for you.
Every single eligible American should have the opportunity to vote-by-mail this November. If it's good enough for Donald Trump — then it's good enough for you and me.
We can’t let Donald Trump destroy the U.S. Postal Service.
It's been six years since Michael Brown's life was taken in Ferguson — reigniting a movement. We must continue the work of tackling systemic racism and reforming policing.
Our planet can’t take four more years of Donald Trump. We have to get him out of the White House so we can start treating the climate crisis like the urgent threat it is.
 We seriously can’t wait to see who’s going to join  Text FIRST to 30330 to be the first to know when makes…
Giving the Trump administration another four years in office would have catastrophic implications for future generations. His victory would threaten the future of our democracy, and we must vote him out this November. 
The United States just passed 5 million reported infections of COVID-19. It’s a number that boggles the mind and breaks the heart. Each time the number goes up, it represents a life altered, a family stricken with anxiety, a community on edge. It shouldn’t have gotten this bad.
Today, Donald Trump stated that if re-elected, he'll undermine the entire financial footing of Social Security.Our seniors and millions of Americans with disabilities are under enough stress without their hard-earned Social Security benefits in doubt. 
Donald Trump has refused to take serious action to combat the COVID-19 crisis. And as a result, he got what he’s always wanted — the U.S. isolated from the rest of the world. 
It’s an important choice, and I want you to be one of the first to know who I’ve picked as my running mate – text FIRST to 30330 to get notified when I’ve made my decision.
Between the coronavirus and the economic crisis, this is a tough time for our country, I know. But I firmly believe that our best days still lie ahead. Together, we will climb out of these crises and emerge stronger than before.
The fact is, Donald Trump left our nation unprepared and unprotected for the worst public health crisis of our lifetime — and we're paying the price every single day. 
Our nation is desperate for leadership — leadership that can unite us and steer us through these crises. But at the most critical moment of his presidency, Donald Trump has nothing to offer.
No President can promise to prevent future outbreaks. But I'll promise you this: when I'm President we will prepare better, respond better, and recover better.
Over the last century, America has defined itself by rising to meet existential challenges — and we have that opportunity once again. But we can’t just build back to the way things were before, we have to build back better.Here’s my plan for how we’ll do it: 
John Lewis will be remembered as a moral giant who dedicated his life to creating a more just, equal, and moral America.Donald Trump will not. 
I can’t believe I have to say this, but we can’t let Donald Trump open up the Grand Canyon for uranium mining.
I believe every American deserves a fair shot at success — not just the Mar-a-Lago crowd. That’s why as president, I’ll reverse Donald Trump’s giant tax giveaways to the super-wealthy and big corporations, and build an economy that works for everyone.
It didn't have to be this bad. 
Here’s the truth—Donald Trump turned his back on the middle class long before COVID-19. He cut taxes for the super-wealthy, drove U.S. manufacturing into a recession, and stacked the deck against hardworking Americans.It's time we pick a different path. 
Make no mistake: This economic crisis is due to President Trump’s failure to get this virus under control. 
While I am grateful for the people who got their jobs back, my heart goes out to the more than 16 million Americans still out of work. The truth is it didn't have to be this bad, but Donald Trump failed to act. He's the one person who should lose his job. 
The truth is that President Trump could have acted months ago to curb this pandemic—it's obvious he still hasn’t learned his lesson. He continues to ignore the warnings of health experts and we're all paying the price. 
Here’s how COVID-19 affected Arizonans under the Trump—Ducey model:- An infection rate—still—of nearly 20%- The fifth-highest number of current hospitalizations in the country- More than 4,000 deaths from COVID-19- More than 183,000 cases- Lengthy delays in test results
Gov. Ducey is rushing reopening without adequate testing and contact tracing.He’s withholding support for increased testing and making local leaders plead for it.He’s refusing to implement a mask mandate and turning his back on older Americans and those at greater risk.
President Trump called Arizona “a model for applying a science-based approach to the decreasing cases and hospitalizations without implementing a punishing lockdown.” He said Governor Ducey’s approach should be used by other states—but here’s what’s really happening in Arizona:
My commitment to you is this: I will always listen, I will never stop fighting for the African American community and I will never stop fighting for a more equitable future.
Throughout my career I've witnessed the diversity of thought, background, and sentiment within the African American community. It's this diversity that makes our workplaces, communities, and country a better place.
Earlier today, I made some comments about diversity in the African American and Latino communities that I want to clarify. In no way did I mean to suggest the African American community is a monolith—not by identity, not on issues, not at all.
I believe that the right to vote is the most fundamental American right there is. To protect it, we’ve got to:- Pass the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Act- Enact automatic and same-day voter registration- Stand up to Republican voter suppression efforts
John Lewis left us with marching orders. It’s up to all of us to carry them out:  
Every moment with your loved ones is precious. I know that in my core because I’ve learned it through loss. It's why as president, I'm going to do everything I can to get this virus under control and get our lives back to normal as soon as we can. 
Let me be clear: Voting is a right — not a privilege. Anyone who tells you otherwise can’t be trusted to hold the highest office in this land.
The fight for civil rights is what drove me to get involved in politics in the first place. It's why I fought for and helped secure a 25-year extension of the Voting Rights Act. And it's why as president, I'll immediately sign the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Act into law. 
55 years ago today, the Voting Rights Act was signed into law — bringing us one step closer to that more perfect union. As we mark its anniversary, we’ve got to continue our fight to restore the VRA and protect the sacred right to vote.
The scenes of death and destruction from Hiroshima and Nagasaki still horrify us 75 years later. They reach through history to remind us of the hideous damage nuclear weapons can inflict—and our collective responsibility to ensure they're never again used. 
If I'm elected president, our students and educators will have all the tools and resources they need to succeed and get through COVID-19. 
Donald Trump promised to bring back jobs, but his policies crushed the manufacturing sector—and that was true even before COVID-19.I’ll revitalize American manufacturing and innovation and create millions of good-paying jobs so we can build back better. 
Growing up in Scranton, I learned the importance of hard work, treating others with dignity and respect, and leaving no one behind. Those values have guided my entire life — and they're the values I'll bring back to the White House. 
Folks, a lot of you have been asking when I’m announcing my running mate, and I promise I’ll let you know soon. But here’s what I can tell you right now: I’m going to tell my supporters first — so text FIRST to 30330 to be the first to know.
I don’t buy for one second that the vitality of American manufacturing is a thing of the past. As president, I'll make bold investments in American manufacturing, industry, and innovation to make sure the future is made in America — by all of America. 
There's been a lot of talk about my vetting process lately. Here’s an inside look: 
Weapons of war have no place in our communities. When I was a senator, I took on the and secured a 10-year ban on assault weapons — and as president, I’ll ban these weapons again. 
Eight years ago, a white supremacist targeted a Sikh temple in Oak Creek, WI — ultimately taking seven lives in an unspeakable act of terror. To truly honor those we lost, it's up to all of us to stand up to bigotry in our lives, give hate no safe harbor, and reduce gun violence.
I truly believe that we can revitalize American manufacturing and create a better economy at the same time. I want to build an economy that brings everyone along — one that works for the middle class, not just the wealthy and well-connected. 
The truth of the matter is, Donald Trump inherited a growing economy from President Obama and me. And just like everything else he inherited in his life, he squandered it. 
From day one, Donald Trump downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed, ignored scientists, and refused to take action. Now, nearly 5 million cases and more than 150,000 deaths later, it's crystal clear we're paying the price for his failed leadership.
On day one, I’ll send a bill to Congress creating a clear roadmap to citizenship for Dreamers and the 11 million undocumented people already strengthening our nation. It’s long overdue. 
Our hearts and prayers are with the people of Lebanon, and the victims of the horrific explosion in Beirut. I urge both the Trump Administration and international community to immediately mobilize assistance to the thousands injured in the blast.
Thousands of Americans are dying every week. The President's response?"It is what it is." 
I’ll get to work on day one enacting the changes needed to help the Latino community thrive.Read my full plan here:  
Happy birthday to my brother and friend, Serving alongside you for eight years was the greatest honor of my life — and I'm grateful to have you by my side for these next 91 days. 
We can’t just build back to the way things were before these crises. We have to build a more inclusive, equitable future for all.Here’s how we’ll do it:  
The Latino community is bearing disproportionate harm from this pandemic. But even before, many Latino families were already struggling. We've got to do better. That's why today, I'm releasing my new agenda for the Latino community: 
As president, I’ll take on the powerful gun lobby to pass universal background checks, ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines, and close loopholes to keep guns out of dangerous hands. We can and will end our gun violence epidemic.
One year ago, just hours after the massacre in El Paso, nine precious lives were cut short in Dayton. In the wake of the tragedies, Donald Trump promised the most modest of gun safety policies, then caved to the and failed to deliver.
On July 1st, Donald Trump predicted the coronavirus was going to "just disappear."He was wrong — and more than 25,000 Americans died due to the virus last month.Mr. President, step up and do your job before even more American families feel the pain of losing a loved one.
When we spend taxpayer money, we should use it to buy American products and support American jobs. Period.We’re going to make sure the future is made in America — by all of America: 
Not a joke, folks.Get yours today:  
Every American should be able to safely make their voice heard this November. We need to:- Expand vote-by-mail and early voting- Implement online voter registration- Make it safe and easy to vote in-person
Jill and I mourn the loss of the nine service members who perished in a training accident off the coast of California. These brave young men made the ultimate sacrifice in service to their fellow Americans. Our deepest condolences go out to their families.
John Hume committed his life to the principles of nonviolence, and through his faith, statesmanship, and perseverance, he helped bring Northern Ireland through the Troubles to a better tomorrow. Jill and I send our condolences to the entire Hume family. 
In the days that followed the El Paso shooting, I said Americans have to come together, stand against hate, and leave nobody behind.That charge feels more important than ever. This is our fight — and together, we will win. 
It's hard to believe this has to be said, but if I'm elected president, I’ll spend my Monday mornings working with our nation’s top experts to control this virus — not insulting them on Twitter. 
This is a moment to summon the purpose we felt one year ago after El Paso. A moment to recommit to the battle for the soul of this nation. A battle against white supremacy, hatred, and gun violence.It won't be easy — but it's a battle we must win.
One year ago, a white supremacist armed with a semi-automatic rifle targeted the people of El Paso. He thought his hatred of Latinos and immigrants would prove more powerful than the culture and vibrancy of the community.He was wrong. 
Folks, there's simply too much at stake this November for anyone to sit on the sidelines. Register to vote today — and then reach out to five friends and get them registered as well. 
Welcome home, Bob and Doug! The first American splashdown in 45 years was executed with precision, and is truly a victory for American innovation and persistence. Congratulations to everyone involved on a successful conclusion to this historic mission. 
Join us as we host a roundtable with Congresswoman Veronica Escobar to commemorate the anniversary of the El Paso Massacre: 
It’s not enough to just go back to the way things were before these crises — we need to build back better than ever. We have to create a new American economy where everyone gets a fair return for their work and an equal chance to get ahead.
Now more than ever, we need a president who believes in science.
This pandemic has put a bright light on the disparities that have plagued our nation for too long. We’ve got to make sure these communities get the help they need now — and root out the systemic racism that created these inequalities in the first place. 
Enhanced unemployment benefits expired for millions overnight.We don’t have an effective nationwide testing program or a plan to control the virus.Our health care workers still don’t have enough PPE.Enough with the weekend golf trips, Mr. President. Do your job.
Rent is due today.Donald Trump abdicated his responsibility to lead us out of this COVID-19 crisis—and we now face a potential housing crisis because of it.Mr. President: Act now to make sure Americans don't have to choose between a roof over their heads or food on the table. 
You have enough on your plate — you shouldn't also have to worry about the president making things even tougher for you. 
If we give Donald Trump four more years in the White House, he will forever alter the character of this nation.We can’t let that happen.
To the millions of people who get up every single day and make this country run: I see you, and I promise I will never stop fighting for you. You are the backbone of America. 
Ordinary people doing extraordinary things. That's the story of America — and it's being written every day by folks like Dr. who fought the Ebola outbreak and now COVID-19. and I called to thank him for his service and discuss the moment we're in. 
Folks, we’re just a few hours away from our critical end-of-month fundraising deadline. We need everyone to step up so we can hit our goal and make sure we can go toe-to-toe with President Trump.If you're able, please chip in today: 
Jill and I are keeping everyone in the path of Hurricane Isaias in our prayers. We must ensure that our fellow Americans, in Puerto Rico and across the East Coast, get the support they need. Please heed the warnings from authorities, take steps to prepare, and stay safe. 
Together, we're going to make sure the future is made in America — by all of America. 
Grassroots donations are the backbone of our campaign — and we want to thank you for all your help. So tonight, Senator and I are hosting an event that you won’t want to miss.Chip in to reserve your spot:  
We’re facing some of the biggest challenges in our history — and it’s abundantly clear Donald Trump just isn’t up for the job.We need real leadership — and we need it now.
It’s been over six months since the first confirmed case of COVID-19 in the United States, and President Trump still doesn't have an effective plan to contain its spread. It's an unjustifiable failure of leadership that costs lives every day.
 and I wish all our Muslim friends and neighbors a blessed  May your sacrifices on this day be accepted and strengthen you during these challenging times. Eid Mubarak!
Human trafficking is an unconscionable attack on the dignity of the most vulnerable among us. Action can’t wait — on this World Day Against Trafficking in Persons, we’ve got to join together and commit to ending trafficking.  
You won't have to worry about my tweets when I'm president.
Bill Barr is the Attorney General of the United States — not the president's private attorney. 
55 years ago today, Medicare and Medicaid were signed into law. And ever since, they've extended lives, enhanced liberty, and put the pursuit of happiness within reach for millions.I'll protect and expand these programs for generations to come. 
Throughout his life, John Lewis taught us that while the journey toward equality is not easy, we must be unafraid and never cower and never, ever give up.It's up to all of us to carry on his mission. 
It’s time Senate Republicans back their effusive praise of John Lewis with action. Pass the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Act.
Even after his passing, John Lewis reminds us that the most powerful symbol of what it means to be an American is what we do with the time we have to make real the promise of our nation.May his words guide us as we march on toward November. 
The last three months were the worst period for economic growth our nation has experienced in the 70 years since we started measuring it — a drop of nearly 33 percent.Let's be clear: This is no act of God, it's a failure of presidential leadership. 
I'm the proud husband of a teacher. I've seen firsthand how difficult the job can be in normal times — let alone in the middle of a pandemic. So when I heard Beth's story, I knew and I had to give her a call. 
Donald Trump's instinct to constantly add fuel to the fire is the last thing our country needs right now.We need leadership that will calm the waters and lower the temperature. 
We need a president who will bring us together instead of tearing us apart and who will enforce the law faithfully rather than put his own political interests first. 
Folks, I'm excited to share that Senator and I are hosting a grassroots fundraiser this Friday — and you're invited. We're going to chat about what's at stake this November and even answer a few of your questions.Chip in any amount to join us:  
Donald Trump has shown that he can’t beat the pandemic or turn the economy around. And he is unsurprisingly stoking the flames of division for political gain.He is the worst possible person to lead our nation through this moment. 
My heart goes out to Jessica and the countless others across the nation who have lost a loved one due to COVID-19. Behind every number we see in the news is a family and community that will never again be whole — and we can't forget that. 
Congratulations to California Child Care Providers United on a successful election. As president, I'll make it easier for child care workers to unionize — and I’ll provide resources so they earn higher wages while also making care more affordable.  
We need an effective, coordinated nationwide testing and tracing program. We need more PPE for health care workers. We need a comprehensive plan to get this virus under control.We need this president to do his job.
I have no illusions about how tough the road ahead is. But I’m optimistic for one reason above all others: I know the history and the heart of this country.There is nothing we're unable to achieve when we do it together.
Listen to the scientists: Wear a mask. 
Donald Trump voted by mail. You should be able to as well.
Small business ownership is one of our country's cornerstones for wealth building and job creation. But Black and Brown entrepreneurs face far too many barriers to ownership, growth, and success.I've got a plan to change that:  
America has never lived up to our founding promise — and we can’t rest until we finally do. My new plan will advance racial equity across the American economy and bring us closer to reaching our highest ideals:  
My housing plan will give a $15,000 tax credit to first-time home-buyers, expand affordable housing, and reverse President Trump’s efforts to gut fair housing enforcement.We're going to remove the barriers to homeownership that hold back too many Americans of color.
To support more Black and Brown small businesses, my administration will launch a new Small Business Opportunity Initiative. We're going to make sure that those with the best ideas are not denied the venture capital or financing they need because of their race or zip code.
In good times, communities of color still lag. In bad times, they get hit first and the hardest. And in recovery, they take the longest to bounce back.We have to break the cycle, and I’ve got a plan to do it: 
This election is not just about voting against Donald Trump. It’s about rising to this moment of crisis, understanding people’s struggle, and building a future worthy of their courage and ambition to overcome.
A change of “tone” over a few days does not change the facts of the last four years.Donald Trump fails the basic threshold test of being president: the duty to care about the entire country, not just his re-election prospects.
The Senate and this President should pass the bill to restore the Voting Rights Act — renamed yesterday in memory of John Lewis.If they don’t, it will be one of the first things I do as president.
I'm in Wilmington, Delaware, to unveil the fourth plank of my Build Back Better plan. Tune in as I discuss what my administration will do to advance racial equity in our economy: 
In this moment, we have the chance to build an economy where everyone gets a fair return for their work and an equal chance to get ahead. One more vibrant and more powerful because everyone is in on the deal.Here's how we'll do it:  
We can't build this nation back better without tackling the systemic racism and disparities that have plagued our country for far too long. That's why today, I'm releasing my new plan to advance racial economic equity across the American economy. 
Our students and educators deserve better than four more years of Betsy DeVos. It’s time for a Secretary of Education who is actually a public school educator. 
John — march on, dear friend. May God bless you. And may you continue to inspire righteous good trouble down from the Heavens. 
Tonight, Jill and I are thinking about the 150,000 families left emptier by this virus.To anyone who’s struggling, sick, or wondering how they’ll get through the day: know that I will not abandon you. We’ll fight through this crisis together, and emerge stronger than ever.
Arianna’s a supporter of our campaign who’s been organizing food drives for her community during the COVID crisis. My team told me about her work, so and I decided to surprise her with a call. 
The development of a new vaccine requires a dedication to science, coordination, transparency, truth, and fairness to all — and we have a President who stands for none of these things. 
These policies aren’t just the right thing to do — they’re also the smart thing to do for the future of our country. 
Women-owned small businesses like Marsh + Mane are the backbone of communities across the nation. We have got to do more to invest in and support them.Here's what I'll do as president:  
 In 99 days, we have the chance to change the course of history by replacing Donald Trump with a compassionate leader who knows t…
The hard truth is women — and particularly women of color — have never had a fair shot to get ahead in this country. That's why today, I'm releasing my plan to make sure women can fully participate in our economy and country. 
The hard truth is this pandemic didn’t have to be this bad. Ron Klain, former White House Ebola Response Coordinator, breaks down what a Biden administration would have done differently and what we would do now to get this virus under control: 
 We have just 100 DAYS until Election Day, and we need all hands on deck for this final stretch. So today, we’re kicking off 10…
In 100 days, we’re going to make Donald Trump a one-term president. 
Women have decided the course of history with grit, clarity, and courage. This election is no different.We have just 100 days to get out the vote, unite the country, and vote Donald Trump out of the White House.Join us, and let's get to work:  
Thirty years on, we still have work to do to realize the full aspiration of the Americans with Disabilities Act. We need to ensure that every American has the chance to live independently and free from discriminatory systems and practices.  
Folks, we have just 100 days until Election Day. Now, more than ever, we have to do everything we can to make Donald Trump a one-term president.Register to vote: Donate: Volunteer: Let’s get to work. 
In 100 days, we have the chance to set our nation on a new path. One where we finally live up to our highest ideals and everyone has a fair shot at success.Join us:  
100 days.
As Hurricane Hanna makes landfall, Jill and I are sending our prayers to the people of South Texas. We must ensure that affected residents get the support they need — and get it quickly. If you are in an impacted region, please heed the advice of local officials and seek shelter.
I know firsthand how hard it can be to take care of an aging family member. It's why as president, I'll ease the financial burden on families and expand access to dignified care for older Americans. 
No one should have to work more than one job to make ends meet. We have to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour and build an inclusive middle class that brings everyone along.
There is no quit in America — and you deserve a president who won’t quit on you.
President Trump ordered his administration to slow down coronavirus testing, he tried to block CDC funding, and he has ignored the experts from day one. His actions defy both logic and humanity. What kind of president actively undercuts efforts that will save lives?
Every American family deserves access to affordable, high-quality child care.Here's how I'll make that happen:  
 🚨 Sunday marks 100 days until Election Day 🚨To kick off the final stretch, we’re hosting a  It will be…
I know times are tough, but I want you to know you're not alone. We're all in this fight together. And together, we'll emerge stronger than before.
The President has a duty to care for us all. To see people where they are and to understand what they’re going through.I’ve been a single parent. Even though I had a lot more support than a lot of folks going through tough times, I know how hard it is. 
This is the United States of America. We don’t settle — we aspire.Let’s get to work.
The hard truth is that we can't just build back to the way things were before these crises — we have to build back better.President and I discussed how we can do that, and much more: 
Our nation is at a crossroads. We can choose four more years of Donald Trump’s divisive politics and failed leadership — or we can forge a new path forward. 
Home care workers and child care workers — who are more often women, women of color, and immigrants — have been underpaid, unseen, and undervalued for far too long.That will change with my administration: 
Donald Trump’s own staff admits that he fails the most important test of being the American President: the duty to care — for you, for all of us. 
We need a president who listens to someone other than himself.
This was preventable. 
Out of every trial and tribulation, we've always emerged stronger as a nation — and we will again. If we come together, there is not a single thing we cannot accomplish. 
Hey here’s to hoping we both win big this fall. Stay safe.  
COVID-19 infections are going up.The number of deaths is going up. This morning it was announced that, once again, the number of unemployment claims is going up. Donald Trump is moving us backwards. The American people are paying the price.
Care jobs are ready to be filled right now, allowing millions of people — primarily women — to get back to work immediately.It's the right thing to do for our families and our essential workers — and it's the smart thing to do for our economy. 
Folks, I sat down with my friend President to discuss the significant moment we're in, who we are as a nation, and how we can build back better.   Watch our full conversation: 
Every day I hear from folks who tell me how important health care is to their families — well, it's deeply personal for President and me, too. I'll fight to protect and build on Obamacare and make sure everyone gets the care they need.Watch our conversation: 
Let me be clear: If vote-by-mail is good enough for Donald Trump and his administration, then it's good enough for all of us. 
I know everything feels different right now. There’s just that feeling where you don’t know if everything will be okay. But I promise you that it can be and it will be. 
Today, the House passed the  because no one should be discriminated against or singled out based on the faith they practice. I will end President Trump's Muslim Ban on day one and sign this bill into law.
My plan to create a 21st century care and early childhood education workforce will put 3 million Americans to work — and free up millions more people to join the paid labor force.It's a fresh, bold approach that will help us recover faster and stronger. 
The goal of the Census is clear: count every person. But Donald Trump continues to use this vital process to sow division and scare immigrant communities.We won't let him deny communities the funding and representation they deserve. Because in America, everyone counts. 
The words of a president matter. And from the moment President Trump came down that escalator, he has used his to degrade people and sow division. It's not who we are.Watch my full conversation with President tomorrow at 10 AM ET. 
Today, we're facing a serious threat — and we have to meet it together as one country. It's up to all of us to do everything we can to keep our fellow Americans safe and healthy. 
44 + 467.23.20 
10 years ago the Obama-Biden Administration signed Wall Street reform to prevent the abuse that led to the Great Recession. Donald Trump and the Republicans have tried to tear it down ever since. As president, I'll protect it so we can rebuild an economy that works for everyone.
For your family, for your neighbors, for your country — wear a mask.
Happy Birthday, Congressman Clyburn! Your powerful voice of moral clarity never fails to steer us toward a better future — and reminds us all of why we're in public service in the first place. I’m grateful for your leadership and honored to call you a friend. 
Let me say what President Trump won't: Russian interference in our elections is a violation of our sovereignty. And if I’m president, I’ll respond accordingly. 
Home health workers do God’s work, but aren’t paid much. They have few benefits, and 40% are still on SNAP or Medicaid. It's unacceptable.I'll give caregivers and early childhood educators a much-needed raise.
We need to make high-quality child care affordable and accessible. As president, I'll give every 3- and 4-year-old access to free, high-quality preschool. And low- to middle-income families won’t spend more than 7% of their income on quality care for children under age 5.
We are trapped in a caregiving crisis, within an economic crisis, within a public health crisis. You’re doing everything you can, but this president is not.If I’m your president, here’s what I would do: 
Donald Trump simply doesn’t understand: We can’t deal with our economic crisis without solving the public health crisis. And for all his bluster about his expertise on the economy, he is unable to explain how he will actually help the working families hit the hardest.
We have to mobilize a 21st century care and early childhood education workforce to deal with the caregiving crisis in our nation. Today, I'm delivering remarks about how we're going to get it done. Tune in: 
Today, I’m releasing my plan to mobilize a 21st century care and early childhood education workforce.It will ease the financial burden of care for families, create good-paying jobs with good benefits, and treat workers with the dignity they deserve. 
In honor of John Lewis, C.T. Vivian, and all the essential workers who have selflessly risked their lives, the Senate should pass a bill that ensures working people get real relief — extended unemployment insurance, rental support, and guaranteed sick leave. 
Folks, it may be hard to believe, but we have just over 100 days until Election Day. I know we can beat Donald Trump and build this nation back better than before — but we need your help to do it.If you're able, please chip in today: 
Small manufacturers like McGregor Industries demonstrate the resilience, creativity, and staying-power of America’s industrial base.Together we're going to make sure the future is made in America — by all of America. 
Today, I am putting the Kremlin and other foreign governments on notice: If elected president, I will direct my administration to impose substantial and lasting costs on those who interfere with American elections. 
We're paying the price for this president's incompetence every single day. 
President Trump asked to see the COVID death chart. here you go. 
Every day it becomes clearer: We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Who we are. What we believe. Who we want to be. It’s all at stake.We have to vote Donald Trump out this November.
Imagine the future we can create with Donald Trump out of the White House. A future where we:- Tackle the climate crisis- Build a new American economy- End our gun violence epidemic- Ensure our government works for all, not just the wealthy few
In this moment of crisis, we have the chance to build a new American economy. One where everyone gets a fair return for their work and an equal chance to get ahead.Together, we'll get it done.
Every day is National Ice Cream Day in my book. 
Mr. President, your ignorance isn’t a virtue or a sign of your strength — it’s undercutting our response to this unprecedented crisis at every turn and it’s costing Americans their jobs and their lives. 
The hard truth is that it didn’t have to be this bad, but Donald Trump ignored the experts and refused to take action. He has failed our nation. 
 Throughout his public service career, has been there when so many of us have needed him. We want to know your 
Now more than ever, we need a president who will choose hope over fear.
Banning the Confederate flag from military installations was long overdue. Banning the LGBTQ Pride flag — the very symbol of diversity and inclusion — is undeniably wrong. The Pentagon should ensure it is authorized, or as President, I will.  
I know of no man with more courage than John Lewis. He was a giant walking among us. When I saw him, I couldn’t help but think one thing: “I haven’t done enough.” May his life and legacy inspire every one of us to strive for justice, equality and what is right. 
My full statement: 
We are made in the image of God, and then there is John Lewis. He was truly one-of-a-kind, a moral compass who always knew where to point us and which direction to march. To John’s family, friends, staff, and constituents, Jill and I send you our love and prayers.
As President, I will see to it that America once again stands for human rights. That doesn't mean rights only for some, but rights for all — each and every American, and every person, everywhere. No exceptions. 
Today, we lost a giant of the civil rights movement and a relentless champion in the struggle for justice. Reverend C.T. Vivian never stopped pushing our nation closer to our highest ideals — and we are better because of it. Jill and I are keeping his loved ones in our prayers. 
Eleven. That's how many times we've broken the single-day record for new COVID-19 cases in the last month.This virus isn't going to "just disappear" like President Trump wants. It's surging — and we need real leadership from this White House to slow its spread.
I’ve released 21 years of my tax returns — why hasn’t Donald Trump?We deserve to know what this president is hiding.
Everyone wants our schools to reopen. The question is how to make it safe and how to make it stick. Forcing educators and students back into classrooms in areas where infection rates are going up or remaining too high is just plain dangerous. 
We have to make the places we live, work, and learn healthier and more energy-efficient. That's why my administration will upgrade 4 million buildings and weatherize 2 million homes across the country — creating over one million jobs in the process. 
No matter who you supported in 2016, I want you to know that you have a home in our campaign. You’re not just wanted — you’re needed.Together, we're going to beat Donald Trump and build this nation back better than it was before. 
We have the power to write the future we want for our country. Don't let anyone tell you differently.
President Obama and I left a playbook for President Trump on how to fight pandemics. He flat-out ignored it. And we're all paying the price every day.
From day one, Donald Trump has been focused on the stock market and delivering for his wealthy friends and big corporations.As president, I will be laser-focused on working families and small businesses. 
Let's call this what it is: A modern-day poll tax. It's unconscionable.We need to restore voting rights for individuals formerly incarcerated for felonies — and ensure everyone can make their voice heard at the ballot box. 
We are months into this crisis, and our health care workers are still being forced to reuse masks. It’s unacceptable.Mr. President, fix the PPE shortages before you tee off for yet another round of golf.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again: Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through a public health crisis. 
I don’t have Bitcoin, and I’ll never ask you to send me any.But if you want to chip in to help make Donald Trump a one-term President, you can do that here: 
Meeting the threat of climate change presents a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to jolt new life into our economy. We're going to create millions of high-quality, union jobs by building a modern infrastructure and a clean energy future. 
There is no time to waste when it comes to addressing the existential threat of climate change. If I have the honor of being elected president, we'll get to work delivering results on day one. 
President Trump needs to do everything in his power to surge nationwide testing — including developing and evaluating more accurate, affordable, accessible, faster tests so we can reopen safely.Infection rates are rising at an alarming pace. Mr. President, act now.
Mr. President, “Open everything now,” isn’t a strategy for success. It’s barely a slogan. It’s long past time for you to step up and do your job.
This pandemic has gotten bad enough that even Donald Trump finally decided to wear a mask in public.I’m glad he made that shift — but it’s not enough.We need real presidential leadership. Right now. 
We're facing an economic crisis and a climate crisis.  As president, I'll create millions of jobs building resilient roads and bridges, manufacturing electric vehicles, and weatherizing homes and buildings. Learn more:  
When I hear the words climate change, I hear the word "jobs." Good paying, union jobs that will solve our jobs crisis while addressing our climate crisis. 
Climate change is the challenge that's going to define our American future. And if I have the honor of being elected President, we won't tinker around the edges, we’ll seize this opportunity and meet this moment in history.
 We want a president that’s going to prioritize infrastructure and clean energy. Joe Biden will transform our roads and bridg…
When Donald Trump thinks about climate change, all he can muster is one word: “hoax.” When I think about climate change, I think of a word as well: “jobs.” Good-paying, union jobs that put Americans to work. 
Every few weeks when he needs a distraction from the latest charge of corruption in his staff — or the conviction of high ranking members of his administration — Donald Trump announces it’s “Infrastructure Week.”He's never delivered. I know how to get it done.
We can’t just build things back to the way they were — we’ve got to build America back better. Tune in as I deliver remarks on how we're going to invest in infrastructure and clean energy and create millions of jobs in the process: 
I want every single American to know: If you're sick, struggling, or worried about how you're going to get through the day, I will not abandon you.We're all in this together. And together, we'll emerge stronger than before. 
We shouldn't have to beg this president to listen to the experts.
The hard truth is it didn't have to be this bad. But Donald Trump has squandered every chance he's had to contain the spread of this virus. 
America can’t sit on the sidelines in the race for the future. My administration will invest $300 billion in research and development over four years to secure our global leadership and create millions of good-paying jobs. 
"We're leading the world." 
Donald Trump needs to spend less time playing golf and more time listening to experts like Dr. Fauci.
In January, I sounded the alarm regarding COVID-19. Over five months later, President Trump still hasn't taken the action needed to respond to the virus. It's unacceptable.This president has failed the American people every step of the way. 
The stakes couldn't be higher this November. Time and time again, Donald Trump has failed the people of Puerto Rico.As President, I'll spur economic development on the island and expand access to health care.
Together, we're going to build a new American economy:  
It's hard to believe this has to be said, but unlike this president, I'll actually listen to the experts and heed their advice. Not silence them. 
Mohamed Amashah is finally home after 486 days in Egyptian prison for holding a protest sign. Arresting, torturing, and exiling activists like Sarah Hegazy and Mohamed Soltan or threatening their families is unacceptable. No more blank checks for Trump’s "favorite dictator." 
Ignore the polls.We’ve got work to do:  
Health care is personal to me. And as president, I'll do everything I can to make sure every American has access to the care they need. 
We need a president who will always choose to unite rather than divide, because there’s nothing we can’t accomplish when we do it together.
To all the nurses on the frontlines of this fight, thank you. You are American heroes. 
Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through this moment.We need real leadership, right now. Lives are at stake. 
Back in January, when President Trump signed his hollow "phase one" trade deal with Beijing, I made clear that no one should be fooled by Trump's empty promises to deliver a meaningful “phase two" deal.Good to see that he's finally admitting I was right. 
I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again: Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history. Every day that he remains in office, he further threatens the future of our democracy.We have to vote him out this November. 
I have no illusion about how tough the road ahead is. But I’m optimistic for one reason above all others: I know the history and the heart of this country.Given a chance, ordinary Americans can do extraordinary things. 
This was almost two months ago. Since then? Tens of thousands more lives lost. A million and a half new cases.The President? Still golfing. 
The United States has over 3 million cases of COVID-19, and over 130,000 people have died — yet Donald Trump continues to say it will just "fade away." It’s unbelievable.We're paying the price for this president's incompetence every single day.
I see a different America than President Trump. One that, despite all our flaws and shortcomings and failings, is still after more than two centuries dedicated to equality, liberty, human dignity, and justice.I know we can reach our highest ideals — together.
Still true. 
 Music unites us. 🎧We’re excited to be launching our new Spotify playlist, Get Up, Stand Up: Songs for the Soul of America, i…
Determination. Resilience. Grit. The strength to get up no matter how many times you’ve been knocked down. Respect for hard work, and for the people who do it. Those are the values I learned growing up in Scranton — and they're the values I’ll take to the Oval Office.
This is what “America First” looks like under President Trump: 
Through every trial and tribulation, we've always emerged stronger — and we will again.
Let’s use this opportunity to make bold investments in American industry and innovation so the future is made in America — and in all of America. 
Here's my promise to you: If I have the honor of being elected president, I will take care of your family like I would my own. 
The American people deserve to know what Donald Trump is hiding in his tax returns.
We can't just build back to the way things were before these crises — we have to build back better.
This is our moment to imagine and build a new American economy — one where everyone gets a fair return for their work and an equal chance to get ahead. 
I do not buy for one second that the vitality of American manufacturing is a thing of the past. American manufacturing was the Arsenal of Democracy in World War II, and must be part of the engine of American prosperity now.
We can't just focus on the jobs of today — we have to also focus on the jobs and industries of tomorrow. I'll make a historic $300 billion investment in research and development that will spur innovation and help create 3 million jobs across the nation. 
American workers can out-compete anyone, but they need a government that fights for them. I'll revitalize American manufacturing — especially smaller manufacturers and those owned by women and people of color — and ensure the future is made here in America. 
When we spend taxpayer money, we should use it to buy American products ; support American jobs.But under Trump, the rate of federal contractors offshoring jobs more than doubled. It's unacceptable.I'll invest $400 billion in American-made products ; keep jobs here at home. 
I'm in Dunmore, Pennsylvania, to discuss my plan to create jobs, raise wages, and help America build back better. Tune in to watch: 
We're in the middle of an economic crisis. But it's not enough to just turn things around — we have to build back better. We have to revitalize American manufacturing and make sure the future is made in America — by all of America.Here's how we'll do it:  
The future must be made in America — by all of America. Here's how we'll do it:  
As I was saying. 
Four years of Betsy DeVos is more than enough. We need a Secretary of Education who is actually a public school educator.
I commend the Task Forces for their service and for helping build a bold, transformative platform for our party and for our country. And I am deeply grateful to for working with us to unite our party and deliver real, lasting change for generations to come. 
Increased testing isn’t the reason for the surge in coronavirus cases — Donald Trump's failed leadership is. 
Trump launched his 2016 campaign by calling Mexicans rapists.He's spread racism against our Latino community ever since.We need to work in partnership with Mexico.We need to restore dignity and humanity to our immigration system.That's what I'll do as President.
Let me be clear: No one should be forced out of their home in the middle of a pandemic because they can’t pay rent. 
When there were 15 cases, the President said it wouldn't spread any farther. We just hit our 3 millionth case.We're paying for his failure. 
 — The courage you show every day is an inspiration to so many, and I'm grateful to have you by my side in this fight. We may not agree on everything, but this we do: Health care is a right — not a privilege. And we're going to make that a reality, together. 
This is a national disgrace. We have to ensure these communities get the care they need immediately — and then tackle racial disparities in health care and our economy head-on. 
The most sacred obligation of our government is to keep our troops safe when we send them into battle — and to care for them when they come home. We need a president who will honor that obligation. 
Across the world, people come to this country with unrelenting optimism and determination toward the future. They study here, innovate here, they make America who we are. Donald Trump doesn't get that — we need a president who does. 
Americans are safer when America is engaged in strengthening global health. On my first day as President, I will rejoin the and restore our leadership on the world stage. 
We've seen what happens when the federal government fails to secure sufficient supplies of critical products like PPE — and we can't let it happen again. So today, I'm releasing my plan to rebuild U.S. supply chains: 
Donald Trump needs to do his job.
Character belongs in the White House. 
To beat COVID-19, we need a coordinated national response from the federal government — but Donald Trump refuses to do his job. I've laid out exactly what I would do, and I encourage this president to adopt the plan in its entirety: 
There’s enormous opportunity once we defeat Donald Trump. We are going to build our health care system, our economy, and our country back better than they've ever been before.
The nation is crying out for leadership — leadership that can unite us and bring us together. But this president has nothing to offer. 
With COVID-19 surging across the nation, Donald Trump should be doing everything in his power to increase access to testing. Instead, he's doing the opposite. It's despicable.
It didn't have to be this bad. But Donald Trump failed to do his job — and we're all paying the price. 
We can’t afford four more years of Donald Trump. 
We're going to beat Donald Trump. And when we do, we won't just rebuild this nation — we'll transform it.
There are so many unsung heroes in our communities, especially in times of crisis. We owe Alassane and countless others a debt of gratitude — and I'll fight for them every day in the White House. 
On this Venezuelan Independence Day, my thoughts are with Venezuelans who continue to work tirelessly for the cause of democracy. It’s time for free and fair elections so that the Venezuelan people can turn the page on the corrupt and repressive Maduro regime.
COVID-19 is surging across the nation, and this president is doubling down on his efforts to rip health insurance and protections away from millions. It's heartless and cruel and must be stopped.
Donald Trump wants to declare this health crisis over and unemployment solved so that he can get back to his campaign rallies. But he’s wrong — on both fronts.We need a president who will actually do the work needed to get us through these crises.
The hard truth is that it didn’t have to be this bad, but Donald Trump ignored the warnings and refused to take action. He failed our nation. 
I’ve carried the middle class values that my parents instilled in me my entire life — and they’re the values I’ll bring to the White House. 
Make no mistake, our best days still lie ahead. If we come together as one America, there’s not a single thing we cannot do.
The health care workers on the frontlines of this fight are some of the greatest heroes our nation has ever seen. 
America was founded on the promise of equality, liberty, and justice for all — and it's long past time we lived up to it.
American history isn’t a fairytale. The battle for the soul of this nation has been a constant push-and-pull for more than 240 years. But it’s a battle we can and will win — together.
This Fourth of July, one of the most patriotic things you can do is wear a mask.
Our nation was founded on a simple idea: We're all created equal. We've never lived up to it — but we've never stopped trying. This Independence Day, let's not just celebrate those words, let's commit to finally fulfill them. Happy  
“If you put the wrong person in office, you'll see things that you would not have believed are possible." 
It didn't have to be this bad. But month after month, as other leaders in other countries took the necessary steps to get the virus under control, Donald Trump failed us.Here's what I'll do as president: 
It’s abundantly clear that this virus isn’t going to just “fade away,” Mr. President. It’s time for you to step up, take action, and lead. 
Now more than ever, we need a president who will choose science over fiction.
Donald Trump styled himself as a wartime president. But now it seems this president has surrendered. He has waved the white flag and left the field of battle when we need him most. It's unacceptable.We need real leadership. Right now. 
We are five months into this crisis, and our health care workers still don't have the masks and protective equipment they need. It's a national disgrace.Mr. President, use your authority and fix the shortage of PPE before you tee off for yet another round of golf.
Donald Trump has called himself a "cheerleader" for the nation. But we don't need a cheerleader — we need a President. One who will:- Lead by example- Take responsibility- Tell the unvarnished truth- Listen to the experts and follow the science
Wear a mask. 
Let me be clear: There’s no victory to be celebrated when we’re still down nearly 15 million jobs and the pandemic is getting worse, not better. 
This is a job Donald Trump is entirely unfit for. 
“Mr. President, it's too much.” 
This is a shameful move. Now is the time for employers to have empathy for families juggling work and caregiving.It's long past time for President Trump to show some leadership so we can get this virus under control. 
Tune in as I address the nation on the economic crisis and the latest jobs report: 
Mr. President, this pandemic isn't about you. It's about the health and well-being of the American people. 
125 days. 
I’ll read my daily briefings.
Small businesses are the backbone of communities across our nation, and we need to do so much more to help them. Donald Trump may have forgotten about them — but I never will. 
If the reports are true, Donald Trump either read his briefings about the Russian bounties and did nothing — or he didn't read them at all. Either way, it's an unjustifiable dereliction of duty.The American people deserve answers. 
On day one, I’ll get right to work tackling COVID-19. I'll bring together our nation's top experts and leaders from both parties to chart a path forward.We are all in this together — and we've got to fight this together. 
We need a clear message from the very top of our federal government that everyone needs to wear a mask in public. Period.It’s not just about you — it’s about your family, your neighbors, your colleagues. It’s about keeping other people safe.
This is my promise to you: When I am President, I will take care of your health care coverage and your family the same way I would my own. 
As  comes to a close, I want to make one thing clear: Immigrants have always made our nation stronger — our diversity is, and has always been, our greatest strength.Donald Trump doesn't get that — we need a president who does.
Folks, we’re just a few hours away from our end-of-quarter deadline, and we need your help to hit our goal. Every donation — big or small — goes a long way to helping us catch up to Donald Trump.If you can, please chip in today: 
On the final day of  here’s my promise to you: If I have the honor of being elected, I will be the most pro-equality president in our nation’s history. LGBTQ+ rights are human rights — and we can't rest until everyone is treated with dignity and respect under the law.
We’re facing a serious threat — and we need to meet it together as one country. But this President gives us no direction and actively pits us against one another.We can't continue on like this. 
If I’m elected, I’ll immediately reach out to Dr. Fauci and ask him to continue his incredible service to our country. I’ll have the nation’s top medical experts and scientists ready to advise our response on day one — and I'll actually listen to them.
Mr. President, the American people didn’t make enormous sacrifices over the past four months so you could waste your time with late night rants and tweets.Step up. Take responsibility. Do your job.
Tune in as I deliver remarks on how President Trump failed to protect the American people, save our economy, and control the virus: 
I want every single American to know: if you’re sick, if you’re struggling, if you’re worried about how you’re going to get through the day — I will not abandon you. I will not leave you to face these challenges alone.We are going to get through this — together.
As simple as it sounds, we need a president who listens. So much of this could have been prevented if Donald Trump listened to someone other than himself.
Folks, tomorrow night marks our first end-of-quarter deadline of the general election. We need your help to hit our goal so we can catch up to Donald Trump's hefty cash-on-hand advantage. I know times are tough, but if you're able, please chip in today: 
The President spent his weekend golfing. 
Here’s my promise to you: I’ll appoint a director who will actually go after financial predators and protect consumers. 
Today's decision reaffirmed that states can't put in place laws that unduly burden a woman's right to make her own health care decisions—but the fight isn't over. As President, I'll codify Roe v. Wade and protect a woman’s constitutional right to choose. 
It's time we remember who we are as Americans: we treat each other with dignity and respect, we leave nobody behind, and we give hate no safe harbor.We are everything that Donald Trump is not.
William Perry Pendley spent his career fighting to sell off public lands — and to allow drilling, mining, and logging on them with hardly any oversight. Now the President has nominated him to oversee them at Consider me opposed. 
White supremacy should be rooted out and relegated to the pages of history — not promoted by the President of the United States.
The arc of the moral universe bent a little bit more today. 
Obamacare was and is a big deal. We can't let Donald Trump tear it down — we have to protect and build on it. 
51 years ago today, a movement was born on Christopher Street. As we remember the anniversary of the Stonewall Uprising and the brave individuals who changed our world forever, let's recommit to finishing the job and finally achieving full LGBTQ+ equality.  
Donald Trump's entire presidency has been a gift to Putin, but this is beyond the pale. It’s a betrayal of the most sacred duty we bear as a nation, to protect and equip our troops when we send them into harm’s way. 
Today the President shared a video of people shouting “white power” and said they were “great.” Just like he did after Charlottesville. We’re in a battle for the soul of the nation — and the President has picked a side. But make no mistake: it’s a battle we will win.
Children should be released from ICE detention with their parents immediately. This is pretty simple, and I can't believe I have to say it: Families belong together. 
Now, let's push our progress further. 
Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office, he proves just how unfit he is to lead our nation.
Wear a mask. 
If Donald Trump prevails in the U.S. Supreme Court, insurers could strip away your health insurance coverage or jack up premiums — simply because you experience long-term effects after battling the coronavirus.We can't let that happen. 
Equal representation and participation matter.  
I know these times are dark, but I firmly believe that our best days still lie ahead. If we come together as one America, there's nothing that we can't accomplish.
Health care is a right for all — not a privilege for the few. We have to ensure every single American has access to the care they need and deserve.Here’s what I would do as president:  
Congratulations, Alexis. We need you in this fight. Proud to stand with you and Planned Parenthood Action Fund. 
Progress is possible. 
Donald Trump is acting like a child who just can’t believe this pandemic has happened to him. 
Last week, President Trump claimed the virus would "fade away."Now, we're facing a record-high number of new cases, and it's surging across the country.Trump refuses to listen to the experts and take action — and we're all paying the price.
In this moment, we have an enormous opportunity to root out systemic racism and close the racial wealth and income gaps. We can do it, together. 
Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through a global pandemic.
DC should be a state. Pass it on. 
The American people have sacrificed so much to fight this virus — we've lost lives, businesses, paychecks. And now, we're losing the progress we've made because this president refuses to do his job.Donald Trump has failed our nation every step of the way. 
While President Trump continues his victory lap, over 20 million Americans remain out of work. He may have forgotten about you, but I never will — and I'll fight for you every single day in the White House. 
While the Trump Administration continues their efforts to rip health care away from millions, I'm speaking about how we can make quality, affordable health care available to every American.  Tune in: 
Health care workers are selflessly risking their lives every day on the front lines of the fight against COVID-19 — and hundreds have paid the ultimate price.They are American heroes — and we cannot forget the sacrifices they made to care for us all. 
Democracy is under threat globally. Restoring the soul of America means fixing democracy at home, and confronting — not cozying up to — dictators around the world. When I'm president, America will defend democracy at home and abroad. 
Health care is a right for all — not a privilege for the few.
This virus is not just going to disappear because you want it to, Mr. President.Listen to the experts. Take clear, concrete action. Do your job. 
Tonight, and I will be hosting "A Community of Pride" to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the world's first Pride march. Join us, and at 7:30 PM ET:  
I am proud to have the under the exceptional leadership of my friend Gina McCarthy, by my side. Together, we'll lead the world in a clean energy revolution that will help us reduce our carbon emissions and create good-paying union jobs. 
Ignore the polls. Register to vote:  
Brian — the courage and strength you've shown in the face of daunting odds is an inspiration to us all. I'm confident that with folks like you leading the way and with the power of our best minds, we'll find treatments and cures and beat this thing once and for all. 
Workers called back on the job deserve access to regular, reliable COVID-19 testing.
Instead of passing police reform or helping hardworking Americans get through this crisis, Republicans are jamming through another one of Trump’s unqualified nominees. It's wrong.Cory Wilson lacks judicial temperament and experience—and has no place on a Federal Court. 
We need a president who will expand access to quality, affordable health care — not rip it away.
To everyone who is scared, hurting, and wondering what's going to happen next: I want you to know I see you. I hear you. And I'll fight for you every single day in the White House. 
Our planet cannot take four more years of Donald Trump. 
The American people are tough, resilient, and always full of hope. There’s not a single thing we can't do if we do it together.
It's clear Donald Trump will stop at nothing to tear down Obamacare and rip health care away from millions. We cannot let him get away with it. We have to build on the ACA with a new public option to ensure everyone receives the care they deserve. 
It's pretty simple: If we want to save people's jobs and save people's lives, we need more testing — and we need it faster. The President is intentionally slowing it down. 
This is yet another attempt to distract from this Administration's failure to lead an effective response to COVID-19. Immigrants help grow our economy and create jobs. The President can't scapegoat his way out of this crisis. 
It's worth repeating that this weekend, President Trump admitted he directed his administration to slow down coronavirus testing in the middle of a global pandemic.He continues to prove just how unfit he is to lead our nation.
To Ashley, and all the health care workers on the front lines of this fight, thank you. You are American heroes. 
Tomorrow, President and I are hosting a virtual grassroots fundraiser. We’ll be answering some of your questions and taking a few trips down memory lane. You won’t want to miss it. Time is running out to reserve your spot. RSVP today: 
The strength of the LGBTQ+ community has always been rooted in the ability to find hope in spite of setbacks. If we stand together  we'll get through this — and emerge stronger. 
No one should have to choose between their paycheck and their health. That's why my plan for a safe and effective reopening ensures everyone has access to testing and paid leave for all those who get sick from COVID-19.Read more here: 
We can overcome four years of Donald Trump. But if we give him eight years in the White House, he will forever alter the character of our nation.We can't stand by and let that happen.
From my days as a public defender to my time as Vice President — I've spent my career fighting against injustice. And I'm not finished yet. 
Trump talks tough on Venezuela, but admires thugs and dictators like Nicolas Maduro. As President, I will stand with the Venezuelan people and for democracy. 
Trump opposed sanctioning China’s government over its atrocious human rights violations to protect his hollow trade deal and serve his own personal interests.Where Trump has been weak, I will be strong, clear, and consistent in standing up for America's values and its people. 
My dad instilled a lot in me, but perhaps most important is the belief that there’s no higher calling than to be a good parent. Happy Father’s Day to all the dads working to help raise their children — and all our children — to be honorable, generous, and kind. 
I can't believe I have to say this, but we should be speeding up testing — not slowing it down. 
It’s in some of our darkest moments of despair that we’ve made some of our greatest progress. If we stand together, as one America, we'll rise stronger than before. 
Speed up the testing.
I've found that the way to overcome enormous tragedy in your life is to turn that grief and pain into purpose. Christian Cooper and I discussed how we can take our collective pain in this moment and turn it into a catalyst for change: 
This nation has always strived to serve as a beacon of hope, but Trump has made it clear that he does not believe our country should be a place of refuge. As president, I'll recommit to building a more inclusive and welcoming America.  
Folks credit me for speaking out on marriage equality in 2012 — but I'm not the one who took a real risk. Countless others did the hard work and paid a price just for being themselves. Christian Cooper and I discussed the trailblazers who came before us and the work that remains: 
Donald Trump is so eager to get back to his campaign rallies that he’s willing to put people at risk and violate CDC guidelines — as long as they sign a waiver promising not to hold his campaign liable.Unbelievable.
The Tulsa Race Massacre is one of the worst incidents of racial violence in our history — and it has been erased from our national consciousness for far too long.It’s time we reckon with what happened in 1921. 
Christian Cooper’s encounter in Central Park was another wake-up call for our nation and a reminder of the work that remains to root out hate and intolerance. I'm grateful for Christian's support and know with folks like him leading the way, we'll get the job done. 
We're months into this pandemic and still don't have proper testing, PPE, or clear nationwide guidance. Instead, Donald Trump:- Pushes dangerous, disproven drugs- Stands in the way of the CDC- Refuses to wear a maskHe is failing even the most basic test of leadership.
I know it can be hard to keep faith that we will ever achieve that more perfect union we strive to be. But ours is a union worth fighting for — and we are all called to the cause.None of us can turn away. None of us can stay silent.
Donald Trump’s failure to fight the coronavirus with the same energy and focus that he uses to troll his enemies on Twitter has cost us lives — and is putting hope for an economic recovery at risk.
I’ve said from the outset of this election that we are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Who we are. What we believe. And maybe most important — who we want to be. It’s all at stake.That's the case we're making in our first TV ad of the general election: 
On June 19, 1865, in Galveston, TX, the last enslaved African Americans were finally given notice of their freedom. 155 years later, we're still on the long road to equality, equity, and fairness for all.We can't rest until the promise of this nation is fulfilled.  
 reminds us of how vulnerable our nation is to being poisoned by systems and acts of inhumanity—but it's also a reminder of our ability to change. Together, we can lay the roots of real and lasting justice, and become the extraordinary nation that was promised to all.
Amy — from the moment you announced you were running for president in a snowstorm, it wasn't hard to see you had the grit and determination to do anything you set your mind to. You know how to get things done. With your help, we’re going to beat Donald Trump. 
Climate change is linked to increased pregnancy risks — and heartbreakingly, Black mothers are being hit the hardest. As President, I'll work every day to tackle the climate crisis head-on and root out injustice. Because they are intertwined. 
To all the Dreamers who make our country better and stronger every single day: Thank you. This country needs you.  
The decisions of the last few days should remind us all of the immense power of the Supreme Court — and the generational impact its justices can have.We have the power to shape the Court's future this November — and we can’t forget that.
I'm ready on day one. After more than three years in office, why isn't Donald Trump ready? 
Dreamers are Americans. Period.
Just like Donald Trump couldn’t wish COVID-19 away in March, and just like he couldn’t tweet it away in April — he can’t ignore it away in June. 
Here’s my promise to you: On day one, I’ll send a bill to Congress that creates a clear roadmap to citizenship for Dreamers and 11 million undocumented people who are already strengthening our nation. It’s long overdue.
It didn’t have to be this bad. But we have a president who is more interested in taking a victory lap than he is in doing the work needed to solve this crisis.We need a president who will put the American people first — and actually do the work. 
Thanks, Barack. You're right — and we won't stop until every Dreamer feels safe in this country. 
Donald Trump inherited a growing economy from President Obama and me. And just like everything else he has inherited in his life, he has squandered it. 
The Supreme Court’s ruling today is a victory made possible by the courage and resilience of hundreds of thousands of DACA recipients who bravely stood up and refused to be ignored. And as President, I will get to work immediately to make it permanent. 
Donald Trump wants to style himself a wartime president against an invisible enemy — but he has surrendered the fight.Instead of leading the charge to defeat this virus, he has waved the white flag and retreated.
Vice President Pence claimed success because COVID-19 deaths are “down to” fewer than 750 a day.That's more than 20,000 a month — and they're self-congratulating? Unbelievable.It may be good enough for President Trump, but it will never be acceptable if I am President. 
I’m proud to stand with folks across the country participating in today’s  Caravan. Senate Republicans need to pass the  now and take action to root out systemic racism. 
If John Bolton's accounts are true, it’s not only morally repugnant, it’s a violation of Donald Trump’s sacred duty to the American people to protect America’s interests and defend our values.
Donald Trump ignored the experts, downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed, and failed to take the action necessary to contain it — and now in many states, COVID cases are on the rise again.This president has failed to lead our nation. 
Five years ago, nine good souls were ripped from this world — killed by hate and white supremacy. Today, we honor the memory of the Emanuel Nine and the unspeakable grace of those they left behind. 
I'm in Darby, Pennsylvania, to discuss how we can make sure the country's reopening is safe, effective, and gets Americans back to work. Tune in: 
The truth of our nation is that too often the color of your skin alone can endanger your life and, for far too long, systemic racism has oppressed communities of color in the United States.It has to change.
We need a president who chooses unity over division.
I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again: Donald Trump is running the most corrupt administration in modern American history. 
We have the power to write the future we want for this country. One where health care is a right, we lead the world in the fight against climate change, we end our gun violence epidemic, and our government works for all — not just the powerful.Let’s do it together.
We can’t forget that in the middle of a global pandemic, the Trump Administration is trying to gut Obamacare and rip health insurance away from millions. It's morally reprehensible.
Systemic racism pervades every part of our society, including law enforcement — and we have to do the hard work to root it out. In January, I sat down with Jake, a field organizer on our campaign, to listen to what he had to say and discuss how we can move forward: 
This virus won’t just go away because you want it to, Mr. President. It’s time for you to step up and do your job.
Los Dreamers son estadounidenses. Trump les quitó la protección que lograron con tanto esfuerzo. Esto es inaceptable. El primer día de mi presidencia enviaré un proyecto de ley al Congreso que protegerá a los beneficiarios de DACA de la deportación. 
LGBTQ+ rights are human rights. Period.
Folks, I’ve got some big news: Next week, I’m getting together with my friend and former boss, President for a virtual grassroots fundraiser. We would love to see you there. Chip in now to get your ticket: 
Dreamers are Americans. But Trump's ripped away the hard-won protections of DACA recipients, throwing their lives into upheaval. It’s unacceptable, and on day one of my presidency I will protect them from deportation and send a bill to Congress. 
I wish I could say this hate began with Donald Trump and will end with him. It didn’t, and it won’t. American history isn’t a fairytale with a guaranteed happy ending. It's up to all of us to do the hard work to ensure the American ideal finally wins out. 
I'm grateful for support and proud to stand with them in this fight. As president, I’m going to do everything in my power to expand access to quality, affordable health care — including reproductive health care. 
Donald Trump is not responsible for COVID-19, but he does bear full responsibility for his slow, uncoordinated, bungled response. 
Race-neutral policies are not a sufficient response to race-based disparities. We need to tackle systemic racism head-on and ensure everyone has a fair shot at the American dream.Here’s what I would do as president: 
Today's decision is another step in our march toward equality for all. The Supreme Court has confirmed the simple but profoundly American idea that every human being should be treated with respect. But we're not done. 
After reports of wealthy Trump donors getting millions in relief meant for small businesses, the administration is now refusing to disclose where the PPP money went. It's unacceptable.The American people deserve answers. 
In every corner of the country, people are raising their voices and demanding justice. It gives me so much hope.Together, we’re going to transform this nation and ensure justice finally rings out for all.
We need a president who heals — not one who fans the flames of hate. We need a president who unites — not one who sows further discord for political gain. We need a president who leads the way with a steady hand — not one who incites violence with his erratic tweets.
We’re facing some of the greatest challenges in our nation’s history — and it’s clear Donald Trump isn’t up for the job.We need real leadership, right now.
We have to ensure every worker called back on the job has access to regular, reliable COVID-19 testing and effective personal protective equipment. 
We need a president who will fight to further LGBTQ+ equality — not roll back the hard-won progress we've already made.
We need real policing reform — and we need it now. 
Our nation is at an inflection point. We can't go back to the way things were before — we have to take a bold step forward and usher in a new era of equality and opportunity.We can do it, together.
Here's my promise to you: I will seek to heal the racial wounds that have long plagued our nation — not use them for political gain.We shouldn’t accept anything less from an American president. 
We need a national ban on chokeholds. Now.
I’ve said from the outset of this election that we are in a battle for the soul of this nation. That is truer today than ever. If we give Donald Trump eight years in the White House, he will fundamentally alter the character of this nation. We can’t let that happen.
In light of Donald Trump's inhumane reversal of protections for transgender people, I want to share a conversation I had a few weeks ago. Adi deserves to be treated with the same respect and dignity as anyone else. Period. 
On the fourth anniversary of Pulse.In the middle of Pride month.During a global pandemic.Donald Trump's cruelty truly knows no bounds. We have to defeat him this November. 
Two years after Trump's Singapore meeting with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un, the U.S. and our allies are less safe and Kim's arsenal of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles keeps growing. Photo-ops and love letters are no substitute for deterrence and principled diplomacy. 
Medgar Evers once said, "freedom has never been free." On this day in 1963, he paid the ultimate price in pursuit of freedom for his brothers and sisters. He was gunned down fighting to end racial injustice. We must honor him by carrying forward that cause in our own lives today.
Four years ago today, 49 lives were cut short in an act of unspeakable terrorism at Pulse nightclub. As we remember those we lost — including so many in the LGBTQ+ and Hispanic communities — we have to double down on our efforts to  
We need real policing reform, and we need it now. Congress should immediately:- Outlaw chokeholds- Improve oversight and accountability- Create a model use of force standard- Stop the transfer of weapons of war to local police forces
Donald Trump forgot about COVID-19, but COVID-19 didn’t forget about us. The President couldn’t wish away the virus in April, he couldn’t tweet it away in May, and he can’t ignore it away in June.
Our country is crying out for leadership that Donald Trump can’t deliver. 
We need a president who chooses hope over fear.
We can't let history repeat itself — Facebook needs to act now to stop the spread of disinformation and protect our elections. Watch my deputy campaign manager Kate Bedingfield break down what's happening and how you can help us fix it:  
COVID-19 can affect anyone, anywhere — but it doesn't impact every community equally. Watch as Dr. Ebony Jade Hilton explains how it’s impacting communities of color: 
While the president was spiking the football and taking a victory lap, another 1.5 million Americans filed new unemployment claims last week. He is completely oblivious to what's really happening in this country — and hardworking Americans are paying the price. 
We have to ensure our economic reopening is safe and strong — and builds the foundation for an economy that works for everyone. Today, I'm releasing my plan to make that happen: 
We have to make sure our economic reopening is safe, effective, and gets Americans back to work. Tune in for a roundtable discussion on how we can make that happen: 
We have to make sure our economic reopening is safe, effective, and gets Americans back to work. Tune in for a roundtable discussion on how we can make that happen: 
With less than 150 days until Election Day, the stakes couldn't be higher. We've got to fix Facebook to protect our democracy and ensure fair elections. If you agree, sign the open letter today to demand Facebook take action.  
So far, Facebook has failed to enact any real reforms to stop the spread of disinformation on its platform. Time is running out. Today, we're releasing an open letter demanding the company change its policies: 
Folks, we saw in 2016 what can happen when social media platforms are left unchecked and allow disinformation to run rampant. It puts the very integrity of our elections at risk. We simply cannot let it happen again in 2020.
It's in our darkest moments that we've produced some of our greatest progress — and we have that opportunity once again. Let's make this a moment of action to address systemic racism and propel our nation into an era of true equality and opportunity.
There is systemic racism not just in our law enforcement but also in housing, education, and everything we do — and we have to do the hard work to end it. 
We have to make this an era of action — starting with real police reform. No more excuses. No more delays. Add your name to demand Congress ban chokeholds — and pass real police reform — right now: 
This pandemic isn't just going to go away because you want it to, Mr. President. Step up and do your job before your negligence costs even more lives than it already has. 
Ignore the polls. We can't take anything for granted this November — the stakes are simply too high. Register to vote:  Donate:  Volunteer:  Let's get to work. 
Nothing about the fights we're facing will be easy. Racism has been a fixture in our society for hundreds of years.  But I’m ready to get to work on day one. We can’t accept anything less from an American president.
Donald Trump’s hate-filled, conspiracy-laden rhetoric is inflaming the racial divides in our country—but just fixing the way the president talks won’t cut it. We need to root out systemic racism and ensure Black Americans have a real shot to get ahead. 
America was founded on the promise of equality, liberty, and justice for all. We’ve never fully lived up to that promise — and we can’t rest until we finally do.
From ballot shortages and issues with machines to hours-long lines — what happened today in Georgia should enrage us all. We need to act now to prevent it from happening again in November. Our democracy depends on it. 
Because of Donald Trump's negligence and incompetence: - More than 110,000 people have died- We have nearly 2 million cases of COVID-19- Over 20 million Americans are out of work And yet he’s patting himself on the back. Unbelievable.
Small businesses like Rafael's are the backbone of communities all across this nation. We have to do so much more to help them through this crisis. 
 Problems or questions related to voting in Georgia's primary election today? Just give us a call at 888-730-5816. 
Let me be clear: We can't leave this moment and once again turn away and do nothing. We need justice. We need action. We need reform.
Grief is a heavy burden to bear — and it's even harder with the eyes of the world watching. I know. But that burden is now a purpose — to change the world for the better in the name of George Floyd.That's the message I shared with his loved ones during today's service: 
My Dad used to say there's no greater sin than the abuse of power.Whether it's an officer bloodying a peaceful protester or a President defending him with a conspiracy theory he saw on TV.I'm a Catholic – just like Martin. Our faith says that we can't accept either.
13 million people who had jobs when you took office are unemployed today. 
Together, let’s make this an era of action. 
This moment is a wake-up call for all of us. It's long past time we deal with systemic racism, growing economic inequality, and the denial of the promise of this nation to so many. 
Donald Trump inherited the longest economic expansion in history from the Obama-Biden Administration, but like everything else he’s inherited, he has squandered it. 
To everyone speaking out and peacefully demanding justice across the nation: I see you, I hear you, and I stand with you. 
At every turn, President Trump ignored the experts, downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed, and misled the American people — and we’re all paying the price every single day. 
We've made incredible progress on LGBTQ+ equality, but we still have further to go. We can't rest until everyone is treated with dignity and respect under the law—regardless of who they are or whom they love.Join  and let's get to work:  
We're facing some of the greatest challenges in our history, and Donald Trump is patting himself on the back. He just has no idea what’s really going on in this country. It's time for him to step out of his bunker and look around at the consequences of his words and actions.
American history isn’t a fairytale with a guaranteed happy ending. But we have the power to write the future we want for this nation.Don't let anyone tell you differently.
Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through this moment.
Our nation is at an inflection point. We can choose four more years of Donald Trump's poisonous rhetoric and divisive politics — or we can take the next great step forward. 
These disparities have plagued our nation for far too long. It’s time we rebuild our country upon more just and equal foundations — and finally close race-based wealth and income gaps. 
We need to build an economy that rewards work — not just wealth. 
This isn’t about politics. This is about the future of our country. Grateful for your support, Secretary Powell. 
The words of a president matter. And time and time again, Donald Trump has callously used his to incite violence, stoke the flames of hatred and division, and drive us further apart. We cannot give him another four years in the White House.
We need to stand up as a nation — with the Black community and with all minority communities — and come together as one America. Because the pain is too immense for one community to bear alone. It is the duty of every American to grapple with it — and grapple with it now.
I promised George Floyd's family that he wouldn’t just become another hashtag — and I intend to keep that promise. We need justice. And we need real police reform to ensure this never occurs again.
To all those families who are scared, and hurting, and wondering what’s going to happen next: I want you to know I see you. I won’t ever forget you. And I won’t be satisfied until this economy starts working for all of you. 
Today, we honor those who answered duty’s call on June 6, 1944, on the beachheads of Normandy. We must be a living memorial to their bravery and sacrifice—and recognize always that our strength is rooted in our fervid and unfailing defense of democratic rights and freedoms. 
Today, the pain is so raw it can be hard to keep faith that justice is at hand or that we will ever achieve the more perfect union we all want. But ours is a union worth fighting for, and we are all called to the cause. No one can stay silent. 
We're just 150 days out from Election Day, and the stakes have never been higher. We have to defeat Donald Trump, and once we do, we won’t just rebuild this country — we'll transform it. Together. Help us make it happen: 
Donald Trump was warned, but he failed to act. Now more than 20 million Americans are out of a job and paying the price. It didn’t have to be this bad. 
150 days.
Folks, tonight we secured the 1,991 delegates needed to win the Democratic nomination. I'm going to spend every day fighting to earn your vote so that, together, we can win the battle for the soul of this nation. 
Tonight, I’m thinking of Breonna Taylor’s mother, Tamika Palmer. Today should have been her daughter's birthday. I've talked a lot about turning pain into purpose. But for Breonna and Tamika, it’s on us to find purpose. Our country needs to act — now. 
Donald Trump still doesn’t get it. He’s out there spiking the football — completely oblivious to the tens of millions of people who are facing the greatest struggle of their lives. 
This  I am reflecting on the life of Hadiya Pendleton, whose murder inspired the  movement.The hard truth is that Black Americans are ten times more likely to die by gun homicide. It has to stop.
When it comes to this economic crisis, Donald Trump either doesn’t know what’s going on, or he just doesn’t care. 
Donald Trump is dangerously unfit to lead our nation through this moment. But don't just take my word for it: 
Let’s be clear about something: The depth of this job crisis is not attributable to an act of God — but to the failure of a President.
George Floyd’s last words, “I can’t breathe,” have echoed across our nation and around the world.For the President to try to put any other words in his mouth is frankly despicable. 
Tune in as I speak about the latest jobs report and the state of the economy: 
Those who have worked the closest with Donald Trump know how unfit he is to serve as President. 
It is long past time we made the promise of this nation real for all of our people.
We are a nation in pain, but we must not allow this pain to destroy us. We are a nation enraged, but we cannot allow our rage to consume us. We are a nation exhausted, but we will not allow our exhaustion to defeat us.
We can’t take four more years of this.
To everyone struggling with mental health—you're not alone. There is no shame in seeking help, and there shouldn't be any barriers in your way to getting that help. Together, we can achieve mental health parity, expand access to care, and wipe out the stigma. 
It's hard to believe this has to be said, but unlike this president, I’ll do my job and take responsibility. I won’t blame others. And I’ll never forget that the job isn’t about me — it’s about you.
We are at our best when we open our hearts, not when we clench our fists.
 We have to speak up  — be a voice for the voiceless and fight for what our communities need.We have to carry on. 
Jim Mattis and I haven’t always agreed on everything, but you'd be hard pressed to find a more powerful indictment of Trump's actions and character than the one he's written. "We do not need to militarize our response to protests. We need to unite around a common purpose." 
I wish I could say this hate began with Donald Trump and will end with him. It didn’t, and it won’t. American history isn’t a fairytale with a guaranteed happy ending.It's up to all of us to create the America we know we can be. 
More than 42 million Americans have now filed for unemployment in the last three months, and Black and Latino communities are being hit hardest. 
There’s no time to waste — we need to get to work immediately on real police reform. Congressman has a bill to outlaw chokeholds. Congress should put it on President Trump’s desk in the next few days. Period. 
The nation is crying out for leadership — but this president has nothing to offer.
Donald Trump has turned our country into a battlefield riven by old resentments and fresh fears. He thinks division helps him.I ask every American to look at where we are now, and think anew: Is this who we are? Is this who we want to be? 
We need a president who listens. 
It’s in some of our darkest moments of despair that we’ve made some of our greatest progress — and we have that chance once again. We’re not just going to rebuild this nation — we’re going to transform it. There is nothing we can’t do if we do it together. 
If we stand together, we will rise stronger than before. A more equal, more just, more hopeful nation — closer to that more perfect union we must always strive to be.
I ask all of America — not to deny our pain or cover it over — but to use it to compel our nation across this turbulent threshold into the next phase of progress, inclusion, and opportunity for our great democracy.
If the Senate has time to confirm Donald Trump’s unqualified judicial nominees, it has time to pass legislation that will give true meaning to our Constitution’s promise of equal protection under the law.No more excuses. No more delays.
When 100,000 Americans died because of his incompetent leadership, this president golfed.When Americans peacefully protested outside the White House, this president tear-gassed them for a photo-op.Donald Trump was elected to serve us all — but he only looks out for himself.
The presidency is a big job. Nobody will get everything right. I won’t either.But I promise you this: I won’t traffic in fear and division or fan the flames of hate. I will seek to heal the racial wounds that have long plagued this country — not use them for political gain. 
That’s what the presidency is: a duty of care — to all of us, not just our voters, not just our donors, but all of us. 
“I can’t breathe.” George Floyd’s last words. But they didn’t die with him. They’re still being heard. They’re echoing across this nation. It’s a wake-up call for all of us. 
Julián — I made a promise to George's family that he wouldn't just become another hashtag. We're going to tackle this head on — and we're going to need your help to do it. Grateful for your support. 
I’ve said from the outset of this election that we are in a battle for the soul of this nation.Who we are. What we believe. And maybe most important—who we want to be. It’s all at stake. That is truer today than ever. And it’s in this urgency we can find the path forward.
The President held up a bible at St. John’s church yesterday. If he opened it instead of brandishing it, he could have learned something: That we are all called to love one another as we love ourselves. That’s hard work. But it’s the work of America.
A country is crying out for leadership. Leadership that can unite us, leadership that brings us together, leadership that can recognize the pain and deep grief of communities that have had a knee on their neck for a long time.
Let us vow to make this, at last, an era of action to reverse systemic racism with long overdue and concrete changes.  This morning I'm speaking in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on where we are and where we need to go. Tune in: 
Pride is a global movement of love, self-expression, and community — resilient in the face of oppression and fear and hopeful for a better future. This month, let us recommit to those principles and remain steadfast in the fight for justice and equality. 
He's using the American military against the American people.He tear-gassed peaceful protesters and fired rubber bullets.For a photo.For our children, for the very soul of our country, we must defeat him. But I mean it when I say this: we can only do it together. 
In this moment, the very soul of America is at stake. We must commit, as a nation, to pursue justice with every ounce of our being. We have to finally make real the American promise: That all men and women are not only equal at creation, but throughout their lives.
Leaders listen. 
After another night of unrest in America, I’m hosting a virtual roundtable with mayors from across the country to discuss where we go from here. Tune in: 
We are a nation in pain right now, but we must not allow this pain to destroy us. As President, I will help lead this conversation — and more importantly, I will listen, just as I did today visiting the site of last night's protests in Wilmington. 
We are a nation in pain, but we must not allow this pain to destroy us. We are a nation enraged, but we cannot allow our rage to consume us. Please stay safe. Please take care of each other. 
Trump’s Tantrum Diplomacy is eroding U.S. credibility on the international stage. Withdrawing from during a global pandemic is a recipe for disaster and increases the cost of the American response. We must instead rally the world to confront COVID-19. 
If we are complacent, if we are silent, we are complicit in perpetuating these cycles of violence.None of us can turn away. We all have an obligation to speak out.
You can't defeat bigotry; it only hides. And when leaders give it oxygen — as Donald Trump has done — it comes roaring back.We all have a moral obligation to stand up, speak out, and hold people accountable. 
Today, in lifting our ambitions and our imaginations to the heavens, the United States has once more reshaped the future of space travel. 
Every day that Donald Trump spends in the White House, he further debases the values and ideals of our nation. He is wholly unfit to be president. 
This is no time for incendiary tweets. This is no time to encourage violence.This is a national crisis — and we need real leadership right now.
We are a country with an open wound.None of us can turn away. None of us can be silent. None of us any longer can hear those words — “I can’t breathe” — and do nothing.We must commit, as a nation, to pursue justice with every ounce of our being. 
It’s time for us to take a hard look at uncomfortable truths.It’s time for us to face the deep, open wound we have in this nation.We need justice for George Floyd.
Tune in as I address the unfolding situation in Minnesota and the killing of George Floyd: 
I will be speaking more about the events in Minnesota later today.
I will not lift the President’s tweet. I will not give him that amplification. But he is calling for violence against American citizens during a moment of pain for so many. I’m furious, and you should be too.
This is not abstract: a black reporter was arrested while doing his job this morning, while the white police officer who killed George Floyd remains free. I am glad swift action was taken, but this, to me, says everything.
Enough.
We can’t allow this crisis to exacerbate the disparities that plague our nation. 
We’re months into this crisis, and Donald Trump still doesn't have an effective national testing strategy. I do: 
Ordinary people doing extraordinary things. That's the story of America — and we’re seeing it written every single day. It gives me hope. 
100,000+ lives lost across the country.1,700,000+ confirmed U.S. cases.40,000,000+ unemployment claims filed.Donald Trump has failed our nation.
Today, we learned that another 2.1 million people filed for unemployment last week, bringing the total number of new claims since this crisis began to more than 40 million. It's just the latest evidence of Donald Trump’s utter failure of leadership. 
Thirty years ago, I proudly cosponsored the landmark Americans with Disabilities Act. It was an enormous step forward, but there's more work to do. So today, I’m releasing my plan to achieve full participation and equality for people with disabilities: 
The hard truth is that this crisis didn’t have to be this bad.
Two tweets from the same day in October. 
Every day Donald Trump proves how unfit he is to lead our nation. 
Presidents are supposed to lead by example — and every day Donald Trump proves how incapable he is of doing that. 
George Floyd’s life mattered. 
 and I are saddened to learn of the passing of Larry Kramer, an American hero. Through his activism, Larry taught us all how to speak up and demand our government do its job. His outspokenness raised our consciousness on HIV/AIDS and saved countless lives. 
There are moments in our history so grim, so heart-rending, that they're forever fixed in each of our hearts as shared grief. Today is one of those moments. 100,000 lives have now been lost to this virus.To those hurting, I'm so sorry for your loss. The nation grieves with you. 
Over the last few months, countless Asian Americans have been threatened, attacked, and blamed for COVID-19. They've cruelly been made the scapegoat by the most powerful man on the planet, President Trump. It has to end.Read more from and me: 
We’re in the middle of a global pandemic — and not only is Donald Trump preventing people from getting the health insurance they need, but he’s also actively trying to terminate the insurance millions already have.It’s morally reprehensible.
Tune in now as joins me for a conversation on how COVID-19 is impacting states: 
This morning, I’ll be joined by for a conversation on how COVID-19 is making an impact on states. Tune in live at 10:30AM EDT:  
Last year California passed  affording gig workers protections and benefits like a minimum wage and overtime pay.Now, gig economy giants are trying to gut the law and exempt their workers. It's unacceptable.I urge Californians to vote no on the initiative this November.
George Floyd deserved better and his family deserves justice. His life mattered.I'm grateful for the swift action in Minneapolis to fire the officers involved — they must be held responsible for their egregious actions. The FBI should conduct a thorough investigation. 
Wear a mask.
Donald Trump's wealthy donors got tens of millions of dollars in relief, while countless small businesses were turned away. It's no wonder he didn't want any oversight.We need a government that works for all — not just the super-wealthy.
The truth is asking for money is the worst part of running for president—especially in times as tough as these. But we’re coming up on our end of month fundraising deadline, and I need your help to ensure we hit our goal.If you can, please chip in today: 
1 in 4 U.S. workers has filed for unemployment benefits in the last 10 weeks. It’s a crisis unlike anything we’ve seen in our lifetime — and the Trump Administration is failing to do enough to help.
Folks, today we’re launching  — a next generation coalition ready to make Donald Trump a one-term president. We've got unlimited capacity to create change — and together, we’re going to transform this country.Join today:  
So much of this could have been prevented if we had a president who listened to someone other than himself.
We are months into this crisis, and Donald Trump still doesn't have a comprehensive plan when it comes to COVID-19 or the economy. It's unacceptable. I released a detailed plan laying out what I would do months ago, and have built on it since. Take a look: 
There’s not a single thing the American people can’t do if we do it together.
We have always been able to take crises and turn them into opportunities — and we have the chance to do that once again. If we match our ambitions to the scale of the challenges we face, we can and will transform our country for generations to come.
This ruling goes a long way toward protecting the sacred right to vote, but there's still work to do. We've got to ensure everyone — including individuals formerly incarcerated for felonies — has the right to make their voice heard at the ballot box. 
To all the members of our military and our military families, especially those who have lost their service member, thank you. We owe you. We can never lessen the magnitude of your loss, but this I can promise you: we will never forget.  
The presidency is about a lot more than tweeting from your golf cart. It requires taking on the ultimate responsibility for the biggest decisions in the world. Donald Trump simply wasn’t prepared for that. I promise you I will be.
Climate change poses an existential threat to our future — and time is running out to address it. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and tackle the challenge head-on.
Hunger today isn’t about scarcity — it’s about a massive failure in leadership. If I were President, I’d immediately work with to empower our restaurants to be part of the solution as families go hungry during the COVID-19 crisis. 
We’re in the middle of a global pandemic, and the Trump Administration is trying to prevent people from getting health care. 
Folks write letters to me asking all kinds of questions, but Jack's question on my favorite ice cream flavor might be the best one yet.Here’s what I told him:  
Make no mistake: I believe our best days still lie ahead. We can and will transform this nation — together.
Nearly 100,000 lives have been lost, and tens of millions are out of work.Meanwhile, the president spent his day golfing. 
As Ramadan draws to an end, and I want to wish a safe and warm celebration to our Muslim friends and neighbors. Even though we can't be all together to celebrate, we hope it is filled with joy, family, and success for the year to come. 
This is jarring — and a heartbreaking reminder that the death toll we see in the news is so much more than just a statistic. Every single one marks a future cut short and a family and community that will never be the same. and I are keeping them all in our hearts. 
Donald Trump has failed to live up to our trust and treaty obligations to Native Americans. It’s unacceptable.I’ll make meaningful investments in Indian Country — including increasing funding for Indian Health Services and making that funding mandatory. 
 While these two fight over their big mistakes let’s make sure Alabama doesn’t make one with either Sessions or a former foot…
We can protect the sacred right to vote and protect public health at the same time.
The hard truth is Donald Trump ignored the warnings of health experts and intelligence agencies, downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed, and failed to take the action needed to combat the outbreak.It’s one of the greatest failures of presidential leadership in our history.
36,000 Americans could be alive today if President Trump had acted sooner. Let's put that into perspective: 
We're in the midst of the worst economic crisis in our lifetime, and Senate Republicans continue to delay relief for the American people saying, "I don’t see the need right now." Unbelievable.We've got to take back the Senate this November. 
Adi is an incredible young advocate for the transgender community. He also graduated high school today. We wanted to say congrats...with a couple friends! 
Chip in to help make it happen:  
No worker’s life is worth getting a cheaper hamburger. Period. 
Think of how many small businesses could have been helped with the $47 million that went to private jet companies owned by wealthy Trump donors. It’s ridiculous.We need a president who puts hardworking Americans ahead of the wealthy and well-connected. 
We will get through this, and we will come out stronger. I promise. 
In announcing the intent to withdraw from the Open Skies Treaty, President Trump has doubled down on his short-sighted policy of going it alone and abandoning American leadership. 
I've said it before, and I'll say it again: No company pulling in billions of dollars in profits should pay a lower tax rate than firefighters and teachers.It's time for Amazon to pay its fair share. 
Join Andrew Yang to discuss the economic impact of COVID-19. Tune in now: 
In the middle of this crisis, President Trump is trying to cut food assistance. It’s morally bankrupt.We should do everything in our power to ensure no one goes hungry in America.
 Friday brunch with Don’t mind if we do! Join live at 12:15PM EDT as he discusses the economic impac…
A president who can't handle a crisis is no president at all. 
It didn’t have to be this bad. The hard truth is that Donald Trump failed to take action, and it cost American lives. 
Turns out, it takes more than a tweet to implement a comprehensive national testing strategy. 
I’m looking forward to joining my friend on the tonight. Check out some of my favorite moments from the last time I was on his show — and then make sure to tune in to CBS at 11:35 PM ET. 
I don't usually Google myself, but I made an exception for Autocomplete Interview. Check it out: 
Donald Trump’s inaction cost lives. 
While we hope to soon return to some sense of normalcy in our lives, we cannot allow ourselves to return to the everyday gun violence that has plagued our past. We need to pass common-sense reforms and end our gun violence epidemic. 
I promise you this: A Biden Administration will listen to scientists and heed their advice — not silence them. 
When I launched my campaign, I said we were in a battle for the soul of the nation — we’re seeing that soul on full display. Folks are reaching out to help one another and doing truly heroic things. It makes me so proud.
This shouldn’t be a partisan issue. We need to ensure every single eligible American can safely make their voice heard this November. 
We don't have a food shortage problem — we have a leadership problem. 
Donald Trump is using a global health crisis as an excuse to deport children and continue separating families. It's heartless and un-American. People across the political spectrum rejected these policies before, and will do so again, because they know families belong together. 
Folks, I’m excited to share that we’re hosting a grassroots fundraiser with Grassroots donors are the backbone of our campaign — and I want to thank you for all your support.Chip in any amount to join us Friday afternoon: 
My heart and Jill's go out to the people of Midland, Michigan, experiencing another crisis in the midst of this pandemic. 
Donald Trump needs to do his job and implement a national testing strategy.
From my home in Delaware to Milwaukee, Wisconsin — join us for a virtual rally at 3:30 PM CT:  
Donald Trump has failed to provide for our nurses and doctors on the frontlines. Now he’s short-changing our troops and their families. Unacceptable. 
Now more than ever, we need a president who will choose to unite rather than divide.
When we emerge from this crisis, we can’t just go back to the way things were before. We need to take this country to a place we’ve never been. Where we finally live up to our highest ideals and everyone gets a full share of the American dream.
Congratulations to Dr. on the start of her second term. Taiwan’s thriving democracy and response to COVID-19 are an example to the world. America’s support for Taiwan must remain strong, principled, and bipartisan. 
The United States of America has always emerged stronger from every trial and tribulation — and we will again. We will overcome this.
Fundamentally, this is about whose side the government is on and whether it is accountable to the American people. This is a case I will continue to make, and if elected president will deliver on. 
That's exactly why and I have called for more oversight. We need more conditions on corporations to ensure relief goes to their workers, not their CEOs. No $500 billion slush fund. No blank checks. The Trump Administration is prioritizing big corporations over workers.
During today’s Senate Banking Committee hearing, Secretary refused to require corporations benefiting from $500 billion in CARES Act funds to keep workers on their payrolls. asked him several times, each time he ducked and refused.
Today, and I are mourning the death of our dear friend, Annie Glenn. Her long life was filled with great love and great meaning, with purpose and her own brand of uncommon courage. 
Tonight, I'll be joining for a virtual town hall to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on food security and the restaurant industry — and what our government should be doing to ensure no one in America goes hungry.Watch live at 7 PM ET: 
Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through this crisis. 
We need a president who believes in science.
I am proud to stand with in calling for a strong OSHA standard for RNs and other frontline health care workers and full utilization of the Defense Production Act to mass produce personal protective equipment. 
It’s time we reward the people who actually make this country work. Not Wall Street CEOs — but the middle class. Ordinary women and men who are capable of doing extraordinary things when given half a chance.That's who I'll fight for every single day in the White House.
Donald Trump is not responsible for the coronavirus. But he does bear full responsibility for failing to protect our nation from the worst public health and economic crisis in our lifetime.
With your help, we'll defeat Donald Trump. And we won't just rebuild this nation — we’ll transform it. I know times are tough, but if you're able, please chip in today to help make it happen: 
One of President Trump's top advisors admitted that this administration "really let the country down" on testing.He's right. It's long past time for Trump to step up and implement a national testing strategy so we can begin safely reopening the economy. 
- Expand vote-by-mail and early voting- Implement online voter registration- Ensure everyone can safely vote in-personWe need to do everything in our power to ensure every American can safely make their voice heard this November.
Companies getting relief from taxpayers have an obligation to protect workers' paychecks, and the Trump Administration has an obligation to hold their feet to the fire to ensure they do.We need real relief paired with real oversight—not no-strings-attached corporate bailouts. 
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history — and his recovery efforts are making that clearer than ever.
In the middle of the worst public health crisis in our lifetime, President Trump is actively trying to terminate health insurance for millions of Americans. It's unthinkable.Here's what I would do to ensure everyone has access to the coverage they need: 
In times of crisis, Americans stand as one. It's who we are. And it's how we're going to get through this — together.
A year ago today, the House passed the  a long-overdue bill that would ensure LGBTQ+ people are treated with dignity and respect under the law. But won't bring it up for a vote. It's unacceptable.Passing it will be a top legislative priority of mine.
I'm incredibly grateful for everyone who has chipped in to help fuel this campaign — especially in times as tough as these. and I called a few folks to thank them for their support: 
As we reflect on the incredible legacy of Brown v. Board of Education, we’re reminded of the urgent work that remains before us 66 years later. We can’t rest until every kid gets a fair shot, and we finally live up to our founding ideals of liberty, justice, and equality for all.
Moments of crisis require presidents to step up, transcend partisan politics, and unite the nation to achieve a common goal. But Donald Trump has done nothing but stoke division—and we're seeing the effect every day. He is the worst possible person to lead us through this crisis. 
No graduating class gets to choose the world into which they graduate, but few have ever entered at a point in this country's history where they genuinely have a chance to write a new chapter.Congratulations to the class of 2020, I can't wait to see the future you create. 
Behind every COVID-19 death is a family and a community that will never be the same.Behind every unemployment claim is a life thrown into uncertainty — a person wondering how they’ll make ends meet.There is a real human toll to this crisis. We cannot forget that.
Today, on the International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia, I stand with LGBTQ+ people and their allies to celebrate and champion the inherent dignity and worth of all persons—regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity.  
Congratulations to the Class of 2020 and to all those who were a part of the journey. I can't wait to see what you all accomplish.  
From this moment of crisis, we have the opportunity to not just rebuild our economy — but transform it.
Every day Donald Trump proves how wholly unfit he is to lead our country. 
We need a president who puts hardworking Americans ahead of the wealthy and well-connected. 
Defeating Donald Trump is going to take everything we've got. His campaign has been preparing for the last four years and has millions in the bank. I know times are tough, but if you can, please pitch in today to help us catch up:  
On this Armed Forces Day, and I want to express our gratitude and support for the men and women in uniform — serving and defending our country around the world. Thank you for your selfless service and sacrifice. You continue to make us proud. 
It seems the way to get fired by President Trump is not to commit wrongdoing, but to investigate it. 
Science over fiction.
The fact is Donald Trump wasted an awful lot of time, and lives were lost as a consequence. 
I want Donald Trump to look the American people in the eye and explain why their hard-earned dollars are bailing out his wealthy donors. 
We're building a campaign that will defeat Donald Trump and transform this nation — but we need your help to do it. Join us this Sunday for a Grassroots Strategy Summit, where we'll lay out our path to victory and how you can get involved:  
Unions like are supporting their workers and communities during this pandemic. To build a stronger, more inclusive, and more resilient middle class after this crisis, we must encourage unionization. That starts with enacting the PRO Act. 
Los fracasos internacionales de Trump han abierto el camino para que Cuba se una al Consejo de Derechos Humanos de la ONU. Esto traiciona a los presos políticos en Cuba y mina aún más la diplomacia de los EE.UU. Como presidente, defenderé los derechos humanos del pueblo cubano.
Trump's international failures have cleared a path for Cuba to join the UN Human Rights Council. This would betray Cuba's political prisoners and further undermine U.S. diplomacy. As President, I will lead by empowering the Cuban people and defending human rights.
To everyone who has lost a loved one due to COVID-19: I know it's incredibly difficult right now, but there will come a time when their memory brings a smile to your lips before it brings a tear to your eye. It will take time, but that’s when you know you’re going to make it. 
If you’re looking for ways to show off your support for the campaign or to stay entertained while we’re social distancing, we’ve got you covered. Check out our new free store where you’ll find everything from phone backgrounds to crossword puzzles: 
We have the power to create the future we want. A future where:- We end our gun violence epidemic- We lead the world in combating climate change- Everyone has access to the health care they need- Our government works for all — not just the wealthy and well-connected
To all of our front line workers who are working day in and day out to keep our nation afloat during this crisis, thank you.
We are months into this crisis. There is simply no excuse for President Trump's failure to implement a national testing strategy.
Tonight, and I will be joining for a discussion on combating COVID-19 and how we can ensure everyone can make their voice heard this November.Tune in to at 10 PM ET to watch live. 
What he said. 
Donald Trump can deflect and shift blame all he wants, but the hard truth is he failed to protect our nation from the worst public health and economic crisis in our lifetime. 
Sherian, a small business owner from South Carolina, recently asked how I would help businesses like hers recover from this crisis and how we can tackle health care disparities among communities of color. They're important questions. Here's what I said: 
The lives of tens of millions of Americans have been thrown into chaos through no fault of their own — and Donald Trump simply isn't doing enough to help them. 
Join me for a virtual roundtable on COVID-19 with Governors Gretchen Whitmer, Phil Murphy and Ned Lamont who are at the forefront of this crisis: 
Small businesses are the backbone of this country. We have to do so much more to support them through this crisis. Here's what I would do if I were president: 
With the void of leadership in the White House, governors across the country have stepped up to meet this moment. This afternoon, I’ll be joined by a few of them for a roundtable discussion on COVID-19. Tune in at 3:30 PM ET to watch:  
As the economy continues to spiral downwards and unemployment soars to Great Depression-era levels, we cannot ignore the hard truth: This crisis hit us harder and will take longer to recover from because of Donald Trump’s failures. 
There's nothing that the American people cannot accomplish when we stand together — one nation, united in purpose.
Happy Birthday to the one and only 
“60 days into the coronavirus crisis, the White House does not have a plan, a framework, a philosophy, or a goal.”Real presidents lead. Reality TV presidents don’t. 
Not only does the Trump Administration want to take away health coverage for millions in the middle of a pandemic, but now they want to let people go hungry, too. Their cruelty truly knows no bounds. 
Moments of crisis require swift and decisive action from our leaders, but Donald Trump and his administration have done nothing but dither and delay. They have failed the American people on every single front. 
I would trust the guy who’s one of our nation's top public health experts, not the one who pondered injecting disinfectant into the body and looked directly at a solar eclipse. 
Enough with the anger and division and fear-mongering, Mr. President. It's time for you to step up, appeal to our better angels, and unite the country. We'll overcome this crisis by coming together — not by tearing each other apart. 
It didn’t have to be this bad. Donald Trump utterly failed to prepare for this pandemic and delayed in taking the necessary steps to safeguard our nation against the near-worst-case-economic scenario we are now living. 
We owe so much to every single worker on the front lines of this crisis. The least we can do is provide them the pay and protection they need and deserve. Here's what I would do if I were president: 
I joined on Good Luck America to discuss everything from memes to stimulus oversight. Head to  to watch the interview today, Thursday, and Friday.
A united party is key to winning the White House this November. The work of the task forces will be essential to identifying ways to build on our progress and not simply turn the clock back to a time before Donald Trump — but transform our country. 
Donald Trump can put up all of the banners he wants in the Rose Garden, but it doesn’t change the fact that he failed our nation when it comes to COVID-19 testing. 
I wish the president would spend less time talking and tweeting and more time listening to experts like Dr. Fauci. This isn’t politics. This is life and death. 
 and I are saddened to learn of the passing of Aimee Stephens. We send our deepest condolences to her wife, Donna, and her family. Aimee's spirit and courage will not only be her legacy but our guiding light as we carry on her fight for equality. 
The Trump Administration clearly knows what's needed to make workplaces safe and operational: adequate testing, contact tracing, masks, and additional precautions.They're putting in the work to keep themselves safe. Why aren't they doing the same for the American people? 
This is a bunch of malarkey and you know it, We left a 69-page playbook on how to fight pandemics.You can read it here if you’d like: And make sure to pass along your notes to President Trump. He could use them. 
Donald Trump knew about this crisis all the way back in January — and his response since has been incompetent at best. 
That’s the plan. 
Here's the deal: We can choose who our country works for. We can choose whether it works for just the wealthy — or everyone else as well.That’s the choice we must make — all of us together — this November.
Let me be clear: My Administration will review every single stimulus loan given to big companies and political insiders. We will find any dollar taken corruptly, we will come get it, and we will punish the wrongdoers. 
I believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success — not just the Mar-a-Lago crowd.
Donald Trump just doesn't understand: We have an economic crisis because we have a public health crisis — and we have a public health crisis because he failed to act. 
In April, we raised $60.5 million between my campaign and I'm humbled and know what a sacrifice it is to give in times as difficult as these. But May is our most important month yet, and we need your help. If you can, please chip in today: 
Donald Trump and his team seem to understand how critical testing is to their own safety. So why are they insisting that it’s unnecessary for the American people?
With folks staying at home during this time of social distancing, we put together some fun activities to keep everyone entertained. Text FREE to 30330 to be the first to get a look at what we’ve been working on. 
Donald Trump hopes to split us into dueling camps, casting Democrats as doomsayers hoping to keep America grounded and Republicans as freedom fighters trying to liberate the economy.It’s a childish tactic—and a false choice none of us should fall for. 
I have a better idea: give people coronavirus economic relief and don't hold their hard-earned benefits hostage. 
This crisis presents an opportunity to not just rebuild our economy — but transform it. joined me to discuss how we can do that and create a stronger, fairer, more inclusive middle class.Listen to the full episode:  
No podemos callar ante la violencia contra personas transgénero de color, como las recientes tragedias en Missouri y Puerto Rico. Es nuestra obligación garantizar que todos puedan vivir abiertamente, con orgullo y sin miedo. 
We cannot be silent in the face of rising violence against transgender people of color—like the recent tragedies in Missouri and Puerto Rico. It's our moral obligation to end this epidemic, and ensure everyone can live open and proud and free from fear. 
 and I covered a lot of ground on the next episode of Here's the Deal, but the most surprising part might have been learning about his connection to the Roosevelts.Make sure to tune in for the full episode tomorrow morning:  
Don't let anyone tell you differently: We have the power to write the future we want for our country.
Tax cuts for the super-wealthy.Bailouts for large corporations.Working Americans left behind.That’s Donald Trump’s record. 
I believe rebuilding the middle class is the moral obligation of our time. We have to build a stronger, more inclusive, more resilient middle class — one that can withstand the next public health crisis or whatever else comes our way. 
Ordinary people, given half a chance, have never let their country down.That’s who I believe in. That’s who I’m in this race to fight for.
To the extraordinary mothers everywhere, like Catherine Eugenia Finnegan Biden, my wishes for a safe and happy Mother’s Day. 
There's a clear choice this November:Donald Trump will do everything he can to terminate health care for millions in a global pandemic.I will do everything I can to ensure every American has access to the quality, affordable care they need. 
There’s no quit in America. None at all. We’re going to get through this — and we're going to come out stronger.
This is inexcusable. 
No one should pay a dollar out of pocket for coronavirus testing or treatment. Period. 
Imagine what we could be doing now with the $2 trillion in tax cuts that Donald Trump delivered for his rich friends. 
We need to rebuild the backbone of this country — the middle class. And this time, we're going to bring everyone along.We have to make sure every single person gets a fair shot at success.
Crisis reveals character — and character belongs in the White House. 
Ahmaud Arbery was shot down in cold blood. His family deserves justice — and they deserve it now. 
Make no mistake: COVID-19 has caused a massive economic challenge. But this crisis hit us harder, and will last longer, because Donald Trump spent the last three years undermining the core pillars of our economic strength. 
Two years ago, Donald Trump withdrew from the Iran Deal. This week, he vetoed a war powers resolution that would've prevented him from starting a war with Iran without Congressional consent. His decisions have increased the risk of war in the Middle East. 
Corruption is a feature of Donald Trump's economic agenda—not a bug. He will pick his wealthy friends and corporate cronies over working families every time.I say it’s time we pick a different way—one where everyone gets a fair shot at success, not just the Mar-a-Lago crowd. 
75 years ago on  America and its allies defeated fascism in Europe. From the devastation of war, we built a lasting peace. Today, as we honor the veterans who sacrificed for us, let us remember the importance of uniting against common threats.
It didn’t have to be this bad. The hard truth is that Donald Trump was simply not up to the job. 
I’m the proud husband of a teacher who inspires me every day. I’ve seen firsthand how hard teachers work with little support and few resources. Thank you to all the amazing teachers who've inspired and educated the future of our country.  
 Today we celebrate military spouses--those who serve in their own way, enduring long deployments from the home front, packing…
Wouldn't it be nice to have a president who listens to someone other than himself? 
 LIVE BIDEN ADDRESS: Former VP Joe Biden is laying out his general election economic argument in an exclusive address on No…
Donald Trump loves to crow about what a great economy he built.This crisis has revealed what a failure Trumponomics has been. And American workers and families are paying the price. Tune in for my remarks live on at 12 PM EDT.
Here's the simple truth: The United States of America has never been defeated when we're together — and we're not going to be defeated now.We can and will overcome this.
I can't hit the campaign trail in-person due to COVID-19 — so instead, I’m traveling across the country from my home in Delaware. Head over to my Instagram to catch up on today’s trip to Florida 📲.
Where are the tests, Mr. President? 
Every step of the way, President Trump has ignored the experts, downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed, and misled the American people — and we’re all paying the price every single day.I promise you, I will do the opposite. 
 We’ve hit the virtual campaign trail! Tune in tonight as hosts a virtual rally in Tampa, Florida! 🎉Tune in live at…
Over 33 million Americans have filed unemployment claims since mid-March — one out of every five workers. It’s a national economic disaster that requires urgent action. We have to get help to everyone who needs it — efficiently, equitably, and immediately. 
Real presidents lead. Reality TV presidents don’t. 
I believe the moral obligation of our time is to rebuild our economy in a way that finally brings everyone along. A Biden Administration will encourage the economic empowerment of African Americans and close the racial wealth and income gaps.Read more: 
These folks are true heroes — every single one of them.Take a minute to read their stories: 
We can't host any in-person events due to COVID-19, but that won't stop me from hitting the campaign trail—virtually, of course. Tomorrow, I'll be making stops around Florida and wrapping up the day with a virtual rally in Tampa.Tune in at 5:15 PM ET:  
I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again: No one is expendable. No life is worth losing to add one more point to the Dow.
 HRC President Alphonso David Joins Joe Biden to Discuss HRC's Endorsement and the 2020 Election 
The nurses on the front lines of this crisis are American heroes. We owe them more than we could ever repay, but we can start by ensuring they have the protective equipment they need to stay safe, emergency paid sick leave, and premium pay. 
You heard it straight from the president himself: He wants to terminate health care for millions of Americans in the middle of a global pandemic.We can't let that happen. 
The stakes in this election have never been higher. Over the last few months, we've seen how wholly unfit Donald Trump is to lead our nation.We have to vote him out of the White House this November.
We can’t sit by as Donald Trump and Republicans use COVID-19 as an excuse to disenfranchise voters. We need to ensure people have the opportunity to vote by mail, early vote, vote absentee and, in every way possible, safely vote in person this November. 
  has fought for the LGBTQ community throughout his career -- which is why will fight with everything we have and mo…
Today, amid the COVID-19 pandemic, the Trump-backed lawsuit to dismantle the ACA enters a new phase. If Trump and Republican AGs succeed, it’ll mean devastation for our health care system that will cause untold pain and suffering. We can't let that happen. 
These stories are heartbreaking and remind us that the numbers we see in the news are more than just statistics. Every death is a tragedy and marks a family and community that will never be the same. and I are keeping them all in our prayers. 
The video is clear: Ahmaud Arbery was killed in cold blood. My heart goes out to his family, who deserve justice and deserve it now. It is time for a swift, full, and transparent investigation into his murder. 
This didn't have to happen. The Trump Administration failed to take action and produce desperately needed protective equipment — and those on the front lines of this crisis paid the price. It's heartbreaking. 
The Biden Administration will not silence scientists. 
The choice between the economy and public health is a false one—if we don’t beat the virus, we'll never get back to full economic strength and will lose countless lives. We have to get the number of new cases down and scale up testing before we return to some sense of normalcy. 
It’s important to stay connected while we’re social distancing — but there’s always that one friend who doesn’t get the hint when it’s time to end the video chat. Glad we don’t know anyone like that — right, 
It's been a big few weeks. President Obama, Secretary Clinton, Senator Sanders, Senator Warren, and Speaker Pelosi all endorsed our campaign. Now, we need your help to keep the momentum going.I know times are tough, but if you can, please chip in today: 
Each week, I get hundreds of letters from people across the country. Folks share their hopes, ideas, struggles, and concerns — and I try to respond to as many as I can. We're going to share a few of them with you in our new series: Sincerely, Joe. 
Thank you to all the:FirefightersParamedicsPolice officersDoctorsNursesMedical support staffGrocery and retail workersMeatpackersDelivery driversTransit workersAnd everyone else on the front lines of this fight.You truly are the heart and soul of this country.
Let me be clear: Essential workers on the front lines of this crisis deserve premium pay, emergency paid sick leave, and protections that keep them safe.
Across the country, folks are stepping up, taking care of their neighbors, and lending a hand to those in need. It's who we are. In times of crisis, we stand as one. And it makes me so proud to be an American. 
Today, I’m releasing a new plan to achieve equity for the African American community and take us one step closer to making America what it ought to be. Read more: 
Over 1 million cases of COVID-19. Almost 70,000 dead. What is upsetting President Trump? Tough questions from the press.Cry me a river, Mr. President. 
Make no mistake: We can emerge from this crisis a stronger, better, and fairer nation. It’s within our power — we just need a president and an administration who are up for the task.
 🚨 LULAC is honored to have Democratic Presidential Candidate to discuss how we can protect es…
I've always believed that we've been at our best when we've acted as one America. This crisis is an opportunity for us to be that nation again. There's not a single thing we cannot accomplish if we do it together.
In times of crisis, the American people deserve a president who tells them the truth and takes responsibility. Donald Trump has not been that president. 
The hard truth is that it didn’t have to be this bad. The lack of preparation, the slow response on testing, the failure to administer the relief in the CARES Act appropriately — all of it stems from Donald Trump’s failures as president. 
This Sunday night, settle in and join labor leader Dolores Huerta, actor John Leguizamo, Secretary Hilda Solis, and Congresswoman Escobar for a  discussion. Tune in now: 
The American people are strong, tough, brave, and big-hearted. We can and will overcome this — together.
Donald Trump seems to think he can direct funding based on which politicians are nice to him, which states he’s trying to win in November, and which businesses he wants to enrich — all without any accountability. and I think that’s unacceptable. 
 Today, join and Congresswoman for a moderated  discussion. Tune in at…
This  support for an independent press at home and around the world matters more than ever. We must vote Trump out this November and assure that attacks on our free press are never again acceptable — especially not in the White House. 
Trump deflects legitimate questions with attacks. He bullies members of the press, instead of taking responsibility for his failures. His efforts to undermine public confidence in the integrity of reporting violate our core values and threaten our very system of government.
A free press is essential to a free society. That's why attacking the press and attempting to intimidate independent media is a standard part of the authoritarian playbook around the world. And it’s why Donald Trump’s efforts to demonize the media put us on such a dangerous path.
The U.S. Postal Service is an essential pillar of American life. We simply cannot let Donald Trump destroy it. 
Over the last few weeks, I worked with our supporters and staff to create a code for our campaign—the principles we’ll live by, reflecting the community we’ve built, the team we aspire to be, and some of my own ‘rules’ as well.I’m excited to share it:  
This pandemic is bigger than any one individual or country. This moment requires all of us to come together — across the nation and around the world — to solve this crisis.
When I say Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history, this is what I'm talking about.Monty Bennett should return the tens of millions of dollars he received, and we should give it to the small businesses that need it. 
We left a playbook. He ignored it.We created an office to prepare for pandemics. He gutted it.We had CDC officials in China to detect and contain outbreaks. He pulled them out.Trump can try and shift blame all he wants, but the fact is his actions left us unprepared. 
Mi corazón y el de Jill están con Puerto Rico a raíz de los terremotos de hoy. Mientras la isla enfrenta el impacto de este suceso y la pandemia del COVID-19 tenemos que asegurarnos que reciban los recursos y la asistencia que necesitan para recuperarse lo más pronto posible.
My heart and Jill's are with the people of Puerto Rico in the wake of another damaging earthquake. As the island grapples with both the impact of this earthquake and this pandemic, we need to ensure they get the resources and assistance needed to recover as soon as possible.
To don’t give up this fight. This is not over yet.To equal pay, now. Or else when I'm president, you can go elsewhere for World Cup funding. 
On March 6th, Donald Trump said: “Anybody that wants a test can get a test.”It was a lie then, and it's still not true nearly two months later. It's a disgrace, and it's slowing efforts to reopen safely.This administration needs to act immediately to surge testing nationwide.
When we come together and act as one America, there's not a single thing we cannot accomplish.
No one should have to pay for coronavirus treatment. Period. 
I'll say what Donald Trump won't: The Confederate flag, swastikas, and other symbols of hate that have been used in these protests have no place in America. The president should encourage folks to follow Gov. Whitmer’s public health orders — not sow further discord and division. 
As we mark the beginning of Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, and I extend our best wishes to AANHPI communities across America. We look forward to celebrating your extraordinary accomplishments and contributions in the month ahead.
When we emerge from this crisis, we can't just go back to the way things were before. We have to build a better future for all.We can and will transform this nation — together.
This crisis isn't about you, Mr. President. It's about the American people. 
We have lived long enough with a President who doesn’t think he is accountable to anyone, and takes responsibility for nothing. That’s not me. As a Presidential candidate, I’m accountable to the American people. 
We need a president who listens. 
We need more tests. Our front line workers need protective equipment. Americans need additional economic relief.Yet the Trump Administration is spending time and energy on President Trump's wasteful border wall.Unbelievable. 
The number is overwhelming, but each one represents a life thrown into uncertainty, a family unable to make ends meet, and a community worried about how it will recover.We have to do more to help them. Now. 
- More than 60,000 people in the U.S. have died- 30 million have filed for unemployment- At least 1 million have gotten sickEnough with the late night Twitter tantrums, Mr. President. It's time for you to step up and lead.
Instead of preparing our country to fight COVID-19, Donald Trump wasted months and promised it would miraculously go away by April.He was wrong. And we're all paying the price. 
An open and independent press is more important than ever in times like this. They deserve to be treated with respect — not belittled with schoolyard taunts from this president. 
Donald Trump either read his daily briefings and ignored the warnings, or didn't read them at all. Either way, it's a complete and unjustifiable dereliction of duty. 
I’ve been a big fan of Megan’s for years and can’t wait to join her this afternoon. You can watch our chat live at 2:45 PM ET:  
We may be physically apart, but we are all in this together. 
As president, I promise you I'll honor all those we've lost from COVID-19. 
The climate emergency isn't just a threat to our environment, it's a threat to our health, economy, and so much more. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and take action to combat it before it's too late. 
In the middle of a global pandemic, the Trump Administration is still working to gut the Affordable Care Act and rip health care away from millions. It's morally reprehensible.They need to drop the lawsuit immediately. 
With rent due in a few days and folks across the country worried they won't be able to make their payments, it's clear more needs to be done to provide relief. We need to freeze rent immediately for people who have lost their jobs and place a temporary ban on evictions.
The words of a president matter — and Donald Trump has used his to downplay COVID-19, pass blame onto others, and mislead the American people. I will do the opposite. 
The Trump Admin failed to provide enough testing, PPE, and safety enforcement. Workers have gotten sick, plants have closed, and the meat supply is at risk. It's past time workers have the protections they need to stay healthy and do their job safely. 
"I wish he were president right now, but I can't wait until he is if all of us do our part to support the kind of person that we want back in the White House." — us:  
Wear a mask in public.Read your daily briefings.Listen to the experts.This really isn't rocket science. It's common sense.
Throughout our history, we have emerged from every crisis stronger than before — and we will again.
We owe a profound debt of gratitude to the health care workers on the front lines of this fight. I checked in with Monica, an ICU Nurse, to talk about how she's getting through this and to thank her for all she's doing: 
I couldn't agree with more. We need a president who will listen to the science, bring us together, and lead with compassion and heart. If I have the honor of being elected, that's the exact kind of president I will be. 
There are nearly 330 million people in the United States — and according to the Trump White House, we've only conducted 5.4 million COVID-19 tests. It's abysmal.Donald Trump needs to scale up testing, and he needs to do it immediately.
Let me be very clear: No one is expendable.We shouldn’t allow rationing of health care that discriminates based on age or disability.
The fact is there has been so much unnecessary death in this country. If we had listened to the experts and heeded their warnings, it could have been stopped short. But Donald Trump failed to act — and now the American people are paying the price. 
I’ve known for years, and know that her dedication and passion for bettering our country are second to none. I’m grateful for her endorsement and for her friendship — and look forward to working alongside her to get Donald Trump out of the White House. 
COVID-19 is affecting the entire nation, but the impact doesn’t look the same for everyone. I'm hosting a town hall on how COVID-19 is impacting women — and I'll be joined by special guest Hillary Clinton. Tune in now to watch: 
If you're excited too, join us at 3 PM ET: 
(I'm with her.) 
We're months into this crisis and workers still don't have enough protective equipment, there still aren't enough tests, and the death toll continues to rise.The President should spend less time congratulating himself and more time doing his job. 
We are months into this crisis, and health care workers still don’t have the protective equipment they need. It’s a national disgrace. 
Tomorrow afternoon, I'll be hosting a town hall on how COVID-19 is impacting women — and I'll be joined by a special guest. Tune in at 3 PM ET to watch:  
The Trump Administration could have helped prevent this. But once again, they failed to take action — and now the American people are paying the price. 
Testing is the springboard we need to help get our economy safely up and running again. Trump could rapidly scale it up. He hasn’t. Instead, he’s passed blame and pushed sole responsibility to governors.We've got to do better. 
 Join me and special guests, including award-winning artist Cyndi Lauper and Virginia Delegate Danica Roem, for our first LGBTQ…
COVID-19 is a danger to everyone. We will stop it by coming together as one America — not by targeting others.Thank you for helping lead this fight, 
Join Senator Kamala Harris and Symone Sanders for a town hall addressing the impact and disparities of COVID-19 in the Black community. Tune in now: 
COVID-19 can hit anyone, anywhere — but it doesn’t affect every community equally. This afternoon, join Senator and for a discussion on its disproportionate impact on communities of color.Tune in at 3:30 PM ET:  
 On Monday at 6 pm ET,  join and me for a  Social Hour! Joining us will be VA Del.
We want our country to get moving and healthy again. But we must take the necessary, rational steps, grounded in science, to do so safely, so COVID-19 doesn’t come roaring back. 
I'm incredibly honored by endorsement and grateful for her historic leadership in Congress. Together, we helped pass Obamacare and together we can not only bring this country back from the brink from this current crisis, but transform it. 
America has always met every big challenge with an even bigger solution — this moment should be no different. We need an infrastructure program that will combat climate change and create good-paying jobs at the same time.
Wealthy firms with ties to Trump got millions, while countless small businesses were turned away. No wonder he wanted no one to watch how the money was deployed.The American people deserve rigorous oversight — and small businesses deserve relief. Now. 
The American people are stepping up and rising to meet this moment. It's time for our president to do the same.
Now more than ever, we need a president who will choose hope over fear, unity over division, truth over lies, and science over fiction. 
Imagine the future we can build with Donald Trump out of the White House. A future where:- Health care is a right- We combat climate change- We end our gun violence epidemic- Our government works for all — not just the powerfulLet’s build that future, together.
The workers on the front lines of this crisis are risking their lives every day to combat COVID-19 and keep this country running. The least we can do is provide them the pay and protection they need and deserve. 
366 days ago, we launched this campaign.192 days from now, we’ll beat Donald Trump.Let’s go win this thing, together. 
 I bet this made their day. Thank you for stepping up and doing what you can to help those on the front lines of this fight.
 Michelle, this is a great idea. Thank you for doing what you can to ensure folks have the masks they need to stay safe.
 Julie, I can’t thank you enough for all you’re doing to ensure folks have food and supplies during this crisis.
 This is great, Addie. Tell your mom and sister I say thank you for lending a helping hand to your neighbors.
 Amanda, this is remarkable. Thank you for stepping up and supporting our front line heroes. I know the staff will greatly appreciate your donations.
Today, folks across the nation have showed their compassion by participating in our first ever   Tune in now as we end the day with a celebration for our campaign’s one year anniversary: 
One year ago, we launched this campaign. Whether you were on  from day one or have joined in recent weeks — I’m incredibly grateful for your support and hope I make you proud. Together, we’re going to beat Donald Trump, unite this country, and transform our nation.
It’s stories like these that make me so proud to be an American and make me confident that we will overcome this. Because there’s nothing the American people have been unable to accomplish when we do it together.
After seeing the shortage of masks around the country, Marilyn decided to step up and organize efforts in Northern Virginia to make homemade masks. Because of her selfless work, countless front line workers have the masks they need to stay safe.
Older adults are especially vulnerable to COVID-19. Recognizing that, Erica decided to organize youth in her community to buy groceries for seniors — ensuring they receive the food they need while staying safe at home. She's a true hero.
Brien usually works at the Ford Plant in Rawsonville, Michigan, driving a semi. But when the plant started assembling much-needed ventilators, he courageously stepped up and volunteered to help. His selfless actions will no doubt save countless lives.
John, a Facilities Maintainer from Staten Island, recently contracted and survived the coronavirus. Shortly after he recovered, a colleague contracted the virus and needed plasma to battle it. John heroically stepped up and donated his plasma to help his coworker.
Across the country, people are stepping up and doing incredible things amid this pandemic. It’s who we are as Americans—in times of crisis, we stand as one. For  I called a few folks to thank them for all they’re doing. Here are some of their stories:
Tonight, we’re hosting a  rally to celebrate the one-year anniversary of our campaign! Join us at 7 PM ET:  
We may be physically apart, but folks across the country are coming together to check in on their neighbors and thank our front line heroes. Use  to show how you’re participating today. 
When I announced my campaign one year ago today, I said we were in a battle for the soul of the nation.One year later, that is as true as it has ever been. I believe we can and we will emerge from this crisis a stronger, better, and fairer nation. Together, as one America. 
Donald Trump needs to step up and do everything he can to give our front line workers the protective equipment they need. 
I know times are tough, but we have to campaign as hard as ever to take the strongest fight possible to Donald Trump. He has a lot more money than us, and we need your help to close the gap.If you can, please chip in today: 
Folks, to celebrate the one-year anniversary of our campaign, we'll be hosting a  Rally tomorrow night! We may be physically apart, but I hope you'll join us in coming together at 7 PM ET:  
The health of the American people is not a joke, Mr. President. 
I can’t believe I have to say this, but please don’t drink bleach.
Let me be clear: This crisis isn’t about you, Mr. President. 
Today, we remember the atrocities faced by the Armenian people in the Metz Yeghern — the Armenian Genocide. If elected, I pledge to support a resolution recognizing the Armenian Genocide and will make universal human rights a top priority. 
No matter who you supported throughout the primary, I want you to know that you have a home in our campaign. You’re not just wanted — you’re needed. Together, we will beat Donald Trump and transform this nation.Join us:  
These folks are American heroes. 
I know this is a dark time for so many people, just know that we will get through this. We will emerge from this crisis stronger than ever before. 
UV light? Injecting disinfectant?Here’s an idea, Mr. President: more tests. Now. And protective equipment for actual medical professionals. 
The words of a president matter — never more than in times of crisis. A president should seek to calm and heal, provide a steady hand, and a clear path forward.Instead, this is what we get from Donald Trump: 
Donald Trump will always put his wealthy and well-connected friends first — that should come as no surprise. But to allow the banks to do it on the backs of small business owners in the middle of a global pandemic is a new low — even for him. 
To celebrate the one-year anniversary of our campaign, we're hosting our first  this weekend. Folks across the nation will be taking time to check-in on neighbors and thank those on the front lines of this fight.I hope you'll join us:  
As Muslim families across America and around the world celebrate the beginning of Ramadan, and I want to extend our best wishes to all who are observing this holy month. Ramadan Mubarak. 
Times of crisis often bring out our best. There are so many stories of good happening around the world amid the COVID-19 pandemic. Take a minute to read a few: 
26 million people unemployed. That's not just a statistic  — every one is a life thrown into uncertainty. Every worker left wondering when they will next see a paycheck is part of this American crisis  —  and Donald Trump isn't doing enough for them. 
Unlike our current president, I will always choose science over fiction. 
Make no mistake: The climate crisis poses an existential threat to our future. But I know the American people have the spirit, power, and ingenuity to meet the challenge head-on. There’s nothing we’ve been unable to accomplish when we do it together.
Workers, like grocery store cashiers, are on the front lines of this crisis risking their lives every day to combat COVID-19 and keep this country running. President Trump is refusing to do his job, but we've got to do ours. Learn more:  
Our planet cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump.
We have the power to change the future of our planet — and it starts at the ballot box this November. 
This  let’s recommit to doing everything in our power to combat climate change. That starts with voting Donald Trump out of the White House this November.
 Stranger things have happened.
Fifty years ago,  began as a day of organizing that demonstrated the power of community action. This year, it’s also a reminder of everything that’s on the line if we do not get Donald Trump out of the White House. 
The climate emergency requires our urgent action. As president, I will:- Ensure we achieve a 100% clean energy economy and net-zero emissions by 2050- Rejoin the  and rally the world to go further- Make the largest-ever investment in clean energy
Join me on Earth Day for a virtual town hall with special guest Al Gore — on one of the most pressing issues facing our country and the world. Tune in now: 
Join me on  for a virtual town hall — on one of the most pressing issues facing the world. Tune in at 2:30 PM ET:  
Throughout my career, I've been committed to the fight against climate change. And on day one as president, I'll get to work taking the drastic action we need to address this crisis.  
On  we're reminded that there is no more urgent crisis facing this nation, or the world, than the threat posed by climate change. We have to take drastic action before it’s too late — and that’s exactly what I will do as president. 
Folks, we just launched a special  episode of Here's the Deal! Governor joins me for a discussion on COVID-19, climate change, and why he's supporting our campaign.Listen to the full episode now:  
The Trump Administration promised 27 million tests by the end of March.As of now, only 4 million have been completed. It’s unacceptable.We can’t safely reopen the economy without scaling up testing, and we can’t effectively scale up testing unless Donald Trump does his job.
The Paycheck Protection Program was intended to send help to the small businesses that needed it most, but President Trump adopted an approach to help his high-priced friends. We've got to do better.Here's what I would do if I were president: 
The right to vote is the most fundamental American right there is. We need to immediately expand vote-by-mail, online voter registration, and early voting to ensure everyone can safely exercise their right to participate in our electoral process. 
I know COVID-19 is causing many people to feel anxious about what the future holds or lonely during this time of social distancing — and that's okay, just know that you're not alone. I've asked my friend, Dr. Vivek Murthy, to share a few tips on how to get through this: 
This Holocaust Remembrance Day, as we remember the millions of Jews who lost their lives at the hands of the Nazi regime, we recommit to ensuring such atrocities never again occur. With anti-Semitism on the rise, all of us must root out intolerance and give hate no safe harbor.
Out of every trial and tribulation, America has always emerged stronger — and we will again. We will not be defeated.
I am honored to have the endorsement of the League of Conservation Voters, a leading environmental advocacy organization. Climate change is an existential threat, and there is no greater challenge and opportunity facing our country and our world. 
In March alone, this campaign raised $46.7 million, with 70% from online donations. This virus has changed our campaign. But it hasn't changed the unwavering support we've gotten from all of you. Together, we're going to defeat Trump. Help keep us going: 
The President needs to stop blaming others and do his job.
Tune in now as hosts a town hall on gun violence with  21 years after the Columbine High School massacre: 
No kid should fear for their life at school ; no parent should worry whether their kid will come home safe. Today, 21 years after the Columbine shooting, will host a town hall with students on how we can end this epidemic. Tune in at 7 PM:  
The office of the presidency comes with the ultimate responsibility for the biggest decisions in the world. Every great president throughout our history has met that duty with the leadership it demands. Donald Trump has not. 
Like many families, we have had to find new ways to stay connected while we're physically apart. We've been video chatting with our grandchildren a lot and decided to record one to share with you all. Take a look: 
On  folks will be doing everything from sewing masks and hosting food drives to writing letters to first responders and making calls to check in on neighbors. We are all in this together–and I hope you'll join us by signing up to take action: 
In times of crisis, Americans stand as one. We lend a hand to our neighbors and take care of those in need. It's who we are. In that spirit, and to celebrate the one-year anniversary of our campaign, we're hosting S.O.U.L. of the Nation Saturday this weekend.
We have to come together to make Donald Trump a one-term president. Once we do that, we will not only do the hard work of rebuilding this nation — we will transform it and create a better future for all.
On this week’s episode of Here’s the Deal, Senator joins me for a discussion on how COVID-19 has impacted her family and what drove her to get involved in politics.Listen to the full episode at:  
At a time when Trump is fanning the flames of white supremacy and hatred in our country, my heart is with the families of those we lost in the Oklahoma City bombing 25 years ago today. We must never give up the fight against these forces of hate and intolerance. 
Tune in to watch and actor host a town hall on how COVID-19 has impacted workers in the entertainment industry: 
 and I are keeping the loved ones of the more than 40,000 people in the U.S. we've lost due to COVID-19 in our prayers. This is a solemn day for our nation, and there will be more hard days ahead. But if we pull together, we will get through this. I promise. 
Tonight, and actor will be hosting a town hall focused on how COVID-19 is impacting workers in the entertainment industry.Tune in at 7 PM ET to watch:  
To everyone working on the front lines of this crisis, thank you. We truly couldn't get through this without you. 
No President can promise to prevent future outbreaks. But I can promise you that when I'm President, we will prepare better, respond better, and recover better. We'll listen to the experts and heed their advice. And I will always tell you the truth.
At a time when studies are linking air pollution with COVID-19 mortality rates for the most vulnerable in our society, the Trump Administration is rolling back environmental protections — allowing more poison into our air. 
As Kierkegaard said, “faith sees best in the dark.” I've always believed that. This pandemic is keeping many communities apart, but we've still got to keep the faith. Jill and I are wishing a Happy Easter to all of the Orthodox Christians celebrating around the world. 
The United States should be standing up for freedom and standing with the people of Hong Kong. Instead, Trump has said he's “standing with Xi Jinping.” That's weak. We need to be strong on values when it comes to China. That's what I'll do as president. 
I couldn't be prouder of my friends and Chris Martin of for organizing the One World:  broadcast. We are all in this fight together — and if we stand as one, we will defeat COVID-19. 
On Sunday night, and actor will be hosting an unemployment town hall on how COVID-19 is impacting entertainment workers. Tune in tomorrow at 7 PM ET to watch live:  
We will not be defeated. 
Donald Trump left our country unprepared and unprotected for the worst public health and economic crisis in our lifetime — and now we're paying the price. 
Donald Trump says he’s a wartime president — it’s time for him to act like one.
Donald Trump may not like it, but it's his responsibility to step up and lead our nation's testing strategy. Mass testing is key to reopening the economy and returning to some semblance of normalcy. 
Donald Trump continues to do the exact thing we teach our kids not to do: blame others. It’s always somebody else's fault — never his. It’s unbelievable.We deserve better from our commander in chief. 
Donald Trump is not responsible for COVID-19, but he is responsible for our slow, uncoordinated response.Experts say that if we had acted two weeks earlier, more lives could have been saved.Trump failed to take swift action—and we're paying the price. 
President Trump is trying to rewrite history when it comes to China and COVID-19 — but the facts don't back him up. Tony Blinken was the Deputy Secretary of State and is one of my top foreign policy advisors. He'll explain. 
The uncomfortable truth is that Donald Trump left America exposed and vulnerable to this pandemic. He ignored the warnings of health experts and intelligence agencies and put his trust in China's leaders instead. Now, we're all paying the price.Let me explain how we got here: 
I know the American people will beat this. We’re brave and big-hearted. We’ve emerged stronger from every crisis that has tested us as a nation — and we will again.
We’re in the middle of a global pandemic. No one feeling ill should have to choose between earning a paycheck or staying home to recover. We need to provide paid sick leave to everyone who needs it immediately.
It's been a big week: President Obama, Senator Sanders, and Senator Warren all endorsed our campaign — and we need your help to keep this momentum going.I know times are tough, but if you're able, please chip in today: 
Together, we will defeat Donald Trump. 
Today’s news that more than 22 million people filed unemployment claims over the last month is devastating. It’s clear more needs to be done to help hardworking Americans—so I’m calling for a bigger, bolder approach to keeping people on the job. Read more: 
These racist acts have got to stop. No one should be targeted for what they look like, where they or their ancestors come from, or who they are.COVID-19 is a danger to everyone. We will stop it by coming together—not by targeting people of AAPI heritage. 
Here's the simple truth: This nation has never been defeated when we're together — and we're not going to be defeated now. We will overcome this. 
When we emerge from this crisis, we can't just go back to the way things were. We need to build a better future for all.
To combat COVID-19, we need a decisive public health response to curb its spread and a comprehensive economic response that delivers real relief to Americans.I've released several plans outlining exactly what I would do if I were president. Take a look: 
When somebody is President of the United States, the responsibility is total. 
So this week, we’re working through what ours will be. There are a few I know: compassion, kindness, humility, gratitude, and joy. But I want your help. Our supporters have been here from the start—and I want to know: what should be in our campaign’s code? 
We won’t defeat this President by being like him. We’ll win by doing the opposite. Where he seeks to divide us, we’ll connect people. Where he shows cruelty, we’ll show compassion. And when he fights, we’ll fight harder. But we can’t do it without you.
Mayor campaign had a set of “rules of the road” that helped define the character of his campaign and his supporters. I think it’s a good idea, and one I’d like to adopt.
In the Biden family, we have a code: My mom used to always tell me, “Joey, no one is better than you. Everyone is your equal, and everyone is equal to you.” I’m working on building one for our campaign, too.
Managing an economic relief and recovery effort is hard, painstaking work. The devil is in the details. It’s all about follow-through.I've done the work before, and I'll be ready to do it on day one as president. 
We are building the movement that will beat Donald Trump.Join us:  
Millions of folks are relying on the workers at the front lines of this crisis. I’ll be talking to a few of them for our virtual town hall. Tune in: 
This afternoon, I’ll be hosting a virtual town hall with a few workers on the front lines of this crisis. Tune in at 3:00 PM ET to watch live:  
COVID-19 is amplifying so many inequities in our society. We have to ensure support gets to those who need it immediately, and then do the necessary work to rip out the structural racism that creates these inequalities. 
The President’s vanity is preventing people from paying their bills. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation and I’m proud to have the fiercest of fighters, Senator on my side. With her help, we’re going to beat Donald Trump and create a government that works for everyone — not just the wealthy and well-connected. Let’s do this. 
From my basement to your sneaker room. Tune in Thursday at 11 PM ET on to watch! 
I want Donald Trump to look these folks in the eye and explain to them why they or their loved ones haven’t been able to get tested for COVID-19. We’ve got to do better. 
Let’s do this. 
Millions of people are relying on the workers on the front lines of this crisis. Tomorrow, I’ll be joined by a few of them for a virtual town hall. Tune in tomorrow at 3PM ET:  
You have great taste, 
Stories like this showcase exactly who we are as Americans. In times of crisis, we stand as one. We help out folks we've never met, lift each other up, and do our part to ensure we make it through.We will overcome this, together. 
President Obama understands, as I do, that we will come through this crisis stronger. And then we’ll not only rebuild this nation — we will transform it. 
Barack — This endorsement means the world to Jill and me. We’re going to build on the progress we made together, and there’s no one I’d rather have standing by my side. 
Leadership is about never proclaiming power. It’s about collaboration, it’s about coming together in a crisis and finding common ground. It’s about results.  That’s who I am and the role I aspire to fulfill in guiding this democratic nation to better times.
I am not running for office to be King of America. I respect the Constitution. I’ve read the Constitution. I’ve sworn an oath to it many times. I respect the great job so many of this country’s governors — Democratic and Republican — are doing under these horrific circumstances. 
I want to congratulate on her hard-earned victory tonight. In the face of rampant voter suppression and GOP recklessness, the people of Wisconsin showed up and made their choice clear. I know Wisconsin will be a fairer, more just state with Jill on the court. 
I am grateful to have the support of so many Wisconsinites and proud of the courage and commitment folks showed during last week's primary — but it should never have come to that.No one should ever have to choose between their health and our democracy. 
It shouldn't take a global pandemic shutting down schools to end school shootings. 
For months, the Trump Administration was repeatedly warned about the threat COVID-19 posed to our nation. They ignored the experts, failed to take action, and now Americans are paying the price. 
We’re in the middle of a global pandemic. We need a president who actually listens to public health experts. 
To Bernie’s supporters: I see you, I hear you, and I understand the urgency of what it is we have to get done in this country. I hope you will join us. You are more than welcome on this campaign. You’re needed. 
Unity. 
I'm speaking now about our nation's economic response to COVID -- and I'll have a special guest with me. Tune in: 
Folks, I hope you'll join my 2:00 PM Economic Response to COVID-19 remarks — I'll be joined by a special guest. Tune in at 2:00 PM to watch live! 
Our U.S. Postal Service workers are at the front lines of this crisis. Millions of people are relying on them for things like medicine and other essentials.And the President is trying to let them fail. Congress should do everything it can to prevent this. 
Tune in at 2:00 PM today for remarks on the urgent and dire need for a full economic response to COVID-19 at  
For this episode of Here’s the Deal, Pulitzer Prize-winning author Jon Meacham joined me to discuss presidential leadership and what it should look like in times of crisis.You can listen to the full episode at  or wherever you get your podcasts. 
We're facing a crisis unlike any we've faced before — and I couldn't be prouder of how the American people are responding. 
To everyone on the front lines of the fight against COVID-19, thank you. We truly couldn't get through this without you.
As we prepare to reopen America, we have to remember what this crisis has taught us: The administration’s failure to plan, to prepare, to honestly assess and communicate the threat to the nation led to catastrophic results. We cannot repeat those mistakes. 
Folks, we just released a special Sunday episode of Here’s the Deal! joined me for a discussion on faith and its intersection with some of the most pressing issues we face as a nation.Listen at  or wherever you get your podcasts. 
This Easter, Jill and I wish all of you and your families a safe and joyful celebration, and we join our prayers with those of people from every faith for health, happiness, and a renewal of life in the year to come. 
 While our family may be physically distancing, our traditions keep us connected. Ready for Easter! 
We are in the middle of a global pandemic — and people need access to health care now more than ever. Donald Trump should reopen Obamacare enrollment immediately.
This new enemy may be unseen, but we have the tools, the expertise, the will, and the spirit to defeat it. There is nothing the American people can't accomplish if we work together.
We need to help as many working families and small businesses as possible. Workers who have lost their jobs or seen their hours slashed and families who are struggling to pay rent and put food on the table need help immediately. There's no time to waste. 
We are months into this crisis and our heroes on the front lines still don't have the protective equipment they need to stay safe. It's unconscionable.Donald Trump needs to fully use the power of the Defense Production Act immediately. 
Now more than ever, we have to choose hope over fear, unity over division, truth over lies, and science over fiction.
President Trump needs to do everything in his power to expand the number of testing sites and surge the number of tests. Mass testing is key to reopening the economy and finding a way out of this crisis. 
The American people are strong, tough, brave, and big-hearted. There's nothing we can't do if we do it together.
No one should be forced out of their home in the middle of a global pandemic. We need to freeze rent for people who lose their jobs and place a ban on evictions immediately. 
We need a president who demonstrates the leadership to address every aspect of this pandemic  —  including the spate of racist incidents targeting Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders  —  with urgency and seriousness. Donald Trump is not that president. 
The folks on the front lines of this crisis are American heroes. 
La historia de los EE.UU. es la historia de gente común que hace cosas extraordinarias. Sé que unidos, y como una nación, nosotros somos más fuertes que este virus. Sé que superaremos esto y seremos más fuertes por ello, se lo prometo. No pierdan la fe. 
The health inequities being exposed by COVID-19 are unconscionable.We can do better. We have to. 
Whether you supported Bernie or any other candidate throughout the primary, know that there is a home for you in our campaign. You're not just welcome — you're needed. And I will do everything I can to earn your vote this November.
America’s story is one of ordinary people doing extraordinary things given half a chance. This virus is tough. But together and as a nation — we're tougher.I know we’ll get through this and we’ll be stronger for it, I promise you. Keep the faith. 
The stakes in this election have never been higher. We have to come together and beat Donald Trump.
This virus can hit anyone — regardless of race, economic status, or access to power — but it doesn’t impact every community equally. It hits hardest those who are most vulnerable and who have the fewest resources.We have to do better for all our people. 
The devastating unemployment numbers have made one thing even clearer: We need a fourth coronavirus relief package, and we need it fast. We need to take extraordinary steps to protect American families and ensure those laid off are made financially whole. 
This morning's news of another rise in unemployment claims—on top of the millions already filed—is devastating. We have to make sure those affected get the benefits they deserve, but we can't stop there.I'm announcing two new policies to help Americans get the relief they need: 
I can't believe I have to say this, but we should be expanding the number of testing sites and surging the number of tests — not reducing them. Testing is key to finding a way out of this crisis. 
We have to do more to ease the economic burden on working people. So today, I'm adopting two new policies to help deliver relief. As president, I will:- Lower Medicare eligibility to age 60- Forgive student debt for low-income and middle class families 
Let me be clear: No one should have to pay for their coronavirus treatment.
Eleven-year-old Isaac Johnston asked me what else kids should be doing in addition to washing their hands and staying home. My advice was simple:- Stay a safe distance from friends- Sneeze into your elbow- And eat your vegetables 
A total of about 17 million people have filed for unemployment over the last three weeks. This is unprecedented. The economic devastation that families all across this country are experiencing is not their fault. We've got to take extraordinary steps to protect them. 
We're seeing the soul of our nation on full display every day in this crisis — and it makes me so proud to be an American. 
If we come together, we will defeat Donald Trump. And when we do that, we will not only do the hard work of rebuilding this nation — we will transform it.
This nation has never been defeated when we’re together. And we’re not going to be defeated now.
Join our virtual town hall on unemployment and the issues currently facing working families across the nation. Tune in now: 
The coronavirus is not Donald Trump's fault, but the slow and chaotic response to it is. He's the commander in chief — it's time he steps up, takes responsibility, and does his job. 
The primary is over, but we're just getting started. We're building a campaign to defeat Donald Trump and ensure that America finally lives up to our founding promises — but we can't do it without your help.If you're with us, chip in today: 
In the wake of COVID-19, working families across the country are facing a whole new set of challenges. This afternoon, I'll be hosting a town hall to listen to folks' concerns and discuss what we should be doing to deliver relief.Tune in at 5:30 PM ET:  
Together we will defeat Donald Trump. But we will also address the climate crisis. We will make college affordable. And we will make health care available to all.  We will not just rebuild this nation – we’ll transform it. And I’m asking you to join me. 
And to Bernie’s supporters: I know that I need to earn your votes. And I know that might take time. But I want you to know that I see you, I hear you, and I understand the urgency of this moment. I hope you'll join us. You're more than welcome: You're needed.
We know how hard this is. You have put the interest of the nation – and the need to defeat Donald Trump – above all else. And for that we’re grateful. But we want you to know: we’ll be reaching out. You’ll be heard by me. As you say: Not me, Us.
To Bernie and Jane, as friends, from Jill and me: You haven’t just run a political campaign; you’ve created a movement. And make no mistake about it, we believe it’s a movement that is as powerful today as it was yesterday. That’s a good thing for our nation and our future.
I know Bernie well. He’s a good man, a great leader, and one of the most powerful voices for change in our country. And it’s hard to sum up his contributions to our politics in one, single tweet. So I won’t try to. 
As Jewish families across America and around the world prepare to observe the first night of Passover, Jill and I want to say chag sameach, and offer our very best wishes, to all who are celebrating. 
It is a national disgrace that our health care workers still don't have the protective equipment they need. Donald Trump needs to fully use the power of the Defense Production Act to deliver these life-saving supplies. 
We’re starting to see evidence that long-term exposure to air pollution—which disproportionately affects communities of color ; low-income communities—is linked to COVID-19 death rates. It's past time we treat pollution like the threat to our health it is. 
The weeks ahead will be some of the toughest we’ve ever experienced as a nation. We need to face them with the same spirit and resolve that have guided us through previous crises. Because out of every trial and tribulation, America has always emerged stronger — and we will again.
Folks, I know these are tough times, but this crisis has made it clearer than ever how much elections matter — and what a difference it makes who is in the White House. If you can, please chip in to fuel our campaign. I would really appreciate it. 
