"I’m convinced that Kirsten Gillibrand is not only the best candidate to go up against Donald Trump, but the person with the right personal qualities to lead this country at this time in our history."Thank you, 
I've fought for LGBTQ rights my entire career—even when I was told it wasn't convenient to do so—and I have the most comprehensive LGBTQ rights agenda in the 2020 field.LGBTQ Americans deserve a president who fights for them no matter what. 
We're Democrats. If we're not talking about reproductive rights, LGBTQ rights, and getting money out of politics on our debate stages, no one will. That's exactly why I need to be on the debate stage.Chip in to help secure my spot by tomorrow's deadline:  
It’s almost like blatantly undercutting established reproductive rights is unconstitutional. 
I'm committed to making college accessible for all and highlighting the importance of public service in our country. That's why I'm excited to accept presidential challenge by pledging to pass my National Public Service plan in my first 100 days as president. 
This is big: Our campaign is having a national house party and virtual town hall next week! I'll be there, too.We need volunteers to host parties in all 50 states—can you host one? Sign up here: 
 My op ed on why  is the perfect antidote to Donald Trump.    
It's a fact that the U.S. Constitution does not enshrine equal rights for Americans, regardless of gender. It's also unacceptable.It's time we pass the Equal Rights Amendment. 
Crushed it, That  performance was good as hell 👑 
Maple is still celebrating  doing what she does best: running like the wind, being a very good girl. 
Companies that have unscrupulously pushed opioids to drive up their profits—destroying countless lives and creating an addiction crisis in the process—need to be held accountable. This is just a start. 
Women need a president who will treat their  health and rights as priorities to fight for—not an afterthought or political bargaining chip.I’ve never wavered when it comes to fighting for women, and I never will. 
"As a leader in the youth political community, an authentic, compassionate candidate was at the top of my criteria list. Kirsten has that, and it is why, today, I am announcing my endorsement of Kirsten Gillibrand for president." 
 New guest piece: The recent chair of the Youth Polk County Democrats explains how Kirsten Gillibrand's authenticity, co…
Happy  from Maple Gillibrand 🐶 
"Kirsten is tough. She’s a fighter through and through and she gets results... She has the strength of character to do the right thing, even if it’s hard and even if it means standing alone because that’s who she is and that’s what she’s always done." 
Women are half the population.Issues that ensure our economic security—paid leave, equal pay, affordable childcare—are not just side issues or “women’s issues.”And our rights are nonnegotiable.This  let’s decide that we value women. And it’s about time. 
I wouldn’t want to bike through a monsoon with anyone but you, 
We know what happens when we have a president who doesn't value women: Our most fundamental rights get put on the chopping block.It's about time we had a president who knows that women's rights are human rights, and fights for them no matter what. 
Thirty states around the country are trying to ban abortion. Roe v. Wade is at risk. But I made sure to bring up reproductive rights in the debates, even if there were zero questions about them.Help get me—and this crucial issue—to the next debate: 
I don't believe in "impossible." And no matter how tough the fights we're facing are—whether it's the global climate crisis, the nationwide assault on reproductive rights, or our gun violence epidemic—we have to be brave enough to take them on.  
I take on fights others won't, because I've never lost sight of the fact that I'm fighting for you. I advocate for issues that are too often sidelined, because they deserve a voice.Now I need your help to take that fight to the next debate:  
We're one of the wealthiest and most powerful countries in the world. We're also one of the top carbon emissions producers in the world.If we're not leading the charge to turn the climate crisis around, we're not just failing our own country—we're failing the entire planet. 
 It’s a beautiful day to door knock !!!!! No humidity !!!! Green everywhere !!! Lovely volunteers !!!! !…
 Great first day canvassing for on this breezy beautiful day ☀️💕  
 Couldn’t have asked for nicer weather (or friends to be with!) today. We’re excited to hit the doors for 
 I am pumped on this BEAUTIFUL day to canvass for here in Cedar Falls!!💕💙💕  
 First day doorknocking for today!! Had a BLAST talking to caucus-goers about Kirsten ; her policy plans! 
"The effects of forest destruction in the Amazon don't stay in the Amazon. They affect us all." 
Henry hopes you all have a fabulous weekend. 
The fact that we are the only industrialized nation in the world without paid family leave says a lot about our country's priorities.I'm out to change them.
Our planet is on fire. Climate change is here. And its effects will hurt all of us.Like Stephen said, we have one last chance to get this right. And I have the best plan in the 2020 field to do it.
What Secretary Ashcroft did to prevent the will of the people of Missouri is unconstitutional, and quite frankly, pathetic. Reproductive rights are human rights. Abortion needs to be accessible, safe, and legal—period.
We can’t just tune the Trump noise out. We have to shut it down.
Defending women's rights.Getting money out of politics.Passing Medicare for All.Nothing is impossible if we fight for it.
Cleaning up our elections won't just root out the corruption and greed in Washington, it will also change who has a seat at the table. And in a healthy democracy, it's everyday people—not just the wealthy—who have a say in how their government works. 
If this Kettering, OH health center is forced to close, the nearest provider would be about an hour away.Attacks on reproductive freedom won't end abortion. They'll just put women and doctors in danger. 
At the end of the day, none of the ideas we're talking about in this election will happen if we don't address the root causes of Washington's dysfunction: greed and corruption. 
Evergreen. 
A threat to reproductive justice for some is a threat to reproductive justice for all. We need to repeal the Helms Amendment. 
 ‘[Trump] doesn’t care about people with disabilities.’ — joined this forum on living with disabilities to t…
There are wildfires ravaging the Amazon that have been burning for weeks now.There are wildfires here at home tearing through a dozen states.The climate crisis isn't coming. It's here. And we need serious action to meet it. 
At a time when the U.S. government is demonizing transgender Americans and trans people are disproportionately victims of hate crimes, Democrats need to step up and lead on protecting trans rights. I have and I will.
Huge news: We've officially crossed 115,000 donors! We're getting closer to the debate stage every day, but we still need your help to make it across the finish line. Can you send a dollar to get me there? 
President Trump doesn't have the guts to stand up to the NRA. If we want elected leaders to actually do their jobs, we need to weed out the ones who are beholden to special interests like the gun lobby—and we need publicly funded elections to do it. 
One of the biggest issues we're facing in this election is how we can make life better for American families. A great place to start is with my Family Bill of Rights, and I'll get it done in my first 100 days in office:  
Colorado is one of our most important opportunities to flip the Senate in 2020—and we have a true champion to do it. I'm so glad is in this race. Join him here and let’s win this:  
Today is  Day, which means this is how far into the year black women on average have to work just to make what white men made last year.It's 2019. It’s time to close the pay gap. 
Climate change is the most grave threat we face, and we need leaders who match the challenge with the same urgency. has modeled that leadership, and I’m grateful for his role in this primary. Let’s keep up the fight for our planet.
We can't afford to put reproductive rights on the back-burner. The stakes are too high.Donate a dollar to our campaign so I can continue standing up for women, and hold other candidates accountable to do the same:  
When a little boy in my son's school came out as transgender, we made sure he knew he was loved and supported. This president wants to demonize him.Our trans community deserves a president who will always fight for them. 
We need to take real steps to ensure that every American has access to the mental health care they need, no matter what.  
Our communities know what they need most when it comes to mental health care, but they need federal support to make it happen. That's why my plan utilizes a comprehensive approach to making access available through community-based health centers. 
If you donate to our campaign today, you might just receive a FaceTime call from me! We can talk about the issues you care about most, or even just share our favorite Lizzo songs. Chip in and enter here:  
The President of the United States is supposed to work for the people, not the NRA.At the end of the day, we need to get money and greed out of politics. I'm the candidate with the most comprehensive plan to do it. 
I've been doubted, discouraged, and dismissed countless times throughout my career. But I've learned that it doesn't matter how others treat you—it matters how you fight for others. Even when the fight seems impossible. 
 Hear from about how she’d   
On  let's honor America's seniors by keeping our promises to them. They deserve a president who will fight for them.
Outreach programs like those in rural Iowa are doing their best to provide students with mental health services—but they lack funding and support.We need School-Based Health Centers nationwide to ensure our children get sufficient mental health care.
We can’t just tune the Trump noise out. We have to shut it down. 
Mental health is a growing crisis in our country, and it has gone without sufficient attention, care, or resources for too long. We need to change that, and make our mental and behavioral health systems work for everyone. 
I formed much of my mental health plan based on conversations I've had with New Hampshire voters. And what I've heard over and over again is that too often, stigma and implicit bias prevent people from getting the care they need.My plan will change that. 
 Excited to have a few NHMS physicians discussing mental health care sol…
Mental health is a growing crisis in our country—and it has gone without sufficient attention, care, or resources for too long. My plan will fundamentally change our mental and behavioral health system and make it work for everyone. 
We shouldn't have to live in an America where we're afraid to leave the house because of mass shootings. There are simple, commonsense ways to change the gun violence epidemic in this country, including a nationwide buyback of military-style weapons. 
There’s no prize for holding a powerful man accountable. But I believe we should value women, and I believe we should do the right thing even when it's hard.Others may regret standing with women, or back down from fighting for them. I never will. 
If we truly believe that health care is a right and not a privilege, then access to quality mental health treatments cannot be up for debate. It's time for mental health to be taken as seriously as physical health. 
Defending women's rights.Getting money out of politics.Passing Medicare for All.Nothing is impossible if we fight for it. 
One in five American adults is coping with a mental health condition. America is facing a mental health crisis, and it demands more than attention from our leaders—it demands a real plan. Here's mine: 
 While explaining her support for Medicare-for-all, shares story about a health scare involving her own child,…
This administration is trying to hold health care providers hostage in order to restrict patients' reproductive rights. The people who'll be hurt by it are Americans in need of basic health care. It's despicable.I stand with Planned Parenthood.  
For nearly 50 years, women have had the constitutional right to safe and legal abortion. It's only right to demand that those basic reproductive rights be a standard for this country.Women's bodily autonomy is the law of the land, and I won't back down on that. 
Right now, millions of Americans live in states where extreme legislators are putting politics over their rights—resulting in a crisis for reproductive health care access.As president, I will guarantee your reproductive rights, no matter where you live. 
Finally. 
  on gun control: “We don’t want to live in a world where we’re teaching our children shelter-in-place drills i…
  on abortion rights and what she would do if she were elected: “ It would be shocking to the American consciou…
The fight ahead won’t be easy, but I’ve never been afraid to take on a fight that others won't. And after talking with 300+ advocates at our reproductive rights town hall in St. Louis yesterday, I know that the anti-woman politicians have met their match. 
No other candidate in this race has made reproductive rights as much of a priority as I have—whether it’s being the first to put out a comprehensive policy agenda or highlighting it in the debates.I won't stop fighting. Help keep me in the debates:  
Roe v. Wade is at risk now more than ever. Our next president needs a comprehensive plan to not only protect Roe, but to expand on every American's right to reproductive health care—including abortion. 
 What an honor and a blessing to spend a couple of hours with today. She’s one the first presidential candidate…
It's time for a woman in the White House. Get your button from the Gillibrand 2020 store if you agree: 
 Our bodies are our own. If they are not, we can never truly be free or equal. Reproductive rights, including access to abortio…
 When reproductive rights are under attack, Missourians show up ; fight back! 200+ plus advocates are here to talk 
I'm in St. Louis today to speak with abortion providers and patients on the frontlines of the fight for reproductive rights. One thing's for sure: These brave advocates aren't backing down, and neither will I.  
Join us live for our reproductive rights town hall in St. Louis, MO: 
99 years ago, the 19th Amendment was ratified and white women won the vote. The struggle for suffrage continued for decades, and we're still fighting to protect voting rights.History and momentum are on our side: Women are on fire in America. And I know we'll win this fight. 
Republicans' attacks on reproductive health care have left Missouri with a single abortion provider, and they've bragged about it. Criminalizing doctors and endangering women aren't "pro-life" to me.I'm on my way to St. Louis to fight back. Follow here. 
I'm running for president because I take on the fights that no one else will. Protecting every American's right to a safe and legal abortion is no different. 
National paid family leave will:✅strengthen workforceparticipation✅boost the economy✅help parents raise and bond with their children✅improve employees' wellbeingThere's no good reason not to support this. 
Republicans are passing extreme abortion bans, seeking to punish women and doctors, appointing extremists to the courts, and gutting family planning funding. And there's a misogynist in the Oval Office stoking it all.This is a war on our rights—and it's time to fight like hell. 
I was the first candidate to commit to only nominating judges and justices who will uphold Roe v. Wade as law of the land, because to me, reproductive rights are nonnegotiable. I'm heading to Missouri tomorrow to share my plans to protect and expand them. 
We're facing a coordinated GOP assault on our reproductive rights. We have to be as relentless in fighting back as these politicians are in waging it. 
While this president serves no one but his own ego and political agenda, our New Hampshire staff and volunteers are committing themselves to a weekend of public service to help their local communities. Love our team. 
When Georgia passed its abortion ban, I went to Atlanta to stand with advocates and leaders and fight back. Since then, the assault has continued in states across the country—and that's why I'm going to Missouri. We will keep fighting, and we will win.  
The attacks on reproductive rights across the country are an emergency, yet they've hardly been mentioned in the debates. That's a problem.We need a president who knows that reproductive rights are human rights, and who's willing to go to the frontlines of this fight—and win. 
Let's remember the goal of the abortion bans we’re seeing across the country: From Georgia to Alabama to Missouri, these extremist politicians ultimately want to overturn Roe v. Wade and ban legal abortion.Here’s how I will fight back: 
For a problem as massive and urgent as global climate change, we need solutions that are even bigger and bolder, like passing a Green New Deal. That's why I'm making solving the global climate crisis the cornerstone of my presidency. 
We have two weeks until the DNC's 130,000-donor deadline to qualify for the fall debates. We're so close to hitting the threshold but we're running out of time. Chip in to help me make the stage: 
You know when you’re getting under Steve King’s skin this much, you’re doing something right. P.s. It’s Kirsten. 
"I live in a city that’s begging to be seen and it’s clear that Gillibrand is looking." 
Every patient has the right to be safe and every nurse has the right to work in a safe hospital, without the fear of violence. I stand with the nurses at and their patients. 
I know firsthand from working with that OH-10 couldn’t ask for a better representative than her. Now let’s flip this seat and send Desiree to Congress! Join me in supporting her campaign:  
It’s appalling that President Trump continues to attack two sitting Congresswomen and encouraged another country to deny U.S. officials entry. Trump's behavior is unacceptable, dangerous, and un-American. Israel's decision should be reversed immediately. 
Happy birthday, Jonnie! Theo, Henry, and I are so lucky you're ours. 
My heart is with Philadelphia today. I’m grateful to the police for keeping everyone safe. I’m furious that the shooter could be so heavily armed. We have to stop this. needs to call a vote on gun safety now. 
I've gotten to meet caucusgoers across Iowa in all kinds of venues, from coffee shops and farms to living rooms and gay bars. But I have to say: the State Fair is tough to beat. 
We must take legislative action to stop gun violence. But we also need to understand the corruption that makes politicians protect the NRA over American lives—and how right-wing judges in our courts enable it.We need to change that. 
Three words: We. Have. Buttons!Get yours in the Gillibrand 2020 store now: 
It's time for America's hardest truths to come into the light. Thank you, 
 New York Senator and presidential hopeful will hold reproductive rights town hall at 
Secretary Ashcroft isn't just attacking reproductive rights—he acted illegally in an effort to prevent the will of the people. He doesn't deserve to represent Missourians. 
 All IA-04 constituents—including women—deserve a leader who will fight for them. Donate to to help make that happen: 
 You are a disgrace. Resign. 
Some people in Washington say it's impossible to get money out of politics, make health care a right, or beat Trump in 2020.Well, a lot of people have told me something was impossible before, and I got it done anyway. We need a nominee who doesn't believe in "impossible." 
 Even in the most conservative states, extremist abortion bans have no more than a 23% approval rating. 7 in 10 Americans…
Our democracy only works if people like you speak up and demand it. Your voice matters—use it. 
 thank you for sharing your powerful story. Paid family leave is crucial for so many reasons, and it's important that we fight the stigma that keeps men from taking it when they can and should.Now let's get paid family leave nationwide. 
With one licensed abortion provider left in the state, the people of MO know what a post-Roe reality would look like: They're already living it.I'll be there on Sunday to hold a reproductive rights town hall. This is an emergency, and we need to fix it. 
Financial security is important for new parents. And so is their overall health and the health of their new baby.Paid family leave covers both. And we desperately need it here in the United States.  
The truth is that we have a gun violence epidemic in this country. But it's also true that we have the power to change it.We can't back down. We have to fight for gun safety legislation in this country like our lives depend on it—because they do.Together, we can win this. 
To truly keep our communities safe, we need to address gun safety not only at the federal level, but also at the state level. And that means having governors who care more about protecting the people they represent than the NRA. 
What makes a trip to Iowa extra memorable: ✅Having the best team in the state✅Going to the Wing Ding✅Bringing Henry along for the fun! 
We're one month away from the fall debates—and we need fewer than 30,000 donors to help us get there. This campaign is about listening and lifting up voices that haven’t been heard for too long. Chip in to keep our momentum going: 
Winning this election, getting this country back on track, and making progress on our values may seem daunting, but it's not impossible—if we elect a president who's brave enough to fight for it and get it done. 
It's been two years since Charlottesville. Two years since the country saw with our own eyes what violent white nationalism is—and how this president will respond. Two years since Heather Heyer was murdered.We cannot stop fighting back.
Equal opportunity for the disability community must be a top priority—not an afterthought. We need to be focused on disability rights in every conversation we have about federal policy. That's the only way we'll ensure full accessibility and inclusion. 
 What Iowans heard from during her 5-day RV trip across the state 👇🏻 
It is not only undocumented immigrants in President Trump’s crosshairs.This administration is making it perfectly clear once again: The end goal is not to limit illegal immigration, but to demonize all immigrants. 
This weekend in Iowa, I got the chance to talk with gun safety activists at and  I had a call to action for them: 
Eid Mubarak to our Muslim sisters and brothers celebrating Eid al-Adha around the world. And to all Muslim Americans: we stand with you in the face of intolerance and hate. May we build a more just and peaceful world together.
Iowa's own Senator Tom Harkin has been one of the greatest champions of the disability community. It was an honor to have him and so many community leaders join our disability rights conversation today. 
 Asked if Trump is responsible for the shootings last week, Kirsten Gillibrand says: "His words have consequences, and the…
I’m in West Des Moines with former Sen. Tom Harkin for an important conversation about disability rights. Join us live: 
Every day we keep getting closer to the 130,000 donors we need to help us qualify for the fall debates! I'm so grateful to everyone on this team, and I'd love for you to be a part of it. Make your donation to join us: 
Iowa State Fair: ✅ 
This is not easy to watch.But the face of this little girl, crying for her father who was taken from her in an ICE raid, is not something we can turn away from. Americans need to know the pain this administration is inflicting on families. This president has no morality. 
We made it to the Iowa State Fair! I'm so excited to be here with my family, and to talk to caucusgoers about why I'm running for president. Tune in to join us live: 
So good seeing my friend today at the  Thank you for your advocacy! 
 “Do not give up. If every one of you spends the next four weeks speaking out . . . saying ‘Mitch call the vote, Mitch call…
 Access to a gun in a domestic situation makes it 5x more likely that a woman will be killed is committed to…
  speaks passionately about her friend who survived a mass shooting in Tucson, AZ - “Everyda…
  “And taking on President Trump who's lying every day about the source of gun violence.” Someone explici…
  is the first candidate for call out for failing to take up bipartisan background checks bil…
 As president, said at the  in Des Moines she would approve background checks for all gun sales,…
Henry Gillibrand, Director of Fun—and Pep-Talker in Chief. 
We're at the Join us live as we talk about our progressive agenda and what it's going to take to unify our country in 2020 and beyond: 
Pleased to report that Henry, our Director of Fun, is in fact having a whole lot of fun at 
This last election, I took back 18 New York counties that went to Trump in 2016.I know how to win this. 
 My whiteness protects me. I’ve seen it—it happens all the time.”U.S. sat down with theGrio this week and shar…
Big news: We're launching our first early-state TV ad! Watch it here ⬇️This is the vision we're fighting for. Chip in to help keep it on the air in Iowa and New Hampshire and secure a spot on the debate stage:  
On Wednesday, children in MS came home from their first day of school to learn their parents had been detained by ICE.If our president won’t protect immigrant families, we will. Split a donation among the organizations helping these families here: 
5 years ago, a Ferguson police officer killed Michael Brown, an unarmed teenager.He shot him 6 times.Nothing will bring Michael back, but we can't stop fighting the injustice done to his family and so many others—and until we do better, we're failing them.
If you don't think we're already in a climate emergency, you're in denial.We have such limited time to change this. We need a Green New Deal. Now. 
An extra treat to have Jonnie on the road with me in Iowa. 
 Noting that farmers have long been stewards of our land ; natural resources, wants rural communities to help l…
Today we got a huge step closer to qualifying for the fall debates! We can't do this without you. Can you give a dollar to keep our momentum going?  
Hundreds of families torn apart. Children coming home from the first day of school, only to find their parent was taken away. All for racist, cruel political points.This is obscene. It's inhumane. And it has to stop. 
Huge news: We just got our first qualifying poll to help guarantee a spot on the debate stage in the fall, and we’re less than 30,000 donors away from the 130,000-donor threshold we need. This campaign has momentum—chip in to help me get there:  
Looks like passing stronger gun safety laws isn’t a partisan issue after all. Someone should tell the Republicans in Congress. 
If we don't act now, it will be too late. Leading the world in combatting climate change will be a top priority of my presidency. That's why I have a bold plan to take on this fight:  
This campaign crossed a huge milestone this week when we passed the 100,000-donor mark. We have under 30,000 donors to go, but we need your help to get to the qualifying number for the debates.Help us get there, and ask your friends to do the same: 
Hello, Bravemobile! Excited to kick off our Iowa Kitchen Table Tour on our new RV 🚐 
 There aren't enough thanks to give to for taking a stand in support of  parents and  kids i…
"Unique to her plan is how she has woven the element of partnership into every aspect of a comprehensive vision for a powerful rural economy." —Gov. Tom VilsackThat's how we should create policy: by listening to and empowering the communities affected. 
I’ll be there. Sending my love to team and the El Paso community. 
As Democrats, we all have the same goal with health care: It should be a right, not a privilege. In my Medicare for All plan, a buy-in period will force for-profit insurance companies to compete—and I doubt they will. That’s how we get to single-payer and get everyone covered. 
Confused about how the qualifications for the DNC debates work? Don’t worry, Henry’s got you covered. Chip in $1 &gt;&gt;
Politicians have turned a blind eye and made empty promises to rural Americans for too long, with devastating consequences for their communities.Rural America deserves a partner in the White House—and in my administration they'll get one. Here's how: 
Congratulations to on your win tonight! Iowans are so lucky to have you fighting for them in the state legislature.
"We need someone in the White House with compassion and thoughtfulness and Gillibrand has both in spades. And her record of standing up for the important fights and winning, even when she’s underestimated at every turn, shows that she can win."
You know how President Obama responded to the mass shootings this weekend?Like a president should. 
Republicans in the Senate need to stop waiting for the NRA and Trump to tell them what to do. We can pass this common sense gun violence prevention legislation today.Not doing so is unacceptable. The American people want action—and we can’t wait. 
Big news: Our campaign just crossed 100,000 donors! I'm so grateful for this team.But our work isn’t done. We’re now under 30,000 donors away from helping guarantee a spot in the fall debates—so close! Pitch in right now to help get us there: 
This election is the fight of our lives—but it's not just the presidential election. I'm proud to sign  to support progressive and diverse candidates who’ll fight for our values at every level, and ensure we’re a strong party in all 50 states. 
If we want to take on hate and division in this country, we need to oust white supremacists like Steve King. has already proven he can bring people together. Now we must fight like hell to get it done. Count me in, J.D.  
The New Hampshire Republican Party is actually fundraising off the mass shootings that killed 31 people this weekend.It's incredible that this needs to be said, but I'll say it anyway: If Republicans won't fight to save Americans' lives, they don't deserve their votes. 
Enough is enough. The Senate needs to vote on gun violence prevention bills. Now.Sign our petition telling Mitch McConnell to reconvene the Senate and call a vote:  
For giving us stories the world needed, but hardly heard before you; for sharing your gift with words at their most visceral; for being a force and making history—thank you, Toni Morrison. 
I'll absolutely vote "yes" on the House-passed gun safety bills if they get to the Senate floor. But we need to do more, like banning assault weapons and large magazines and implementing federal anti-gun trafficking laws. There's no good reason we can't get this done. 
That’s not what happened. 
[TW: Rape.]How often do we need to read stories like this before we connect these dots?We have to talk about the full breadth of the national crisis we're facing—gun violence, white nationalist terrorism, and violent misogyny. 
Pick a Senate campaign where we can flip a seat, and throw your support behind it. Ask everyone you know to do the same.Or, you can donate to support the Democratic nominee in all of these Senate races:  Lives are at stake. Don't sit this election out.
It's alarming enough that the president stokes racism and violence and coddles white nationalists.But there's a group of people who won't call him out on it, and who are refusing to give gun safety legislation a vote. They're Senate Republicans. And it's time to vote them out.
Let's be clear about what's happening today: We have people in this country, fueled by hate, hunting other humans on our streets with weapons of war.That's the national emergency we face. And we need to go back to Washington and vote to stop it now. 
President Trump is not only egging on white nationalists, but he is one himself. He’s been using racist language and demonizing immigrants throughout his presidency and his campaign.He needs to take responsibility for that, and we need to vote him out. 
We have been. Now it’s your turn. 
 "It's absurd," Kirsten Gillibrand on Trump suggesting tying gun measures to immigration reform: "He's linking the issue of…
For every mass shooting we hear about in the news, there are so many more daily acts of gun violence claiming lives and plaguing communities across America. From El Paso and Dayton to Douglas Park, this is an epidemic and a crisis. This can't go on. 
Sen. McConnell should call the Senate back into session now. We should vote on universal background checks, a ban on assault weapons and large magazines, and anti-gun trafficking measures. These three things will help keep our communities safer, and we can’t afford to wait.
White nationalist terrorism is a national emergency.
Not even 24 hours later and there’s another mass shooting. Gun violence in America is a public health epidemic—yet we have done almost nothing to address it.To the victims and their loved ones in Dayton: My heart is with you.This. Must. Stop. 
Again, and again, and again, and again, and again...and nothing in response. This is domestic terrorism going unchecked and it’s complete madness. My heart is with El Paso and all the victims and their families.
"My presence at a party does not imply my consent. I wish I could have learned that."It takes tremendous bravery to share your story and then use it to make change. It's also one of the most powerful things we can do. Thank you, Ashley. I hear you, and I believe you. 
I've spent my entire career fighting for women and families, lifting up their stories to make change where it's desperately needed. And I'll keep doing it as president. 
Thank you, Governor Cooper. I hope North Carolina goes on to ban conversion therapy altogether in the state. It's a repulsive, inhumane practice—and when I'm president, we'll ban it nationwide. 
Health insurers are for-profit companies who are looking out for their shareholders and rich CEOs—not patients. Until we create a public buy-in option that forces them to compete and lower costs, we won't have health care as a right. We need Medicare for All.  
I'm not afraid to stand up for what's right. I'm not afraid to fight for women. I'm not afraid to take on Trump—and on Wednesday, I proved I'm the best candidate to do it. 
As I said on the debate stage, the officer who killed Eric Garner with an illegal chokehold should be fired.  
I was raised by strong, brave women who did the "impossible." So if you want to get something done, just tell me it's impossible. I'll get it done. 
When we talk about asylum-seekers crossing our southern border, we need to remember who we're talking about: They're often women and families fleeing violence, desperate to protect themselves and their children from further harm. They are not criminals.  
If white people aren't helping dismantle institutional racism alongside people of color, we're not doing enough.  
 you are the definition of brave. 
Don't understand how qualifying for the debates works? Allow Henry to explain—and then chip in to help us get there:  
 is ready to clean up Washington  
Al Franken faced eight credible allegations of sexual harassment. 34 other Senators called for his resignation, but now I seem to stand alone. I don't mind. We will not beat Trump if we don't have courage and clarity on this. Others may regret standing with women. I never will. 
Health care in America should be a right. But right now, people can't afford it, and Trump and Republicans are still hell-bent on taking it away. That's the issue we need to focus on.  
As a white woman and a U.S. Senator running for president of the United States, it is my responsibility to understand white privilege and to work to dismantle institutional racism in this country. This burden cannot be left to people of color alone.  
 One of the many reasons I endorsed today was I think her ebullience will be a nice contrast on a debate sta…
There's currently a misogynist in the White House who's attacking women's rights every chance he gets.Our nominee must have clarity about how important women are—not just to our families and communities, but to our economy and workplaces. 
Last night, I proved that I'll never stop fighting for families, and that I have what it takes to defeat Trump. I need your support to keep me on the debate stage so I can actually do it.Chip in any amount to help get me there: 
I'm honored to have earned the endorsement from two pillars of New Hampshire Democratic politics, and These incredible women are fighters dedicated to improving their communities and state, and I'm so grateful they've decided to join our team. 
  The truth about  in America is too many families can't afford it!We need to stand up for working fa…
The first thing I’ll do as president is Clorox the Oval Office.Then I’ll get to work putting our country back where we should be: Leading the world in addressing climate change.  
Meant so much to me that Henry could be with me last night and see his mom at work.  
 "Give me a break! Who in 1981 was going to be staying home to watch the children? It's obvious. It's typically, in most familie…
  has put women at the center of her campaign. spoke with her more about the strategy earlier…
 Quote of the night? Gillibrand gets laughs saying the first thing she'd do as POTUS is "Clorox the Oval Office" then gets seri…
 "I will not only sign the Paris Climate Agreement, but I will lead a worldwide conversation about the urgency of this crisis.…
 Kirsten Gillibrand delivers flawless lesson on 'what white privilege in America is today' by 
  is the only candidate to talk about trade so far - a HUGE issue here in Michigan and across the Midwest. Sh…
 "When JFK said we’d put a man on the moon in 10 years, he said it not because it’s easy, but because it’s hard." -
 Kirsten Gillibrand said the Green New Deal would be a top priority if she were to be elected – after this quick chore 
 Kirsten Gillibrand on Pantaleo: "He should be fired." Clear.  Decisive.  Leadership. 
 Fact is, earned cheers on healthcare  because she speaks about real life and struggle and health exec pay. T…
 Strong case by on how she looks at impossible odds, with a good mix of her own accomplishments and the figh…
Our nominee has to not only go up against Trump and win, but also take on our biggest challenges and make real progress. I showed tonight that I’m the woman for the job.Right now, I’m not guaranteed a spot at the next debate. Help me get there:
It’s a false choice to say we have to pick between winning progressive Democrats, or winning back voters who went to Trump. We need a nominee who can do both.  
We need the truth. It’s time to begin impeachment hearings. 
Millions of American women work outside of the home, earn paychecks, and depend on childcare to raise their families. That's not "deterioration of the family." 
It's 2019. Why is equal pay for equal work even up for debate? 
Four hours and counting.  
Step one: Clorox the Oval Office.Step two: Restore US climate leadership and act to fight climate change.If you want me fighting for your family on the next debate stage, chip in $1. 
To-do list.  
Step one: Clorox the Oval Office.Step two: Restore US climate leadership and act to fight climate change. 
It can’t be the responsibility of people of color alone to fight institutional racism in this country.  
Eric Garner should be alive. The NYPD officer who killed him should be fired.  
The officer who killed Eric Garner should be fired. Now. 
When we talk about what’s going on at our border, you have to remember who we’re talking about: Women and children fleeing violence. What the Trump administration is doing is inhumane and cruel. Seeking asylum should not be a crime.  
People can’t afford health care in America. The insurance companies are looking out for their shareholders and CEOs—not patients. Let’s not lose the forest for the trees: Health care should be a right.If you want me fighting for your family on the next debate stage, chip in $1.
Let's not forget what this issue is really about: Too many families in America can't afford the health care they need, and Republicans are trying to take health care away. We need to make it a right for all, not a privilege.  
People can't afford health care in America. The insurance companies are looking out for their shareholders and CEOs—not patients. Republicans are trying to take health care away from Americans. Let's not lose the forest for the trees: Health care should be a right.  
We need a nominee who doesn't know the meaning of impossible.  
If you want to get something done, just tell me it’s impossible.I stood up to the Pentagon to repeal Don’t Ask Don’t Tell.I was told we could never pass the 9/11 health bill. We passed it last week.We need a nominee who has taken on big fights—and won.  
Hi everyone, Team Gillibrand here! We'll be posting  updates here as Kirsten takes the stage and shows why she's the best candidate to beat Trump. You won't want to miss this—tune in with us! 
Game on.  
Women need a champion on the  stage. Tune in at 8pm ET on 
Nothing about this election is going to be easy. It's going to take a bold policy agenda to move this country forward—but even before that, it's going to take a whole lot of fight to beat Trump.Now is not the time to stick to the status quo. It's time to be brave. 
Women are half of this country. Policies that affect our health, lives, and families should be center-stage—right up there with the other important issues in this election. 
I have a bold vision for our future, ambitious plans to make it happen, and a record of winning fights no one else will even take on.If you want to get something done, just tell me it's impossible. I'll get it done. 
I'm proud of the substantive debate on ideas our party is having, and looking forward to sharing why I'm the best candidate to beat Trump tomorrow evening.Chip in now to make sure I can stay in the debates: 
2+ hours in, and not a single question at tonight's  about reproductive rights, paid leave, child care, or how we ensure women and families can succeed in America.We need a president who will prioritize these issues—not treat them as an afterthought.
It’s good that Democrats are having a robust debate about how we make health care a right for all. We should have single-payer as the end goal, and we need a real plan to get there.We have that transition plan. I’m the candidate who wrote it. 
Watching  night 1 with my team, in my new favorite t-shirt. 
You'll hear a lot of great ideas on the debate stages tonight and tomorrow night, but I'm the only candidate that takes on the big fights and wins, from passing the 9/11 health bill, to repealing Don't Ask Don't Tell. We need a nominee who doesn't know the meaning of impossible. 
I'm on Follow me there for a behind-the-scenes look at life on the campaign trail—which, I have to say, is a fun time on Team Gillibrand. Don't miss out!  
Just like I did in the first debate, I'll keep speaking up about the issues we care about—and I won't back down when it comes to taking on the fights no one else will. 
 Thank you for introducing your 'Climate Change Moonshot' plan to address the most serious threat that humanity h…
Paid family leave is and always has been a priority of mine, because it's absurd that we're the only industrialized country in the world that doesn't have it.Hoping Oregon will pass this bill—and that the whole country follows suit. 
As a public servant, I’ve always prioritized listening to your stories so I can lift them up—so we can make real, legislative change as a result.That’s what this campaign is all about, and we need your help to keep it going: 
I’m proud to be one of  candidates. Our ability to pass progressive policy hinges on us breaking the hold corporate special interests have over Congress. And as president, it will be one of my first priorities.  
 With her plan to prioritize frontline communities, oppose fracking and end new fossil fuel leasing on public lands,
We're already feeling the impacts of climate change, and severely in communities that are defenseless against its threats. As president, I will take immediate action to combat climate change—because if we don't act now, it will be too late. 
It shouldn't have taken this long to give our 9/11 heroes the permanent compensation program they deserve.To everyone who worked on getting this passed: Thank you for your tireless work and dedication. And to our 9/11 first responders: Thank you will never be enough. 
  candidate has been a consistent voice for clean elections in the 2020 race. She doesn’t take…
This weekend, families in Brooklyn, NY and in Gilroy, CA gathered for joyful annual community events.Both were devastated by shootings.My heart is with all the victims and their families. Gun violence is a national crisis. We can't keep ignoring this.
Clean air and clean water should be a human right‚ no matter where you live or how much money you have. 
We're just one month away from the deadline for the next round of debates. We're getting closer, but we haven't quite reached the 130,000 individual donors we need just yet.Will you chip in so I can keep fighting for the future we deserve? 
This is not a drill. We need to do everything we can to combat climate change. That means setting bold, ambitious goals—and fighting until we reach them: 
Whoever said running for president can't be fun? 
The fossil fuel industry has raked in billions in profits while exacerbating climate change and hurting communities. So when I'm president, when we undertake projects to deal with climate-related disasters, it'll be the oil and gas companies—not taxpayers—who pay for them. 
Bravery is fighting for what's right—no matter what. and embody bravery to me, and they're running for Congress!We need strong women at every decision-making table. Will you split a donation to all three of our campaigns? 
Thank you, We're so lucky to have you on this team. 
After almost two decades of war, Americans understand the costs and consequences all too well—even if Trump does not.As president, I will treat military force only as a last resort, only with a real strategy and achievable goals, and only when Congress provides legal authority. 
The scientific community is telling us that we only have a short amount of time to act on climate change if we're going to prevent the most catastrophic and irreversible damage in the future. My plan sets ambitious, transformative goals accordingly. 
Clean water should be a human right. I've passed legislation to address contamination of PFAS in drinking water, and as president, I'll work to remove these chemicals nationwide. 
Communities from Iowa to California to Puerto Rico are experiencing the effects of climate change. We can't just stay in the cycle of disaster and recovery —we have to reckon with the challenge we face, and take action with courage and determination. 
Sometimes, doing the right thing means doing the hard thing. We should do it anyway. 
Just like President Kennedy's moonshot, we should rise to the challenge of tackling climate change by setting ambitious goals. This is the greatest threat to humanity we’ve ever faced, but we can’t react with fear—we must be brave.  
America needs a new president and a new foreign policy—one that ends our endless wars, keeps our country safe, and restores our leadership on the world stage. I have a plan to do it. 
We're 200 days out from the New Hampshire primary! I've been so lucky to spend time with voters across the state, talking about the issues on their minds. Looking forward to continuing the conversation in the coming months!  
 Presidential Candidate raised the following issues: — Dismantling Systemic racism — Funding small, b…
29 years ago, the Americans with Disabilities Act codified protections against discrimination based on disability. My presidency will advance this fight, including having disability community representation in my Cabinet. Let's keep working to make our society accessible for all.
 With her plan to prioritize frontline communities, oppose fracking and end new fossil fuel leasing on public lands,
We need a president who will fight back against attackers and defend our democracy. What we have now is a puppet. 
Reducing the consumption of fossil fuels isn’t enough given the climate crisis we face. We have to phase out production—starting now. As president, I will work to get us to net-zero carbon and greenhouse gas emissions nationwide and across the economy. 
Climate action should be this generation's moonshot. If you're with me, add your name: 
 This morning, released an ambitious climate plan that would phase out fossil production, hold polluters a…
Gun violence is a public health crisis, and we should treat it like one. It's time to  Thank you and for leading this fight. 
I believe the death penalty is a violation of human rights, a glaring signifier of our broken criminal justice system, and a moral wrong. Our government should not be in the business of execution. 
  Climate Change Moonshot Plan is out this morning, and notably includes how she would work to eliminate…
We are already seeing the consequences of climate change, and it's only going to get worse if we don't act right now.The next president has to be willing to take bold leaps to lead this effort. I will, because we can’t afford not to. 
 Just as we cannot have healthcare policy without taking on Big Pharma, we cannot have climate policy without taking on Bi…
 Solving the climate crisis is truly the fight of our generation. Senator Gillibrand’s new plan outlines a path to net-zero ca…
Democracy is rooted in the principle that government belongs to people. In Puerto Rico and the diaspora, the people have spoken.Corruption and bigotry are poison in a democracy—and this shows that when we raise our voices together, we can defeat them. 
Climate change is the most serious threat to humanity that exists today. We need to take immediate and bold action before it’s too late. Here's my plan to do it as president: 
Our next commander in chief needs to take seriously all security threats—including attacks launched on a digital battlefield. Mueller was clear today: Russia interfered in our 2016 election, and they're already doing it again. We need a president who will hold them accountable. 
I’ve served on Armed Services Committees for 12+ years. I believe that American leadership is indispensable around the world. And I know that President Trump makes us less safe.Today I shared how I'll approach our challenges as commander in chief: 
 The world needs America to live up to its tradition of stable leadership. It needs an America dedicated to peacefulness and diplomacy.   Our country deserves a new foreign policy—and a president who understands that leadership, integrity, and trust begin in the White House.
 Trump’s lack of response to Russia's attack on our democracy is shameful. I believe Congress should begin impeachment proceedings to get to the truth. And I’m pleased to hear that Mueller believes that the president can be charged for a crime after he leaves office.
 Our national security also includes online threats. It’s never been more clear that Russia took to the digital battlefield to attack the core of our democracy—and rather than stand strong for our country and our ideals, Trump and his associates welcomed aid from Russia.
 President Trump has politicized asylum seekers. Refugees leave their homes not because they want to, but because they have to. Supporting human and labor rights and addressing climate change will strike at the root causes of refugee flow, terrorist support, and instability.
 America is stronger when we work with our allies—not abandon them.Case in point: Trump’s tantrum on the nuclear agreement resulted in Iran beginning to enrich uranium again. As president, I will rejoin our allies in the JCPOA as long as Iran agrees to comply.
 We must end our endless wars. Military force should only be a last resort—only used when diplomacy has failed. We must have clear, achievable goals where our tactics match the threat, and only when Congress provides the legal authority to send our men and women into harm’s way.
 As president, I will restore our standing on the world stage and improve our country’s national security.We must protect Americans with precision, technology, and a strategy that recognizes the threats of the 21st Century.
 I’ll say this as loudly and clearly as I can: From his campaign’s conspiring with Russia to his reckless confrontation with Iran, the President of the United States is degrading our standing in the world and making us a less secure nation.
From unauthorized wars to terrorism and risk of a nuclear arms race, we face myriad global threats. Our own president shouldn't be one of them.We need real leadership and real strategy. Watch live as I speak on national security at 
Americans can disagree about a lot, but we should all be able to recognize that we can't afford four more years of Trump in the Situation Room.I will restore our standing on the world stage and keep us safe. That's what a president should do. 
The American people have a right to see the full, unredacted Mueller report. What we've seen already is alarming. No wonder President Trump is dead set on blocking the truth. That's why we need to start impeachment hearings. Add your name if you agree: 
It's time to start impeachment hearings. 
 Watch LIVE today at 2:30 pm CT as the Council welcomes 2020 candidate for a speech on US foreign policy.…
Today, Robert Mueller testifies before Congress about his damning report on Trump’s collusion with Russia. One thing I already know: We need to get to the truth.It’s time to start impeachment hearings. Sign on if you agree: 
For me, campaigning is about meeting voters from all over, listening to their stories, and figuring out solutions to their problems—but I can't keep doing that without your support.We rely on you to keep this campaign going. Can you chip in now? 
Trump has made a mess of his presidency, and it's time to clean it up. 
Yelena Grigoryeva was listed as a target of anti-LGBTQ violence. Then she was found dead.Putin needs to be held accountable for the rampant persecution of LGBTQ people on his watch. And the U.S. president should defend human rights—not coddle dictators. 
The Senate did the right thing by passing the 9/11 first responders bill. I'm proud—but this isn’t a victory. More heroes are going to get sick and die, and each one is a tragedy. But today, finally, their government stood by them.
For-profit prison companies are contracting with our government to lock up immigrants, immigration judges are reporting to Trump's DOJ, and bail amounts are skyrocketing. The system is functionally and morally broken. 
If we want to make health care a right, if we want to combat gun violence, if we want to take on fossil fuel companies and save our planet—we need to get money out of politics first. 
Women won the 2018 election cycle. They organized, turned out to vote, ran, and won in record numbers. We should listen to women’s voices in our politics because they deserve to be heard—and we can’t win without them. 
 "I am willing to take on the fights that other people won’t. That’s why I’m running for President." 
 Re: mass incarceration, says when decriminalizing marijuana, all weed convictions should be expunged and…
 "After I Clorox the Oval Office, I will then restore our leadership on the world stage.” is NOT holding ba…
 “Our future is about lifting up every voice, not demonizing the vulnerable.” -  
"It shouldn't be unusual for a public official to stand and fight for the men and women who elected them—it should be a job requirement."No one stands and fights like We need that leadership in Congress, and I'm so proud to endorse her.  
 I’m proud to announce my campaign for Congress in TX-21! I’m running to be a voice for every Texan who feels forgotten by…
 Pressed to explain white privilege in a struggling Ohio town, Gillibrand turned to the clearest illustration:  arrests…
The hate coming out of this White House is sickening, but it's a symptom—not the disease. We have to understand and dismantle institutional racism that holds whole communities back. And that burden can't be on people of color alone to bear. 
Americans need a president who will take on fights nobody else will—that's what I've done throughout my career. We're building a movement to fix what's broken and show that brave wins. Help power this campaign: 
Because certain elected officialsa) refuse to believe climate change is realb) are funded by the fossil fuel industry, orc) all of the above 
Abortion is already inaccessible for many. Overturning Roe would only put more people at risk and out of reach of health care, which is exactly what Republicans are planning for. 
My faith is important to me. It's why I’m in public service. And I can't stand by and watch President Trump and Republicans use it as a shield for their hateful, inhumane treatment of vulnerable people. 
I never compromise on my progressive values, yet I still get things done. And I think that's exactly what we need in our next president. 
Team Gillibrand is proud to be canvassing for today in District 46! I know he'll be a strong fighter for the people of Ames in the Iowa State House. Remember to get out and vote—Election Day is August 6th! 
50 yrs ago today, we put a man on the moon. When President Kennedy made that our goal, he didn't know if it was possible. He just knew we should try.The Green New Deal is our moonshot. Let this be a reminder that when we're brave, we rise to the occasion—and we win.📸: 
We're having our first Iowa Day of Action tomorrow! We'll be talking to caucus-goers and organizing from river to river, building our grassroots team one person at a time—can you join us?    
No one thought I could win my first House race except my mother. My opponent never took me seriously. When I got to Congress, people tried to tell me the fights I wanted to take on were impossible.I've done this before. And I can do it again. 
Mark your calendar for Wednesday, July 31!I can't wait for the second debate, but I still need 130,000 donors to make sure I'm on the stage for the third and fourth. Can you chip in to help secure my spot? 
I went on the Trump Broken Promises tour to do two things: Highlight the broken promises Trump made to working families, and prove that Democrats don't have to choose between firing up our base and winning back voters we lost. We can—and must—do both. 
We just found out: I can't wait to take the debate stage on Wednesday, July 31!I'll be at that podium because of grassroots supporters—but my spot for the fall could be in jeopardy. If you value my voice in these debates, help send me to the next round: 
"The passion that she communicated her positions today has left everybody in this room a Senator Gillibrand fan." 
When you speak, I listen. I take notes. And then I do something about it. That's how public service is supposed to work.In this democracy, your voice should be just as important as the Koch brothers'. In my administration, it will be. 
 ✈️Eight visits to Iowa📍27 counties🎤Almost 50 public events📄And one new plan to support seniorsHere's what Iowa caucu…
Puerto Ricans not only have the right to protest against bigotry and corruption—they are right to hold their leaders accountable. I stand with the people of Puerto Rico as they fight to rebuild the island. 
Private equity firms strip down companies, walk away with millions, and leave communities hurting—and they've done it all with impunity. No more.I'm proud to co-sponsor Stop Wall Street Looting bill. It's time for working families to come before Wall Street greed.
 If elected president, pledges to take action to save lives from gun violence.In our latest profile of…
The climate crisis is the single greatest threat to humanity that exists. We should prioritize it in this primary. 
Whether it's "send her back" or "lock her up," "there has to be some form of punishment" or "grab her by the p***y"—the throughline is contempt for women and anyone who threatens this president's fragile ego.He should be afraid. We are his worst nightmare. And we will beat him.
This is absurd. If we did this, sick responders would have to come back and do this all over AGAIN in a few years. We need to permanently fund the Victim Compensation Fund. Period. 
I am a person of faith, and I believe Republicans have distorted the conversation about Christianity in this country.President Trump is turning away people who are fleeing danger and need help. He's separating families and locking children up. That isn't Christian. It's evil. 
Remember: Rand Paul was happy to vote for Donald Trump and Mitch McConnell’s trillion-dollar tax handout to millionaires, but he blocked my request for unanimous consent on the 9/11 first responders bill.
 At yesterday's forum, called for an increase in Social Security benefits to reflect the real costs se…
This is unacceptable. 9/11 first responders are suffering and dying for their heroism, and my Republican colleagues can't get it together to help them. I ask you: What are you even doing here? 
There are a lot of people in America who feel left behind. Nobody facing job loss or lack of health care feels privileged. But we have to address everyone's suffering—and that means ensuring black and brown families don't bear the burden of institutional racism alone. 
Wrapped up my eighth trip to Iowa with even more commit-to-caucus cards filled out! And the best part? Many of them are first-time caucus-goers.Now is the time to make your voices heard, and I'm grateful that so many young Iowans are ready to join us and prove that brave wins. 
Last week, we drove from Pittsburgh, PA to Lansing, MI to share my plans to deliver results where Trump has failed. America needs a president who will listen to people and solve problems—not break promises.That’s why I’m running for president, and that's why I'll beat him. 
Attacking something as basic and essential as Title X-funded health care shows the Trump administration will stop at nothing to try to control women's bodies. We need to fight like hell to protect access to reproductive health care. As president, I will. 
Hard to think of something more cowardly, cruel, and un-American than turning away people fleeing violence. This administration has no humanity. 
As president, I’ll make sure our government is one seniors can count on. My Aging With Dignity Plan will strengthen Social Security and Medicare, reduce drug costs, and enact paid family leave: Excited to discuss with and in Iowa today!
11 times. "I can't breathe."This is an outrage. Eric should be alive, and the Garner family deserves justice. The NYPD should make their findings public, and take steps to ensure this officer is no longer on the force. 
You know you’re in Iowa when... 🌽 
Today is the last day you can enter to win a chance to meet me on the campaign trail for a drink! I’d love to meet you and share a glass of my favorite “comfort food.” Make a donation by midnight to be entered to win:  
"People talk about Youngstown, but they're not spending a lot of time here." 
 We've been impressed with focus on rural issues, like her rural health care proposal earlier this year.…
“The passion that she communicated her positions today has left everybody in this room a Senator Gillibrand fan.” —Lori Goldman, founder of Fems for Dems, MIMake a donation today to help Kirsten bring her message to more voters on the campaign trail and on the debate stage &gt;&gt;
DON’T MISS! Folks across the country are getting excited about Kirsten and our grassroots campaign. We need your help to keep the momentum going! Donate $1 to help Kirsten reach the DNC’s 130,000 donor requirement and share her message on the debate stage this fall &gt;&gt;
It was such a pleasure to see Kyle and his dad again in Dubuque, and to see the great work he does with the help of his job coach! We should make sure all Americans have access to job training that meets their skills and unlocks their potential. 
State legislatures are some of the most urgent battlegrounds on issues that affect us every day, from abortion to voting rights. To protect our values, we have to build our party. Thanks to and for being leaders in this fight. 
Recently, I was asked a question that I think a lot of people have: What is white privilege, and what should it mean to people who feel left behind? Here's why this conversation is so important to me: 
Sorry, connection issues! But we’re back! 
We’re at in Dubuque, Iowa to talk about all the promises Trump made—and failed to deliver.Join us live to hear how I’ll actually make progress: 
Had an amazing afternoon at Corn Feed, talking with caucus-goers about everything from climate change and health care to what it’s going to take to defeat President Trump. 
The birther-in-chief continues to spout racist, un-American garbage to distract from his failing administration. Democratic women of the House do more to make our country great than Trump ever will. 
Thank you, Lori—for your incredible work with and for organizing such a wonderful event in Oakland County, Michigan. I can't wait to come back! 
”They also will answer, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or needing clothes or sick or in prison, and did not help you?’ He will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did not do for one of the least of these, you did not do for me.’” Matthew 25:44-45 
  receives a standing ovation when asked about faith in politics - she says some politicians use religion as…
I loved getting to catch up with my friend to talk about feminism, ambition, and life on the campaign trail. Listen to our conversation on Spotify:  
 At  just made a solid, detailed promise to legalize marijuana and ensure the opportunities go not to…
 “All of us have a responsibility to fight as hard as we can against this President.” -  
I'm in Philly at to talk to this incredible group of organizers about how I'll stand up for our progressive values and defeat President Trump. Join us live: 
The threat of deportation raids has no real purpose except to terrify families and sow division. This is another racist attack on immigrants to distract from Trump's failures.For anyone who's scared: We won't stop fighting. For now, know your rights: 
The Trump administration's family separation policy is a stain on our country. Now, they're doubling down on their cruelty with their threat of raids.Every minute this crisis proceeds is an indictment on our humanity—and every one of us needs to refuse to comply.
It's hard to put into words what we're seeing our government do to immigrants. There can no longer be any doubt that this is a politically-driven crisis, a violation of human rights, and an atrocity. It has to stop. What more will it take? 
  service in the Senate has been marked by passionate leadership for gun safety. Her campaign is no diffe…
We can acknowledge both the painful realities of institutional racism and the economic hardships many white people face. We need policy solutions both broad and targeted to make sure everyone in this country has a fair shot at opportunity. 
The mission of the bus tour was to go to some of the many places where President Trump's broken promises have hurt working people most. Listening to their stories only reinforced my belief that we need a president who's brave enough to deliver results where Trump failed. 
 ‘We have to recognize suffering in all forms.’ — offered this answer to a voter who questioned ‘white privi…
We're in Lansing, MI to talk about President Trump's broken promises on women's rights, and how I'll defend them.Join us live: 
 Every day, 100 Americans are killed with guns. Thank you to for being the latest 2020 candidate to propose so…
President Trump said he'd "respect" and "cherish" women. I'll actually fight for them.  
  just announced her plan to fight gun violence if elected president.Americans are demanding a leader…
What I saw today in Flint is a resilient community that's still fighting for clean water.Trump may have forgotten about the people of Flint, but I haven't—and I won't.  
Trump said he’d help Flint families—and he hasn't. Residents and activists have been left to fight for their community while his administration fails again and again to address the crisis.I’ll listen to the families, and be the fierce fighter they need.  
 I’m incredibly thankful for the opportunity to hear speak today in Bloomfield Hills about reducing 
Today we visited Flint, MI. I had the chance to meet with Dr. whose research sounded the alarm on the water crisis, and we discussed Flint’s health, recovery efforts, and the need for continued support for this community. We can’t forget Flint, and I won’t. 
In Oakland County, MI, we talked about how we can combat gun violence, like having universal background checks and addressing the intersection of gun violence and domestic abuse.I'll be a president who treats gun violence like the health crisis it is:  
President Trump promised to do something about gun violence, but instead, he is actively standing in the way of common-sense reform.Every day, 100 Americans are killed with guns. We deserve a president who will do something about that—so here's my plan:  
Good riddance. 
Today in Youngstown, OH, a woman asked: "This is an area that, across all demographics, has been depressed because of the loss of industry and the opioid crisis. What do you have to say to people in this area about so-called white privilege?"Here's what I answered: 
This year, President Trump suggested cutting $25 billion from Social Security—after promising that he wouldn’t cut programs like Social Security and Medicare.He lied. I don't. I met with voters in Cleveland to share how I'll strengthen Social Security:  
Social Security is more than an entitlement: It’s a benefit all Americans earn over their lifetimes.President Trump turned his back on seniors when he proposed budgets that gut Social Security. I'll protect and strengthen it:  
I went to Youngstown, Ohio today because I believe we need a president who will put workers first, and who will hold corporations accountable when they hurt working communities. The people I met here deserve nothing less.  
Nila works long, hard hours at UPMC, but she still struggles to make sure her sons have the health care they need.No one should be put in this position. We need a president who believes that health care is a right and not a privilege, and has a plan to make that happen. 
Want to follow along on the Trump Broken Promises Bus Tour and get updates from the road? Text PROMISES to 60980. 🚍 
President Trump promised workers that he would stop companies from shipping U.S. jobs overseas.Instead, he gave massive tax breaks to those companies—and did nothing when they gave huge bonuses to executives and outsourced jobs anyway.I'll fix it: 
At our Pittsburgh roundtable, we discussed one of our biggest health care crises: skyrocketing prescription drug prices. We need to take serious steps to hold drug companies accountable, get costs down, and make health care a right once and for all.  
This morning, I was in Pittsburgh talking about my plan to lower prescription drug prices. President Trump told voters he'd tackle this—and just this morning, he once again broke his promise. He's just not getting this done; I will. 
If your view of women is so backward in 2019 that you can’t be alone with a reporter doing her job, what the hell are you doing trying to be the governor of a whole state? 
Prescription drug prices are out of control. Hard-working Americans are having to choose between paying for their medication or keeping food on the table.Trump promised those prices would come down—and he failed to deliver. Here's how I'll get it done: 
I'm hitting the road today for our Trump Broken Promises bus tour! I'll be talking about some of the  issues he's failed to deliver on—and my plans to fix them.Two days, three states, six stops. Follow along on our live blog, starting in Pittsburgh: 
President Trump makes promises. I'll make progress.  
Tomorrow we kick off our Trump Broken Promises bus tour. We're going to communities that have felt the impact of Trump's lies and failures the hardest—and I'm going to share some of my plans to fix them. Learn more about the tour at  
From the U.S. Women’s National Soccer team to our neighbors and friends, women across the country still aren’t being paid as much as their male counterparts. It's time to show we value women through our actions, not just our words. Sign my petition for equal pay &gt;&gt;
The U.S. Women’s National Soccer team won two World Cups in a row—but they still aren’t being paid as much as their male counterparts. Women across this country know how they feel. We need equal pay for equal work NOW. Sign my petition if you agree &gt;&gt;
We need a nominee who can take on Trump. I kicked off my campaign at his doorstep, and now I'm taking the fight to the states he won in 2016. But we can only keep fighting with your support. Chip in now to keep our momentum going: 
When asks you to share a little about who you are and what you're fighting for, you oblige! 
This may have been okay for his audience of one, but it’s not good enough for the American people. Acosta needs to resign or be fired now. 
President Trump didn't "drain the swamp." He filled it with people just like him. And I'm ready to bring Washington the reform it desperately needs. 
Working families aren't just losing jobs—their lives are being upended by changing industries. We have to confront these shifts with new ideas to train and support workers for the future. 
These arcane policies don’t make any community safer, and they aren’t justice. They just reinforce a system that keeps poor people in jail while wealthier people walk free. We need to end cash bail. 
President Trump told voters he'd tackle the issues that keep them up at night, from prescription drug prices and job loss to gun safety and Social Security. He's failed to deliver. I won't.He makes promises. I'll make progress. 
Gov. Sununu thinks being able to care for loved ones without losing a paycheck is a joke. We're not laughing. He deserves to lose his job.
This administration's family separation policy has caused trauma that will last these families a lifetime, but it's not enough just to end that policy. We need real immigration reform with a path to citizenship and a humane asylum process. 
It's time. Sign if you agree:  
I may be slightly biased, but Maple would make a fabulous First Dog. 
Can't wait to be in Philadelphia this weekend with the amazing community! These are some of the activists and organizations driving this movement to protect our progressive values and stand up to Trump—and we have a lot to talk about. See you there! 
There are few crimes more horrendous than sexual violence against minors—and enabling that kind of predatory behavior is disgusting. I voted against Alex Acosta's nomination because he should never have been in a position of power in the first place. He needs to resign now.
President Trump has broken a lot of promises. Working families are struggling, and he's failed to deliver solutions. I won't.Today we released our first TV ad, and we're making sure voters in states that Trump won see it. Help keep it on the air:  
At the debates last month, the candidates were asked how we'd deal with Mitch McConnell if we're elected president. Here’s one solution: We replace him. I'm proud to endorse for U.S. Senate. Let's win this fight—support her campaign now:  
I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again: President Trump, and every member of his administration responsible for the abuses committed against immigrant families, must be held accountable. I refuse to accept another year-plus of children traumatized at our government’s hands.
A year ago today, I visited a Brownsville, TX detention facility housing over 1,400 migrant children in prison-like conditions. Since then, the crisis created by Trump’s inhumane policy has gotten worse—and his administration still has no plan to reunite many of these families.
The incessant attacks on the ACA put millions of Americans at risk of losing health care. We need to protect the ACA, and then truly make health care a human right—starting with an option to buy into Medicare, and with single-payer as the end goal. 
When women have a seat at the table, America wins.
Thank you for hosting our roundtable today, and thank you for your crucial work advocating for survivors and working to end sexual and domestic violence. I’m with you in this fight, always.  
The best women's soccer team in the world making much less than their male counterparts is a national disgrace. But the pay gap holds back women in workplaces across the country. It's time we close it.Sign my petition to demand equal pay for equal work: 
So much fun to work out with this team! This group crushed it at FortCycle in Manchester this morning. 💪 
 Q: what role should the federal govt play in setting nat'l standards; holding universities accountable legi…
The fought hard and brought home yet another World Cup title, making history as back-to-back champions.This team makes our country to proud—they shouldn't have to fight just to be paid what they deserve. 
Intimidating anyone from being counted is undemocratic and un-American. Every voice counts, and as president, I'll uphold our values by protecting the Census. 
 “If you want all of us represented in our democracy, get money out of politics...if the American people aren’t willing…
Democracy reform is one of the most important things we need to accomplish—because none of our other progressive plans can happen without it. Join us live at our Equal Citizens Town Hall in Portsmouth as we talk about how I'll get it done: 
Congratulations, ladies! You make us so proud, on and off the field.Once again the has proven they’re the best team in the world—now let’s make sure they’re paid like it. 
Let’s go team!  
You know how we prove a woman is "electable" enough to be president? We elect a woman president.  
A refresher! 
I got to try some of the whiskey here at and they did not disappoint.FYI, there's still time to enter our contest to grab a glass with me! Make your donation to our campaign and you could win:  
 In a recent Planned Parenthood Global report, experts detail the harmful effects of the  Bottom line: The globa…
We're here at to talk about our vision for our country's future—and our favorite whiskey. Grab a glass and join us live: 
I said it before and I’ll say it again. 
High fives and giggles for all. 
So much fun to celebrate Independence Day with THREE parades in New Hampshire! We show our love for our country by fighting to make it better—let’s keep at it. 
We need to get money out of politics. The health of our democracy depends on it. 
All of the progressive plans and ideas we're discussing in this primary depend on getting money out of politics. We need clean elections to restore power to people in our democracy. 
Team Gillibrand knows how to rock a parade. Hope everyone had an awesome time celebrating Independence Day!  
We need a president who's brave enough to lead by doing the right thing—even when it's hard, even when it's inconvenient. Because that's what leaders do. 
Democracy only works if we all participate. We should be making it easier for Americans to make their voices heard—not harder. We need automatic voter registration for every eligible 18-year-old. 
You know what would be a great way to celebrate Independence Day? Making it easier to participate in our democracy. 
My clean elections plan is the most comprehensive democracy reform proposal of any candidate's in this race—because it's going to take a big, bold plan to solve the problem of corruption and greed in our politics.  Here's how we'll do it: 
It’s not the Fourth of July without a BBQ. Thanks to Puritan for the ice cream! 
Happy Fourth of July! 🇺🇸 
Happy 243rd birthday, America! Seems like a great time to send a woman to the White House.📷: Annie Leibovitz 
None of our progressive ideas can happen until we fix what's broken in Washington. That means getting money out of politics, expanding voting rights, and bringing transparency to our government.  Here's how I'll do it as president: 
I'm sick of playing defense on reproductive rights. It's time to go on offense.
Now that the cat's out of the bag about my go-to "comfort food" on the campaign trail, I'd love for you to grab a glass with me! Make a donation to enter:  
Close the camps. 
Proud of my "uniquely detailed and aggressive" plan to get money out of politics. When the infection of corruption and greed in Washington is this widespread, you don't meet it with a halfway solution—you dive in with a bold plan to fight it at the roots. 
I don’t care what kind of family you’re from—sexual assault is never acceptable. Stop making excuses for perpetrators and start standing up for those who've been violated.Our kids don’t need to be coddled. They need to be taught not to rape. 
2020 feels like a good time to break the glass ceiling—in all ways. I'm proud to have signed the  Pledge for Gender Parity in National Security Appointments from 
Thank you, Oregon, for doing the right thing. Now let's do it at the federal level. 
Good. Every voice should count in our democracy.
Congratulations to our I think they deserve a raise, don't you? 
This is a humanitarian crisis. 
 GAME DAY: The is playing in the World Cup AND fighting for equal pay to their male colleagues at the same time. 💪Du…
The Trump administration's assault on reproductive health care isn't just affecting the US—it's also harming people all over the world. We need a president who knows that reproductive rights are human rights. 
 “It is mind-boggling to me that we are still debating whether women should have access to reproductive rights. We have to start…
We're facing two crises: climate change, and a failure of leadership.
Here's an idea: Cancel this rule altogether, and don't give health care providers the ability to discriminate at all. 
Madam President. Has a nice ring to it, doesn't it? 
My grandmother organized women in local campaigns at a time when women weren't supposed to have power.My mother was one of only three women in her law school class.They taught me that if there isn't a space for you, you should make your own. 
Everyone loves when Maple makes an appearance at campaign headquarters—especially Maple. 
When families succeed, they can give their children a chance to do even better. That's the central principle of my Family Bill of Rights: We can help level the playing field for all kids by making it easier and more affordable to raise them:  
I'm proud to lead the 2020 field on reproductive rights, tackling Washington corruption, and standing up to Trump in the Senate. It was exhilarating getting to share what I'm fighting for in the first debate. Can't wait to do it again in the next one. 
Abandoning the Iran nuclear deal was reckless and dangerous. We need to return to the agreement, strengthen it, and bring Iran back into compliance. President Trump’s foreign policy is a national security risk.
At the first debate, I proved that no one will fight harder for women and families than me. That's why we need to make sure I'm in the next round of debates in the fall. Can you chip in before the FEC deadline at midnight to help secure my spot? 
I believe that years from now, we'll look back on this moment in our history, and we’ll be able to say that we took action to change what's so deeply wrong with the status quo. Because when we stand together to drive out darkness, hope rises. Fear loses. And  
Thirty state legislatures are working to restrict abortion access and challenge Roe v. Wade. The next president needs to realize the stakes of this fight and be ready not just to defend reproductive rights, but to lead the fight for them. 
Congratulations to on his nomination to represent Democrats in  Excited for him to continue Rep. Hedden's great work in Story County. 
I don’t believe in “unsolvable problems.” Whether it's standing up to the NRA to end gun violence or taking on insurance companies to get health care costs down, we can start fixing it—if we get money out of politics.I have a plan for that:  
This is racism. It was wrong before, and it’s wrong now. We won’t allow it again. 
We need a president who will take on the biggest fights we face—even if she stands alone. 
The Hyde Amendment is the result of negotiations and compromises struck on the backs of women.  Everyone in America should have access to safe and legal abortion. When I'm at that negotiation table, I won’t compromise on our rights.  
If we're only ever on defense, we're losing. It’s time to fight for reproductive rights, and fight to win. 
A true American hero who fought till the end. Rest in peace, Lou. We can never thank you enough for your service and your bravery.My heart is with all his loved ones. 
Corruption is everywhere in Washington, whether we're talking about money in politics or closed-door negotiations where our rights get thrown to the wayside.Our next president needs to be brave enough to take it on. 
We ladies have to stick together. 
In the first 100 days of my presidency, I'll pass the Family Bill of Rights—guaranteeing paid family leave, universal pre-K, affordable day care, and support for every family, no matter who they are. 
On the other side of these fences at  were big white tents. That's where they're keeping these children: in tents, behind solid fences. These detention centers are like prisons, and the trauma happening within their walls—in this administration's hands—is inexcusable. 
LGBTQ rights are human rights.  
  keeps returning to this theme of reforming democratic institutions - and she's right that nothing else is po…
 Today, w/ we requested entry into the  c…
I will keep fighting for comprehensive immigration reform with a pathway to citizenship. And it's absurd that I even have to say this, but I will: I would not divert border security funds into for-profit prisons to lock up children and asylum seekers.  
 “I have been the fiercest advocate for Roe v. Wade, and I promise you when that door closes, I will guarantee your rep…
Every American deserves respect and dignity on the job. I stand with and all airport workers striking for safe working conditions, fair pay, and the right to unionize.  
 CORRUPTION: "If we get money out of politics, we can guarantee health care is a right—not a privilege—we can deal with insti…
 is a for-profit detention center. This is a prison, where they are detaining children in inhumane conditions. Separating them from their loved ones—for no reason other than cruelty.  It needs to stop. I will not back down from fighting for these children. 
I’m at the  detention center to see firsthand the humanitarian crisis this administration has created. Follow along live here: 
It doesn’t matter how good our ideas are if we can’t implement them. I’m the only candidate with a comprehensive plan to get money out of politics and make Congress accountable to people—not special interests.  
Too often in our government, when the doors close and negotiations are made, it’s women’s rights that are the first to go out the window.To me, they’re nonnegotiable.  
 At  laid down a challenge on abortion rights 
 "When the doors close and negotiations are made, there are conversations about women’s rights — and compromises have been made o…
In our politics, compromises are made on women's backs. So when we beat President Trump and—God forbid—Mitch McConnell walks into the Oval Office to start negotiating, who do you want on the other side of the desk?I will fight for reproductive rights, no matter what.  
  knows that protecting reproductive rights requires a real, proactive agenda. Don't miss her plan: 
 “Until you go to the root of the corruption, the money in politics, and the fact that Washington is run by the special inter…
 “Compromises have been made on our backs.” is 1000% right on abortion.
 "Imagine the Parkland kids having as much power in our democracy as the Koch brothers and the NRA."  👏👏
 THIS is the core reason I'm such a big Gillibrand fan: When the chips are down, there is no doubt in my mind she'll spend every d…
 It is important got to talk here because she is far and away the reproductive rights leader on this, which is…
 "Women in America are on fire. We’ve marched. We’ve organized. We’ve run for office. And we’ve WON..." -
Now is not the time to play it safe. Now is not the time to be afraid of firsts. Now is the time to be brave.  
 Thank you for uplifting this critical moment in the fight for gender equality and reproductive freedom - and st…
 Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand: "Women's reproductive rights are under assault by President Trump and the Republican Party." 
 "The truth is until you go to the root of the corruption, the money in politics, the fact that Washington is run by the s…
 Thank you for using your closing statements to bring attention to the lack of access to abortion in Geor…
  is right. American workers need their voices to be heard and that starts with ending corruption in Washington and…
I'll never back down from a tough fight—and I proved that tonight. If you liked what you heard at the  chip in whatever you can to help make sure I'm on every future debate stage: 
Now is not the time to play it safe. Now is not the time to be afraid of firsts. We need a president who’s brave enough to take on the toughest fights—even if she stands alone. 
Kirsten is on fire. Chip in now to make sure we keep hearing from her on future debate stages:  
President Trump said he was ten minutes away from starting a war with Iran—without ever asking Congress.We need a real commander in chief. 
Imagine if our commander in chief brought a decade of experience on the Armed Services Committees instead of two years on Twitter. 
Paid family leave, affordable child care, universal pre-K, and support for families—no matter who they are—in the first 100 days.  
After every mass shooting, NRA-bought politicians say nothing can be done to fix this epidemic.In the words of we call BS. It's time to put lives over money and end the gun lobby's chokehold on our laws. 
 Kirsten Gillibrand's "family bill of rights" calls for investments in maternal and child health. It includes a national pa…
The Parkland kids should have as much power in our democracy as the Koch Brothers or the NRA.  
We need to make sure a fierce fighter for reproductive rights is on every debate stage. Help us make sure Kirsten gets there:  
If we can’t guarantee things like universal pre-K or national paid family leave, then we’re not setting families up to succeed. That means we’re failing. We need a Family Bill of Rights: 
 Gillibrand brings up how often abortion rights have been thrown under the bus - she's right, and this is why we need no…
Climate change is the single greatest threat to humanity that exists today, and it will take a bold approach to even begin solving it. We can’t afford half-steps—the Green New Deal should be our moonshot. 
Reproductive rights are nonnegotiable. Period.  
Women deserve a president who won’t just defend their rights, but one who will lead the fight for them. Kirsten was the first 2020 candidate to put out a comprehensive reproductive rights agenda and vow to only appoint judges who’d uphold Roe.  
When we defeat Donald Trump, and Mitch McConnell walks into the Oval Office—who do you want in that negotiating room?Kirsten has been fighting fiercely for women’s rights for a decade. When that door closes, she'll never compromise on women’s reproductive freedom. 
Special interests are at the root of almost all of our biggest problems right now—gun violence, climate change, unaffordable health care. We need to shut them out and put the power in our democracy back where it belongs: with the people.  
A Clean Elections plan is how we make all of our other plans possible. Here's how it works ⤵️  
Correct.  
We should not be spending money on for-profit prisons to lock up children and asylum-seekers.  
Donald Trump’s administration demonizing and mistreating asylum-seekers and funneling security funds into for-profit prisons doesn’t make us safe. 
 
Let’s not mince words: Separating children from their families in order to punish them for seeking a better life is cruel. This has to end. 
Immigrants and those seeking asylum should have access to lawyers, not cages. People coming to our country should be met with compassion, not walls. 
We desperately need compassionate, humane immigration reform in this country. It starts with a pathway to citizenship. 
Health care should be a right, not a privilege. That’s why Kirsten supports Medicare for All—and has since 2005.  
We need to create a public option to let people buy in to Medicare for All at a cost they can afford. That’s how we transition from our current system to single-payer.  
A throwback to Kirsten arguing for a Medicare for All health care plan—in 2006.  
 “If you’re talking about ending gun violence, it’s the greed of the NRA and the gun manufacturers that makes any progress im…
You’ll hear a lot of progressive ideas tonight. But we’ll never get them done if we can’t get the corrupting influence of money out of politics and break Washington gridlock. Kirsten’s Clean Elections plan would do it:  
Our economy is not an even playing field. Kids fall back because of their socioeconomic status, race, and zip code, before they enter kindergarten. Kirsten's economic agenda centers on families and addresses institutional inequities. 
We're one of the richest countries in the world. To withhold health care from those who can't afford it is shameful. It's long past time for Medicare for All. 
Hey everyone! Team Gillibrand here. 👋 Kirsten is about to take to the  stage, and we're so excited to cheer her on. Make sure you tune in and follow along with our live updates here!
Want live updates from Team Gillibrand during tonight's  Text DEBATE to 60980 for texts from the campaign! 
We deserve better than cowardice in the White House. Let's be brave.  
I'm getting ready for the debate tonight, and I can't wait to share my vision with the whole country.With higher thresholds for the next debates, I need to hit 130,000 donors so I can keep lifting up the issues you care about. Can you be one of them?  
I come from a line of strong, outspoken women. They raised me with the belief that bravery isn't just about standing up for yourself—it's about standing up for people who need you. Here's a little more of what they taught me. 
"A pledge that Gillibrand made earlier this year—to only nominate judges who commit to backing Roe v. Wade—has set the standard for nearly every other 2020 Democrat, most of whom have followed suit."And I'm glad it did. 
When I started this campaign, I said I'd fight for every family as hard as I fight for my own. And when it's your family, you don't settle for half-steps. You dig deep and act boldly.When it comes to making the future better for families, I will fight. And I fight to win. 
I'm looking forward to sharing my plans, where I stand on issues, and what I'll do as president on the  stage tonight—but if you want a refresher, text ISSUES to 60980! 
We deserve a leader who will take on the fights no one else will. Someone who's brave enough to stand up for what's right, even when it's hard. Even when she stands alone.That's what I do, and that's why I'm running. 
I'm Kirsten Gillibrand. I'm from upstate New York. I believe my purpose in life is to help people. And I'm running for president of the United States.Even if you’re not sure who you support yet, consider donating $1 to my campaign to keep me in the debates &gt;&gt;
Hi, everyone! 👋 I’m Kirsten Gillibrand.The DNC has DOUBLED the number of grassroots donors I need to qualify for the next round of debates to 130,000. To keep me in the debates, I need your help. Donate $1 today &gt;&gt;
I'm Kirsten Gillibrand. I'm from upstate New York. I believe my purpose in life is to help people. And I'm running for president of the United States.If you like what you’re hearing from me at the debates and want to learn more, join our team today.
Hi, everyone! 👋 I’m Kirsten Gillibrand.I’ve taken on the fights that no one else will—and won. If you like what you’re hearing from me at the debates and want to learn more, join our team today.
Good. The citizenship question is intended solely to instill fear in immigrant communities. There’s absolutely no need to include it in the census.
This is a disgrace. Partisan gerrymandering guts the most sacred principle of our democracy: voters choose their representatives—not the other way around.We can't rely on the judiciary to defend our values. We need Clean Elections and fair redistricting. 
I'm Kirsten Gillibrand. I'm from upstate New York. I believe my purpose in life is to help people. And I'm running for president of the United States. 
Can’t wait to be on the debate stage tomorrow night, making sure the issues I’m fighting for get the attention they deserve.See you tomorrow at 9 pm. 
I was the first—and still, one of the only—2020 candidates to release a comprehensive LGBTQ rights agenda, because LGBTQ rights are human rights.  
We can't stop climate change unless we take bold action and put a price on carbon. It doesn't matter what President Trump or anyone else says—saving our planet, creating green jobs, and protecting clean air and water should be bipartisan and a no-brainer. 
Gun violence is an epidemic in this country—but we can’t end it unless we get money out of politics. Elected officials should answer only to the people they represent, not the NRA and its greed. 
Seeking asylum is not a crime. 
President Trump’s treatment of immigrants is inhumane and appalling. Separating families and detaining kids in horrifying conditions doesn’t make anyone safer. We need comprehensive immigration reform. 
All of the Democrats running support reproductive rights, but the next president needs a plan to codify Roe v. Wade and protect access everywhere. That’s why I was the first candidate to put out a comprehensive reproductive rights agenda:  
Health care should be a human right—period. But to make Medicare for All a reality, the next president needs to be brave enough to take on the insurance companies, create competition, and get costs down. I’ll fight for it as president just like I have done since 2006. 
It's almost here: I'm fired up to take the debate stage tomorrow at 9 pm ET and hope you'll tune in! Join one of our watch parties happening all over the country: 
Leaders take on tough fights and get things done—no matter who they're up against, and even if it means standing alone. We need a leader. 
Families across America are struggling to make ends meet, and their children are being held back as a result.That's why in my first hundred days as president, I'll pass a Family Bill of Rights to make sure every kid has a chance to succeed: 
We all need to do whatever we can to stop this administration's abuse of immigrants. I've visited detention centers in TX and NY, and on Friday, I'm going to Homestead. We've got to speak up and show up until we 
Four years ago today, the Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell v. Hodges made marriage equality the law of the land.As we continue fighting for LGBTQ rights, we’ll be standing on the shoulders of countless brave advocates who got us this far. Let’s keep going.  
It's essential that our next president have a bold vision for this country—but none of it will be possible until we get money out of politics.My Clean Elections Plan will put power into the hands of people—and let us finally make the progress we need.  
I always knew I wanted to do public service, but as a little girl, it didn’t always seem within reach. There weren’t as many women running for office then.Today, I’m running for president of the United States. And I hope little girls know that someday, they can, too. 
Getting everyone ready before the debate in Miami! 
I have a long history of taking on big fights in the Senate—even when I stand alone—and getting things done. That’s exactly what I will do as president. And if it means going toe-to-toe with President Trump, even better.The time for being polite is over. 
This president's misogyny is disqualifying. Women deserve better.I believe E. Jean. 
This is the bare minimum. This administration's appalling mistreatment of immigrant children has to stop, and every person responsible for it should resign—including President Trump. 
Tanya inspires me. She and the thousands of transgender service members who've served our country are braver than this president will ever be. 
The coordinated assault on reproductive freedom has been underway for years, and it's about one thing: undermining women's bodily autonomy.We must be unequivocal in standing up for our civil rights. That includes electing a new president who will fight for them, no matter what. 
LGBTQ rights are human rights. I've been fighting for them since I was first elected to Congress—and I'm not about to stop now. 
Children are being subjected to inhumane conditions because of a crisis President Trump created. He needs to fix it. 
I told The New York Times that my comfort food is a glass of whiskey at the end of the night. Now I want to share one with you! Make a donation and you’ll be entered into a drawing for a chance to get a drink with me. See you on the campaign trail &gt;&gt;
I told The New York Times that my comfort food is a glass of whiskey at the end of the night. Now I want to share one with you! Make a donation and you’ll be entered into a drawing for a chance to get a drink with me. See you on the campaign trail &gt;&gt;
I told the New York Times that my comfort food is a glass of whiskey at the end of the night. Now I want to share one with you! Make a donation and you’ll be entered into a drawing for a chance to get a drink with me. See you on the campaign trail &gt;&gt;
BIG NEWS: One person (and a friend) will get to grab a whiskey with Kirsten! 🥃Make a donation and you’ll be entered into the drawing &gt;&gt;
Want to have a glass of whiskey with Kirsten? 🥃Make a donation of any amount and you’ll be entered for a chance to meet up with Kirsten for a drink! ENTER NOW &gt;&gt;
I told the New York Times that my comfort food is a glass of whiskey at the end of the night. Now I want to share one with you! Make a donation and you’ll be entered into a drawing for a chance to get a drink with me. See you on the campaign trail &gt;&gt;
BIG NEWS: One person (and a friend) will get to grab a whiskey with Kirsten! 🥃Make a donation and you’ll be entered into the drawing &gt;&gt;
Want to have a glass of whiskey with Kirsten? 🥃Make a donation of any amount and you’ll be entered for a chance to meet up with Kirsten for a drink! ENTER NOW &gt;&gt;
This is not up for debate. We are talking about children. Human beings. These conditions are unacceptable. 
Too often, politicians just don't listen to the people who are most affected by the policies they create. Thank you, Laurie, for sharing your story with me.Bodily autonomy is a fundamental human right. That's why we have to fight for everyone's ability to exercise it. 
This election is a chance to stand up for our values—from protecting civil rights to making the economy work for all of us. Now is not the time to be silent.If this weekend is any indication, we're going to make our voices heard loud and clear. Thank you, South Carolina! 
President Trump and legislatures across the country have launched an all-out assault on our reproductive rights. We need a president who understands how serious this is—and is ready to fight like hell against it. 
Ran into a few friends in South Carolina this weekend. Thanks for an amazing fish fry, 
Thank YOU for your leadership. We’re going to win this fight for reproductive rights for all. 
Reproductive health care is health care, and access to it must not only be protected, but increased for all people—no matter who they are or where they live.We need a president who will fight for these basic human rights. Thank you for helping make sure of it. 
 Thank you 2020 Presidential Candidate Kirsten Gillibrand for joining me for an MSNBC exclusive interview live from the South…
Read this: "Four toddlers were so severely ill and neglected at a U.S. Border Patrol facility in McAllen, Texas, that lawyers forced the government to hospitalize them last week."This is child abuse at the hands of the U.S. government. 
  "As President, i will guarantee that no matter where in this country, all 50 states, you will have access to sa…
 ‘It’s a life or death decision for her. It should be her human right.’ — 2020 candidate Kirsten Gillibrand explained the d…
It’s a busy weekend in South Carolina, but there’s always time for a birthday song. Happy birthday, 
Reproductive rights are nonnegotiable, period. Very happy to be at the  presidential forum in Columbia, SC, sharing how I’ll fight like hell for these basic human rights as president. Join us: 
65,000 Donors: ✅130,000 Donors: NOT YETWe know we can get to 130,000 donors to qualify for the next round of debates with your help. Donate $1 today to make it happen &gt;&gt;
WATCH: Kirsten and Connie have something to ask you! The DNC has DOUBLED the number of grassroots donors Kirsten need to qualify for the next round of debates to 130,000. To stay in the debates, she needs your help. Donate $1 today &gt;&gt;
That President Trump even considered a strike against Iran is a testament to his inability to lead. He is making us less safe. 
Attention Dartmouth alumni! Kirsten Gillibrand ‘88 is running for president. But the DNC’s rules may keep her off the debate stage this fall. Will you chip in now to be one of the 130,000 donors she needs to qualify?
Hey Big Green! Kirsten Gillibrand '88 is running for president. She needs 130,000 donors to guarantee her spot in the next round of DNC debates. Will you be one of them?
Even if you’re unsure of who you’re going to support for president, we need a fighter for reproductive rights in the race and on the debate stage. Make a donation to Kirsten’s campaign to make sure this issue stays at the forefront of this race &gt;&gt;
Even if you’re unsure of who you’re going to support for president, we need a fighter for reproductive rights in the race and on the debate stage. Make a donation to Kirsten’s campaign to make sure this issue stays at the forefront of this race &gt;&gt;
Between his historic foreign policy blunders, dangerous statements, and military escalation in the region, I'm deeply concerned that President Trump could drag us into a war with Iran. This is not a game.
President Trump inherited an Iran whose nuclear ambitions were constrained by international agreement. He destroyed the impact of that agreement. He has undermined the international coalition safeguarding against Iran building a nuclear weapon.He is endangering us all.
Yesterday I sent a letter to the president demanding that he not heedlessly launch us into another unnecessary and unauthorized war.We're still in Afghanistan. The Iraq War's cheerleader is now our top national security official. We should be ending wars—not starting new ones.
Few things make President Trump's recklessness clearer—or more alarming—than what happened last night.Let's set this straight right now: The president must not start a war without congressional approval. He is risking lives and making America less safe. 
We 💖 Pride! You can still get your Pride gear in the Gillibrand 2020 shop—use the code PRIDE for 10% off!  
Lou Alvarez is an American hero. Every senator should watch his final interview, from hospice care, and have to explain if they haven't yet supported extending the 9/11 first responders bill. 
There's no crying in softball. 🥎 
NEWS: Kirsten will be on the debate stage next Thursday, June 27th, but first she wants to hear from you! Which conversations do you want her to bring to the national stage? Take her quick survey today and let her know what your priorities are &gt;&gt;
I want to hear from you: What issues do you want me to discuss on the debate stage? &gt;&gt;
NEWS: Kirsten will be on the debate stage next Thursday, June 27th, but first she wants to hear from you! Which conversations do you want her to bring to the national stage? Take her quick survey today and let her know what your priorities are &gt;&gt;
I want to hear from you: What issues do you want me to discuss on the debate stage? &gt;&gt;
We can't settle for half-steps on marijuana legalization. If we don't expunge marijuana records and specifically support the communities who've been most hurt by the war on drugs, it's not true justice. 
This perfectly summarizes this president's legacy: protecting an industry that has caused severe environmental health problems, instead of protecting our planet. 
The Trump administration's Title X gag rule will deny access to basic reproductive health care for millions of people. I call that a violation of human rights. We will fight back. 
Thanks for having me, I love a good conversation about women getting off the sidelines—whether it's in politics or starting a small business. (And happy to have found a birthday twin, 🤗) 
We hear you loud and clear, Gabby. I'm with you all the way.  
Seattle's publicly funded elections program:☑️brings more voices to the table☑️incentivizes candidates to focus on small-dollar donors☑️increases voter engagement Sounds pretty good, right? That's why I made a plan to do it at the federal level. 
These were some tough questions, But any day I get to talk about my grandmother, climate action, wealth inequality, and whiskey is a good day in my book. 
Let's do this. 
And proud of it. 
Game day for Here's a throwback to a much smaller Henry cheering us on—let's go team 💪🥎 
Watch Kirsten at The Wing!In order to stay in the debates, she needs your help. Make your voice heard by chipping in $1 to help Kirsten reach the 130,000 donor requirement &gt;&gt;
I want more women at the table. That’s why I’m running for president—to be a voice for those who have been silenced and ignored. I need your help to stay in the next round of debates and be that voice. Chip in $1 to help me get there &gt;&gt;
Lou, you are a hero and a fighter, and my heart is with you. this is why "waiting until the last minute" to give 9/11 first responders the support they deserve doesn't cut it. 
The U.S. government shouldn't be in the business of separating families in the first place—but it especially shouldn't fund detention centers that mistreat children.Vulnerable kids aren't political pawns. Congress needs to hold the president accountable. 
On Juneteenth, we celebrate emancipation—but we must also acknowledge the shadow slavery still casts.We can't change our past, but we must keep working toward a more just future: starting with finally studying reparations, ending mass incarceration, and enacting postal banking.
We can't afford four more years with a misogynist in the White House. Imagine what we could achieve with a working mother as president instead.Chip in and let's do this: 
Just a reminder:Donald Trump is a coward.He is a misogynist.He has torn apart the moral fabric of this country.And I believe his kryptonite is a strong woman who can’t be silenced. 
Tonight, Donald Trump officially begins his campaign for a second term as president. He wants us to think he's strong, but the truth is, he is a coward. We deserve better. 
I will never back down in the fight for what's right—no matter who I have to go up against. I'm proud to have voted against the Trump agenda more than anyone else in the Senate or the 2020 field.  
36 years ago, Sally Ride became the first American woman to go to space, and paved the way for many more to follow her lead. Grateful to her for proving that with bravery, not even the sky is the limit. 
Thank you, Jon.Let's do right by our 9/11 first responders and permanently fund the Victim Compensation Fund, once and for all. 
This president doesn't value women. Let's replace him with one who does. 
  speaks at DNC LGBT gala: "I am so honored to be here with you and so proud to be a Democrat. There is no quest…
"The nation must endure another 1½ years of Trump. But it needn’t suffer another four beyond that. We can do better."  couldn't agree more. 
LGBTQ people deserve to live, work, raise families, and succeed just like anyone else . And they deserve a president who'll fight for that truth. 
Don't get me wrong, I love being on the campaign trail. But there's no place like home with Maple. 
A four-month-old.This baby, and this family, will suffer from this trauma—caused entirely by this administration—for the rest of their lives. We can't become numb to this.
We must honor the nine people murdered at Emanuel AME four years ago today with action, not just words. We need to reject white supremacy, wherever we see it, and end gun violence—starting with closing the Charleston loophole.  
Our democracy is built on the principle of one person, one vote. Racial gerrymandering dilutes the voting power of people of color.This is good news from the Supreme Court. Now let's focus on redistricting reform to ensure voting rights.
Thank you, Kristyn—your endorsement means the world to me. So proud to have you on our team in New Hampshire! 
Anyone who questions whether women can determine this election wasn't paying attention in 2018, and they certainly aren't seeing how fired up women are right now. Thank you for three empowering, inspiring days, 
When I was little, I'd help my grandmother volunteer for Democrats. She was so powerful—taking action to make a difference. I wanted to be JUST like her.She showed me that women's voices matter. That's why I entered public service, and it's why I'm running for president. 
Feels like summer in New Hampshire. 👒 
Every weekend in Iowa is more magical than the last. See you again soon! 
We are so blessed and we love you! Happy Father’s Day, Jonnie! 
Couldn’t leave New Hampshire empty handed 🛍 
How small-minded and backwards do you have to be to cancel a nearly-completed effort to feature a national hero, and the first-ever woman of color, on our currency? Actually, don't answer that. 
Paid family leave isn’t just an economic issue or a “women’s issue”—it should be part of the conversation we have around health care in this country. Thank you for the great discussion this morning. 
When DACA was created seven years ago today, we made a promise to Dreamers who work hard and have only ever called America home. Breaking that promise is one of many cowardly things this president has done.Let's be brave. Let's keep our promise and create a path to citizenship.
The first debate is a huge moment for this campaign. I'll get the chance to share what—and who—I'm fighting for. Help us keep growing this team one living room at a time by hosting a debate watch party on Thursday, June 27:  
 Wonderful to be with and the tonight to discuss the need to fight for hard…
So good to be back with my friend on our old stomping grounds. 
Every election matters, and not just in 2020.Virginia has a crucial election in 2019! If Democrats win two seats in each chamber, we can flip the state legislature and protect health care, reproductive rights, and more. Help  
Feels like yesterday that I was hanging out at Dartmouth with we're back for a campaign event! Join us live from Hanover, NH:  
See you at the debate on June 27.Sign up to host a watch party:  
I’m proud to join hands with LGBTQ Americans on vital issues that affect this community. As president, I’ll be a voice for anyone who has been marginalized. Chip in $1 today to help me get to the White House &gt;&gt;
I’m proud to join hands with LGBTQ Americans on vital issues that affect this community. As president, I’ll be a voice for anyone who has been marginalized. Chip in $1 today to help me get to the White House &gt;&gt;
It's official: We'll be on the debate stage in Miami! I'm so grateful to everyone who's stepped up to get me there—but to make the next round, our goal's been doubled. Chip in to help make sure I get the chance to share my vision in the next debates, too: 
Clean water is a human right.Justice for Flint means getting to the bottom of what went wrong. It means figuring out who's responsible and holding them accountable. Anything less than that is unacceptable. 
 you shouldn't have to be so brave to share your story, and affirm why these decisions should stay between pregnant people and their doctors—but I'm so grateful that you are. Thank you. 
👋 met our new organizers🍻 served drinks at an iconic gay bar📖 visited a book club🌈 celebrated Pride🇺🇸 ran into a friend💪 flipped some tires📢 led some chants🎙 spoke at Hall of FameAnother great weekend in Iowa:  
 123,000+ children in  are waiting to be adopted ; turning away  religious minority ; single parents de…
 Thank you for championing America’s  children and families and introducing the 
No one should have to choose between Social Security savings or paid family leave when they need to take time off with their family. We're the only industrialized country in the world without a National Paid Leave plan—and it's past time we change that.  
It was great getting to sit down with the Editorial Board earlier this week! 
I love Pride. 
Our service members put everything on the line to keep us safe. The least we can do is make sure they're protected within their own ranks.So long as they're subject to sexual assault without justice, we're failing them. We need to pass the Military Justice Improvement Act. Now.
It’s time for Congress to begin impeachment hearings. 
Iowa: Great people, great dogs. 
 TONIGHT on Kirsten Gillibrand pitches her  It's the next installment in "My Big Idea," a se…
Three years ago today, a shooter armed with hate and semi-automatic weapons murdered 49 people at Pulse nightclub.We must do more than remember the victims: We must fight to end gun violence, and refuse to accept homophobia, transphobia, and racism—wherever it takes root.
✅ LGBTQ rights✅ Lizzo✅ Climate change✅ Game of Thrones✅ Women's rights✅ And one curse word. 
Need some inspiration? Look no further than these amazing young women: 
Jon is right. 
 Thank you for commiting to making the climate crisis and a  your top priority. 
Here's an idea: If you win 13-0—the most goals for a single game in World Cup history—you should be paid at least equally to the men's team. Congratulations, 
Women are more than half of the U.S. population, and the heart and soul of our party. Women organized, voted, ran for office, and won by historic numbers in 2018. Women deserve a president who values them—and I'd bet on their power any day.  via
It's Election Day, Virginia! Every election matters, and your voice counts. Find your polling location at  — as long as you're in line by 7 PM, you can vote! 🗳
Thank you, for your friendship and your leadership on saving our planet! 
Good luck to the best team in the world in their first  match! You make us all so proud, on and off the field. Go 
Women leaders across the globe are more likely to have faster-growing economies and are more inclusive, tolerant, and collaborative. In other words: When women lead, we get things done. 
Imagine what we could achieve with a working mother in the White House instead of a misogynist.That's the vision I shared with a room full of fired up Iowans yesterday—read my full speech here: 
  explained how she went from being A-rated to F-rated by the NRA, which parts of the Green New Deal she’d e…
 If elected president, says she would legalize weed and expunge records for all non-violent cannabis convict…
65,000 DONORS: ✅130,000 DONORS: STILL PENDINGThe DNC updated its requirements, and Kirsten needs 130,000 donors to stay in the second round of the debates. Chip in $1 today to help her get there &gt;&gt;&gt;
I need you to chip in to my campaign today—the DNC updated their debate requirements and I now need to reach 130,000 individual donors to stay in the debates. Chip in today &gt;&gt;
65,000 DONORS: ✅130,000 DONORS: STILL PENDINGThe DNC updated its requirements, and Kirsten needs 130,000 donors to stay in the second round of the debates. Chip in $1 today to help her get there &gt;&gt;&gt;
I need you to chip in to my campaign today—the DNC updated their debate requirements and I now need to reach 130,000 individual donors to stay in the debates. Chip in today &gt;&gt;
65,000 DONORS: ✅130,000 DONORS: STILL PENDINGThe DNC updated its requirements, and Kirsten needs 130,000 donors to stay in the second round of the debates. Chip in $1 today to help her get there &gt;&gt;&gt;
I need you to chip in to my campaign today—the DNC updated their debate requirements and I now need to reach 130,000 individual donors to stay in the debates. Chip in today &gt;&gt;
65,000 DONORS: ✅130,000 DONORS: STILL PENDINGThe DNC updated its requirements, and Kirsten needs 130,000 donors to stay in the second round of the debates. Chip in $1 today to help her get there &gt;&gt;&gt;
I need you to chip in to my campaign today—the DNC updated their debate requirements and I now need to reach 130,000 individual donors to stay in the debates. Chip in today &gt;&gt;
My friend Gloria Steinem has a message for you: If you want to make sure I have a spot at the DNC debates, donate $1 today to help me reach 130,000 donors &gt;&gt;
The DNC recently updated their requirements, and Kirsten needs to reach 130,000 individual donors to get into the second round of debates. Chip in $1 today to help her get there!
Gloria Steinem has a message for you: If you want to see Kirsten at the DNC debates, we need you to chip in $1 today &gt;&gt;
My friend Gloria Steinem has a message for you: If you want to make sure I have a spot at the DNC debates, donate $1 today to help me reach 130,000 donors &gt;&gt;
The DNC recently updated their requirements, and Kirsten needs to reach 130,000 individual donors to get into the second round of debates. Chip in $1 today to help her get there!
Gloria Steinem has a message for you: If you want to see Kirsten at the DNC debates, we need you to chip in $1 today &gt;&gt;
My friend Gloria Steinem has a message for you: If you want to make sure I have a spot at the DNC debates, donate $1 today to help me reach 130,000 donors &gt;&gt;
The DNC recently updated their requirements, and Kirsten needs to reach 130,000 individual donors to get into the second round of debates. Chip in $1 today to help her get there!
Gloria Steinem has a message for you: If you want to see Kirsten at the DNC debates, we need you to chip in $1 today &gt;&gt;
Huge news: Over the weekend, we crossed 65,000 donors to our campaign—guaranteeing our spot at the first debates!I'm so grateful to everyone who's helping power this campaign. We have a lot more work to do in the months to come, but for now: Thank you. 
Women are on fire in America today. We are rising up, marching, voting, and demanding our rights. So when pundits ask, “Can a woman really win?” I say: YES. 
Now is not the time to be polite. Now is not the time for small steps. Now is the time to fight like hell. Watch my full speech from today's Hall of Fame celebration: 
 "Imagine what we would achieve in the White House with a working mother, instead of a misogynist," said
We deserve a president who is brave. A president who will take on the fights no one else will and see them through.That’s why I’m running—and that’s why I’m going to win. Thanks for a great weekend, Iowa. And thanks to for an awesome Hall of Fame! 
Now is not the time to settle for the status quo—to compromise—to be polite.It’s time to be brave. Because when hope rises, fear loses. And brave wins.
We know that women leaders across the globe have faster-growing economies, are more inclusive, tolerant and collaborative.When women lead, we get things done.
Now is not the time to be polite. Now is not the time for small steps. Now is the time to fight like hell.
I'm speaking at the Hall of Fame Celebration! Tune in now to join us live: 
Ran into the next Senator from Iowa at Hall of Fame! 
We have an amazing crew at Hall of Fame and we’re ready to go!  
Team Gillibrand is in the house. 
It's Hall of Fame Day here in Iowa! No better way to prep than with a workout at Tire Trained Studio in Marion. 
Wrapped up Iowa day 2 in Ames with an awesome crowd of Story County Democrats—and a quick hello with one of my best friends in the Senate! 
Glad you’re okay, Avery! 
What a beautiful day for Pride 🌈 Thanks and for celebrating with me! 
The young woman is okay and getting water. We’re back live now: 
Join us at Capital City Pride in Des Moines, Iowa! I'm here to talk about my LGBTQ rights agenda—and how we'll win the fights ahead: 
I wish we didn't have to have a  weekend. I wish we didn't have to see news of another shooting seemingly every day.Today, I'm wearing orange because I know we don't have to keep wishing. I know we can end this. And we will.  
What a great morning at the Iowa 2020 Book Club. Even the little ones came out for a reading of Bold and Brave—and they found my dog Maple in all the illustrations! 
A few of my favorite things. 
 Thank you for talking with our students about the issues facing LGBTQ Youth! I hope you had fun making…
What a night 🌈 Happy Pride, Des Moines! 
TW LIVE: Happy Pride, Iowa! 🌈 I'm back at the Blazing Saddle in Des Moines with some friends — join us:  
I'm in Iowa again this weekend and stopped by our headquarters to meet our new organizers—like Michaela, who I met at a Des Moines event back in March, and who just moved here to work on our campaign!This is such an inspiring team, and I can't wait to win Iowa together. 
It's 2019. Let's legalize it. 
 It’s been 100 days since the House passed background checks.In that time, 10,000 people have been shot and killed, 2 s…
My friend Gloria Steinem has a message for you: If you want to make sure I have a spot on the debate stage, donate $1 before it’s too late &gt;&gt;
We’re so close to 65,000 donors, but we’re running out of time. If you want to see Kirsten at the debate this month, chip in $1 today &gt;&gt;
Gloria Steinem has a message for you: If you want to see Kirsten at the debate, we need you to chip in $1 today before the DNC’s deadline. Donate today! &gt;&gt;
My friend Gloria Steinem has a message for you: If you want to make sure I have a spot on the debate stage, donate $1 before it’s too late &gt;&gt;
We’re so close to 65,000 donors, but we’re running out of time. If you want to see Kirsten at the debate this month, chip in $1 today &gt;&gt;
Gloria Steinem has a message for you: If you want to see Kirsten at the debate, we need you to chip in $1 today before the DNC’s deadline. Donate today! &gt;&gt;
My friend Gloria Steinem has a message for you: If you want to make sure I have a spot on the debate stage, donate $1 before it’s too late &gt;&gt;
We’re so close to 65,000 donors, but we’re running out of time. If you want to see Kirsten at the debate this month, chip in $1 today &gt;&gt;
Gloria Steinem has a message for you: If you want to see Kirsten at the debate, we need you to chip in $1 today before the DNC’s deadline. Donate today! &gt;&gt;
With this marijuana legalization plan, we can start working to not only heal the damage done by racist drug laws, but tap into the medical and economic opportunity that marijuana offers. 
Gun violence is an epidemic in this country, but it doesn't have to be. We could change it if elected officials were brave enough to stand up to the NRA.On  we must commit to keep up the fight to end gun violence. The stakes are too high not to. 
This is horrendous. 
Too many families are struggling to make ends meet, and children are being held back as a result. Guaranteeing the right to affordable child care and early education will not only help parents financially, but it will level the playing field for kids—no matter where they're from. 
Trump may think this is a game, but these are people's lives we're talking about. And he's hurting them. We must protect and strengthen programs like Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security—not make debilitating cuts to their funding. 
Nothing proposed today can ever undo the devastating harm done to generations of communities of color by the War on Drugs. But it’s long past time to start making this right.It's time to legalize marijuana nationwide. 
It's simple, really.
I've met a lot of bold, brave little girls on the campaign trail so far, and I love hearing about their big dreams. I met one who wants to publish a book she wrote, one who wants to be a teacher, and yes—one who wants to run for president (in 2052). 
 New from Kirsten Gillibrand is the first 2020 Democrat to endorse in the Iowa Democratic primary for the Jon…
Katie Blanchard told her supervisors on several occasions that an employee made her feel unsafe. Their response? "Come back with facts, not emotion." This brutal attack happened a couple weeks later.We have to believe women. 
Our campaign is growing fast, and momentum is on our side. We're now under 5,000 donors away from the 65K we need to guarantee my spot at the debates, where I'll give the issues we care about the attention they deserve. Chip in $1 to get us there: 
I'm proud to endorse Theresa Greenfield for U.S. Senate. A strong woman and proud "farm kid," she will never forget who she is and who she’s fighting for—and we need more voices like hers in Washington. Iowans deserve a brave fighter like 
 The final stop on the world Wing tour 👐 The Presidential candidate joined us at The Wing SoHo yesterday for a…
75 years since D-Day, we must honor the brave service members who stormed the beaches at Normandy by reaffirming our commitment to the values they fought and died for: love of country, loyalty to our allies, and rejection of authoritarianism and hate. 
We can’t allow hateful people, no matter how powerful they are, to roll back decades of progress. We need to permanently secure the gains LGBTQ Americans have made, and relentlessly strive to expand equal rights and opportunity for all.  
We're one week away from the deadline to secure my spot at the first presidential debates—and if we don't hit 65,000 donors, I could be cut from the stage. Your $1 could make the difference. Can you chip in?  
 Hi, Atlanta. I need your help: Two of my staffers recently lost their dog, Gumbo, in SW Atlanta near Cascade and Fairburn R…
I’m running for her. 
Women have the power to determine elections. We did it in 2018 and we'll do it again in 2020 if we all show up.Thank you for hosting three incredible events, for an amazing discussion, and for your support and heroic leadership. 
With my national marijuana legalization plan, we can begin to dismantle the institutional racism in our criminal justice system, open up important new medical and economic horizons, and lift up communities who need and deserve a fair shot at opportunity. 
A state-by-state patchwork isn't enough to tackle the deeply rooted racial, social, and economic injustices within our marijuana laws, or to unleash the economic equity and opportunity of marijuana legalization. Let's fully legalize marijuana nationwide.  
Thank you, You're right: Marijuana legalization is not only about criminal justice, but economic justice. We will start to make this right and give people the chance to take back the years that racist drug laws stole from them. 
 As the first Black woman to own a Colorado cannabis dispensary, here’s why I’m supporting Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand’s marijuana…
This is important: With Roe at risk, the Rhode Island legislature has the chance to pass a bill that will protect abortion access. Rhode Islanders, email your senators here: Thank you, and for leading this fight in RI!
Repealing the Hyde Amendment is critical so that low-income women in particular can have access to the reproductive care they need and deserve. Reproductive rights are human rights, period. They should be nonnegotiable for all Democrats.
 Let's get real: is leading on cannabis legalization, and today she released her plan to get it done. 
Under my plan, we'll decriminalize marijuana and expunge all non-violent marijuana charges, expand access to medical marijuana, nationally legalize and tax recreational marijuana, and create economic equity and justice through marijuana-driven programs. It's 2019. It's time. 
Marijuana legalization is a criminal justice issue, a health care issue, and an economic issue. It's past time to make this happen at the federal level. Here's my plan to do it: 
 We’ll be going live on Instagram and Facebook soon!!! Tune in to see in conversation with plus, a s…
My Family Bill of Rights would make it easier for everyone to start a family — regardless of your income, race, or gender — and ensure that every child can reach their full potential. And important piece of that: enacting a national paid family leave program. 
If we're going to win the war Republicans are waging on women and our human rights, we're going to have to fight like hell. 
It's been 100 years since the passage of the 19th Amendment. In 2018, women ran for Congress—and won—in record numbers, and now there are six women running for president. We've come a long way, but we're nowhere near finished fighting for our rights. 
We are just days away from securing my spot on the debate stage. Will you chip in and be one of the last donors I need to lock down my spot? I’m so grateful for your support.
Chip in $1 today to become one of the donors I need to push us over the edge and hit the DNC’s 65,000-donor goal to guarantee my spot at the debates.
We’re SO CLOSE to hitting the DNC’s 65,000-donor goal to lock in my spot at the debates. I need you to chip in to my campaign TODAY, before it’s too late!
We are just days away from securing my spot on the debate stage. Will you chip in and be one of the last donors I need to lock down my spot? I’m so grateful for your support.
Chip in $1 today to become one of the donors I need to push us over the edge and hit the DNC’s 65,000-donor goal to guarantee my spot at the debates.
We’re SO CLOSE to hitting the DNC’s 65,000-donor goal to lock in my spot at the debates. I need you to chip in to my campaign TODAY, before it’s too late!
We are just days away from securing my spot on the debate stage. Will you chip in and be one of the last donors I need to lock down my spot? I’m so grateful for your support.
Chip in $1 today to become one of the donors I need to push us over the edge and hit the DNC’s 65,000-donor goal to guarantee my spot at the debates.
We’re SO CLOSE to hitting the DNC’s 65,000-donor goal to lock in my spot at the debates. I need you to chip in to my campaign TODAY, before it’s too late!
We are just days away from securing my spot on the debate stage. Will you chip in and be one of the last donors I need to lock down my spot? I’m so grateful for your support.
Chip in $1 today to become one of the donors I need to push us over the edge and hit the DNC’s 65,000-donor goal to guarantee my spot at the debates.
We’re SO CLOSE to hitting the DNC’s 65,000-donor goal to lock in my spot at the debates. I need you to chip in to my campaign TODAY, before it’s too late!
We are just days away from securing my spot on the debate stage. Will you chip in and be one of the last donors I need to lock down my spot? I’m so grateful for your support.
Chip in $1 today to become one of the donors I need to push us over the edge and hit the DNC’s 65,000-donor goal to guarantee my spot at the debates.
We’re SO CLOSE to hitting the DNC’s 65,000-donor goal to lock in my spot at the debates. I need you to chip in to my campaign TODAY, before it’s too late!
We are just days away from securing my spot on the debate stage. Will you chip in and be one of the last donors I need to lock down my spot? I’m so grateful for your support.
Chip in $1 today to become one of the donors I need to push us over the edge and hit the DNC’s 65,000-donor goal to guarantee my spot at the debates.
"This may have been a salvo by the Republicans to put us in our place. But I will tell you that in 2020, we will be in our place: in their seats."  about time. 
Children. Separated from their parents. Kept in a van. For over 23 hours.Everyone at DHS involved in this inhumane disaster should be fired. 
30 years after the  we remember the peaceful protesters killed by their government for demanding their human rights.The message rings as clearly as ever: History repeats its darkest moments when we stifle or deny facts. We must demand truth.
 Sen. was asked be more ‘polite’ by a Fox News host when she criticized the network for spreading misinf…
100 years ago today, Congress passed the  and many women won the right to vote. They didn't get it by waiting for someone to give it to them—they organized, protested, and yes, got "impolite."If you want to make change, you have to be ready to make some noise. 
To all our Muslim brothers and sisters observing, Eid Mubarak! May this celebration bring you joy, happiness, peace, and prosperity. 
This is a fight for women's lives and fundamental rights, and I intend to win. 
At the end of the day, the question is: Do we value women? And for me, there will always be only one answer. If you agree, join me: 
The power in our democracy belongs in the hands of the people, not politicians and special interests. Voters should know their leaders work for them. Proud to have signed and pledge to support fair redistricting and end gerrymandering. 
I called Fox News out for its lies about abortion because they're actively participating in the Republican Party's assault on reproductive health care. I'll be polite about it when extremists stop attacking our human rights. 
We’re SO CLOSE to hitting the DNC’s 65,000-donor goal to lock in my spot at the debates. I need you to chip in to my campaign TODAY, before it’s too late!
We make up more than half of the population. If we had more seats at the table, do you think we'd still be fighting over women's human rights?  Me neither. 
The NRA is lying to the American people. The chokehold they have on our laws is not about the Second Amendment. It is about gun sales. It is about greed and corruption. It is about making sure the status quo—thousands dying every year—stays the same. 
Ever been told you're not "polite?" We have something for you:  
California is the fifth-largest economy in the world, but ranks 41st in the country in per-pupil funding for education. Tomorrow, Los Angeles residents have the opportunity to stand up and change that. to help end the public education funding crisis. 
I said I'd go anywhere and take on anyone to stand up for what is right. And I meant it. 
Right now, we have a president who does whatever he feels is most convenient and profitable—for himself.We deserve better. 
I'm never going to stop fighting for women and for our progressive values—whether or not it's considered "polite." That’s why I’m running for president. 
The nationwide assault on women’s reproductive rights is powered by Donald Trump and Fox News propaganda. Tonight, I said so. 
I believe we can fix what's broken in America, if we're brave. That's what I'll do as president—and that's what I told the audience at my town hall in Iowa tonight.If you want to hear more, donate to help secure my spot at the debate:  
What about men's seat at the table?  
As president, I will fight for every single American—no matter who they are, where they live, or what their party affiliation. If you liked what you heard tonight at my  help guarantee my spot on the debate stage: 
Donald Trump has degraded our democracy and ripped apart the moral fabric of our country. In moments like this, I believe we're all called to take on the tough fights—even if they are hard. Especially if they are hard.  That's what I'll do as president. 
I fully support border security, and so do Democrats. But what President Trump is doing at our border is not making us safer—it's immoral, it's inhumane, and it's unacceptable. We need comprehensive immigration reform with a path to citizenship. 
As with so many issues, President Trump doesn't have a real plan when it comes to trade, tariffs, or the economy. He's hurting farmers and manufacturers.Americans need a strategy—not a tantrum. 
So many Americans are being left behind in our policies because they aren't represented in our politics. We need to bring more people to the table and lift up voices that haven't been heard. 
I'm going to be very clear: Reproductive rights are human rights, and they are nonnegotiable. That's why as president I will codify Roe v. Wade, which 70% of Americans support, and only appoint judges who will uphold it as a constitutional right. 
Why is it that too many of our leaders don't have the guts to stop gun violence? Simple: because they're bought and paid for by the NRA. That's why I'll take them on, and fight for publicly funded elections. And yes: I'm proud of my "F" rating from the NRA. 
The NRA cares more about gun industry profits than human lives. We need to stand up to their greed not only by fighting for policies like background checks, an assault weapons ban, and anti-trafficking measures, but also by getting money out of our politics. 
The decision about if and when to start a family should be made by a woman and her doctor. That’s why I’ve pledged that as president, I will ONLY nominate judges—including Supreme Court justices—who will commit to upholding Roe v. Wade. If you agree, I need you to chip in $1.
Do you want to see Kirsten Gillibrand on the Democratic debate stage in June?
Do you want to see Kirsten Gillibrand on the Democratic debate stage in June?
I'll go anywhere, any time, to fight for our progressive values. Looking forward to doing the same in my town hall on Fox News tonight. 
My second visit with the women of yesterday in San Francisco! Thanks to for leading a powerful discussion about what’s at stake in this election, the kind of future we want for our country, and how women can power that progress. 
As president, I won't just undo Trump's anti-LGBTQ policies. I'll push for proactive policies to ensure all Americans can live free from discrimination and bigotry, no matter how they identify or who they love. Read my full LGBTQ rights agenda here:  
Yesterday at  Forum, I shared my big idea that I've been pushing for since 2013: A national paid family leave plan. It's not just a "women's issue"—it's an economic issue and a justice issue. And it's past time to get this done. 
Happy Pride Month! To celebrate, here’s 10% off all of our Pride merch in the Gillibrand 2020 shop. Just use the code PRIDE at checkout:  
  unveils her one Big Idea that will change people’s lives for the better at our  Forum: Nationwide Fami…
One of my favorite parts of the Family Bill of Rights is ensuring that every family gets a baby bundle to help care for their newborn. We should be setting families and children up to thrive—and that means making sure they have everything they need from day one. 
The first debate is coming fast, but we're still short of the 65,000 donors we need. Help guarantee my spot on the debate stage by sending a donation tonight—even $1 helps! 
 BREAKING: I got the chance to work with team to expand on her LGBTQ rights agenda just in time for Pride mo…
 Thank you for linking the issues of maternal mortality and racial inequity. 
 Thank you for your  leadership, You've led the pack on this for years -- and now nearly the whole fie…
  recognizing the difficult decision some Central American parents are forced to make in sending their kids north…
 This is a big moment! When  1st started in 2006, hardly anyone was talking about the need for paid family/…
 “We need  for everyone. It’s a women’s issue and so much more, seniors, men, everyone”  with
 Gillibrand: "We know it works." How? California already has paid family leave.Asked why it's viewed as a women's issue,…
 Paid family leave is a womens issue and a families issue and an economic justice issue and an intimate partner violence iss…
I’m at  Forum to talk about something I’ve been fighting for my entire career in public service: National Paid Leave. Tune in now to join us live! 
 Gillibrand making her pitch to women ever more explicit: “I am the leading presidential candidate on women’s rights to…
 "We are here because we know that when we join together and fight for our values, brave wins." - 
The same politicians who are stripping women's reproductive and human rights in the name of "life" will profess that nothing can be done about twelve people gunned down in broad daylight. This is an epidemic and it needs to end.
  celebrated Pride month by unveiling a sweeping LGBTQ+ agenda, including support for the Equality Act and a…
The 1969 Stonewall Riots sparked 50 years of activism and hard-won progress for LGBTQ rights.This Pride Month, let's celebrate how far we’ve come, and keep marching forward: 
To every LGBTQ American celebrating how far we've come, and bravely fighting to keep marching forward: Happy Pride Month. Whoever you are and whoever you love, you are perfect. 
LGBTQ Americans deserve a president who will always protect their civil rights. Today, I’m sharing my LGBTQ rights agenda to combat discrimination and ensure that every LGBTQ person can live freely and safely in America: 
I'm heartbroken and furious for the Virginia Beach community, particularly the loved ones of the 11 people murdered today.We can’t keep doing this. 
Your administration has:❌Demonized transgender service members❌Allowed discrimination against LGBTQ kids, parents, and homeless people❌Cozied up to anti-LGBTQ foreign leadersLGBTQ Americans deserve a champion. All they have in you is a cowardly, bigoted bully. 
I see the pain of families who desperately want to raise a child but are denied adoption because of their sexual orientation, or they lack access to fertility treatments because they can't afford them. And it's not right. That's why I have a plan to change it. 
Good. 
Dr. George Tiller’s murder is a painful reminder of how much abortion providers put on the line to trust women and ensure patients have access to the safe, compassionate health care they need. We need to protect them — not defund, silence, criminalize, or endanger them. 
I'm grateful to these brave Iowa women for sharing their stories and reminding us what's at stake with Roe on the line. Criminalizing abortion doesn't end abortion; it just makes the people seeking it less safe. We cannot and will not go back. 
  will attend   Forum to discuss one bold ; progressive idea that will impact American lives. S…
When I was a little girl, I watched my grandmother volunteer for campaigns, organize her community, and make a difference—no matter how many molds she had to break to do it. She showed me I could do anything.I want every little girl to know she can do anything, too. 
Yes, running for president is a lot of work. But that doesn't mean it can't also be a lot of fun. 
 With so many strong candidates out there we need to make sure we hear from all of them in the debates.  Would you donate…
Regardless of your personal beliefs, no politician—Republican or Democrat—has the right to control women’s bodies or involve themselves in women’s health care decisions. Governor John Bel Edwards is turning his back on Louisiana women by signing this shameful bill. 
New Hampshire State Representative bravery and refusal to accept the status quo inspires me. I’m so proud to have her endorsement, and to have her on our grassroots-powered team in New Hampshire. 
My fifth trip to Iowa—Henry's first! We got to hear from families all over the state about what their communities need most, like affordable child care and health care.One thing's for sure: We had a blast and can't wait to come back. 
Rep. Ford, your support means so much to me. Thank you for your endorsement. I look forward to seeing you in New Hampshire soon! 
The DNC could CUT candidates from the stage if they don’t have 65,000 donors. We haven’t hit that goal yet, and the debates are less than 30 days away. So take a second to answer this important question: Do you want to see Kirsten Gillibrand on the debate stage in June?
The DNC could CUT candidates from the stage if they don’t have 65,000 donors. We haven’t hit that goal yet, and the debates are less than 30 days away. So take a second to answer this important question: Do you want to see Kirsten Gillibrand on the debate stage in June?
The DNC could CUT candidates from the stage if they don’t have 65,000 donors. We haven’t hit that goal yet, and the debates are less than 30 days away. So take a second to answer this important question: Do you want to see Kirsten Gillibrand on the debate stage in June?
Brave is using your platform to tell your abortion story. It's not easy by any stretch, but did it—because she knows how powerful it can be.Busy, thank you for being an amazing advocate for women's voices and rights. It was such a pleasure to meet with you today. 
Do you want to see Kirsten Gillibrand on the Democratic debate stage in June?
Do you want to see Kirsten Gillibrand on the Democratic debate stage in June?
Do you want to see Kirsten Gillibrand on the Democratic debate stage in June?
Do you want to see Kirsten Gillibrand on the Democratic debate stage in June?
If we can't guarantee the right to a healthy and safe pregnancy, we can't say we value women.I do. So I'm making it a priority. 
They said we were "overreacting" to right-wing extremists being appointed to the courts.I beg to differ. The threat to Roe v. Wade is real, with Louisiana joining a growing list of states hoping to overturn it.We have every reason to be infuriated.
 I may not be a superhero, but I am a proud South Carolinian, and I'm ready to fight for a better future for our state an…
Robert Mueller made himself clear: He expects Congress to exercise its constitutional authority to finish what he couldn't.We need to begin impeachment hearings. Add your name if you agree: 
The White House has repeatedly stonewalled Congress' ability to take basic fact-finding steps and make an informed decision. That fact, combined with Mueller's clear message today, tells me that Republicans and Democrats should begin impeachment hearings.
From the beginning, I've called for a proper process in order to secure key testimony and information related to the Mueller investigation, so that Congress can fulfill its responsibility to deliver the truth to the American people.
It's time for Congress to begin impeachment hearings and follow the facts. Robert Mueller clearly expects Congress to exercise its constitutional authority and take steps that he could not. We can't let the president defy basic accountability measures built into our Constitution.
Let's call Senator McConnell's behavior what it is: hypocrisy and abuse of power. Someone who takes our democracy and millions of Americans' lives so lightly has has no business leading the Senate. In 2020, we should relieve him of that leadership. 
There’s a charge you get from spending an evening with a room full of strong women with drive, passion, and smart questions—imagine a government with more of that. Thank you West Hollywood and 
Women and trans people could die because of this. Far-right extremists are doing everything they can to create an America without safe, legal abortion.This is an attack on our human rights, and we either fight like hell or we lose them.I say we fight.
  weighs in on the abortion debate and outlines her plan to get money out of politics. 
This president is taking us backwards, and future generations will have to pay for the reckless decisions of a conspiracy theorist.  
It's definitely one of the perks. 
 A very special message from before she kicks off her Wing tour at The Wing West Hollywood tonight! We are so t…
From Pittsburgh, PA to Jamestown, NY, UPMC workers are demanding better from their employer—a $20 billion global health enterprise that pays its CEO over $8 million a year, but won't give their workers decent health care.They deserve better, and I stand with them.  
Leaving an entire state—and 1 million people—without a single abortion provider is the definition of an "undue burden" on access. That makes it unconstitutional.This is an attack on Missourians' civil rights, and it cannot be allowed to stand. 
The first three years of a child’s life are the most crucial for cognitive development, directly informing educational success as they grow up. Every child deserves the same resources and opportunities to learn, grow, and reach their potential. 
My years-long fight for national paid leave has been driven by one core belief: You should never have to choose between caring for your family and providing for your family.  
As part of the Family Bill of Rights, I'll launch a new program to provide “baby bundles” to all new parents. It's inspired by a Finnish program that makes bringing home a new child more affordable, and which has dramatically reduced infant mortality.  
I met lots of bold and brave girls this weekend in Iowa. I told each of them that they’d make a great president someday.Thanks for another wonderful weekend, Iowa. See you next week! 
Today, we remember and honor the women and men in uniform who gave their lives to protect our country. We owe them—and our Gold Star families—a debt of gratitude we can never repay.
Real quick: The first debate is one month from today. We've qualified by polling, but with more than 20 candidates in the race, I could get cut from the stage if we don't have 65,000 donors. If you can, chip in $1 to help secure my spot: 
The Trump administration evidently needs a reminder of what "family values" really are. Here's one of mine: If a family is ready and willing to bring a child into a loving home, no barrier — whether it’s cost or discrimination — should stand in their way.  
 What a priceless privilege to have my good friend, and Democratic Presidential Candidate with me for Worship t…
Mothers are dying across the U.S. from pregnancy-related complications, in 2019. This is not acceptable.The Family Bill of Rights will combat maternal mortality, tackle racism in our health care system, and expand access to maternal care.  
Great to see you again Thanks for showing us around Cedar Falls and so many woman-owned businesses downtown. I definitely prefer shopping to arm-wrestling. 
I can't get enough of how seriously Iowans take their responsibility as the first in the nation caucuses. They're engaged, passionate about issues, and always show up with great questions—even on Memorial Day Weekend! Join us in Waterloo ⬇️ 
My Family Bill of Rights includes the right to give birth or adopt without discrimination or cost barriers. Bigotry like this is exactly why we need to guarantee that right. 
Met some bold and brave Iowans in Mason City! Violet may have a bright presidential future ahead of her. 
Lack of access to early education is a problem in many rural parts of the country. Our panel here in Iowa Falls discussed how the Family Bill of Rights would impact families in these communities, especially when it comes to ensuring affordable child care and universal pre-K. 
They have no agenda but hate. No "accomplishments" but hurting people. No motivation but cruelty. Disgusting, outrageous, and pathetic. 
One of the panelists at our Family Bill of Rights roundtable in West Des Moines showed me one of her recent medical bills.$603. For a strep test. This is absurd.Families are being crushed by everyday costs, and they need a real economic policy plan to provide relief. 
 Thanks for including us, and thanks to for tackling support for families comprehensively. All people deserve th…
There's no reason a corporation making over $6 billion in profits can’t pay their workers at least $15 an hour. McDonald’s workers deserve a living wage, the right to unionize, and protection from sexual harassment. I stand in solidarity with the workers on strike.  
Amazing day in Ft. Dodge, ending it with my new friend Harper. 
Friday night in Ft. Dodge! Join us at 
  (D-NY) is running for president. We sat down with her to talk about how she'd approach everything from reprod…
The Family Bill of Rights was built from the stories, concerns, and needs of families all across the country. Hearing from Iowans at our roundtable today makes me even more excited about how much good this transformative economic policy could do. 
Sat down for a conversation and a glass of wine with and we talked about everything from gun safety to abortion rights to climate change. Watch the full interview here:  
Women can't afford for us to take half-measures in response to an all-out onslaught on their rights. We have to fight back like our lives depend on it. They do. 
Had a great conversation with Morning Edition about abortion rights, climate change, and disruptive ideas to make bold change—listen to some of the highlights here. 🎙 
Hi all, Connie Britton here, and I need to ask you a favor. If you are willing and able, can you donate to my friend Kirsten Gillibrand right now—$1, $5, whatever you can do—to help guarantee her spot on the Democratic debate stage?
Today, the New Hampshire legislature voted to approve an Independent Redistricting Commission—a critical move to protect the integrity of our elections and ensure EVERY vote counts.State and local elections matter. Your voice matters. 
 National attention is turning to issues that have been central to Kirsten Gillibrand's public service."I will [guarantee] that n…
 "[I]f [Trump] wants a war with women on our reproductive freedom, it's a he's going to have, and it's a war he's going to lose."…
  in an op-ed to the Dallas Morning News: "It is unacceptable that a corporation that makes more than $6 bi…
There is no dignity in underpaying workers or exposing them to unchecked sexual harassment in their workplace.To the McDonald's workers and all Americans who work day in and day out to provide a better life for their families: I stand with you. 
The politicians interfering in patients' access to abortion would never accept us getting between them and their health care. We won't allow them into our exam rooms either.Now more than ever, we need to pass the Women's Health Protection Act. 
 Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand spoke with NPR's about abortion, women's rights and national public service.List…
Determining whether children have a fair shot in life isn't a "women's issue." That's why it's the core of my economic policy agenda. 
This president is more ruthless toward transgender Americans than he is to any actual adversary. His agenda is nothing but hate and hurt toward the most marginalized among us. What a disgrace. 
Families and kids face huge disparities in opportunity depending on their income and zip code, and the gap is wider for families of color. It isn’t fair or acceptable.  We need to level the playing field in the first, critical years of a child’s life. 
I believe these two things:1. We should make it easier to raise a family in America.2. Fighting for families should be the number one concern of the president of the United States. 
Carlos Hernandez Vásquez.Jakelin Caal Maquin.Felipe Gómez Alonzo. Juan de León Gutiérrez. And two more children who died after crossing our border.Six children. Some in our government’s hands. We can’t let them be forgotten, and we can’t accept this atrocity. 
It takes bravery to come out of the closet. It takes even more to throw open the doors and lead the way for thousands to come behind you. On  let's honor his visionary leadership by building a world where everybody can live authentically, freely, and equally.
I meet people every day on the campaign trail who tell me their number one concern is how to make ends meet for their family and give their children the best future they can.My Family Bill of Rights will make it easier for families and kids to succeed. 
 Gillibrand's sweeping new agenda on childcare/pre-K/paid leave is the first 2020 proposal that tackles the challenges of new…
Issues like paid leave, child care, and infant care have long been considered "women's issues," which is code for "not as important."1. What's more important than strengthening families?2. Women are half of this country.3. Men are parents too!
The resources available at the start of a child’s life have a crucial impact on their future — but not every child starts on equal footing. The Family Bill of Rights will help change that.Add your name to support my plan to lift up families: 
  and I talk about the power of the public purse in our latest blog on Buy Clean—an actionable, im…
The Family Bill of Rights guarantees the rights to:✓ A safe and healthy pregnancy✓ Give birth or adopt a child✓ A safe and affordable nursery✓ Paid leave✓ Affordable child care and pre-KThese are economic issues, and I'll prioritize them.  
 As rural Iowans face a shortage of gynecologists and healthcare providers, Kirsten Gillibrand aims to solve the problem. htt…
 A federal "Buy Clean" law would be a popular and effective way to reduce emissions and strengthen unions.
My Family Bill of Rights will make all families stronger, no matter who they are or what their ZIP code is. Because every child deserves the chance to succeed. 
 is proposing a Family Bill of Rights:- Right to healthy pregnancy and delivery- Right to give birth or ad…
Today I'm announcing my Family Bill of Rights: a new economic policy platform that will lift many of the financial burdens on families and help level the playing field for children. 
I'm running for president because I will fight for everyone’s families like I fight for my own. That's why I'm proposing a new economic policy platform to lift up families and kids for my first 100 days in office: the Family Bill of Rights. 
Pride Month is around the corner! 🌈 Shop the new Brave and Proud collection—get your Pride gear and help power our fight for LGBTQ rights: 
We deserve basic human rights. We deserve autonomy. We deserve to make decisions about our own lives and families. That's what this fight is about, and we'll never back down from it.  
No corporate PACs. No federal lobbyists. No fossil fuel executives. No individual super PAC. Just you.Donate $1 right now to help guarantee Kirsten is on the debate stage.
The DNC’s debate qualification rules put my chances of guaranteeing my spot in jeopardy. If you want to guarantee that a voice for women's rights is on the debate stage, I need your help to hit the 65,000-donor goal. Chip in today!
Like I told Trevor Noah on I’m not taking money from corporate PACs, I’m not taking money from fossil fuel executives and I don’t have an individual super PAC. So I need YOU to help guarantee my spot on the Democratic debate stage.Will you donate $1 right now?
Hate crimes are rising in America, and trans women of color are being killed at disproportionately high rates. Dana Martin, Ashanti Carmon, Claire Legato, Muhlaysia Booker, and Michelle Washington—all murdered in 2019. This is a crisis. 
 "Our democracy only works when the people of this country stand up and demand it. Do not allow this moment to pass without put…
 “They are criminalizing our healthcare. They are criminalizing our doctors. They are criminalizing the most intimate decisions t…
Something's broken in a democracy when a few wealthy individuals have more power than everyone else. If we want to get anything done in Washington, we have to take money out of politics. My Clean Elections Plan is how we'll do it. 
Today we raise our voices and say loud and clear, to every politician who attacks our basic rights:  The women of this country should not be underestimated. We're going to fight like our lives depend on it—because they do. 
Women are on fire. They've been marching, speaking out, and running for office in record numbers since Trump took office. And they deserve a president who respects their basic civil rights. 
Pride is a celebration of the bravery it takes to be who you are. Get your brand-new Pride gear from the Gillibrand 2020 shop and show the world you're brave and proud:  
I’ve fought for women and families my whole career. But the DNC’s rules to qualify for the debates have put my spot in jeopardy. If you want a voice for women’s rights guaranteed to be on the debate stage, I need your help to hit the 65,000-donor goal. Chip in today.
 TONIGHT: 2020 presidential candidate is here!📸: 
🤗 Watch tonight at 11 pm ET!Photo: 
I had to get it off my chest. 
The president is waging a war on America's women. And he will lose. 
Democracy doesn’t mean “for some of us.” It’s time for Washington, DC to have statehood and equal representation in Congress, and we should only need a simple majority to make it happen. 
The LGBTQ community deserves more in a president than a bigoted coward who spews hate every chance he gets. You deserve a president who will stand up not only to that bigotry, but also to the special interests that prevent us from making progress on civil rights. 
 our big news from the weekend is that will be visiting us at ✨3✨ Wing locations! we are committed to the civic…
There's a reason I went to Georgia to speak out against these horrific abortion bans, and there's a reason I made a plan to protect reproductive rights before that: This has always been a priority to me. And it will be one as president, too. 
To every person experiencing a pregnancy you can’t or don’t want to carry: Only you know the best decision for you. You owe nobody an explanation—especially not politicians.Abortion is still a constitutional right, and we’ll make sure it stays that way. 
The right to abortion is the fundamental human right to make decisions about your own body, no exceptions, no matter what. Any leader who doesn't support and defend that principle—whatever their personal beliefs—is undermining women's civil rights, and I don't accept that. 
What we're seeing from the president and in states across the country is an assault on reproductive rights. But we saw in Georgia exactly how we're going to win this fight: Side by side, lifting each other up. We know what's at stake, and we won't lose.  
It's sure been a week—but we're not backing down. Get your brand-new shirt and let's keep fighting:  
Bravery isn't always easy. Bravery is making a choice to do things differently—even when people tell you it can't be done, simply because it never has been. It's on us to decide we're up to the challenge of doing it anyway. 
 TODAY: we interview 2020 Democratic presidential candidate On TV, the radio, and streaming online, don…
I went to Georgia to stand with advocates, doctors, patients, and legislators against these horrific abortion bans. They have all different stories, but one big thing in common: They're brave. No matter how tough the fight. 
"If anyone thinks that access to safe and legal abortion will not be front and center on the ballot next fall, they just aren't paying attention.” 
Our service members' bravery and commitment to keeping our country safe inspires me every day. On  let's give them more than our gratitude—let's support them, keep them safe from sexual assault, and reject discrimination against anyone who serves our country.
I’m proud to stand with these women—and advocates and patients across the country—as we fight to defend reproductive freedom. We need you to join us in helping protect abortion access, and then we need you to vote like our rights depend on it. Because they do. 
 Please join and me in supporting organizations that protect the ri…
My favorite part of the campaign trail is exchanging our stories. I meet people who share so much of their lives, concerns, and dreams, and I get to listen and share my ideas in return. That’s the lifeblood of this campaign: our connection to each other. 
The fact that it's still legal in most states to discriminate against LGBTQ Americans, in 2019, is sickening.The House did the right thing today by passing the  and rejecting bigotry. The Senate should do the same. 
  (D-NY) told us what she thinks about the Alabama abortion ban, and how she'd protect reproductive rights as p…
The contempt for women is contagious. But hear this: If it's a fight with American women that the Republican Party wants, it's a fight they'll have. And it's a fight they'll lose. 
Yesterday, I announced my plan to guarantee access to safe and legal abortion, nationwide. As president, I’ll codify Roe v. Wade, repeal Hyde, prevent insurance bans, create a funding stream to protect health centers, and block state restrictions.  
 ‘Let love, acceptance, equality win the day.’ — Here’s what happened when 2020 candidate  and drag queen
 A picture is worth a thousand words. Thank you to for standing with us today. 
Our rights are nonnegotiable, and we will fight for them—together. 
As long as this fundamental injustice persists, we're failing too many children in our country. We must give all public schools and students the resources they need, and detach school funding from property taxes. A child’s success shouldn’t depend on which block they grew up on.
Brown v. Board of Education declared segregated schools unconstitutional 65 years ago today, but institutional racism still plagues our education system. Our public schools—and opportunities through education—are still divided along racial lines. 
  pledges as a presidential candidate to  AND to stop political interference in the private…
 💯 :"We need to call this what it is: An all-out assault on women’s constitutional rights, by ideological extremists who have no…
Proud to call you my friend, 
This is important: Abortion bans like the ones passed in Alabama and Georgia are expressly designed to overturn Roe v. Wade.We know what happened before Roe: Women died. We can't go back.  
  has one message for and We know this is all a political game you’re playing with…
 If our lawmakers were “pro-life,” they would expand Medicaid, so that black women in Georgia will stop dying at a rate d…
Today in Georgia, I vowed that as president, I will guarantee access to safe and legal abortion, no matter where you live.We will:✓Repeal Hyde✓Prevent insurance bans on abortion coverage✓Protect health center funding✓Block state restrictions 
Right now, the conversation about what women can do with our bodies is being driven by too many male politicians. It should be led by the actual experts: women ; doctors. Help make sure I can talk about my plan to protect reproductive rights on the debate stage—donate $1 today:
Alabama just passed a near-total abortion ban.No exceptions for rape or incest.Doctors could face 99 years in prison for providing abortions.This is a war on women, and it’s time to fight like hell. Will you chip in to help guarantee my spot on the debate stage?
Alabama just passed a near-total abortion ban.No exceptions for rape or incest.Doctors could face 99 years in prison for providing abortions.This is a war on women, and it’s time to fight like hell. Will you chip in to help guarantee my spot on the debate stage?
Right now, the conversation about what women can do with our bodies is being driven by too many male politicians. It should be led by the actual experts: women ; doctors. Help make sure I can talk about my plan to protect reproductive rights on the debate stage—donate $1 today:
Alabama just passed a near-total abortion ban.No exceptions for rape or incest.Doctors could face 99 years in prison for providing abortions.This is a war on women, and it’s time to fight like hell. Will you chip in to help guarantee my spot on the debate stage?
Right now, the conversation about what women can do with our bodies is being driven by too many male politicians. It should be led by the actual experts: women ; doctors. Help make sure I can talk about my plan to protect reproductive rights on the debate stage—donate $1 today:
"The Republicans in office will feel the voting power of women." —Georgia State Representative Sandra Scott 
 Today I had the pleasure of moderating a discussion about the nation's  with Presidential hopeful Senator…
 I am proud to stand here with these leaders, fighting for all of our reproductive and human rights - 
I'm here in Georgia because in the wake of the most extreme abortion bans we’ve seen since Roe v. Wade, I wanted to hear from those who will be most directly affected by these horrifying attacks on women’s human rights. Tune in live: 
 We are filling up ALL the spaces where conversations on abortion care and reproductive justice are happening. Glad to be part one…
 Getting ready for our roundtable conversation with 
Shout it from the rooftops: Reproductive rights are human rights, and we'll never stop fighting for them. 
There's no question that anti-abortion politicians have been emboldened by President Trump's Supreme Court appointments. But women have been marching, voting, and rising up for years, and we're not backing down.If the president wants a fight with women, he's got it. 
Women have been fighting this same fight for our human rights for decades. I know it can be exhausting. But we cannot give up. Not then, not now, not ever.We stand on the shoulders of those who fought before us. We can win if we join together. Now’s our time to fight. 
Women are half of this country, and they deserve a hell of a lot better than this. 
 “I value women in America. I think they’re smart enough and capable enough to make decisions about their own bodies and hea…
Iowa Republicans are hell-bent on defunding Planned Parenthood's vital health care programs, and have shown they'll stoop to any level to do so. Punishing health care providers as part of an extreme political agenda hurts Iowans. I stand with and always. 
Alabama just passed a near-total abortion ban.No exceptions for rape or incest. Doctors could face 99 years in prison for providing abortions.This is a war on women, and it’s time to fight like hell.Add your name to say you’re committed to fighting for reproductive rights:
Right now, the conversation about what women can do with our own bodies is being driven by too many male politicians. It should be led by the actual experts: women and doctors. Can you add your name to say you’re committed to fighting for reproductive rights?
I’ll be in Atlanta this week because the onslaught of abortion bans—in Georgia last week and as recently as in Alabama’s legislature last night—represents the greatest threat to reproductive freedom in our lifetimes. We need to fight back, hard, on the frontlines.
This is not a hypothetical threat: The onslaught of state abortion bans represents the greatest threat to reproductive freedom in our lifetimes. We need to fight back, hard, on the frontlines. Add your name to say you’re committed to fighting for reproductive rights:
Alabama just passed a near-total abortion ban.No exceptions for rape or incest.Doctors could face 99 years in prison for providing abortions.This is a war on women, and it's time to fight like hell. Add your name to say you’re committed to fighting for reproductive rights:
Alabama just passed a near-total abortion ban. No exceptions for rape or incest. Doctors could face 99 years in prison for providing abortions. This is a war on women, and it is time to fight like hell. Add your name to say you’re committed to fighting for reproductive rights:
We're facing an existential threat to the human rights of women, and the organizations on the frontlines of this fight need our support now more than ever. Chip in here to help and protect abortion access: 
I'm so proud of the funny, kind, considerate young man you're growing up to be. Happy birthday, Henry! 
This is exactly why I made a promise to only appoint judges and justices who will commit to upholding Roe v. Wade. This isn't a matter of "what if" anymore; our rights are under attack, and our response is either head-on or it's not enough.I'm ready to fight. 
President Trump's Supreme Court nominees said they respected precedent.I don't believe them. It's the Republican Party's goal to overturn Roe v. Wade, and they've shown they'll stop at nothing to do it.Now it's on us to stop at nothing to fight back. 
We're facing an all-out assault on women’s constitutional rights, explicitly aimed at overturning Roe v. Wade. We need to loudly proclaim that reproductive rights are nonnegotiable, and join together to defend them at every level—in Washington, in the courts, and in the states.
Right now, the conversation about what women can do with our own bodies is being driven by too many male politicians. It should be led by the actual experts: women and doctors. So I'm going to hear from the people most directly affected by abortion bans like Georgia's.
I'm heading to Georgia tomorrow. The onslaught of abortion bans passing in states—as recently as in Alabama’s legislature last night—represents the greatest threat to reproductive freedom in our lifetimes. We need to fight back, hard, on the frontlines. 
Alabama just passed a near-total ban on abortion.No exceptions for rape or incest.Doctors could face 99 years in prison for providing abortions.This is a war on women, and it is time to fight like hell. 
Alabama. Georgia. Mississippi. Kentucky. Ohio. The assault on on reproductive rights is happening across the country, and we have to step up our fight to stop them. Together.We need to focus our attention and our efforts where the attacks start: in the states. Stay tuned.
For politicians who claim to care so much about humanity, they don’t have much of it. 
Roe v. Wade is at greater risk right now than it has ever been. If Democrats are truly the party that protects reproductive health care and women's humanity, we have to fight back hard, on every front. We cannot turn back the clock. 
Alabama will likely pass a near-total abortion ban today, joining Mississippi and Georgia. Louisiana is next. If this feels like a ruthless, coordinated assault on reproductive rights, that's because it is.State elections matter. 
Unita Blackwell dedicated her life to registering black voters across Mississippi and went to jail for it at least 70 times. She went on to make history as the first black woman mayor in the state.Talk about brave. May she rest in peace and power.
Making change requires being brave enough to break the mold. In light of graduation season, my wish for all the new graduates across this country is that each of you does just that: Use your voice. Break the mold. Choose brave. We'll all be better for it. 
In one of the wealthiest countries in the world, the guarantee of clean water for every family should not be a radical concept. With a Green New Deal and a president who cares about people more than lining polluters' pockets, we can make it happen. 
Take sexual assault cases out of the military chain of command. 
We need to combat maternal mortality and the racial health care disparities that are killing black moms at higher rates than anyone else. Valuing and loving mothers should not come with an asterisk. 
To the mothers who have yet to be reunited with their children after being separated at the border, mothers whose children were taken by gun violence or illness, mothers who’ve lost a child or children who’ve lost their mothers:I’m holding you in my heart—today and always.
A Mother's Day reminder: Paid leave isn't a women's issue, a moms' issue, or even just a parents' issue. Everyone deserves to be able to take time to care for a family member or medical issue. 
I’m thankful every day to have my mom, and to be one. To all of the strong and loving moms and mother figures: Happy Mother’s Day! 
Our farmers, rural businesses, and working families shouldn't have to pay the price for President Trump's continued chaos in trade negotiations. China needs to be held accountable for greedy trade practices, but Americans deserve a strategy—not a tantrum. 
Another awesome weekend in New Hampshire in the books. See you soon! 
Don’t be afraid to break the mold if it needs to be broken.Congratulations, class of 2019! 
Choose to be brave as you find your voice, and use it often and loudly. When others try to stifle it, raise it that much louder. 
To all of this year's college graduates: No matter how uncertain you feel about the path ahead of you, you are valuable. Your voice is important. And your bravery can make a difference.Watch my commencement address to the Class of 2019: 
What is happening in Georgia and Alabama should be a wake-up call on reproductive rights for the entire country. Extreme politicians are putting women's lives in danger. If we aren't taking serious steps to fight back, we're not paying enough attention. 
Thanks, Hampton, for bringing all your thoughtful questions—and adorable future voters. 
 Thank you for your commitment to gun safety and common sense legalization 
Donald Trump said women should be punished for accessing abortion, and he’s made good on that promise by:❌Moving to gut Title X funding ❌Putting Brett Kavanaugh on  anti-choice propagandaHelp defeat him ; protect reproductive rights—chip in to my campaign:
Reproductive rights are human rights, and they are nonnegotiable. I'm proud to be the only candidate so far to release a detailed reproductive rights agenda. Help make sure I can talk about my plan on the debate stage—donate $1 today to help me reach the DNC’s 65,000-donor goal:
Anti-abortion legislation like what passed in Georgia this week is all the more dangerous because Donald Trump put Brett Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court. That’s why I pledged to only nominate justices who will protect  Donate to help make sure I'm on the debate stage:
Abortion rights are under attack in this country. We need to make sure the issue is talked about at the  and I’m the only candidate who’s released a plan to address this crisis. Donate today—even $1—to help guarantee my spot on the debate stage:
Talking about what's at stake in this election at Tilton Brothers Brewing in Hampton, NH—join us! 
Goffstown came ready with some great questions about reproductive rights, gun violence, student debt and so much more. Thanks for having me! (Bonus: I found a great Mother’s Day gift for my mom!) 
I just got to take a tour of and learn about their products and their student training program. These students are getting on-the-job experience, and I’m so excited to watch their program grow. Thanks for having me! 
Kicking off another great weekend in New Hampshire! I'm talking to voters and answering questions about important issues in Goffstown—tune in live:  
I think elected officials could learn a lot from drag queens. It takes real courage to be unapologetically yourself, to go against the grain, and to fight for what's right. To me, that's the definition of brave. 
Valuing working Americans means supporting the unions that make our communities strong. It was a pleasure meeting with leaders from while I was in Nevada this week, and I'm looking forward to many more conversations on how we can keep fighting for working families. 
This isn’t a game, or a hypothetical threat. It’s why I’m drawing a line in the sand on our judiciary—our next president has to. 
Insurance companies denied coverage to Karl and Wendy when they needed it most. Their story proves that when we let private insurance companies call the shots, the results are inhumane. We must expand access through Medicare For All—not make devastating cuts to coverage. 
No one should ever have to make the impossible choice between a paycheck and caring for a loved one. SB 1 would have brought thousands of New Hampshire families paid leave—what every family deserves. Governor Sununu's veto is a disgrace. 
Reproductive rights are civil rights, and the next president needs to fight for them. Help guarantee my spot in the debates so this issue is put center stage—where it belongs: 
 History was made when and I sat down together to discuss issues relating to lgbtq people! Thanks
Women should be trusted to make their own medical decisions, including abortion, without interference from politicians. Full stop. 
I’m in, 
What's happening in Georgia, Alabama, and state legislatures across the country is nothing less than a coordinated assault on women's reproductive rights, and we can't afford not to take the threat seriously. Women's lives are on the line. 
Can't wait to be back in New Hampshire this weekend! Check out our events and RSVP at  Hope you can join us! 
Riley Howell at UNC-Charlotte last week, Kendrick Castillo at STEM School Highlands Ranch this week. Neither should have had to be a hero. They should still be here.This has to stop.
As president, I won't just continue to defend women's civil rights from political attacks — I'll make guaranteeing those rights a priority. Women are half of this country, and they deserve nothing less. 
 Thank you, for committing to fight for Roe v. Wade. Future Democratic presidents simply cannot leave t…
It takes real bravery to change a conversation. Thank you, for speaking out about a universal truth: Women and doctors, not politicians, know what is best for their own health and lives.  
Yesterday I announced that I will only nominate judges  who will protect Roe v. Wade—but defending our courts is only one front in the fight for reproductive rights. The next president needs to prioritize, champion, and expand them. Here are my priorities: 
 Every Democratic candidate rails against Citizens United. Kirsten Gillibrand actually has a plan. 
I’m the first 2020 candidate who has pledged to ONLY nominate judges who will commit to upholding Roe v. Wade as settled law. Will you chip in $1 to ensure a strong voice for reproductive freedom is on the Democratic debate stage?
It's clear that a lack of respect for our Constitution is contagious in the Trump White House. We shouldn't have to ask our president or any of his lackeys to stop hiding the truth from the American people, but here we are. Congress needs the full Mueller report, now.
The decision about if and when to start a family should be made by a woman and her doctor. That’s why I’ve pledged that as president, I will ONLY nominate judges—including Supreme Court justices—who will commit to upholding Roe v. Wade. If you agree, I need you to chip in $1.
A note to the Republican politicians trying to return to a time when women had no say about what happened to our bodies or lives: We aren’t going back. 
 “We have all it takes to compete. If taxpayer money is being spent, it should be used to support good American jobs.”…
When three in five pregnancy-related deaths could be prevented, but aren't, you have to ask: Are we a country that cares about women?These deaths—disproportionately women of color—are unacceptable in 2019. We have to end our maternal mortality crisis. 
Another school shooting. Another life cut far too short. Another family and community changed. Forever. How many more will it take?I’m holding Highlands Ranch in my heart tonight. This can’t go on.  
Oh. 
Maple Gillibrand knows how important it is to guarantee Kirsten's spot on the debate stage. Do you? Get your $1 donation in—give today! 
Maple Gillibrand knows how important it is to guarantee Kirsten's spot on the presidential debate stage. Do you? Get your $1 donation in—give today!
Kirsten needs everyone to pitch in and help get her to the 65,000-donor threshold to guarantee her spot on the presidential debate stage. Even the Gillibrand family dog Maple is pitching in! Will you give a dollar to guarantee Kirsten's voice heard?
If we want to fix what's broken in our democracy, our elections need a major cleanup. Sure, my plan is ambitious. But that's what it's going to take to restore power to where it belongs: in the hands of the people. 
 Senator Gillibrand's commitment is a smart and necessary response to the many assaults on Roe that are well underway i…
It’s been a year since the Trump administration began ripping babies from parents and throwing children in cages at the border. Many families are still separated. We won't rest  and the people behind this cruelty are held accountable. 
We're facing an unprecedented Republican assault on abortion access in states across the country. The judiciary is one of the most crucial lines of defense, and the next president needs to make sure judges will uphold—not undermine—women's constitutional rights. I will. 
From Kavanaugh to state abortion bans—including the one signed today in Georgia—Republicans are waging a coordinated assault to overturn Roe v. Wade. We need a president who understands the real stakes of this fight, and who's willing to draw a line. 
Teachers deserve our endless thanks on  and every day. And you know what else they deserve? To be paid as though they hold our kids' futures in their hands—because they do.
Women deserve a president who will fiercely defend their rights, without hesitation. If you agree, sign on and support my pledge to only nominate judges who will uphold Roe v. Wade and protect reproductive rights:
Women deserve a president who will fiercely defend their rights, without hesitation. If you agree, sign on and support my pledge to only nominate judges who will uphold Roe v. Wade and protect reproductive rights: 
I believe that reproductive rights are human rights, and they are nonnegotiable. So in the face of relentless attacks, I pledge that I will only nominate judges — including Supreme Court justices — who will commit to upholding Roe v. Wade. Here's why: 
Bonus: I got my first two official endorsements in NV 😉 
It was such a pleasure to meet with and other community leaders for our immigration roundtable! Thank you for sharing your stories with me and for asking such thoughtful questions. 
We need to do more than stop President Trump's immoral abuse of immigrants at our border—we need to fix our broken immigration system and create a real path to citizenship. Tune in to watch our roundtable with and community leaders in Las Vegas: 
What are you afraid of the American public finding out about you, 
 On paid sick leave, says it is critical and is leading the charge on national paid leave plan. Workers should…
 Today, is talking with members of about low wages and support for raising the minimum wage to $15. htt…
It's going to take a bold, ambitious plan to fix our democracy. Luckily, I have one. 
We have a president who can't imagine what it's like to be denied basic rights—but he'd deny them to LGBTQ people and so many others. We deserve better. We deserve equality. And it's going to take all of us raising our voices to win this fight. 
I had a blast with Lillian and Kendall on My episode goes live today, check it out! 
Nurses deserve more than just our appreciation for the love, expertise, and long hours they put into their work—they deserve pay that reflects it. Happy  to the amazing nurses across the country. Thank you for taking care of all of us.
Great to be with and to discuss how we'll turn Texas blue! 
If you want to know what my presidency would look like, just take a look at this campaign. It's powered by the voices of people, of all ages and backgrounds, who prove every day that  We’re growing fast, and I'd love for you to join our team:  
I'm so moved by your words, and you're right: LGBTQ people deserve to have a president fighting for them in Washington. And we will win this fight. 
As Ramadan begins, may this holy month bring reflection and renewal to all our Muslim brothers and sisters. Ramadan Mubarak!
April showers bring... new t-shirts! Check out our brand new tee designed by the amazing Bethany Robertson  now in the Gillibrand 2020 shop:  
The way our elections are funded now excludes so many voices from the political process. But our government works best when *more* people participate, not just the wealthy. That's why I have a Clean Elections Plan to democratize our democracy. 
Enough is enough. There's no room for excuses. Congress must past the Military Justice Improvement Act. We need to step up and fix a system that is failing the brave men and women that serve to keep our nation safe. 
In 2018, I flipped 18 Trump counties in NY. My 2012 vote share is the highest a statewide candidate has won in NY—ever. So yes, I'm “electable.” But I’m also the right candidate to take on Trump because I have the experience, vision and record to win.
 ICYMI: Read more about Clean Elections plan -- a proposal to get Big Money out of politics and give powe…
We've seen the corrupting force money plays in politics. My Clean Elections Plan will give power back to everyday Americans and ensure our elected officials are actually fighting for the people they represent. 
I’ve voted against President Trump’s cabinet and administration picks (including John Kelly in 2017) more than any other Senator. Why? Because they weren’t fit for the job—just like the president who appointed them.  
Today in Texas, a disability rights activist asked me what I would do to meet standards of inclusion. I've committed to having someone with disabilities in my Cabinet, because I want to get this right. Accessibility and inclusion are issues I'll take on with urgency and care.
Right now, most of the money in our politics comes from a small group of mostly white, mostly older men. My Clean Elections Plan would amplify more voices, like a similar program did in Seattle. When we bring more people to the table, our government works better for all of us. 
I was honored to have at our campaign kickoff. She's a DREAMer, an advocate for immigrants and women, and now she's headed to graduate school. We need more brave leaders like her—if you can, please chip in to support her dreams: 
Representing Iowans means ALL Iowans. Signing this bill and widening health care disparities doesn’t make a leader, it makes her a bully. 
If Kirsten makes this shot, will you donate $1 to guarantee her spot on the debate stage? 
Congratulations,  
If we want working families to thrive, we must take every opportunity to support workers and their right to collectively bargain for better wages and benefits. I'm proud to be an original cosponsor of the Protecting the Right to Organize Act, and I urge Congress to pass it.
Can we have a good time *and* talk about the issues people care about? Absolutely. Thanks for a great event 
This is immoral, un-American, and will hurt millions of women and transgender people. Religious freedom doesn't give anyone the right to deny health care. 
If we want to change the way Washington works—or make it work at all—we have to get big money out of politics. My Clean Elections Plan is designed to do just that by making every American's voice just as powerful as the Koch brothers':  
What she said. 
The gratitude is mutual, 
On this  we must face the reality that not everyone is safe in their house of worship. America is supposed to welcome all people, regardless of faith. My prayer is that we can restore our moral fabric, reject hate, and live up to who we're supposed to be.
We need a president who's brave enough to take on corruption in Washington. Americans have lost faith in our democracy because elected officials are more beholden to big donors and special interests than they are to the people.My Clean Elections Plan would change that. 
There are just under 60 days until the first presidential debates. If you want Kirsten on that stage, we need to add 500 donors by midnight tomorrow to stay on track. Will you chip in $1?
If Kirsten makes this shot, will you donate $1 to guarantee her spot on the debate stage?
With 21(!) declared candidates in this race, the DNC may limit the list of debate participants based on who does and doesn’t have 65,000 individual donors to their campaign. Kirsten needs your help! Will you chip in $1 before midnight to guarantee her spot on the debate stage?
With 21(!) declared candidates in this race, the DNC may limit the list of debate participants based on who does and doesn’t have 65,000 individual donors to their campaign. Kirsten needs your help! Will you chip in $1 before midnight to guarantee her spot on the debate stage?
My Clean Elections Plan would flip our current political system on its head—empowering more women, young people, and people of color to have a say in our government and set our course for a more equal and just future. 
Thirty-eight percent. This is unacceptable, and I’m tired of excuses from the Pentagon. They are failing our service members and have proven they can’t fix this.My bill would. We need the Military Justice Improvement Act now.
I'll go anywhere, any time, to make the case for progressive policies that will make life better for American families. Looking forward to my town hall in Iowa with Chris Wallace. 
With 20(!) declared candidates in this race, the DNC may limit the list of debate participants based on who does and doesn’t have 65,000 individual donors to their campaign. Kirsten needs your help! Will you chip in $1 before midnight to guarantee her spot on the debate stage?
 This new video from shows what it’s like to be a student today.Our children should be experts at divi…
 Read more about 's Clean Elections plan -- a proposal to get Big Money out of politics and give power back…
I've been concerned about AG Barr since his nomination, which is why I voted against it. After yesterday's hearing, there's no question that he's more focused on representing the president than the American people. It's an embarrassment to his office and he should resign. 
By eliminating a current taxpayer subsidy for excessive CEO compensation—25 times the median salary of their employees, or more than $1 million—we'd fully fund my Clean Elections Plan and then some. That's leveling the playing field in more ways than one. 
It's clear the Trump Administration will stop at nothing to take health care away from tens of millions of Americans and end coverage for pre-existing conditions. We have to vote like our lives depend on it—because for many families, they do. 
Labor movements all over the world have given us the hard-fought rights workers have today—and with those rights under attack more than ever, we have to hold that line. This  let's keep up the fight for strong unions and a strong middle class.
We will never accomplish our boldest, most progressive policy ideas if we don't get big money out of politics first. My Clean Elections Plan is a way to get there. Read more about it here: 
Plans like mine will put our elections back in the hands of the people instead of special interests—and in a functioning democracy, shouldn't that be the standard? 
Not only do clean elections make candidates less beholden to big money, but they amplify more voices in the process. Historically political donors have been disproportionately white, male, older and very wealthy. Democracy Dollars will bring more people to the table. 
How can we know if my Clean Elections Plan will work? The answer is, it already has. My plan is modeled in part off of a program in Seattle, which has led to candidates relying less on big money, making them more accountable to their constituents. 
In commemoration of  we honor the millions of lives taken in the Holocaust—and we must recommit to fighting the rising threats of anti-Semitism, bigotry and white supremacy around the globe and here at home. Our silence is not an option.
 I love this new policy from Fixing our broken system isn’t about just getting big money out. It’s about bring…
 This is a bold and innovative proposal from to root out corruption in our system and to make sure that e…
Attorney General Barr needs to resign. Today, he's proven once again that he's more interested in protecting the president than working for the American people. We can't trust him to tell the truth, and these embarrassing displays of propaganda have to stop.
Show me a supposedly “unfixable” problem in Washington, and I’ll show you the political corruption standing in the way. That’s why I rolled out my Clean Elections plan—bold reform to attack the corrupting influence of money at its core. 
Big money in politics has bred a culture where special interests and wealthy megadonors—who are overwhelmingly white, male and older—have all the influence in our elections. My Clean Elections plan amplifies voices that haven’t been heard for too long.  
We can change the way Washington works by leveling the playing field of whose voices are heard in our democracy. It starts with getting big money out of our elections, and I have a plan to do just that. 
Big money has corrupted our politics, allowing wealthy donors' voices to drown out everyone else's. If we want a government that works for all of us, we have to ensure that elected officials in Washington actually represent the people who sent them there. 
If we want to fix what's broken in Washington, we have to start at the root of the problem: money in politics. Today, I'm announcing a bold new Clean Elections plan to combat political corruption and bring more people to the table in our government. 
Again and again and again. We can't accept this as our reality. For  for Parkland, for Santa Fe, and for too many communities who've lived through a day at school turning into a nightmare—we have to fix this. 
The photos coming out of Davenport are heartbreaking. I'm thinking of all the families, first responders and all those impacted along the Mississippi River and across the Heartland who have faced historic flooding this year. Please stay safe and follow officials' instructions. 
New Hampshire takes their responsibility seriously as the  primary. I always love talking with voters there—and future voters like Scout!—because they’re not afraid to get to the heart of the issues that matter most to working families. Good news: neither am I. 
Women make up a majority of Democratic voters, but they have almost never had an equal or majority stake in powering presidential campaigns. We're changing that. 
We need 65,000 individual donors to secure a spot on the debate stage. If you chip in $1, you can help get us there.  
When I meet girls like Scout on the trail, I always take time to tell them they can be leaders too. It turns out Scout runs a lemonade stand to help children at the border. She didn't wait for someone to tell her she could lead—she just did it! 
 🗣Dallas! See you at our Meet ; Greet with this Sunday at 1 PM. You don't want to miss it: 
When women work together, nothing can stand in our way.Join women-powered movement here: 
At the end of the day, this fight is about fixing what’s been broken and restoring decency to our government. I proudly signed the  pledge to have a substantive debate in this primary, and work to defeat President Trump together. Let’s do this! 
 We have some tickets left for my conversation with this Thursday  
I pledged not to use hacked material in my campaign because restoring American faith in the Oval Office is critical to unifying our nation. I hope the other presidential candidates will join me.
The reviews are in: Henry gives Avengers: Endgame a 10/10. (No spoilers!) 
The road ahead of us is long, but it is lined with brave and powerful women fighting for the soul of our country—women like  
Yesterday's house party in Milford, NH was amazing! Even as voters sat silently listening to each other's questions, you could feel the buzzing energy in the room. These voters are fighting tirelessly to protect their families—and you can bet I'm fighting right alongside them. 
 It was an honor to introduce yesterday, a fighter for American families, healthcare for all and quality ed…
The president is a coward, a bully, and someone with over a dozen sexual assault allegations against him. My campaign is rooted in bravery, standing up for the vulnerable, and valuing women. That contrast is what this fight is about—right over wrong. And right will win. 
Something is fundamentally broken in our society when any house of worship is made unsafe by gun violence and hate—again and again and again. I’m keeping Poway and the entire Jewish community in my prayers. More than that, I don’t accept this. We must end this epidemic.
How will I reunite this country as president? The same way I’ve always approached public service—with bravery and compassion. 
At our town hall, a voter asked how I plan to close the wealth gap. Some of the ideas I shared were:• Establishing postal banking• Raising the minimum wage• Passing national paid leave• Full employment through skills training 
 Our wonderful president, Caitlin, introducing 2020 Presidential candidate, excited…
Is there anything more American than talking about the issues that matter most over a good local brew? Thank you for having us, 
Women belong where decisions are made. Agree? Then I’ve got a sticker for you:
It cannot be said enough: Your body, your choice.This is a win for reproductive rights advocates across the country, and an important reminder that we must continue the fight to protect safe, legal abortion.
Excited to be heading back to Nashua, NH today! The people were so warm and welcoming the last time we were in town. Here's a look at what the last trip looked like: 
No parent should have to depend on the compassion and generosity of coworkers to care for a seriously ill child. We need national paid family leave now. 
I proudly endorsed in her primary for Illinois's 3rd congressional district. We need her in Congress, fighting for good jobs, health care, and equal rights for all—including women and LGBT Americans. If you can, chip in to support her: 
It's been five years since the Flint water crisis began, and still, not every family has the guarantee of clean water. has been tirelessly keeping up the ongoing fight for justice—you can support her community here:  
It’s always been harder for women to run for office and win—but we can break that cycle by getting off the sidelines and speaking up in this election. Chip in $1 and we'll send you this sticker:  
I've always been an underdog. I'm used to it. I've also won every race I've run. So when I say I'm not worried about being discounted now, you can believe it. 
The Mueller report is incredibly damning, and presents significant bases for obstruction of justice. President Trump has to respond to congressional subpoenas so we can get the facts—and if he's going to try to fight Nancy Pelosi on it, I'll put my money on Pelosi every time. 
I joined the women of this morning and talked about bravery. 
This race is a marathon, not a sprint, and I'm going to keep sharing why I'm the best candidate to take on Trump. 
 If you haven't read our report Ten Solutions to Bridge the  it's time to catch up has full…
  calls the Mueller report “very damning.”"If President Trump takes on Nancy Pelosi over whether he's going to…
 COMING UP: Democratic presidential candidate joins the co-hosts LIVE! 
  took a break from campaigning to arm wrestle this college student 
  " At the end of the day our biggest job is to treat others the way we want to be treated." 
The moment we're in isn't just about speaking up against sexual assault and harassment—it's about deciding whether we as a society value women. 
 We gave the highest score for support of government transparency, accountability, and effectiveness of any oth…
President Trump and his aides are not only failing to hold Russia accountable for attacking our democracy, they're condoning it. Democrats need to be better—that's why I want us all to defend the integrity of our elections and pledge that we won't use stolen or hacked materials. 
 In her recent visit to Iowa, proved she's taking the state seriously. Very impressed on the substance from…
 Coming up on Democratic candidate, joins to discuss her 2020 presidential campaign. Wa…
I pledge not to accept stolen or hacked materials from foreign actors, and I urge all other presidential candidates to do the same.Join me in calling on the rest of the 2020 field to help defend our elections from foreign interference: 
If we don't learn from Russia's cyber attacks on our election in 2016, they'll do it again. And we can't depend on President Trump to stop them.So I created a pledge to defend our democracy, and I'm asking all of my fellow 2020 candidates to join me.  
Defending our elections from foreign interference is critical to protecting our democracy. Today, I created a pledge not to use any stolen or hacked information in my campaign, and I'm asking all 2020 candidates to sign it.Sign on to support our pledge: 
 Gillibrand draws a line in the sand regarding foreign meddling and says her campaign won’t use any hacked materials agai…
 isn't just a day to recommit to the fight for our planet. Founded after the 1969 Santa Barbara oil spill, it reminds us that we can't win that fight if we don't take on oil industry greed. That's why I signed the  pledge. Planet over profits. 
 Sen. Gillibrand: “Russia will be back, and it is troubling that President Trump and his top aides are not only failing to ho…
Russia is a foreign adversary of the US, and the Trump administration is refusing to stop them from attacking our elections again.I pledge that my campaign won't use stolen or hacked information from foreign actors, and I urge 2020 candidates to join me. 
  sits down with to talk about Medicare for All, building a green economy, immigration, ; more.…
Sounds like a man with nothing to hide. 
Bravo to the 31,000  and members who stood up for their right to health care and fair wages, and now have reached a tentative contract agreement. I'm proud to stand with them, and for all workers' right to collectively bargain.
I'm proud to stand with my colleague opposing efforts to suppress the vote of tens of thousands of students. As a country we should encourage all voters to participate, not put up barriers for those seeking to perform their civic duty. 
One of the highlights of my week in Iowa was spending time with Her endorsement means the world to me. She embodies the bravery that this campaign is about. 
Our democracy is strongest when voters have the freedom to head to the ballot box to make their voice heard. The efforts of to restrict this right for tens of thousands of students is unconscionable. I strongly support efforts to amend and repeal this bill. 
📍Glenwood📍Pacific Junction📍Des Moines📍Indianola📍Creston📍Clarinda📍Atlantic📍Council Bluffs📍Harlan📍Denison📍Carroll📍AmesWe visited 12 towns in Iowa this week, and kept a journal of the whole trip. My reflections along the way: 
Happy Easter to all celebrating, from the Gillibrands! 
My heart is with the families of those killed in the horrific attack in Sri Lanka. No one should fear violence when they come together in worship, anywhere in the world. 
 Sounds like a plan!
Okay, “brilliant kryptonite” might be my new favorite review. Thank you for coming to our events in New Hampshire, Susan! 
65% of Americans agree: We have to legalize marijuana. It's critical to dismantling mass incarceration and institutional racism, and to achieving fundamental justice. 
 showed genuine rural instincts and relatability in Carroll, Iowa today. She's fluent on ag, rural develop…
Vana and the amazing queens at the Blazing Saddle in Des Moines invited me for a visit tonight before their show. I felt underdressed, so I brought a dress I picked up yesterday—turns out it fit me, but it fit Vana even better! Thank you for having me, ladies! 
 challenged me to an arm-wrestling match for a donation to support and I said game on.(Spoiler alert: I’m donating either way!) 
Our rural Iowa listening tour wrapped today in Harlan, Denison, and Carroll, IA. Someone said they believe I can represent these communities well because I’m “from the Iowa part of New York State”—might have to steal that! 
I take this notebook with me to every listening session, and I’ve been filling it on this listening tour through rural Iowa! I don’t assume I have all the answers—I’m here to learn from people, and the rural policy ideas I put out will come in part from these notes and stories. 
These heroes deserve our respect and our support. If Congress fails to permanently renew the 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund, we will have denied them both. 
 Next week on and more 
Wishing a happy Passover to all those celebrating. Chag Sameach!
Thanks for coming out, Council Bluffs! 
Behind the scenes of our rural Iowa listening tour. 
Today we kicked off our rural Iowa listening tour! These small towns don’t get a lot of visits from candidates, but I’m here to learn about locally crucial issues like mental health and rural economic development, hear from Iowans, and take notes.  
 For the first time in the history of the United States a presidential candidate is sitting down one on one with a drag…
We can’t trust Trump’s handpicked AG to be transparent about the Mueller report. Congress needs to see it in full—and the public needs to know whether Trump obstructed justice.Sign our petition calling on Barr to release the full report: 
Really? 
AG Barr’s press conference was a farce and an embarrassing display of propaganda on behalf of President Trump. Barr works for the people, not the president. They deserve to know Mueller’s full findings because nobody—especially not the president—is immune from accountability.
Congress should get the full, unredacted Mueller report. The American people have the right to know the facts—without the spin.
Even if you're not able to join us for my rural Iowa listening tour, you can follow along with our conversations and highlights on our live blog for the trip. I'll be sharing some of my favorite moments from the road: 
So honored to have endorsement for my campaign. We’re going to be brave together. 
Happy birthday, 
  introduces and explains her endorsement of in Des Moines. “We need people to brave ... Sh…
Tune in for our endorsement event with in Des Moines! I'm so inspired by her story of speaking out about sexual harassment, and keeping up the fight as an advocate for all survivors and women. So proud to have her support in this campaign! 
So much fun hanging out with and community members, both human and canine. 
Bravery is getting back up when you’ve been knocked down. Thank you to Fran and the Iowans who welcomed me today to see the flooding and hear how we can help. 
I'm so moved by the Iowans I met who are focused on lifting others up in the wake of flooding—doing their part to help their whole community, even while recovering from losing their own homes. My reflections on this afternoon’s visit: 
Fran and Jason Parr showed me around their home to see the unbelievable flood damage in Pacific Junction, IA. It’s heartbreaking, but they and their community aren’t broken down. They’re rallying to lift each other up and rebuild. And I told Fran I’d be back this summer to help. 
Our first campaign stop in Iowa was to visit the flood relief center in Glenwood. This community is showing incredible bravery and resilience—they and every community affected by recent disasters need their leaders to set politics aside and provide the aid they need. 
I'm excited about this! We're putting together a live blog so you can keep up with my listening tour through rural Iowa this week. Be sure to follow along for a behind-the-scenes look at the stories and ideas we're talking about: 
Can’t wait to celebrate and support in June! 
 Last night, and I spoke with a group about the critical need for an economy that works for everyone, bri…
I'm so thankful to receive endorsement here in Chicago tonight, and I'm proud to endorse her to be the next congresswoman for IL-03. Illinoisans deserve leaders who will truly fight for all of them, including women seeking reproductive healthcare.  
You're on! If you win, my campaign will make a donation to If I win, be my tour guide on an Iowa trip this summer? See you Friday 💪 
Recently a reporter asked me why I think I'm the candidate who's best able to take on Trump and get things done. Here's my answer. 
When spoke up about rampant sexual harassment in the Iowa Senate, she was fired. So she filed a lawsuit, and won—leading the Senate to change their policies and create accountability. That's bravery. And I'm so honored to have her support. 
 The economic rift between white and nonwhite families is worse today than it was 40 years ago. This is unacceptable.Thank you…
Institutional racism throughout our society has created a racial wealth gap that holds families back for generations. We need solutions both broad and targeted, from full employment and raising wages to postal banking and studying reparations. 
 I flew into NY today to meet with my friend to discuss the Presidential Election, and how we can help moving f…
Donald Trump is the first president in recent history to not release his tax returns. He's hiding something.We deserve transparency and accountability from presidents and presidential candidates. Sign our petition calling on Trump to release his taxes: 
Notre Dame has inspired millions around the world as a symbol of not only history and beauty, but of resilience and human ingenuity. Just as she has been for centuries, she'll be rebuilt again. I'm keeping the people of Paris and its heroic firefighters in my thoughts tonight.
I was proud to be the first presidential candidate to release my 2018 tax return, and for the 12 years I've been in office. Anyone who seeks the presidency should meet that standard—including Trump. Sign our petition calling on him to release his taxes: 
Black moms are 3-4x more likely to die from pregnancy-related complications—it’s outrageous and it’s preventable. The MOMs Act, my bill to help hospitals standardize maternal care, is one way we can close the gap. This has to be a priority for all of us. 
Thank you, I'm so inspired by your bravery and your advocacy for women and survivors in Iowa and everywhere. Excited to keep up this fight with you. 
We can't combat the corrupting influence of money in politics without transparency from our leaders. In honor of  add your name to say you won’t support a president who doesn’t release their tax returns—and call on President Trump to release his: 
Donald Trump is hiding something. Otherwise, he would have released his tax returns by now.Let's mark Tax Day tomorrow by demanding he release his tax returns, and pledging to only support a presidential candidate who releases theirs: 
I’m really proud of what our team and this community have built so far—and we're just getting started. 
Why not train the next generation in the STEM jobs we need to strengthen our economy and combat climate change? Why not invent our way into the future? 
As a Senator who represents 9/11 victims, I can't accept any minimizing of that pain. But Trump's dangerous rhetoric against is disgusting. It’s a false choice to suggest we can’t fight terrorism and reject Islamophobic hate at once—a president should do both.
Happy 103rd birthday, Beverly Cleary! Thank you for creating iconic characters who were adventurous and brave, unruly and unstoppable all at once—and expanding our idea of what a girl can be. 
I believe that we can:‣ Stop greed and corruption‣ Restore our values‣ Build an economy for all‣ Keep America safe‣ Fight for women and familiesText ISSUES to 60980 to learn more about what I'm fighting for.
Our troops deserve a Commander in Chief who fights for them as fiercely as they fight for this country. President Trump's transgender military ban, taking effect today, proves he fails that standard. As president I will end this. 
The Public Service Loan Forgiveness program is a bureaucratic nightmare that has shortchanged millions of teachers, social workers, nurses and other public servants of the loan forgiveness they've earned and I just introduced a bill to fix it. 
As I travel around the country, the number-one fear on people’s minds is often this: If they or someone in their family get seriously sick or injured, how are they going to pay for it? Let’s get this done for Americans and end that fear. We need Medicare For All.
It's unacceptable for CEOs to stack up profits while working families struggle. I stand with the  workers striking in New England to fight back against cuts to their wages and health care.
This administration has replaced a corrupt oil lobbyist as Interior Secretary with...a corrupt oil lobbyist as Interior Secretary.This is exactly why I signed the  pledge. Our public lands are not for sale to the highest bidder. 
This is what leadership looks like. 
Happy  from Maple! 
 Kudos to for committing to take on the greed, corruption, and special interests in Washington. It's time t…
The reason I've fought for so many years to end sexual assault in our military, on our college campuses, and in Congress comes down to one question: Do we value women? Unfortunately, there's a lot of evidence that we don't. I believe women and survivors deserve better. 
I talked with CNN after our town hall about issues like climate change and health care, bringing people together, and why I love Wonder Woman. 
Last night, a student named Alexis asked why I held my campaign kickoff rally outside of Trump International. Here's why. 
A six-week abortion ban without exceptions for rape or incest. Unconstitutional and unconscionable. Ohio women are being endangered with this bill. Gov. DeWine: Veto this. 
Medicare For All is an ambitious goal. But we also need a plan for how to get there, and I have one: Under my transition plan, we'd create a public option and force insurance companies to compete. That's how we can lower costs and get to universal health care.
 ‘It’s the NRA and it’s greed … The gun manufacturers want to make money at all costs.’ — went from having a…
There isn't just one political party for people of faith. My faith is an important part of who I am, why I'm a Democrat, and why I'm running for president. 
 Thank you for co-sponsoring the  Act of 2019! 
Everyone knows the truth on this: Health care in this country is just too expensive.Today I joined my Senate colleagues in co-sponsoring a new Medicare For All bill. We need everyone who supports it to speak out—sign our petition to join our fight: 
Health care should be a fundamental right, and the American people deserve leaders who won't rest until we meet that goal. I'm proud to co-sponsor Medicare For All as we re-introduce it in the Senate today.
 “The problem with our health care system is greed and corruption, starting right here in Washington.” - 
Bringing people together isn't just how we'll beat Trump in 2020—it's what this country needs from our next president. I'll do it because it's what I've always done. 
Ending gun violence in this country is an issue of changing hearts and speaking to people's humanity. We can't give up that fight. Our kids' lives have to come before gun lobby greed. 
Americans deserve a president who leads with bravery and compassion—not cowardice and hate. If you're ready to take on this fight with us, chip in $5 to help power this campaign:  
We should confront the existential threat of climate change like JFK's moonshot: Let's pass a  and get to net-zero carbon emissions not because it's easy, but because it's hard. The whole point is that it's an ambitious set of goals—why not try? 
When kids are being killed in their schools and in their communities in an epidemic of gun violence, every public official's humanity should kick in. NRA money is in the way. This can't wait—we have to put lives over greed. 
If you've served your sentence and are reentering society, you should have the right to participate in our democracy and have a say in who represents you. We should restore returning citizens' right to vote. 
We need Medicare For All, and I wrote a plan to get there by creating a public option that you can buy into. That's how we can create competition with insurance companies, get costs down, and make sure everyone has access to the health care they need. 
President Trump is weak. He is a coward. Americans deserve a president who's brave. It's time to put a leader back in the White House. 
If you're unwilling to stand up to the special interests that control everything in Washington, you're never going to make the changes we need. We need a president who's brave enough to stand up to the powerful and fight for what's right. 
We have to end sexual assault and harassment in this country because it comes down to one important question: Do we value women? There's only one acceptable answer. 
I'm the right candidate to take on President Trump because I can bring people together. I have and I can win red, purple, and blue districts. We need a president who will fix what's broken in this country—that's why I'm running. 
What President Trump is doing to immigrant families at the border is inhumane and has nothing to do with national security. We need a complete transformation of our immigration policy and a real pathway to citizenship. 
Team Gillibrand here! Kirsten's about to take the stage for her first town hall—tune in NOW on TV or  and follow along here for highlights! 
No. 
Want to know where I stand on important issues ahead of our town hall tonight? Text ISSUES to 60980 to learn about my record and plans for everything from jobs to health care to national security. Tune in at 10 pm ET to hear more! 
This election is the fight of our lives, and we can't win if we aren't willing to be brave for what we believe in. 
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal of 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get me on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal of 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get me on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal of 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get me on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal of 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get me on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal of 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get me on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal of 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get me on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal of 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get me on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal of 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get me on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal of 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get me on the debate stage?
We don't need Attorney General Barr, appointed by Donald Trump, to do any more editorializing. Make the full Mueller report public. 
 How will stand out in Democratic field? Join for a live CNN Town Hall with Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, To…
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership back to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership back to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership back to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal to hit 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get us on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal to hit 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get us on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal to hit 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get us on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership back to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership back to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership back to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal to hit 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get us on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal to hit 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get us on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal to hit 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get us on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership back to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership back to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to reject Trump’s message of fear and division—and to restore bold, brave leadership back to the White House. But we can’t share our hopeful mission on the debate stage unless you step up right now. Will you chip in $1 to get me on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal to hit 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get us on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal to hit 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get us on the debate stage?
As president, you can count on me to fight for bold, brave solutions to the toughest challenges we face. We just missed our goal to hit 500 new donors, but we extended our deadline to make sure you can help close this gap. Will you chip in $1 now to get us on the debate stage?
Tonight I'll take the stage for our first town hall! It's an exciting chance to answer voters' questions and share why I'm running and who I'm fighting for. Tune in at 10 pm ET!  
Getting ready for tonight’s CNN town hall! 
Millions of Americans feel left behind right now because they see Washington as only working for the powerful. And they're absolutely right. 
The Electoral College is undermining the most basic principle of a direct democracy: one person, one vote. I think it's time to end its control over our presidential elections—sign our petition if you agree: 
Protecting kids from harm and discrimination shouldn't require brave leadership—it should just be what we do. Thank you, and the advocates who've been leading this moral fight. 
 is so right: If someone is brave enough to serve their country, they deserve our respect. Patriotism doesn't have a gender. 
When it comes to this election, there’s one question we need to ask ourselves: 
Years from now, we will all be asked, "What did you do when hate reigned? What battle did you take on? Who were you willing to stand up to?" If we want to be proud of our answer to that question, we have to fight now. 
I voted against Kirstjen Nielsen’s nomination, and called for her resignation over the administration’s inhumane treatment of immigrant families six months ago. What this country truly needs is a moral reset on immigration policies—we won’t get that in this administration.
We celebrated 18 years today at our favorite brunch place, rode some scooters, and played ping pong with friends. Happy anniversary, Jonathan. Love you. 
While we were still reeling from the attacks on 9/11, these brave emergency responders rushed to serve our country. Now these patriots are dying from the toxic exposure they endured at Ground Zero.Not renewing the Victim Compensation Fund—permanently—would be a moral failure. 
Any system that is built on disenfranchising voters is a system that needs to be torn down. We can't call this a true democracy as long as the Electoral College determines our elections—if you agree, sign our petition to end it: 
I think public service is about listening—that’s why I’ve done more than 60 public events (and counting!) since announcing my run for president. Tune in to our town hall with voters in Concord, NH: 
Thank you for having me! It’s time to make national paid family leave the priority it deserves to be. 
If we want to break down the systematic barriers holding back too many unemployed and underemployed Americans—particularly in low-income communities—we have to make accessible the job training people need to work their way into the middle class. 
Racist language like this has led to violence throughout the world’s history. No human being is an animal. We have to be better than this.
Loved meeting voters (and future voters) in Dover, NH! 
My national public service plan would make college accessible while advancing our goals in infrastructure, green energy and job training. 
 Thank you Senator Kirsten Gillibrand for joining us this afternoon at the 2019 National Action Network Convention. 
I think the American people want a president who is brave, who will lead with compassion rather than hate, and who will repair our moral fabric. That's why I'm running. 
 Sen. Gillibrand on "What the voters want is someone who is authentic, who is honest, someone who does the right th…
Survivors of campus sexual assault have shown extraordinary bravery by sharing their stories, demanding change, and leading a national movement to end this scourge at our colleges and universities. We should honor their bravery with action. 
We should value women more than NRA greed, period. Let's pass the Violence Against Women Act in the Senate now. 
51 years ago today, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated. We can't forget his legacy of fiercely tackling injustice, nor the hate that cut his life short. His goals of equality and resistance to bigotry are as timely as ever—let's honor him by continuing to fight for them.
For far too long, colleges and universities have gotten away with turning a blind eye to the epidemic of campus sexual assault. We owe it to survivors to change the system and hold institutions accountable for protecting students. 
One of my favorite days of the year: the first Congressional Women’s Softball team practice of the season. Press team doesn’t stand a chance! 
Ten years ago today, Iowa legalized marriage equality: one of the first steps toward making it the law of the land in America. Our work isn't done until every LGBTQ person is safe and free from discrimination—but we're not done fighting. Cheers to victories, past and future. 
When it comes to historic milestones for representation, progress, and equality, sometimes a picture is worth a thousand words. Congratulations to Chicago’s new mayor, Photo: Kamil Krzaczyński 
If we want to restore power to the people, we have to get to the root of our central problem: corruption and greed. 
If the Georgia GOP actually cared about family values and saving lives, they'd be addressing maternal mortality instead of decimating access to safe reproductive health care.  
President Trump is tearing apart the moral fabric of this country. He demonizes the vulnerable and punches down. He puts his name in bold on every building. He does this because he wants us to believe he's strong. He's not. Our President is a coward.Americans deserve better . 
President Trump has twisted the issue of immigration because he's a coward, and he's afraid of refugees. Let's untwist it: We need to secure our border, but we also need real immigration reform, a path to citizenship, and to treat asylum seekers with humanity instead of hate. 
Leadership requires bravery. And if we don't have the courage to take on the most urgent threat we face, then what are we doing? 
If you're elected president, you have to represent everyone. It makes no sense for the outcome of our elections to not actually reflect the number of votes received. 
It's absurd that the leader of our country is chosen by a distorted system instead of the voices of all Americans. Proud to support bill to abolish the Electoral College. 
 What's at stake today? A fair and impartial judiciary. extreme partisan agenda has no place in our highe…
  to host a Town Hall with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, moderated by on Tuesday, April 9th at 10pm ET in Washing…
If women made up 51% of our elected offices, do you think we'd still be fighting for equal pay, affordable daycare, and paid leave? I think it's time to change who's at the decision-making table, and start prioritizing issues that have taken a back seat for too long.  
President Trump is a bully and a coward, and his callousness towards Puerto Ricans who are still suffering is outrageous. He needs to stop lying and start helping our fellow citizens on the island—and I won't vote for a bill that cuts out the aid and rebuilding money they need. 
 They super didn’t.91 Billion was the estimated DAMAGE.Puerto Rico is still WAITING for most of their allocated relief fun…
The fact that we have a gender pay gap in 2019 means we're still struggling to value women in this country—and women of color even more. We need to make basic structural changes to ensure women can make what they earn.  
Women on average may make 20% less than white men—and many women of color much less—but your glass will be 100% full with our new  mug. Get yours and support our campaign to fight for equal pay for equal work:  
When presidents are elected without the majority of Americans' votes, something is seriously broken in our democracy. Let's fix it. 
Our democracy is built on the principle of one person, one vote. It can't function until we restore that principle. It's time to abolish the Electoral College. 
 WATCH LIVE: is hitting the stage at the  membership summit. Don’t miss her answers to questions fro…
About to take the stage at  Tune in here: 
I'm so honored to address the 2019 graduates of New England College this May. Students are the future leaders of our country, and deserve our support in all ways—from expanding their opportunities to supporting their future careers and families. See you soon,
President Trump is tearing apart the moral fabric of this country. He demonizes the vulnerable and punches down. He puts his name in bold on every building. He does this because he wants us to believe he's strong. He's not. Our President is a coward.Americans deserve better . 
We’re a few hours away from our biggest test of the campaign: the first FEC filing deadline. We have to show we have what it takes to pass a Green New Deal, Medicare For All, and national paid leave. If you're with me, donate $3 before midnight: 
My grandmother taught me that there's nowhere women don't belong. But to prove that we belong in the White House, we have to prove we belong on the debate stage.As  ends, I'm ready to make some new history. Join me—donate $1 now: 
Our first end-of-quarter filing deadline is tonight, and we need to show we've got what it takes to win. If you agree we need a president who's brave enough to do what's right, chip in to help build this movement: 
 Indivisible Brooklyn is grateful to for sitting down this morning with us and our sister Indivisible gro…
Being yourself takes bravery.Serving your country takes bravery.Demeaning and discriminating against trans Americans—including service members and students—is just cowardice. Trans rights are human rights. We will defend them as such. 
I'm running to get corruption and greed out of our politics, and make government accountable to you. That's why I released 12 years of tax returns and don't take money from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists. Will you help power this campaign?  
I believe in an America where government works for people instead of special interests. Where we value women. Where we lead with bravery and compassion instead of fear and hate. Will you chip in $3 to make sure I can share that vision on the debate stage? 
We need to call this what it is: An abortion ban, a violation of women's constitutional rights, and a direct assault on Roe v. Wade. I stand in solidarity with advocates in GA and nationwide who have been and will keep fighting for our rights. We're not going back. 
Make the report public. Every page. 
I’ve fought for Medicare for All since my first House race in 2006. It's not an abstract goal—I helped write the plan to get there from our current system. We will create competition, get costs down, and finally make health care a right for all. It's about time. 
Let's prove that fear and hate are no match for all of us standing together and speaking out for what's right. Help us build this movement and win this fight:  
 ‘Look up at [Trump] Tower. A shrine to greed, division, and vanity.’ — literally brought her 2020 campaign…
 President Trump just finished his rally, where he made it clear Michigan is a top target in 2020. He and his allies wi…
We must secure our borders effectively and fight terrorism relentlessly. But let's be clear: Attacking immigrants and asylum seekers, throwing babies in cages, coddling white supremacists, building a pointless wall—these things aren't just immoral. They also make us LESS safe. 
Our first end-of-quarter filing deadline is almost here, and we need to come out strong. The most important thing you can do now is chip in to get us on the debate stage. We need 65,000 donors—will you give $1 to hit our FEC goal and help us share our vision on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to fight for a country that values women—but our first end-of-quarter filing deadline is almost here and we need to hit a big goal to show we can win. One way to qualify for the debates is with 65,000 donors. Will you chip in $1 now to help get us there?
Our first end-of-quarter filing deadline is almost here, and we need to come out strong. The most important thing you can do now is chip in to get us on the debate stage. We need 65,000 donors—will you give $1 to hit our FEC goal and help us share our vision on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to fight for a country that values women—but our first end-of-quarter filing deadline is almost here and we need to hit a big goal to show we can win. One way to qualify for the debates is with 65,000 donors. Will you chip in $1 now to help get us there?
Women and men should make equal amounts of money for doing equal work. What a concept.  
Our first end-of-quarter filing deadline is almost here, and we need to come out strong. The most important thing you can do now is chip in to get us on the debate stage. We need 65,000 donors—will you give $1 to hit our FEC goal and help us share our vision on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to fight for a country that values women—but our first end-of-quarter filing deadline is almost here and we need to hit a big goal to show we can win. One way to qualify for the debates is with 65,000 donors. Will you chip in $1 now to help get us there?
I’m running for president as the mom of two young boys to fight for an America that values women and helps every family provide a bright future for their children. But we can’t share this vision at the debates until we reach 65,000 donors. Will you chip in $1 to help us qualify?
Our first end-of-quarter filing deadline is almost here, and we need to come out strong. The most important thing you can do now is chip in to get us on the debate stage. We need 65,000 donors—will you give $1 to hit our FEC goal and help us share our vision on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to fight for a country that values women—but our first end-of-quarter filing deadline is almost here and we need to hit a big goal to show we can win. One way to qualify for the debates is with 65,000 donors. Will you chip in $1 now to help get us there?
Our first end-of-quarter filing deadline is almost here, and we need to come out strong. The most important thing you can do now is chip in to get us on the debate stage. We need 65,000 donors—will you give $1 to hit our FEC goal and help us share our vision on the debate stage?
I’m running for president to fight for a country that values women—but our first end-of-quarter filing deadline is almost here and we need to hit a big goal to show we can win. One way to qualify for the debates is with 65,000 donors. Will you chip in $1 now to help get us there?
It's mutual, you're welcome for dinner any time. Great job last night! 
Making national paid leave a reality for every worker in America has been my priority as a Senator, it's a priority in my campaign, and it would be a priority in my administration—exactly how it should be. 
I will go toe-to-toe with anyone to do the right thing. Whether it’s powerful institutions, the President, or even my own party. 
We can't fix what's broken in Washington unless we're brave enough to fundamentally change the way our government works, and detox our politics from the influence of unaccountable money. Join me in asking every 2020 candidate to release their tax returns:  
 ‘Look up at [Trump] Tower. A shrine to greed, division, and vanity.’ — literally brought her 2020 campaign…
50 women are shot to death by their partners every month in America. We have to face the fact that there is a deadly connection between violence against women and guns in America. Leaders who put NRA blood money over women's lives shouldn't be anywhere near our laws. 
I was the first member of Congress to make my official meetings, personal financial disclosures and taxes public. Now I'm the first presidential candidate to release my tax returns for 2018—and every year since 2007. Ask every candidate to do the same: 
Corruption and greed are the root of almost all evil in our democracy. We need to protect voting rights and the integrity of our elections, get dark money out of politics and make government answerable to people again. Give the  Act a vote.
Democrats should proudly be the party of honesty, transparency and accountability. It's what voters deserve, and it's who we are. Add your name to join me in calling on every 2020 candidate to release their tax returns: 
Kudos to my friend and fellow New Yorker for refusing to accept corporate PAC donations. Voters need to know we're working for them, not special interests—and we can't fix Washington until we walk the walk on transparency. 
Transparency is essential to combating the corrupting influence of money in politics. The American people should know that their president is beholden to no one but them—that's why I’m urging all presidential candidates to join me and disclose at least ten years of their taxes. 
My tax returns for every year I’ve been in office, including 2018, are now public.We can't win our fight against Donald Trump without transparency and accountability. Sign my petition calling on every 2020 candidate to release their tax returns, too: 
I just published my latest tax returns, like I do every year.I've now released 12 years of my tax returns because voters deserve to know we're beholden only to them. If you agree, sign our petition calling on all presidential candidates to do the same:  
Criminalizing women for exercising their constitutional rights is as dystopian as it gets. Doing so while ignoring the highest maternal mortality rate in the country is just hypocrisy. This bill is an outrage, and we all need to speak out against it. 
We are living under an administration with no humanity. 
Saving our planet should not be a partisan issue. Putting our kids' and grandkids' futures over today's fossil fuel profits should not be a hard choice to make. We need to treat global climate change like the urgent, existential threat that it is, and act accordingly. 
Cutting people around the world off from reproductive health care hurts whole communities, degrades public health and results in more deaths. This policy is abominable, and I'll overturn it on day one of my presidency. 
I’m running for president as the mom of two young boys to fight for an America that values women and helps every family provide a bright future for their children. But we can’t share this vision at the debates until we reach 65,000 donors. Will you chip in $1 to help us qualify?
I’m running for president as the mom of two young boys to fight for an America that values women and helps every family provide a bright future for their children. But we can’t share this vision at the debates until we reach 65,000 donors. Will you chip in $1 to help us qualify?
Here's a radical idea: Instead of a game of political piñata with our planet's future, let's have a real debate about the  We're talking about infrastructure, job creation and clean air and water—and if Republicans don't support that, they should explain why.
Today's  vote is a partisan stunt to side-step needed debate on climate action, and give Republicans cover to put oil lobby checks over our kids. I've come to expect nothing less from be voting "present." I don't play ball with bad-faith farces.
  We need to treat climate change like the existential threat that it is. We need to pass a 
Couldn't agree more. 
The people of this country deserve a president worthy of your bravery. That's why I’m running for President of the United States. 
If it’s a fight for healthcare this administration wants, it’s a fight they’ll get—and we will win. 
Find me a so-called unsolvable problem, and I will point you to the dark, unaccountable money in its way—whether it's opioid makers getting a pass instead of indictments, or the NRA stopping gun reform. We need to crack open our government and let the light flood in.
What don’t you want the American people to see, 
Americans across party lines agree that we need paid leave for every worker. New Hampshire voters chose leaders who campaigned on it, including He is wrong to renege on that promise. Granite Staters deserve paid leave. 
Two survivors of the Parkland shooting and one parent of a child killed at Sandy Hook have died by suicide in the past week. Tragic doesn't begin to cover it.The trauma of this violence doesn't end when the news cycle moves on. We have to fix this. 
Yesterday, we joined together in New York City to reject hate and fear, and to show that when we speak out, lock arms and fight for our values, brave wins.Read my full speech from our official campaign kickoff rally:  
What a day. 
President Trump is a coward. That's not what America deserves. We deserve a president who is brave. 
The Mueller report must be made public. Not just a letter from someone appointed by Trump to protect himself—all of it. The President works for the people, and he is not above the law. 
Thank you, New York! 
This fight is so much bigger than any one election—it’s about making a choice and deciding who we are. So will we defend this democracy? Will we reject hate and fear? Will we be brave?If you’re with me, chip in and let's win this fight:  
Years from now, we will look back on this moment in our history, and we’ll be able to say that we did something about it.We stood up, locked arms and proved to America—and the world—that when people come together to drive out darkness, hope rises.Fear loses.And 
None of these big fights will be easy. But I’ve never backed down from a fight for what’s right, and I’m not about to start now.That’s why I’m in this race. I'm running for president to fix what’s been broken, repair our moral fabric and rebuild our common bonds.
We need to treat climate change like the existential threat it is and pass a  Let’s make it our generation’s moonshot. Addressing a global challenge of this urgency will take massive effort and transformative vision—which is exactly why we should do it.
We must hold accountable any threats to our democracy.The Mueller report must be made public. Nobody is above the law. I don’t often agree with Richard Nixon, but he was right to say the American people have a right to know whether or not their president is a crook.
We need to restore our moral leadership in the world. We must secure our borders effectively and fight terrorism relentlessly, but let’s be very clear: Racism and fear are not a national security strategy.
We need to dismantle institutional racism. We need solutions both targeted and broad—like higher standards for maternity care, a national commitment to full employment, postal banking, ending cash bail and legalizing marijuana.
Hear me when I say this: Paid leave, equal pay and affordable daycare are not just “women’s issues.” These are economic issues—ones that will determine whether or not our country succeeds. 
Our goals are ambitious, but they shouldn't be controversial:Medicare for all.Universal pre-K and high-quality public education.Affordable college.Full employment.A $15 minimum wage.National paid leave.
As president, I will fight for publicly-funded federal elections. It would change the way Washington works overnight. Imagine your voice being just as loud as the Koch brothers—what a concept!We have to level the political playing field so our democracy can thrive.
Right now, special interests are displacing the voices of the people in our democracy. Find me a so-called unsolvable problem, and I'll point you to the greed and corruption in the way.We need to crack open our government, flip the switch and let the light flood in.
I’m fighting for an America where where compassion and integrity define our government, not self-interest and corruption. Where we don’t just care about the profits we make today, but the future we’re leaving to our grandchildren.I know we can be that America.
I stood up to greed and voted against the bank bailout.I stood up to corruption in Congress.I stood up to the Pentagon, Congress and colleges on behalf of survivors of sexual assault. And I’m proud to have stood up to Trump more than anyone else in the Senate.
My grandmother Polly taught me that being brave doesn’t just mean standing up for yourself—it means standing up for other people who need you. Bravery means standing up to the powerful, and summoning the courage to confront them head on. And that's what I've done.
Day in and day out, Americans are making a choice to resist the backward pull of this administration, and pushing us toward a better future.The people of this country deserve a president worthy of your bravery. That's why I’m running for president.
We deserve a president who is brave. A president who inspires us to stand for something greater than ourselves.We don’t build walls; we build bridges. Because our unity of purpose lifts us higher than any tower.
President Trump is tearing apart the moral fabric of this country. He demonizes the vulnerable and he punches down. He puts his name in bold on every building.He does all of this because he wants us to believe he is strong. He is not. Our President is a coward.
Brave isn’t winning right now.Brave doesn’t spread hate or bully the vulnerable. Brave doesn’t put greed and self-interest over millions of lives. Brave doesn’t cower behind lies and walls. Brave doesn’t pit people against one another. That’s what fear does.
“Kirsten’s dedication isn’t just to my son, it’s to your sons and daughters, to you, and to all of us. She cannot be knocked down. And she listens. That is what we need to lead us out of the storm.”  actor and activist 
 Tune in live now for our campaign kickoff rally in NYC! 
“We are all brave enough to fight. I am proud to be here to tell you that there is no other candidate that is more prepared to invest and empower all of the American people than your NY Senator, Kirsten Gillibrand.” —Andrea Pino-Silva, anti-sexual assault activist 
“We owe it to our world, to our country, to our children, to the people who fought for this—to ensure that our fight never ends. To ensure that the bravery of New Yorkers helps lead the country once again.” —Gabriel Blau, LGBTQ rights activist 
“I want to see someone elected as president who is unafraid to stand up and bring us closer to LGBT equity and equality.” —Tanya Asapansa-Johnson Walker, transgender rights activist 
“Before Senator Gillibrand, we did not have any hope. Now we have hope. We are feeling brave. We know there’s somebody standing with us and being a voice for the voiceless.” —Jackie Rowe-Adams, gun safety advocate 
“Bravery isn’t always loud. Sometimes bravery is quiet and isn’t in the headlines. Sometimes bravery listens.” —Annie Clark, anti-sexual assault activist 
“Hate will be defeated. Brave will win. Families belong together.” —Monica Sibri, Dreamer and immigrant rights activist 
“My fight is your fight. Your fight is my fight. And our fight is her fight.” —Lisdy Contreras-Giron, Dreamer and immigrant rights activist 
Kirsten’s team here—follow along starting now for highlights from Kirsten’s official campaign kickoff rally in New York City!  
Beautiful day for a campaign kickoff!  
Setting the stage for a campaign rally that’s all about fighting for what’s right, no matter who we’re up against.  
Whether you're coming to our kickoff rally in New York at noon or following along online, here's a sneak preview of the soundtrack! Listen to our official campaign playlist on  
I’m running for president as the mom of two young boys to fight for an America that values women and helps every family provide a bright future for their children. But we can’t share this vision at the debates until we reach 65,000 donors. Will you chip in $1 to help us qualify?
I’m running for president as the mom of two young boys to fight for an America that values women and helps every family provide a bright future for their children. But we can’t share this vision at the debates until we reach 65,000 donors. Will you chip in $1 to help us qualify?
Hello, New York! 
Today’s the day we show America that  and fear loses.If you’re in New York City, join us at noon in front of Trump International for our campaign kickoff rally: If you aren’t, follow along here as we share our vision for the future. Let's go! 
 I’m in support of Senator Gillibrand’s efforts because she is embracing my struggle, my story and strengthening my voi…
On November 3, 2020, we will send a resounding rebuke to Donald Trump and vote him out of office. And tomorrow, we'll put him on notice by standing up for our values and sharing our vision, right in his front yard. Join us in NYC at noon ET:  
  has fought for women, she has fought for workers, for  people, for survivors, for immigrants. She…
 When I was a college student, I survived a sexual assault. I then learned that too many students across the country had…
 Could not be more excited to support a candidate who believes in equality for all, and highlights those who are typica…
 Proud to join our own on stage to kick off her presidential campaign tomorrow in NYC! Join us at noon near…
When I studied abroad in China, was right beside me. In our decades of friendship, she's continued to inspire me as an activist to combat poverty and advance equal rights for women on top of her career as an actor. I'm so glad she'll be with us tomorrow.  
Monica Sibri believes that representation matters, and that’s why she’s fighting to elect young women and standing up for Dreamers like herself. Monica's being brave and showing her communities how to be brave too.  
When Annie Clark saw firsthand that colleges weren’t doing enough to protect students from sexual assault, she filed a Title IX complaint to hold her school accountable—and won. Her bravery helped kickstart a national movement to end sexual assault on campuses.  
Tanya Asapansa-Johnson Walker has embodied bravery in more ways than one—from serving in the US Army to serving marginalized transgender people to fighting for the rights of women, LGBTQ people and the undocumented. I'm honored to have her with me tomorrow.  
It takes extraordinary bravery for a sexual assault survivor to tell their story. Andrea Pino-Silva did, and then she kept going. She helped lead a nationwide charge to combat sexual assault on college campuses by changing policies and empowering survivors.  
Gabriel Blau has spent his career fighting so that all families are treated with respect and equality. Being brave means standing up for others in addition to yourself—Gabriel acts on those values.  
Lisdy Contreras-Giron is a Dreamer in every sense of the word. She came to the US at 5, and now she's getting her law degree to help marginalized people. She uses her voice to advocate for equal opportunity for everyone, no matter where you came from. That’s bravery.  
When Jackie Rowe-Adams lost two of her sons to gun violence, she turned her unimaginable pain into action. She formed a group of moms and other safety advocates dedicated to ending gun violence in Harlem. Jackie chose to be brave, and New York is better for it.  
Exciting news: I'm honored that I'll be joined by some inspiring people on stage at our campaign kickoff rally tomorrow in New York City. Today we'll introduce those people, and their stories of everyday bravery.RSVP to the rally here:  
If we're going to make our economy work for families, we have to transform the infrastructure of work to make it easier to be a parent AND make a living. We need equal pay for equal work, affordable daycare for all and national paid leave. It's 2019. Let's get this done. 
Whatever Mueller's report contains, here's what we already know: Trump has spread hate, clouded truth, sown division and undermined our democracy. On Sunday, we'll send him a message that says: Your time is up. Join us at noon at Trump International: 
Full details of the Trump campaign’s coordination with Russia, under investigation by Special Counsel Robert Mueller, need to be made public. Sign the petition now to stop the Trump administration from burying the truth!
Full details of the Trump campaign’s coordination with Russia, under investigation by Special Counsel Robert Mueller, need to be made public. Sign the petition now to stop the Trump administration from burying the truth!
Robert Mueller just submitted his report on the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia, but Trump wants to bury the truth. This is a threat to justice and the rule of law—and we need you to speak out now to stop Trump from burying the truth!
Robert Mueller just submitted his report on the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia, but Trump wants to bury the truth. This is a threat to justice and the rule of law—and we need you to speak out now to stop Trump from burying the truth!
Special counsel Mueller’s report should be made public without any delay. The American people have a right to know its findings.
See you Sunday.  
  joined the celebration of our new leadership team ; took a moment to explain her plan to make it easier for w…
America's students and graduates are already being crushed by student debt. They deserve a president who'll help lift that burden—instead, Trump's proposed budget makes it way worse. Cutting student loan programs by $200 billion to help pay for millionaires' tax cuts is shameful.
I've done a lot of interviews in my career, but taking and to my favorite dive bar in Troy, NY has to be the best one. 
Ten minutes until on  Don't miss it! 
I had the best time showing and around Troy, NY and definitely beating them at bowling. Watch on  tonight! 
Thanks to so many Iowans who helped us kick off the first week of our official presidential campaign! Be back soon. 
We need to pass universal background checks, ban assault rifles, and stop gun trafficking. We need to close gun sale loopholes to make sure guns can’t get into the hands of dangerous criminals, terrorists, or domestic abusers. And we can't let the NRA's greed stop us. 
Thank you, and Pastor Whitfield, for a powerful conversation about healthcare, criminal justice reform, and expanding opportunity for communities of color in Iowa. Looking forward to spending a Sunday with you both soon! (And thank you for introducing us, 
Let's put aside the overreaching, fake national emergency for a minute. How does Trump intend to pay for his pointless wall and tax cuts for millionaires? By cutting $845 billion from Medicare, $26B from Social Security, and $200B from student loan programs. It's all wrong.
The best way to provide national paid leave is to make it an earned benefit, just like Social Security. Under my plan, you and your employer would each pay in $2/week, and you'd get 12 weeks of paid leave. It's that simple. 
We can defeat Trump and his hate-fueled agenda, but only if we do it together. So this Sunday, 3/24, let's take our collective voice to Trump International Hotel in NYC and stand against the division, fear and corruption Trump has sown. RSVP to rally now:
Our campaign for president is now official, and it's already Trump's worst nightmare. But we won't let him shy away—we're taking our unified, people-first voice straight to his doorstep. Join me to rally for the issues we believe in at Trump International on Sunday, 3/24:
to Trump International Hotel in NYC and stand against the division, fear and corruption Trump has sown. RSVP to rally now:
Trump’s hate-driven agenda exposes him for what he is: out of touch, divisive and fear-mongering. We don't stand for hatred. That's why I'm running for president ; why I'm rallying outside Trump Int'l Hotel in NYC on Sunday 3/24. Be there to show we reject his hate—RSVP now:
This Sunday, 3/24, I'll be taking our campaign for president right to Trump's doorstep. When I stand in front of Trump International Hotel in NYC and say enough is enough, I want him to hear your voice right alongside mine. Click here to let me know you're in:
On Sunday, we get to share our vision for the future and show America what this campaign is fighting for—right in Donald Trump's front yard. Trump International, New York City, 12 pm. Join us: 
I’m running for president to fight for everyone to be valued in America. Will you chip in $1 to help me qualify for the debates? If you've saved payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately:
I’m running for president to fight for everyone to be valued in America. Will you chip in $1 to help me qualify for the debates?If you've saved payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately:
I’m officially running for president because we can’t be silent while corruption in our political system sentences our children to an uninhabitable planet. Will you chip in before our end-of-quarter deadline—even $1 makes a difference—to join our fight for a Green New Deal?
I’m officially running for president because we can’t be silent while corruption in our political system sentences our children to an uninhabitable planet. Will you chip in before our end-of-quarter deadline—even $1 makes a difference—to join our fight for a Green New Deal?
  wants to make  affordable for  and other public servants. 🙌
Good to be back in Iowa. Do you like my new workout shirt? 
One of the many problems with Trump is Betsy DeVos. She's unqualified and unfit for the job, and that's why I voted against her nomination.The Department of Education needs to protect students, not predatory lenders and sexual abusers. Enforcing Title IX shouldn't be optional. 
Congratulations to Iowa’s newest State Senator, Elections matter—can't want to see the great things he'll do in the Iowa Senate, and bravo to the dedicated volunteers and supporters who won this fight for our progressive values. 
I'm hard-pressed to think of any policy more cruel—and more hypocritical for a party that claims to have family values—than cutting lifelines for low-income children. We are not going to let kids go hungry so Trump can pay for his tax cuts for billionaires. 
 Today is birthday and got an entire room of Davenport Democrats to sing to him. Happy birth…
Student debt is one of the biggest crises we have in this country today. The federal government should not be making money off the backs of our students. 
I’m running for president to fight for everyone to be valued in America. Will you chip in $5 to help me qualify for the debates?If you've saved payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately:
I’m running for president to fight for everyone to be valued in America. Will you chip in $5 to help me qualify for the debates? If you've saved payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately:
Tens of thousands of Americans are killed with guns every year. Many are kids. There's no excuse for the NRA's chokehold on our laws; even gun owners want background checks. Someone has to protect the children of this country against the danger your greed puts them in. I will. 
What's happening at our border is inhumane and intolerable, and it doesn't make us safer. These are refugees and asylum seekers. We need to secure our border in smart ways, end family separation and create a real path to citizenship.There is no such thing as an illegal human. 
 Election Day is here! Get out and vote for Black Hawk County!   
 This week on  we meet with actors and then hang upstate with
White supremacy and hate crimes are on the rise around the world. Donald Trump didn't create them, but he has poured gasoline on that fire, and his hate has made us all less safe. I refuse to let it go unchecked. I will stand up to him and I will fight for the best of our values. 
I knew that calling on Al Franken to resign was a risk, but silence wasn’t an option. I’m running for president to fight for a country that values women, and I’m ready to share this vision with the American people. Will you give $1 to help us bring our vision to the debate stage?
I knew that calling on Al Franken to resign was a risk, but silence wasn’t an option. I’m running for president to fight for a country that values women, and I’m ready to share this vision with the American people. Will you give $1 to help us bring our vision to the debate stage?
I knew that calling on Al Franken to resign was a risk, but silence wasn’t an option. I’m running for president to fight for a country that values women, and I’m ready to share this vision with the American people. Will you give $1 to help us bring our vision to the debate stage?
Tonight, I talked to Michiganders about why I'm the best candidate to take on President Trump and fight for our values. If you liked what you heard, chip in $3 to help make sure I can share that vision at the Democratic primary debates:  
Donald Trump's hatred makes us less safe. His Muslim ban makes us less safe. So I will protect this country. I will make sure that we are safe, but I will make sure that we remember that we are at our best when we love one another. 
Donald Trump did not create hate and racism, bigotry and anti-Semitism. But what he has done is poured fuel on the fire that is raging more than I've seen in my lifetime. I will stand up against him and his hate.  
I know the issue of Sen. Franken is hard for many Democrats. But he had eight credible sexual harassment allegations against him, and I had to choose whether to stay silent, or not. If some megadonors have a problem with that, that's on them. 
Clean air and clean water is a human right. I’ve made clean water one of my priorities, including the PIPES Act. We should make polluters pay for the damage they inflict on communities, and stop rolling back EPA regulations. 
There is no such thing as an illegal human.In our best moments, we have not been afraid of immigrants; in our worst moments, we have. We have to fundamentally transform how we treat people seeking asylum and refugees. 
Health care should be a right, not a privilege. We need a president who'll fight for universal, quality coverage that's affordable for everybody. I believe we need  and that we should create a public option as a transition to single-payer. 
Student debt is an out-of-control crisis in this country, and it isn’t just a burden on individual graduates—it’s a drag on the whole economy.  
America is the only industrialized country in the world without a national paid leave plan. It's 2019. Let's make this a priority at last.  
Rewarding work means a few things to me:We need to support unions and workers' rights.We need to raise the minimum wage to $15.We need to invest in job training.We need national paid leave. And we need to punish companies who outsource American jobs. 
America is facing an opioid crisis, and one of the ways we need to put a stop to it is by holding opioid makers accountable for their greed. They knowingly put their profits over people's lives, and they should be prosecuted. 
We need to get money out of politics because the way Washington works is that the powerful have unlimited power, and money is the name of the game. If we want change, we need to stand up to the powerful special interests and restore the people's voices. 
We all have a responsibility to end gun violence in this country. We all have to take on the corruption and greed that the NRA represents. It is unacceptable, and I will hold them accountable.  
I’m the best candidate to take on Trump because I have the vision of what needs to be done in America. I’ve listened to voters about their lives, and I have the compassion to absorb that and offer a real plan. I have the experience and I’ve gotten things done. 
We're off! Watch our very first nationally broadcast town hall in Auburn Hills, Michigan starting right now on MSNBC!  
Yesterday, I announced I'm officially running for president. Tonight, I get to tell America more about why I'm in this race and who I'm fighting for. Hope you'll tune in to our town hall on at 8pm ET!  
 The road to the White House leads right through Michigan. Thank you for coming to the Mitten State to t…
I'm with Michigan's awesome and Fems for Dems in Clawson, MI for a meet and greet with Michiganders. Join us! 
Tune in tonight at 8pm ET on MSNBC to watch our first TV town hall with in Michigan! And while you're watching, text “NOW” to 60980 to get live updates and more info on the issues we talk about. Don't miss it!  
 From the All In 2020 Candidate Town Hall w/ and in Michigan: The Sen. said “If we were brave enoug…
 Gillibrand, at tonight's  Town Hall:"There is a difference between capitalism and greed, and the line i…
I’m running for president as the mom of two young boys to fight for an America that values women and helps every family provide a bright future for their children. But we can’t share this vision at the debates until we reach 65,000 donors. Will you chip in $1 to help us qualify?
I’m running for president as the mom of two young boys to fight for an America that values women and helps every family provide a bright future for their children. But we can’t share this vision at the debates until we reach 65,000 donors. Will you chip in $1 to help us qualify?
So excited to talk with and Michigan voters at the first TV town hall of our campaign! Airs tonight at 8pm ET on MSNBC. Sign up here and my team will let you know when and where you can watch live:  
We need a leader who makes big, bold, brave choices. That’s why I’m running for president. Join me and let's build this movement together:  
Every generation of Americans has to make a choice: Will we accept an agenda of cowardice and division, or will brave win? Join me at Trump International in New York City on Sunday, March 24 and let’s show which side we’re on: 
 Kirsten Gillibrand has officially announced her campaign for presidency 
The decision-making in our government is going to the highest bidder. We need to get unaccountable money out of our politics and restore the principle of one person, one vote.We’re fighting to restore power to people, so we’re powered by people.  
 I am proud to endorse my friend to be our next President and the nation's first woman President. I saw…
New campaign, new store! Get your shirts, stickers, tote bags and more to show you’re on our team:  
We need to remember what it feels like to be brave. Brave doesn’t pit people against each other or put money over lives. It doesn’t spread hate, cloud truth or build a wall. That’s what fear does. I'm running because we're better than that. Let's be brave together. 
I can't think of many other people who better define what "brave" means to me. Thank you, my friend and hero.  
Whether you’re with me all the way or just want to learn more about what I’m fighting for, I want you to be part of this campaign. Text BRAVE to 60980 to get text updates and hear about how you can do something brave, too! 
It’s time to answer cowardice with bravery. Fear with boldness. Greed with compassion. Let’s win this fight together:  
I’m running for president as the mom of two young boys to fight for an America that values women and helps every family provide a bright future for their children. But we can’t share this vision at the debates until we reach 65,000 donors. Will you chip in $1 to help us qualify?
I’m officially running for president because we can’t be silent while corruption in our political system sentences our children to an uninhabitable planet. Will you chip in before our end-of-quarter deadline—even $1 makes a difference—to join our fight for a Green New Deal?
I’m running for president as the mom of two young boys to fight for an America that values women and helps every family provide a bright future for their children. But we can’t share this vision at the debates until we reach 65,000 donors. Will you chip in $1 to help us qualify?
I’ve spent the last two years fighting Trump’s attacks on the moral core of our country—and I’m officially running for president to take that fight right to his doorstep. Will you chip in $1 today to show that you’re ready to restore courage and compassion to the White House?
I’m officially running for president because we can’t be silent while corruption in our political system sentences our children to an uninhabitable planet. Will you chip in before our end-of-quarter deadline—even $1 makes a difference—to join our fight for a Green New Deal?
I’ve spent the last two years fighting Trump’s attacks on the moral core of our country—and I’m officially running for president to take that fight right to his doorstep. Will you chip in $1 today to show that you’re ready to restore courage and compassion to the White House?
I’m running for president as the mom of two young boys to fight for an America that values women and helps every family provide a bright future for their children. But we can’t share this vision at the debates until we reach 65,000 donors. Will you chip in $1 to help us qualify?
I’m running for president as the mom of two young boys to fight for an America that values women and helps every family provide a bright future for their children. But we can’t share this vision at the debates until we reach 65,000 donors. Will you chip in $1 to help us qualify?
I’m officially running for president because we can’t be silent while corruption in our political system sentences our children to an uninhabitable planet. Will you chip in before our end-of-quarter deadline—even $1 makes a difference—to join our fight for a Green New Deal?
I’ve spent the last two years fighting Trump’s attacks on the moral core of our country—and I’m officially running for president to take that fight right to his doorstep. Will you chip in $1 today to show that you’re ready to restore courage and compassion to the White House?
I’m officially running for president because we can’t be silent while corruption in our political system sentences our children to an uninhabitable planet. Will you chip in before our end-of-quarter deadline—even $1 makes a difference—to join our fight for a Green New Deal?
I’ve spent the last two years fighting Trump’s attacks on the moral core of our country—and I’m officially running for president to take that fight right to his doorstep. Will you chip in $1 today to show that you’re ready to restore courage and compassion to the White House?
We’re building a campaign that will change who’s at the decision-making table, take on powerful interests and restore moral integrity to the White House—and we won't take a cent from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists. Donate to help power this campaign: 
I’m fighting for an America where we lead with bravery and compassion, not fear and greed—and I’m taking that fight straight to President Trump’s doorstep. Join me at Trump International in New York City on Sunday, March 24:  
I’m running for president. Let’s prove that brave wins. Join me:  
