We need a leader who will address the unique opportunities rural communities bring to the table and address distinctive challenges at the local level. A one-size-fits-all approach doesn’t work. Rural Americans deserve better.
Trade wars hurt American farmers and workers. It is irresponsible of to wage a tariff war with China – the repercussions are falling on the backs of communities in his own country. 
We need more than thoughts and prayers to put end senseless gun violence. We need to act by:   ✔Passing universal background checks  ✔Limiting high-capacity magazines  ✔Implementing red flag laws  ✔Banning assault weapons
 is unilaterally attacking the global trade system. His thoughtless actions are falling on the backs of American farmers and workers. We need a leader who can work with our foreign allies to better the American economy for all. 
There’s not a single example in history where a trade war had a winner.  
Our rural communities are at the forefront of America’s greatest challenges and opportunities. As a successful entrepreneur, Mayor and Governor, I don’t just talk about a stronger, more effective federal rural policy – I will make it happen.
Common-sense gun safety measures work, and our leaders’ failure to take action is completely unacceptable. 
Launching a tariff war with China has been one of most shortsighted decisions. America cannot walk away from trade agreements that hold the promise of growing our economy. 
 empty promises to rural Americans have already harmed their livelihoods. It is ludicrous and shameful for the President to overlook rural America, a large and integral community in our nation.
Gun violence is a public health epidemic, and we need to take immediate action. Innocent lives are too high of a price to pay. 
Growing America’s economy includes addressing the rural economy. failure to acknowledge our rural communities will have lasting effects on our economy, and  do nothing but exacerbate the problem. 
As Gov. of CO, I signed into law landmark reforms on gun safety that required background checks ; banned high-capacity magazines. We were the first purple state to enact such meaningful gun safety legislation. I know it can be done. What's taken our nation’s leaders so long?
From my first day as Governor of Colorado, we elevated rural communities to keep their well-being a statewide priority. As president, I am prepared to do the same. We must build and protect the vital assets rural America brings to our nation.
Last week, I toured an ethanol plant in Dyersville, Iowa to talk about how we can create good jobs rural areas and produce cleaner energy right here in the United States.
Last week, I stopped in at Movillatte in Moville, Iowa and they taught me how to make a latte! Small, family run businesses like these keep  America strong. I'm running for president to stand up for folks like Blake, Jill and Casey.   
We cannot let people take advantage of capitalism - but we also cannot demonize businesses to score political points. We need to reboot true American capitalism to produce greater economic equality and growth. 
After the Aurora shooting in Colorado, we passed background checks. Passing this legislation proved to be effective – the checks prevented gun sales to more than 3,000 people arrested for or convicted of serious crimes. Common-sense gun reform works, ; we can make it universal.
We need to work with China - not by imposing tariffs but by bringing our allies to the table. Every country needs to work together, and America has the best opportunity to lead the charge.  
 is taking steps to restrict trade, and he’s doing so recklessly. We must expand trade, on fair terms, to grow our economy and reach our full potential. 
As the only scientist running for President, I understand what's at stake for our future if we don't  now.
 As we continue to mourn as a nation, we must continue to fight and demand action from our leaders.
 refusal to act on this urgent issue speaks loudly – and it’s repulsive. Our country deserves better than this. We need a leader who isn’t afraid to take action.
The recent horrendous shootings hit close home for me. I was Governor of Colorado when the Aurora theater shooting happened, and I know what it feels like to be one of the first ones on the scene. It leaves lasting trauma for everyone involved.
 Watch this 5 min video. Give Hickenlooper your consideration for President: He did a phenomenal job in CO.  As a recruiter f…
Putting American farmers out of work is no way to stimulate economic growth. That’s called bad leadership. 
I sat down with to talk about the issues impacting Iowans and the rest of the nation - like how  is hitting American's pocket books the hardest.  
There's nothing like meeting Iowans and discussing the big, important ideas for achieving real change - especially when done over a beer. When we work together, we can build a better future of all Americans. 
For too long, gun violence in our country has gone unaddressed. We have hundreds of mass shootings a year, and we cannot afford to lose more lives to this epidemic. We need reform, and we need it now. 
Hate has no place here.
As we continue to fight against hatred, bigotry and extremism, we will continue to honor Heather and her life. Let us not forget the price of hateful intolerance.
Two years ago, in a heinous act of hatred, Heather Heyer lost her life as a neo-Nazi violently drove through a crowd of protestors in Charlottesville.
The economy must work for everyone. Imposing more tariffs on China whenever the wind changes direction is proving to be detrimental to American farmers. actions are hurting our country, and he must stop. 
Communities like Dyersville, IA are absolutely critical to fighting climate change. Last week at Big River Resources ethanol plant, we talked about how we can produce clean energy ; create more jobs in rural America together.Hint: it’s not through big government expansions. 
Thoughts ; prayers will never be enough to erase the trauma inflicted by these horrific shootings. We must demand our leaders to act. We are overdue to pass common-sense gun safety laws. Too many lives have been lost to senseless gun violence.  
Going to war with China is not the answer to grow the American economy. We’ve seen enormous growth thanks to our global alliances and trading networks – we can’t turn them into enemies by imposing rash tariffs right and left. 
Like many Americans I’m still mourning the events in El Paso ; Dayton last week. This is exactly what a crisis of division looks like. racist rhetoric must end. We must demand action and put an end to gun violence.  
As Governor of Colorado, I took our state from 40th in job creation to the  economy in the nation. As an entrepreneur, I know firsthand what creates jobs ; what doesn’t. Waging a  with China is a surefire way to put a lot of people out of work. 
I've never had potato chips quite like the helping I had at the  One thing's for sure: they were outrageously delicious. What did you think, 
Background checks work. It's time to get this done across the country.  
You can ask any economist and they will tell you:  never work. They are just a race to the bottom.  
The best part of the  
  is here and he’s serving beer.   
Plain and simple: Governors are closer to the people! I'm proud to be the only candidate in this race that's really done the big, progressive things everyone else is talking about. 
 Former Colorado Gov. John flips pork chops at the Iowa State Fair before talking a little bit about trade. “Ch…
 John speaks at Iowa's Wing Ding Dinner. 
Every time we have a mass shooting in America - I go right back to the scene of the Aurora shooting. The smells ; sounds all come rushing back. Our nation's children shouldn't be living like this. We need change now. 
Do you think Robin will like my apron, 
 "He's stoking the flames of racial hatred for his own narrow political benefit. And I think that's worse than being a white…
 trade war will cause long-term harm to American farmers and workers. Not only that, but it’s a national security threat. His tariffs are irresponsible, and the American people deserve better. 
With what we're facing right now in America - with climate change, and the inflation of health costs, - we're going to have to work our fingers to the bone, but we're going to do it together.
We will achieve greater economic equality and growth when we reboot true American capitalism. We cannot demonize the private sector, and we certainly cannot wage tariff wars every week. We need a president who can lead the economy to reach its potential. 
 2020 Democratic Presidential Candidate ; Former Colorado Governor John is LIVE now on C-SPAN taking your phone cal…
 tariff wars have cost American farmers tens of billions of dollars in the last year. We can’t let his reckless behavior harm rural America any longer. 
 Fmr. Colorado Gov. John now taking questions 
 “We were the first state west of the Mississippi to get universal pre-K” says former Colorado Governor John at t…
I'm back in my element pouring beer at the  It doesn't get much better than this!   
 "Trump is giving "waivers" for small refineries, but these aren't small refineries by any means. He's trying to evicerate…
 Crowd here for Contends he’s a candidate who’s actually ‘gotten stuff done’ as governor and mayor, div…
I hope you enjoyed it! 
 Now: John is up, making his case for why governors (and former governors like himself) are the most qualifie…
I'm live at the Political Soapbox talking about how we can build a better future for all Americans!   
I'm touring the  with my friends from and talking about how to make American agriculture the best in the world. 
We cannot continue to allow Americans to be terrorized by gun violence. We must  of our elected officials - this must end.   
We stand united against gun violence America. But we need more than just prayers and moments of silence - we need action. That's why as Governor, I stood up to the to pass background checks and limit high-capacity magazines. Let's get it done nationwide. 
This morning I'll join in Des Moines to talk about the epidemic of gun violence in our country. I know we can beat the because I'm the only candidate that's done it. It's time to stop talking and start doing.  
I'm the only candidate in this race who's actually achieved the big, progressive things politicians in Washington are talking about. Like when I stood up to the and beat them - or when we passed the strongest methane rules in the country.   
A sitting Senator has never beaten an incumbent president. Governors are closer to the people. We balance budgets and we get things done      
I'm about to speak with Iowa Democrats at the annual  See you on stage in just a few minutes! 
Truly honored to stand with and my fellow Democrats for a moment of silence in honor of the victims of gun violence. When we stand together, we can overcome the hate and division to achieve a better future for all Americans. 
 It’s official, the Winnebago has now covered the entirety of Highway 20 from Dubuque to Sioux City. Next stop…
"Former Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper is known for bipartisanship. At least that’s what he thinks.And if his record while at the helm of one of America’s top economic engines is any indication, he might be right." 
 trade policy is dangerous and damaging to our economy. His tariffs-only approach to China is being paid for by American consumers. He is failing us. 
"We have to ensure that trade is fair to our workers, our entrepreneurs and our environment. But we can’t do that with walls and tariffs."
 You never know who you might run into strolling the streets of Sioux City on a beautiful August evening! 👋🏾
 is trying to distract us from the most important thing: making sure he's not reelected in 2020. We must stay focused and not get swept up in the politics of the moment.
Listen up, small business is the engine of the American economy. Leaving our farmers, entrepreneurs and small business owners in the dust will harm all of us. We can’t grow our economy while waging tariff wars.  
I'm looking forward to standing shoulder to shoulder with my fellow Democrats to call for safer gun laws. But I'll still be the only one up there who's actually beaten the 
 advocates for universal background checks.  
The fact that women's rights didn't even come up at the last debate should worry every American across the country. 
 is trying to distract us from the most important thing: making sure he's not reelected in 2020. We must stat focused and not get swept up in the politics of the moment.
Patricia, I admire your dedication and passion to fighting Alzheimers. We need folks like you standing up and speaking out to truly make change.  
Today in Council Bluffs, I met a woman who's husband was detained by I.C.E. and eventually released with no explanation. This administration is terrorizing communities across the country and we cannot stand for it anymore. 
Community Health Centers like are proving key medical services for folks living in rural America. We should be laser focused on expanding access to these kinds of facilities so that everyone has access to quality care - no matter their zip code. 
 With your history of shady deals and losing the popular vote, I wouldn’t say you’re exactly qualified to represent the US either.
America’s trade policy should not forget the interests and well-being of integral populations in our nation. Pursuing out of touch corporate interests does nothing but harm our economy and American workers.  
As a brewpub owner, I probably washed half-a-million pint glasses. Now I'm back at one of the first resturants I ever did, in Omaha and maybe I'll get wash a glass or two for old times sake. 
Thanks for having us, - and for your dedication to electing Democrats across Iowa! 
I’ll let you in on a secret: part of why CO's economy is so strong is because of trade. My state now exports over $8 billion in goods each year, resulting in 40,000 jobs. Let’s bring this type of economic growth to the national level, rather than imposing a new tariff every week.
If you build it, they will come... Don't worry, and I warmed up the  for you yesterday. 
 trade policy consists of imposing tariffs right and left. He doesn’t care that the American people are paying the bill for his reckless actions. 
"We have to ensure trade is fair to our workers, our entrepreneurs, and our environment. But we can’t do that with walls and tariffs. We need to do it with negotiations that open up the world to our products and services."
 “Without an expanding middle class democracy is at risk,” said in regards to making education affordable. ht…
Touring today made this former brewer hopped up about all the great things happening in Iowa.  in our country and it all starts in local businesses like this one. 
Trade is essential to the global economy. But tariff wars are costing every American household over $800 per year, and it could go much higher. His reckless tariffs are threatening our country on every front.
I'm in Cedar Falls, Iowa with Olivia who's the president of This stuff is what dreams are made of. 
Read my full plan here: 
Open and fair trade policies will increase growth and prosperity for our workforce. We will also provide assistance to workers preparing for jobs of the future and responding to the changes caused by global trade.
I will incorporate my bold climate change goals into our trade agreements, because we need the global community to work with us to combat climate change. Open and fair trade should not come at the expense of our environment.
Intellectual property is a key American resource – over 40 million US jobs are considered “IP-intensive.” As part of my open and fair trade policy, we will protect the IP behind these important, competitive jobs.
I will ensure the highest levels of labor ; safety standards in any trade agreement. No country we are in an agreement with will use child labor, restrict organized labor rights, enforce unsafe working conditions or gain competitive advantage by mistreating their own workers.
As President, I will protect our open ; fair trade by: ✔️Ensuring labor ; safety rights  ✔️Ensuring the protection of IP rights of US companies  ✔️Enforcing high environmental ; climate standards  ✔️Providing assistance for US workers to ensure skills ; mobility 
"Is this heaven?""This is Iowa."Checked off another bucket list item today stopping by the Field of Dreams on our drive across Iowa! 
Today we toured the Big River Resources ethanol plant in Dyersville, IA and talked about how we can produce more clean energy and create jobs in rural America.   
Unlike our current commander-in-tweet, my open ; fair trade policy goes beyond imposing a new tariff on China every week. I will enact policies that benefit US farmers, workers ; consumers–not hurt them. I’ve done it in CO ; I’m ready to do it for America.  
Trump’s latest, desperate attempt to place tariffs on an additional $300B worth of goods from China is roiling our markets and increasing costs on American consumers. This trade war can’t continue – Americans are hurting. 
This morning I published an op-ed in the where I reminded my fellow democrats that while our party's clashes over immigration make for good TV, they have the potential to reelect the worst president in the history of America.
I was saddened to hear about the passing of Toni Morrison today. She was an inspiration to all and helped us discover a deeper understanding of our common humanity. Rest in Power. 
Congratulations, on your big victory tonight. I'm glad to know you'll be using your voice to fight for all Iowans. 
My open and fair trade policy goes beyond imposing a new tariff on China whenever the wind changes direction. I’ll fight for policies that benefit American workforce. This is how we’ll build an economy that works for everyone. 
I'm heartbroken of John Ensslin's passing. He was known for his integrity ; fairness. He was direct ; courteous. Always professional, never flashy. His reputation was well-earned over many years. He cared about people and about this craft — in that order.
Trade is essential to the global economy. Not only that – it is essential to national security. reckless tariffs are threatening our country on every front.
Some of our supporters, like Emmett, are just cooler than others.....    
Good to see some GOP leaders like Ohio governor finally stepping up on gun safety and proposing background checks and red flag laws. Let's hope his colleagues in the U.S. Senate follow his lead.
 The Downtown Barrel House at 5:30 p.m. today! See you there
Had a great time chatting with this afternoon. If you're in the Quad Cities, tune in tonight for a sneak peak of our full conversation airing this weekend! 
 cares more about fighting his personal misguided battles than fighting for the American people. What he doesn’t realize is  
Being back in Iowa on the next leg of our  this week has me reflecting on the great time I had at a week or so back. 
 the United States isn’t one of your businesses – stop trying to bankrupt it. 
We are back on the Winnebago and this time we came prepared with sweets to keep us going. 
Rather than working with our allies to improve global trade agreements, is attacking the entire trading system. Wreaking havoc on US agriculture is nothing to be proud of, and is certainly not the American way. 
I love working in Iowa.  
Waging trade wars in no way strengthens our economy. The consequences of thoughtless actions are already tearing apart rural America. Another 4 years of this presidency would be a disaster for our country. 
As a former governor, I know how important down ballot races are. It's how in we passed universal background checks for gun purchases and high-capacity magazine limits in Colorado.    
 Like what? Sell them down the river?
 Like what? Sell them down the river?
I'm back in Iowa this week for the second leg of our  Today, we're making stops in Des Moines, Ladora and Davenport. Join us for a conversation about how we get America back on track.
"Of the many Democrats running for president, only one has won tougher gun laws in the aftermath of a mass shooting in his state." We cannot wait for this to happen again. We must elect a president who knows how to get the big things done. 
As Governor, I took Colorado from 40th in job creation to the  economy in America. I understand that an effective trade policy benefits every sector in our economy, including rural farmers. We must not fail the American people with thoughtless trade policy.
Walking away from trade agreements that held promises of growing our economy has been one of most harmful ; short-sighted actions. We must stop his unilateral attacks on the global trading system. The consequences will be long-lasting. 
Too many lives have been lost. But Washington hasn't done its job to combat gun violence. Take it from me: It is possible. We must  from our leaders to do what we did in Colorado. 
 is doubling down on his trade war with China and the casualties are families like the Krocaks who are fighting to save their land and their livelihoods. Tariff wars hurt rural Americans.  
I had a great time last week with and at It was a great opportunity to talk about my agenda for the Black community and Criminal Justice reform. In case you missed it... 
 is right, the mass shootings we are seeing across the country are sickening - and yet he will not actually do anything about it. To me, that goes beyond sickening - it's political malpractice.
We need more than thoughts and prayers. We must:✔️Pass universal background checks✔️Limit high-capacity magazines✔️Implement red flag laws✔️Ban assault weapons 
“I think at this point, every American should be calling their Congressional representatives and saying, ‘All right, the House passed a bill on universal background checks; why is it that the Senate hasn’t taken it up now?'"
  addressing media on the two mass shootings in Dayton, Ohio, and El Paso, Texas. “How can we be standing by…
The lack of action to address gun violence in America is unconscionable. It's time for to do his job and bring gun violence legislation up for a vote immediately. 
Like most Americans, I am fed up with all the talk and lack of action from Washington on gun safety. People are dying, and yet and their enablers are stopping commonsense gun legislation from a vote. 
In less than a minute, a mass shooter took 9 precious lives and ripped apart families. We stand with you, Dayton and victims of gun violence across America. As we mourn, we must DEMAND action from and Congress. Stop with the excuses. This must end.
I'm heartbroken by the events in Dayton last night. Words will never be enough to heal the trauma inflicted by such abject horror -  it's time for real action.
This has to stop. 
 administration continues to sabotage American farmers. From his inaction on climate change and his escalating trade war with China - it's no wonder even the most optimistic farmers are feeling nervous about the future.
ICYMI: I had a great time on this week talking about how I'm the only candidate in this race who's actually accomplished the big, bold things politicians in Washington are only talking about.
Fighting for hope, hops and a better future for all Americans. Happy  
Great editorial from which mentions how, on the debate stage, I "gamely pointed out the fact that Ms. Warren was abandoning the party’s more balanced traditions, as practiced most recently under President Barack Obama."
Had a great convo with ; from about the black community in Colorado ; how my time as a brewer ; entrepreneur gave me the drive to become a mayor, governor ; now president.
It was great to chat with Thanks for having me on, 
 At last night's debate, front-runner was the clear target of his competition asks 2020 cand…
Healthcare is a right and not a privilege, but we need a plan and vision that's going to work.
I'm looking forward to visiting Council Bluffs, Iowa, next week! Will I see you there? 
It was great to chat with from to discuss craft beer and how starting a brewpub has prepared me for the Presidency. 
 has recklessly set the stage for another nuclear arms race by withdrawing from the INF treaty. This president seems intent on making all of us less safe. 
 Check out a few highlights from  this week, including:1⃣Maya Hawke from  2⃣Kid reporter
When my fellow candidates offer free college with no way to pay for it.  In Colorado, we pioneered the successful CareerWise program, which offers high school students apprenticeships with all types of businesses, while earning college credit and a paycheck. 
Happy birthday, Colorado! On August 1, 1876, Colorado became a state. It’s been an honor to be a Colorado resident, business owner, mayor and governor and serve this wonderful state and the Coloradan people!  
When Democrats try to attack climate change by promising everyone a government job.   We did it in Colorado by passing the toughest methane restrictions in the country. 
Thank you, and for this recap of the  former governor, John Hickenlooper, was among those who advocated for reality. He understands that there are practical limits to what the federal government can do."
When my fellow candidates only talk about the solutions that I’ve actually accomplished in Colorado.  
Look what reckless tariff policy does.  
Everybody knows you actually know what small means... That ain't it. 
 "Of the 24 people that are running for president, 20 of them probably would be great presidents — I can guarantee they'd be a lo…
Thanks for having me! 
 Full interview: Gov. John talks with  about the debates, his big "wave" moment with Bernie Sanders, whether…
 
 Great to meet you too, Dustin! Thanks for your support.
From immigration to the economy, why were so many fellow Democrats attacking the administration last night? If we're not careful, we're going to this election to 
We're live on Don't miss out! 
Pour yourself a good brew and enjoy tonight’s debate! I’m looking forward to hearing my fellow candidates on the debate stage tonight.  
I’m a trained geologist, and I know a sinkhole when I see one. We can't let tariffs continue to sink rural America.Chip in $5 right now to keep me in this race. Together, we can win this election.Donate here:  
 John Dem candidate for  whose profile rose from Tuesday night debate, would be the first former 
We flipped the House last year by winning in moderate, largely suburban districts where candidates ran on pragmatic progressivism and getting things done. That’s the same approach I have, and the same approach it will take to beat 
We covered a lot of ground - healthcare and the Denver airport. Thanks for having me,
I'm just as progressive as my colleagues on the debate stage last night. But I'm pragmatic. That doesn't mean I don't go after the big things - it means I know how to get them done. Thanks for having me, 
 I'm a trained geologist, and I know a sinkhole when I see one. Your tariffs are creating a sinkhole fo…
 I'm a trained geologist, and I know a sinkhole when I see one. Your tariffs are creating a sinkhole for farmers in the Midwest. 
I don’t just throw my hands up - I roll up my sleeves ; get the job done. I have great respect for my fellow candidates ; their dedication to America, but we need a pragmatic approach that works for everyone. That's how we will defeat
  said policies like Medicare For All or the Green New Deal approach to climate change "are disasters... you migh…
I passed the big progressive policies other candidates are only talking about. Making promises we can't keep isn't the way to beat In fact, you may as well just FedEx him the election. 
Thanks for having me I am a small business entrepreneur. I started out with one brewpub in a forgotten part of Denver and grew it into 15 locations across the Midwest. We need to support and empower small businesses, particularly in rural America. 
I passed landmark regulations to tackle climate change by aggressively capping methane emissions, making. If oil pay for it in the process.
I got CO back on track - taking our state from 40th in job creation to the  economy in America according to I also pioneered the groundbreaking CareerWise apprenticeship program, which has been replicated in twelve states.
I launched a program to make  more affordable and accessible through expansion of access to long-acting reversible contraception such as IUDs, resulting in a 64% drop in abortions and 54% drop in unintended pregnancies
Colorado achieved near universal healthcareand without massive government spending by expanding Medicaid, and getting more than 93% of Coloradans covered.
I beat the getting universal background check and limits on high-capacity magazines.
I won't just throw up my hands in response to the tough challenges Americans face. I'll roll up my sleeves and bring all sides together to get the job done.
 John Hickenlooper said he thought Sen. Bernie Sanders' policies were too extreme for the White House.Sanders then threw up han…
We need to elect a candidate who can actually beat 
 "Moderates = more electable, other things held equal" is backed up by a lot of political science research.It's not set…
I'm the only candidate running who's actually done the big, progressive things Washington insiders are just talking about. 
Trade Wars ARE for losers. American families are paying the price for disastrous policies. 
Talking with about we can beat and rebuild America. 
 John Hickenlooper says tariffs are not the solution: "There's not an a single example in history where a trade war had a w…
 John Hickenlooper tells "These big, massive expansions of government aren't going to sell in places like Michigan…
I wish we had spent more time tonight discussing economic inequality. As Governor, I took Colorado from 40th in job creation to the  economy in the country. 
We can't raise taxes on the middle class and kick 180 million Americans off their healthcare. I'm a geologist and I know a sinkhole when I see one. 
I'm as progressive as everyone else on the stage, but I'm pragmatic and I actually have a track record of getting the big stuff done. 
  “You might as well FedEx the election to Donald Trump. I think we have to focus on where Donald Trump is fa…
Trade wars are for losers. 
I know how to collaborate. And I know how to get stuff done. As president, we will work hard to fight the threat of climate change.
I spearheaded an initiative to install electric vehicle charging stations across western states.
I worked with both Democratic and Republican mayors to build clean transportation options for all of metro-Denver.
In Colorado, we got the environmental community and the fossil fuel industry to sit down and actually pass the first and toughest methane regulations in the nation.
We are dangerously close to irreversible climate damage. As the only scientist in this presidential race, I understand the gravity of our situation and the monumental effort it will take tackle climate change, nationally and globally. 
When I was Mayor, we passed police reform 10 years before Ferguson.
As Governor, I didn't just talk about plans or throw my hands up - I got the tough stuff done. 
Everyone else talks about gun control. I am the only one on this stage who has beat the NRA. 
Colorado must serve as a model for how the nation will address gun reform. We cannot wait for another tragedy to take action. We must act now.
I beat the NRA. It’s time for a leader for who knows how to get stuff done, instead of just talking about it.
Passing this legislation was not universally popular in Colorado. But we put aside our political ambition to do what was right. Innocent lives are worth more than keeping political offices.
We worked to pass universal background checks and banned high-capacity magazines.
I know firsthand the devastation ; destruction of gun violence. The tragic mass shooting at the Aurora movie theater happened in my first term as governor. After this tragedy, I said enough is enough.
I agree we need secure borders. The frustration is that Washington is kicking the ball back and forth. 
Especially when there is 173 years of Washington experience on the stage they still haven't gotten the job done. 
On this stage, we have 173 years of experience in Washington and we still have not gotten the job done.
It comes back to Americans being used to having choices. We must propose a public option that allows some form of Medicare without restricting their right to choose.  
In Colorado, we actually did what everyone else is talking about. We got to near universal healthcare coverage without expanding expensive government programs.
We need an evolution, not a revolution. 
Last year, Democrats flipped 40 Republican seats in the House, and not one of those 40 Democrats shared the agendas of the Senators at center stage.  
 Eight months later, signed bills into law that required background checks for private s…
And we can do it across the country   
I share progressive values, but I’m a little more pragmatic. 
 
And we're off! I'm glad to have Robin with me as we head to the second debate. I'm looking forward to sharing with the American people how we can get our country back on track.  
I'm focused on being honest and direct with the American people.  
We need to increase hospital transparency and have a public healthcare option that forces private insurance to compete with an effective plan.  
Thanks for having me I look forward to discussing my progressive and pragmatic plans for America with my colleagues on stage tonight.  
I'm about to go live on to talk about tonight's  Tune in to to catch it all. 
The Hick Fam put together a video to wish Governor Hickenlooper good luck on the debate stage tonight in Detroit. Show your support and comment “Giddy up!” to cheer on Governor Hickenlooper!     
 Tomorrow: Live from Detroit I sit down w former Denver Mayor/Colorado governor ahead of the democratic deba…
Thanks for coming out to cheer me on, Let's keep fighting to end gun violence across the country. Together we can get it done.    
 Congratulations to who correctly guessed this week's guest is 2020 candidate ; Former…
In just a few hours, I will take the stage  As the only candidate who's run a business, a city and a state, I'm looking forward to making my case to the American people.
"I'll do this by bringing together government, the private sector and nonprofits to support and build local solutions for local challenges."
"I will empower local authorities and residents to take action to create and sustain vibrant local economies where Americans of all ages want to live, work and raise their families."
"We need a rural agenda that builds on the distinctive assets of each community and addresses challenges at the local level rather than imposing one-size-fits-all strategies," Hickenlooper wrote.
 has some big ideas that have an even bigger cost. We proved in Colorado that you don't need big, expensive government programs to achieve progressive goals. Let’s talk about it tomorrow night. 
I'm heartbroken to hear of another mass shooting - this time with a victim as young as six. Yet another assault weapon and still no leadership in Washington.
As President we will get out of the way and allow states to legalize weed.  We will reverse Trump’s refusal to allow federal studies on the impacts of marijuana for reducing opioid addiction and a treating illnesses like cancer.
History will judge harshly a society that once locked up millions of people - mostly young men of color - for possessing small amounts of marijuana.
Colorado led the nation on this issue because no-one should become a felon, lose their job or even go to jail over a joint.
We have to stop ruining young lives because of punitive and outdated federal marijuana laws.  I was the first Governor in America to implement fully legalized medical and recreational marijuana.
Last night I addressed and reaffirmed my commitment to expanding  rights. While the Trump administration does everything they can to erase gay and trans* people, I want you to know: I see you, I hear you and I'll never stop fighting for you. 
When I was Gov of CO, I put resources into expanding access to rural broadband, keeping rural hospitals open and providing skills training so everyone had equal access to opportunity. I'm ready to do the same for our country as President.
Caught you on  I know good marketing when I see it, so kudos for shifting the national debate far left when most Americans are in the middle. But don't take away insurance from 180M people. Instead, expand the public option ; reduce costs. 
We need a President who has real solutions to address health coverage. I got the job done in Colorado and we can get it done for every American. 
"Independent experts estimate that more than one-half of the roughly 30 million uninsured people in the country are eligible for health insurance through existing programs."
"Government surveys show that about 90% of the population has coverage , largely preserving gains from President Barack Obama’s years."
"The politicians are depicting a system in meltdown. The numbers point to a different story, not as dire and more nuanced."
I don't speak eight languages like but I do understand Finnish! On gun safety, health care, climate change, police reforms and reproductive rights, we got the job done in Colorado.
We need a President with record of winning these hard fights.  When I am elected President we will bring this program national and fight to protect Roe v. Wade with everything we’ve got.
As a result – the teen abortion rate dropped 64%!  Teen pregnancy dropped by 54%! We even saved nearly 70 million dollars!  The Republican hypocrites who oppose abortion actually fought us!
As Governor of Colorado we expanded women’s choices. Full Stop.  We made long acting contraception free to any women who wanted it.
 Supreme Court Justices are eagerly waiting to uphold these horrible laws.
Let’s be clear: The Trump Administration wants Roe v. Wade gone.  Republicans are passing state laws that go as far as punishing women and prosecuting doctors who help women exercise their right to choose.
 Loving this -  is ranked 13 for Talent Concentration.  Nice work for your leadership in tu…
Medicare For All punishes working families who secured quality health care they like and would be forced into a government program they don’t like. As President, we’ll take on Big Pharma and give Americans more healthcare options not fewer. Healthcare is a right.
I have a plan to cover 100% of Americans by bringing that same innovation nationwide and guaranteeing every American who wants it – a public health care option.
I’ve been fighting for universal and affordable health care since college when I led an effort to open local low cost health clinics. As Governor of Colorado we built one of the most innovative health exchanges in the country and covered 95 percent of our citizens.
After the Aurora theater shooting, I knew that thoughts and prayers simply weren't enough. The next legislative session, I signed background checks and high-capacity magazine limits into law. We got it done in CO ; can do it across the country. 
The Supreme Court’s flawed decision today further erodes the checks on nativist agenda. Building a border wall is costly, stupid and will do nothing to improve border security.
If you want to bring these laws coast to coast to protect schools, places of worship and movie theaters in your community than elect someone who says enough is enough and actually gets it done. Take action now.
Now Colorado has universal background checks, limits on high capacity magazines and a ban on domestic abusers buying guns.
As Governor I led the fight for tough new gun laws and eight months later they were law.  The NRA thought they could stop us in a purple state - and boy did they fight us ferociously but we refused to back down.
I’m sick of it. After 70 people were shot including 12 killed in a movie theatre here in Colorado, I went to the funerals and knew thoughts and prayers would never be sufficient again.
We have hundreds of mass shootings a year, but Washington politicians have thrown up their hands ; surrendered to the
Fresh off our Iowa  tour,  I'm reflecting on some of my favorite moments - like this one when I met who chairs the Monroe County Dems. Thanks for your dedication to our party and for making Iowa feel like home.  
I can’t drive and do Facebook live like but I do know how to DRIVE big, progressive initiatives that others only talk about: universal background checks, expanded reproductive rights, emissions caps, and expanded healthcare. 
BREAKING: A new poll shows us tied with Beto O'Rourke and Cory Booker! You helped us get here - and we can't stop now. Donate $5 and help us keep up the momentum. 
"BREAKING: Hickenlooper polling at 2%"You did this. This campaign is gaining serious momentum and we're just getting started.  
In the 1st debate rightly pointed out that women have led the fight for reproductive rights ; I'm proud of our record in Colorado where we expanded ; protected reproductive rights unlike many other states. Look forward to sharing the stage w/her. 
This morning I had the opportunity to tour the community college health services center. Building up rural America starts with ensuring our young people have access to a quality education that leads to a big paying job. 
Day 4 of my Winnebago tour across Iowa has been a great success! I toured Indian Hills Community College and left feeling very encouraged by their rural health education center where they’re training healthcare providers who will serve Iowa and beyond! 
I'm the first brewer elected governor since Samuel Adams. And with your help, I'll be the first brewer elected president. Chip in $5 today - the cost of one beer - and be sure to share this video with your friends and family:  
Thanks for crafting this wonderful article It's time to make America brew again! 
 Kenny VandenBerg of Chariton Valley Electric Cooperative met with presidential candidate recently.Governo…
Thanks for a great night last night, Centerville. During our  tour across Iowa this week, I met with teachers, small business owners, students ; union members. At every stop folks told me they want a president who can get the big things done - ; that's why I'm running. 
See pictures from the campaign trail! 
Thanks so much for having me! 
  Investigative team with presidential candidate John  
“The last couple of hills are steep hills, but if you’ve got a hill coming at you, you get a little speed,” Hickenlooper said. “And just like life, you get a little speed up and then you just power through.” 
 .  
Meet Moira. She's the latest Iowan to join  and is very excited to be a future voter. 
 I'm running for president because we deserve better - we deserve a president we can be proud of.
The president should be loyal to their country. has shown time ; time again that he is only loyal to his interests.
The Mueller investigation found: 37 indictments, 7 convictions or guilty pleas, 10 possible instances of obstruction ; lying to investigators about over 100 secret meetings with Russians.
Greg Koch of is right: We need a president whose only ties to Moscow are Imperial Russian Stouts. Thanks for brewing up a great story,
Next stop on our Winnebago tour: Saint's Rest Coffee in Grinnell. We are fired up and ready to go!  
We are on the way to our next stop on the Winnebago tour here in Grinnell, Iowa!  
 The video also features a few cameos from familiar faces in craft beer. 
Both and I were in business before we got into politics but, compared to his business, opening brew pubs was a lot more fun. Being a small business owner helped inform my leadership as the Mayor of Denver and Governor of Colorado. 
What a night. Thanks so much for having me! "I roamed and rambled and I followed my footsteps;To the sparkling sands of her diamond deserts;And all around me , a voice was sounding:This land was made for you and me" 
I'm spending today in Grinnell, Albia and Centerville, Iowa talking about my plan to build up America's rural economy. You can read my full plan here: 
I will expand the Rural Development program so that we can deploy staff “on the ground”, provide guidance on grant and loan applications, help build public-private partnerships, and cut through red tape so communities get what they need and how they work.
As president, I will end the tariff wars and create rural economic opportunity zones so that entrepreneurs and businesses have tax relief in distressed rural areas.
I'm focused on prioritizing funding for rural broadband so that every community has access to reliable high-speed internet.
 And they say you’re moderate.
What a treat to address the biggest crowd in Iowa of any 2020 Dem yet - and to play for them to boot 
Hey loved your book. I hear you prefer regular "This is incorrect." Flavor Blasted Goldfish have more protein and less fat. W 
At the debate on July 30th, will be at the opposite end of me on stage but I’ll be listening closely for his plans to rebuild the middle-class. He can learn a lot from what we did in Colorado. 
 Hickenlooper in Iowa: Affordable College, Apprenticeships and Skills Training: 
 just stopped by our booth signed our petition and signed a bike jersey for us! Only candida…
"As a businessman, I learned something that never figured out: It isn't about how many times you yell, 'You're fired,' but instead, how many times you say, 'You're hired.'" Read my op-ed in
We are back at   in Indianola, Iowa after a successful  We're looking forward to seeing everyone tonight at the main stage to watch bring down the house. 
 Peak Iowa: Presidential candidate mingles with Iowans on the  route.  
 “All [his] achievements should set apart... While the legislators mostly debate ; talk about things they co…
Thank you, Rob Denson and your amazing team for giving me a tour of your campus today. Every American deserves access to a high quality, accessible and affordable education. That's why I'm running for president.  
And we're off! Thanks to everyone who joined me to ride in  
We don't have rest days on the campaign either! I'm looking forward to hitting the trail at  today. 🚴‍♂️ 
Every American deserves access to an education that leads to a good paying job. That's why as president I will make community college free to all Americans - young and old - who can't afford it.Read more about my plan here: 
Always a pleasure being in  I enjoyed my time tonight with a great group of folks at Thanks for having me! 
Had a great time at  Talked about my vision for an economy that works for everyone - like we did in Colorado -  economy in the country for the last three years. 
We need a president who knows how to create balanced budgets and balanced beers.Chip in $5 today:  
 Hey I'm running for president on our economic success in Colorado. Can I count on your support?
 Hey I'm running for president on our economic success in Colorado. Can I count on your support?
A majority of Americans agree that eliminating private insurance and throwing 180 million people off their plans isn’t the way forward. We achieved near universal coverage in Colorado without eliminating private insurance. It can be done. Let's do it for America. 
Excited about debating my friend and fellow Western state governor in Detroit. His state is a lot bigger than mine, but Colorado is the fastest-growing economy in the country for three years in a row according to 
89% of Americans agree we need background checks for gun purchases. I beat the and passed universal background checks in Colorado. Unlike Washington politicians, I know how to get big things done. 
Immigrants are a boon to our economy. They’ve helped create jobs all over America for everyone. We need comprehensive immigration reform to fix our broken system and secure the borders. We CAN have both. 
Our team put together a video with a few highlights from my time in Iowa last week! I'm on my way back today today for  and couldn't be more thrilled to be joining thousands of my fellow cyclists.  
 Democratic presidential candidate John says “racist statements can’t go unanswered” reacting Pres. Trump's rally…
 Our town hall event with presidential candidate is tomorrow at 6 PM! There will be a speech, Q;A session, ; me…
It was a distinct honor to spend yesterday with ; the in Detroit. I'm the only candidate in this race that's managed to expand access to voting for everyone by passing same day voter registration in my home state. Now its time to do that for every American. 
Look forward to sharing the stage w/ in Detroit. She’s a best-selling author (wish my book did as well) but I’ve run a business, a city ; a state ; did many of the big progressive things most other candidates just talk about.  
“I'm the one person who's actually done what everyone else is talking about, that we got to near universal healthcare coverage, we got the methane regulations completed by getting environmentalists and oil and gas industry to work together. All those things get traction,” 
Direct foreign investment in the United States is in decline thanks to Trump's trade war. Trump is harming our relations around the world and his trade antics won't stop. We must defeat him in 2020.
We need to follow your example in everything we do and bring this can-do spirit back to the government.   
🚨🚨🚨Hey Dems, 🚨🚨🚨round 2 is coming up but why wait? I’ll tweet something to one of you every day with the hashtag 
I was lucky enough to sit next to on my flight to Detroit today! We had a great chat about the  
I'm glad I had the chance to speak to the Congressional Black Caucus about how we can expand voting rights this morning. It was especially good to see my old friend, 
  when asked about  offers two solutions: Allow  to negotiate ; increase transparency.…
While the memory of that day will forever be seared into my mind, it prompted Colorado to beat the NRA and pass universal background checks and limits on the size of gun magazines. We honor the victims with our memories and our actions.
Seven years ago today, 12 people were killed and 58 others were injured at a shooting in an Aurora, Colorado movie theater, one of the worst mass shootings in American history.
Last week, I met with of He told me he would be writing a column about Willa Cather's book, "My Antonia." The column appeared today and it's a beauty. Thanks for reminding us that diversity has always been America's strength.
Thanks, for having me on your show to talk about how we can implement the big, bold policies everyone else in the race is just talking about.  
I'm thrilled to be cycling in  in Iowa next week. Thanks for having me on your podcast, I enjoyed talking bikes, beers and and music. 
Did anyone catch us live on Thanks for having me on  to discuss how we can get Washington back on track. 
I've been underestimated my entire career and learned early on to never give up. I'm in this race because I'm the only one who's actually accomplished the big, bold policies politicians in Washington are just talking about. 
This race is still wide open. As I like to say, "slow and steady wins the race." Thanks for having me on to share how together, we can build a country that works for everyone. 
Highlight of the day so far: hanging out with  
Cracking jokes backstage at with Tune in - we'll be live in 10 minutes! 
Robin and I are backstage at Tune in today to hear me share my vision for America. 
"Whenever you see such a stark contrast between people doing the same jobs and getting paid much different salaries, the logical conclusion is that we need to be able to level that playing field."Thanks for having me, and
I'm on my way to this morning and I'm thrilled to be joining the club of guests who have the opportunity to sit down with these dynamic women. Tune in at 11 a.m. EST. 
The debate line up is set. It's time for all candidates to tell the American people what progressive things they've actually accomplished, not just talked about. 
Nothing beats walking out of an interview at and running into a friend and former intern. Kacey worked in my office during my first term as Mayor and I couldn't be more proud of all she's accomplished since! 
I just wrapped up a conversation with on how we can get our nation back on track and elect a president Americans can be proud of. Thanks for taking the time to talk with me - and for recommending some good books.  
 Former Colorado governor John Hickenlooper  will stop by Saint's Rest Coffee shop (917 Broad Street) in Grinnel…
Thank you, for loaning us this amazing table for our volunteers! If you want to join us for a volunteer shift let us know here:  
Thank you so much to the this group of brilliant, young debaters for a great time in Hanover, NH yesterday! I need your help to get onto the debate stage in the fall. Will you chip in $5 to help me get there?  
I'm proud to be the candidate in this race who has actually achieved the big policy ideas politicians in Washington have been talking about for years.
Thank you, Chuck, Duncan and Chris from for showing this banjo player from out west your amazing shop today! 
 Great to see you this morning! Loved dropping by the
Thank you, editorial board, for sitting down with me this week and asking the important questions that matter in New Hampshire and all across our country. And to everyone in New Hampshire, let's get stuff done. 
Glad the and gave a shout to my friend, I agree with her: "A more responsible capitalism is necessary for growth. We need to redivide the pie and grow the pie. I am a ‘pro-growth Democrat.’" 
 Thank you very much for having me!
 Today popped into our studios to talk about his campaign- listen to the full interview here: 
Justice Stevens was a reminder of what the best of America looks like. His voice and his love of this nation will be dearly missed. 
We're taping this morning with Thanks for bringing me on to share the story of how I went from a small business owner to governor - and now presidential candidate. I'm glad I got to share how in CO, we overcame political polarization and got things done.
Thank you, for having me on this morning to share how I passed the big, bold policies politicians in Washington are just talking about.  
 has a big day lined up in NH! We'll be in Manchester, Hanover and Laconia talking about skills training, opioids, climate change and health care with college students and voters.
 my favorite candidate. Would make a great president! 
"In Colorado, we did all the hard stuff that Washington hasn’t been able to get done, I look around at everyone running for president, ; I think they all almost are more traditional politicians than I am. I’m the only one who’s actually done what everyone else is talking about." 
In Keene, NH I stopped in to visit my cousin Maysie Ballantine at Odelay on Main Street. Beautiful town. Beautiful people.  
I'm glad we had a chance to talk about how we can expand opportunities for all kids!  
 Thank you is SO needed. When I worked at the White House, everyday we would receive reports on DDOS attack…
 I've been an underdog my entire career and has covered much of it!…
 I've been an underdog my entire career and has covered much of it! I'm committed to this race because I know the American people deserve a President who will never give up and always keep fighting for what's right. 
 JUST ANNOUNCED: Presidential candidate will be at Fox Brewing on Monday, July 22nd for a town hall event.Doo…
Cybersecurity must be a primary function of our government. While the current administration obsesses over border walls, I'm focused on cyber firewalls so we can keep all Americans safe from the cyber attacks happening in our country every single day. 
I'm glad I had a chance to see my brother Sydney this morning at our family home in Sandwich, New Hampshire on Squam Lake. Anyone else like his shirt?  
Americans reject "fix" for our immigration crisis: families separated, no solution for Dreamers, ; an assault on due process. A Hickenlooper admin will work with Congress to pass reform ; preserve dreams of those seeking a better life.
I've been underestimated my entire career - but I know slow and steady wins the race. That's how as governor I managed to push over the finish line the big, bold policies politicians in Washington are just talking about. Chip in now:  
America made it to the moon because we came together to accomplish something bigger than ourselves. We can again accomplish big, bold things like solving climate change and curbing gun violence. We just need to elect someone who knows how to bring people together. 
We are on the ground in Manchester and ready to get to work! I'm glad to be back in New Hampshire even if it's just for a couple days. It's a special place for me - my family has had a home here for generations. I'm looking forward to seeing everyone on the trail this week. 
 So does this mean you admit you're putting kids in cages?
 So does this mean you admit you're putting kids in cages?
 had a great time in  this weekend. Check out some of our favorite moments here. Now off to the great Granite State, and back with our Buckeyes next weekend.  
HUGE thanks to for inviting me to Des Moines to share my vision for America. I'm proud to be the only candidate in this race who's actually achieved the progressive polices folks in Washington are just talking about. Will you join us?  
 racist and xenophobic comments this week are beneath the dignity of the presidency. I'm glad to see the House taking swift action to condemn his hateful rhetoric. 
I'm the only candidate in this race who has run a business, run a city and run a state. I'm proud of my record passing the progressive policies politicians in Washington are just talking about. Will you help fuel our movement by chipping in now? 
America is not a country where we tell people to go back to where they came from - we are a nation of immigrants. Thank you,  for taking the time talk with me about how we can fix our broken immigration system and make America an even more welcoming nation. 
We must be laser-focused on rebuilding our immigration system and securing our borders in a smart, humane, and effective way.
The Trump administration’s defunding of Northern Triangle Countries will contribute to the growing backlog of asylum requests and the grim pictures we keep seeing of the humanitarian crisis on the southern border.
These raids are diverting resources from actual threats to community and national security.
 raids on families are creating widespread fear in some cities and making us all less safe.
"Hickenlooper has his record and his argument for pragmatism. Somewhat paradoxically, this makes him an idealist for pragmatism, a quixotic proponent of slaying real dragons instead of chasing windmills"Who's ready to slay dragons ; rebuild our country?
"'I can also guarantee that we will bring honesty and common decency back to the White House and we will restore America's role as the leader of the free world,' said Hickenlooper."Together, we can again have a leader who makes America proud.
Thank you so much, I'm proud of my record standing up to the NRA and passing background checks in CO. Now, I'm running for president because we need to make sure every gun purchase in America includes a background check. Period. 
 Thanks for the shoutout, Kayla!
Thank you, for your dedication to ending gun violence in America. I'm so grateful to have had the chance to visit with you today at the Progress Iowa Corn Feed! 
Given the disastrously incoherent foreign policy of it's remarkable that "never-Trumpers" in national security circles are considering embracing him. Access to power over principle? 
This makes me sick. continues to divide the country and is now attacking women of color serving in Congress. Shame on him. Real leaders bring us together, not tear us apart. 
I'm the only candidate running for president who has achived the big, positive change everyone in Washington is just talking about. Together, we can bring everyone in America along too.  
Thanks for spending time with me today! When I was governor, CO more than doubled the number of wind turbines, providing income for ranchers while boosting renewable energy production. If we can do it in CO, we can do it everywhere. Will you join me?  
ICYMI: I'm thrilled to have join the team as our new Communications Director. He's done great work and we're lucky to have him! Welcome aboard, Peter. 
 If thinks is going to win in Colorado he's in for a big surprise. CO voters are thoughtful, pragmatic and ready to show Trump the door.
What an excellent afternoon with talking about how together we will restore honesty and common decency to the White House. Will you join me?  
Last week The published the article "17 words only a true Iowan knows how to pronounce." I've been spending a lot of time in Iowa so I figured I'd give it a shot... How'd I do? 
 is in CO this weekend. I guess no one told him can't turn it red. CO is increasingly blue thanks to bold action on health care, climate ; the economy, which is No. 1 in America. What we did is a model for the country.
Is there a better way to kick off the morning in Iowa than a team selfie in front of a covered bridge?  
Our teachers shouldn't have to put their life on the line to keep their classrooms safe. While I salute the bravery of these educators, Washington must take action on gun safety so this never happens again.
Thanks for having me on your show, I'm proud of all we've accomplished in Colorado and I'm ready to get to work building a brighter future for all Americans. 
"You know, of all these people running, I'm kind of the person who's done the most implementation of big, progressive plans." Who's ready to get to work?
This campaign is powered by people, not PACs. Can you donate now to keep us on the debate stage?  
Thanks, for having me on your podcast in Des Moines to talk about and for the RAGBRAI themed beer! Who's going to be out there riding with us later this month? 🚴 
 reckless foreign policy is a threat to our national security.
"Despite latest fabrications, under his administration we have seen devastating roll-backs on critical protections for the environment and actions to address climate change." Check out my op ed in the 
I've been underestimated my entire career. When I opened a brewpub in a forgotten corner of  nobody thought we could do it - but we did. When I ran for Mayor, and then Governor, everyone told me I would lose - but we won. Let's do it again in 2020. 
 Next week on ; Hot Topics and more 
 2020 Watch-New:  learns that Democratic presidential candidate ; fmr. Colorado Gov  ret…
We are facing a gun violence epidemic in this nation. Families are living in fear. In Colorado, we passed universal background checks and high magazine limits. It’s time for the country to do so as well.
Today in Chicago we heard from families impacted by gun violence: ⁣⁣A small child who saw his father get shot. A young woman shot at while waiting for the bus. A father at a park with his daughter, hiding under the bench in the middle of gun fire. 
 New from He's cycling. RAGBRAI to get at least one presidential candidate rider out on their trail this m…
With such an "unreliable partner" in the White House, the cash is running out and nothing is getting done. Grateful for the leadership of to contain Team Trump.
Hey if the big question for 2020 Democrats is “What did you do at home?” I sure have a lot to tell you about Denver and Colorado! From guns to climate change to police accountability, others talk but we got it done.
Raising the minimum wage is an important part of our broader agenda to ensure that all working Americans - not just Trump’s favored few - achieve a decent standard of living. Fairness, integrity and opportunity.
As a leader, you can’t promise to rebuild things the way they were. You need to promise to rebuild them better than before. And then you need to actually do it. 
The Republican plan to privatize Medicaid has failed to achieve promised savings and deprived Iowans of critical services. In CO, we expanded Medicaid effectively and compassionately, while strengthening the economy. We owe Iowans, and all Americans, a Medicaid system that works. 
Trump will hear the voice of his critics - the American people - in full measure at the ballot box on November 3, 2020.  
 puts partisan politics over voters to no end, like when he committed to do everything in his power to stop Barack Obama. In my opinion, that bordered on treason.Let’s go You’ve got this. 
 Thanks for sharing. Since you published, we've already met our goal and we are on track to do more. The race is…
 Thanks for sharing. Since you published, we've already met our goal and we are on track to do more. The race is wide open. 
"I believe that not only can I beat Donald Trump, but that I am the person that can bring people together on the other side and actually get stuff done."Join us. 
Latest disturbing example of rampant corruption and ethical failures in the Trump administration.
If Trump gets his way, millions of Americans will lose healthcare, and insurance companies can exclude again for pre-existing conditions. In Colorado, we achieved near-universal healthcare and fought for consumers. Stakes are high in 2020.
Neil Westergaard was honest and fair - he called ‘em as he saw ‘em. For years we set aside serious politics for the Gridiron Show, where his guitar chops fueled the Hick-Tones to mangle the lyrics of a pop hit with parody and humor. He was invariably kind and funny. 
 "We have to recognize that chronic diseases are a big part of why our health care costs are so high in this country. We…
 "I don’t think realistically we’re going to be able to take away health insurance, private insurance from 180 million Am…
  is asked about gridlock in Washington. He mentions Mitch McConnell."I’ll be blunt. When he said after B…
  says his goal as governor of Colorado was to "become the most pro-business state in America but with the…
  is describing his time as mayor of Denver, including when a police officer shot an African American boy.…
 is rolling back environmental regulations and harming humans and our planet, yet trying to convince us that he's doing the exact opposite. Today was a sham.We must get him out of office and attack climate change. Both are enormous threats to the US and world. 
Join us shortly (4pm CT/5pm ET) for my conversation with the 
30 minutes in to a speech on the environment and and others have yet to speak the words “climate change.” And now is up. This is quite a show.
A clean environment means jobs. Don't let our president tell you otherwise.
If wants a model for safeguarding the environment and growing the economy, he should look to CO. We engaged our energy and environmental communities to pass the nation's first methane emission regulations. And we have the  economy in the US, 3 years in a row.
 is in full retreat from the truth in glossing over his abysmal record on the environment (gutting the Clean Power Plan, endangering our air and water, denying climate change, rolling back methane protections).
President Trump is wrong: American companies did not want him to pull the United States out of the Paris Climate Accords. They want back in.
President Trump must know that we can only get to “crystal clean water” if we keep working toward it, not rolling back water regulations that are critical to our nation’s health.
Our closest ally’s description of the Trump administration is sadly accurate. Trump is the one who should be apologizing for dividing us from our friends and allies around the world.
What is going on at the Clint border patrol facility is a moral outrage. Trump’s approach to immigration has been inhumane and counterproductive; our borders are less secure and our nation’s moral standing is diminished. 
 has denied climate change, our gravest threat, and under his pollutant-friendly policies, the air millions of us breathe has become less safe. In CO, we made record progress on climate change. Time to cancel Trump’s non-reality show. 
 First Q to in Creston is on the environment. He says climate change is the “gravest threat we face.” He adds “…
“How do we get moderates back in vogue?”⁣⁣⁣⁣A great question from Kim!⁣⁣⁣This is how: Go now to  and give $1. Then tell your friends to do the same. Let’s save this country from our crisis of division — together. 
 reckless withdrawal from the multilateral Iran agreement and incoherence on the global stage have made us less safe. We need to rejoin the nuclear deal and rebuild coalitions to address the broader threat of Iran.
First stop in Iowa: milkshakes with the team at Snookies. Now off to Perry. Looking forward to a fun couple of days in this great state. 
 - What a victory, and what a journey. You will go down in history.I’d say it’s past time to pay our world champions equally... or more.
 Enjoy this lovely Sunday and then come join us tomorrow night, when we bring Governor John to our neighborhood!…
Let’s go We couldn’t be prouder. Thank you for inspiring us.  Time to bring it home.  
I'm a small business owner who brought that same scrappy spirit to make Colorado one of the most progressive states in America.⁣⁣I know we can do big progressive things without big government. Because we've done exactly that. 
Behind the scenes at today. Something special coming at you soon... stay tuned! 
Great morning in Brush, CO with Robin. We love a good  Happy Fourth! 
Happy Fourth of July from Julien and the rest of Team Hick! 
In Denver, 10 years before Ferguson, we made sure that police were held accountable for their actions. Now, 5 years after Ferguson, we should all be asking why this isn’t happening everywhere. I know it can be done, because we did it.⁣⁣ 
 “These are the highest stakes imaginable. Nuclear weapons, nuclear proliferation. And they shouldn’t be negotiated by tweet…
My life motto. Spread the word. 
Thank you to everyone who has helped us get this far.We've got an important deadline tomorrow night. Can you chip in $5 today to make sure we close out this quarter as strong as possible? 
 Today, w/ we requested entry into the  c…
 
 
 A young man died and dozens more were tear gassed for exercising their right to free speech—protesting the ki…
 A young man died and dozens more were tear gassed for exercising their right to free speech—protesting the killing of an unarmed man. Sadly, Michael Brown’s death is the farthest thing from a conspiracy. It’s the reality for thousands of people of color across this country.
 Careful Ann, your racism is showing.
 Careful Ann, your racism is showing.
 
  tells after  "If we don't draw a clear line and say we're not socialists, the Republican…
  closed by recapping his record as Colorado Governor. He said, “you don’t need big government to do big th…
What a night. Thanks for tuning in.  Can you chip in to help us continue to get our message out?:  
 Not a gaffe. A fact. 
  
 One month ago, Gov. from Colorado joined us in Newtown to hear from our community on gun violence preventi…
 Ok hickenlooper said it right. Our government IS KIDNAPPING CHILDREN. Full stop 
As a scientist, thought I would jump in here. 
Some more on immigration. 
I’m interviewing to be your next president, and I want you to know where I stand on criminal justice reform.⁣⁣⁣⁣It's not too late to tune in.⁣⁣⁣⁣  
 "I think the real question is why after 5 years after Ferguson every community dose'nt have police accountability"
  says the Trump administration's immigration policies are "unbelievable" and amount to kidnapping  ht…
 "Tenemos que asegurarnos que ICE sea reformado para que brinden el servicio humanitario que hace falta en la frontera"
  
  
 q on immigration "If you had told me at any time in my life that this country would sanction federal agents…
Healthcare and Reproductive Rights. 
  with the first mention of reproductive rights in  He notes that under his leadership Colorado became…
 Credit where it's due. 
 Credit where it's due. 
 For more on what said ... Colorado's IUD program helped dropped the teen birth rate by 54% ; abortions by 64…
Giddy Up! 
 Get to know 
 Re-upping my profile of from March in advance of him appearing on the 2nd night of Democratic debates in M…
Tune in @ 9 pm ET. 
 Watch tonight in the  It's FREE! Streaming on the app on or…
 Gov. John says being face blind has made him a better politician, wants to know how the other candidates pla…
I’m interviewing to be your next president, and I want you to know where I stand on gun control.⁣⁣⁣⁣See you tonight.⁣⁣⁣⁣  
 
I’m interviewing to be your next president, and I want you to know where I stand on climate change.⁣⁣⁣⁣See you tonight.⁣⁣⁣⁣  
Join me at 12 pm ET for my AMA on r/politics 
 
Voters should choose their representatives, not the other way around. Coloradans overwhelming supported and passed amendments to create an independent commission to draw political boundaries. Today's  decision does not reflect the true spirit of American democracy.
I’m interviewing to be your next president, and I want you to know where I stand on healthcare.See you tonight.  
 
Congratulations to all the candidates who stood up tonight and spoke up for what they believe in. Makes me proud to be a Democrat.   See you tomorrow!
I’m interviewing to be your next president, and I want you to know where I stand on the federal minimum wage.See you tomorrow.  
 Last time, we elected the most famous candidate. Let’s try something new.
 Last time, we elected the most famous candidate. Let’s try something new.
 
 Watch former Colorado Governor John join and to share his thoughts on bipartisanship ahea…
 Coming up on  live from Miami:
 Coming up on 2020 Presidential Candidates and John join and live from Mia…
 Former Colorado Gov. dad was friends with Kurt Vonnegut, who once gave him some advice that came to guide…
I’m interviewing to be your next president, and I want you to know where I stand on immigration.See you tomorrow.  
 “I’m going to try and really communicate who I am… I think I’m the only person up there who… [has] actually done what other people…
🍻 
 Exciting game yesterday and can’t wait to tune in to the quarters on Friday.Couldn’t be prouder of these incredible athletes for their grit both on the field and off. we stand tall with you in your fight for 
Exciting game yesterday and can’t wait to tune in to the quarters on Friday! Couldn’t be prouder of these incredible athletes for their grit both on the field and off. We stand tall with them in their fight for  
Colorado was the first purple state to beat the and enact meaningful gun safety legislation. It's time to tackle this heartbreaking epidemic at the national level.Read my plan here: 
A woman’s right to control her own healthcare is fundamental and inalienable. Thank you for providing candidates with a platform to speak on this issue this weekend, and for giving advocates the opportunity to ask us important, meaningful questions. 
The week has arrived. We’re excited - are you?       Giddy up! 
Pictured here: two of the only brewers elected governor in American history.Chip in to help this brewer turned governor turn President:  
 Thanks to my candidate of the week, for joining me tonight. 
 2020 Presidential Candidate John tells why he thinks socialism is not a winning general election me…
 Governor has been a long-standing advocate for Planned Parenthood and has worked to help reduce unintended pr…
 Thank you for the snack and for the assist.
 Thank you for the snack and for the assist.
 THANK YOU, Gov. for being the 10th presidential candidate to endorse  plan for  
 Unfiltered is live at 6p ET on Joining to talk 2020 politics is Presidential Candidate as we…
 It’s time to get on the  again! Caught Gov. ; he shared about his work to address all dementia t…
  calls for factual, evidence-based reproductive health care for all people  
Join us live in just a few moments! 
My mom - widowed twice by age 40, left a single mother of 4 - couldn't afford much, yet donated to the same three groups year after year. One of those was was a true honor to join them today, and to meet the incredible 
I’m speechless. This isn’t only a crisis at our border; it’s a national crisis of humanity. How we treat our children (yes, OUR children- any child who is in this nation) is a reflection on our integrity and dignity. We can’t let our president dehumanize them. 
  "If I'm president, you're going to see a magnificent expansion of Title X to cover all women." 
  “I think I'm the only geologist ever elected a governor in the United States. And you're going to ask What…
 calls TRAP laws false and malicious, that they are designed to torment. States that we need to push back and i…
 "We need to push back and make sure that information is clear and based on science. How about we try science for a change?"
Join me live at 11:50 for this important discussion. Thank you, for hosting us. 
 Of course. I think 420...
Double selfie for  Plus a nice craft brew. 
This is a nation of immigrants - who have rights and deserve them. Our president’s inhumane attacks will not be tolerated.  and please share them far and wide. 
This is not a moment for impulsiveness or mixed signals. It is a moment for steadily pursuing all possible diplomatic efforts to defuse the current tension. Let's work with our allies and friends to ensure Iran does not develop nuclear weapons or provoke aggression in the region.
I urge all parties to show appropriate restraint. President Trump needs to provide clarity to the public and our allies on relevant intelligence on recent Iranian activity. 
 “We will support the people of  and  for a freer and more prosperous future.”   
 “The planet is years away from facing irreversible damage. As President I would resign  and pledge to go beyond i…
 Opening remarks from  Candidate Forum participant and answers first question on how his administration…
 On healthcare says, “In Colorado we’ve gotten to almost universal coverage...healthcare is a right ; not a priv…
 “I’m the one person running who has actually done the progressive things all the other candidates are talking about,”
  says people who are undocumented in US should receive a 10 yr visa right away ; path to citizenship 
  says citizenship question on Census is “corrupt ; illegal” and intended to undercount certain segments of the…
I'll be on stage at the Presidential Candidate Forum shortly. Tune in live: 
Gun violence is a public health epidemic, and it’s time our government treats it as such. In Colorado, we introduced universal background checks. We can do it again for all of America. 
 Former Governor of Colorado and  Democratic candidate said “we beat the NRA with tough, tough gu…
If face blindness has taught me anything, it's that more of us could probably benefit from being friendlier when we first meet people. 
 8 candidatos participaran en  Foro Presidencial este viernes 21 de junio en en Miami!Tendrán la oportuni…
 Watch former Governor of Colorado and 2020 contender John join and to discuss his thought…
Today on  we celebrate the effective end of slavery in the US. Though the fight for equality and opportunity for all is far from over, on days like today, we must remember to not lose faith in each other and our ability to heal, together.
 NOW ON 2020 Presidential candidate John joins and for a live interview. Watch
 Coming up on 
 
 
Tonight's  made it official: The worst president in US history will be on the ticket again.He has torn kids away from their mothers. Encouraged white supremacy. Attacked women's rights. Fueled hatred. And more.We must fight him with all we have. And we will.
 Hi Helen! Under my plan, those who lack coverage, or wish to switch, would have access to an aff…
 Hi Helen! Under my plan, those who lack coverage, or wish to switch, would have access to an affordable public option. We will stop the endless spiraling of healthcare costs, negotiate lower drug prices, empower patients, protect Medicaid, enable portable benefits, and more.
 Gov. John says being face blind has made him a better politician, wants to know how the other candidates pla…
It is when gov't teams up with the private sector and nonprofits that we have seen our greatest successes -  from the polio vaccine to the space race.⁣⁣I used that collaborative approach in CO, and we accomplished the progressive change that Washington has failed to deliver. 
I’m not sure where in the Constitution it says that corporations are people. We must work to overturn Citizens United - it's the only way to hand our elections back to voters. 
⚡️ “My Father's Day Message”

Let's close the skills gap through the largest investment in apprenticeships and community college this country has ever seen. That's my  to support American workers. Find out more here: 
4 years ago, hate walked into Mother Emanuel Church and 9 innocent people never walked out- forcing survivors like Polly, family members like Anthony, and loved ones on a path of incomprehensible pain.⁣⁣Today, and everyday, we hold them in our hearts. ⁣⁣ 
 Gov. John says being face blind has made him a better politician, wants to know how the other candidates pla…
It's time we made healthcare a right, not a privilege, in this country.In the same way I led efforts to get 95% of Coloradans insured, I will work as President to get universal healthcare for all Americans. 
By keeping alive the spirit of Hick, and men like him who fearlessly commit to love, support and empower others, I think we can redefine what it means to be a man—for the better.In fact, I’m certain of it. Happy Father's Day.-John
But the truth is, there are just as many ways to be a man as there are to be a human being. It is always a choice.
I don’t think it’s an understatement to say our country needs a new model of masculinity: one that is open, secure, unafraid to be emotional, to nurture, to love and to bring out the best in others.
Even in his last days of illness, Hick showed so much strength, patience, and grace. Decades later, when as Colorado’s Governor I guided our state through challenges horrifying and humbling—wildfires, flooding, shootings—I thought of my father and rallied.
As my Mom told me after Hick passed: “You can’t control what life throws at you, but you can control how you respond.”
For that reason, I always experience Father’s Day as a mix of emotions: an ache for the years unspent with Hick and the milestones he’ll never know about, mingled with gratitude for the years I’ll spend watching my son grow into the man he’s meant to be.
There have definitely been times when having Hick by my side, a phone call or (nowadays) a FaceTime away, would have helped me do things better.
I’ve lived with Hick’s ghost my whole life: as a young man fumbling his way to adulthood, as a grown man transitioning careers and learning to navigate relationships, and—for the last seventeen years—as a father myself.
He loved fatherhood and life so much that what life had in store for him—and us—was unusually cruel. By the time I was 7, cancer had hollowed out his body. Ten days after my 8th birthday, he died, leaving the family he had built to redefine itself again: this time, without him.
He fostered curiosity and boldness in his children, taking one child out for dinner when she opened her eyes underwater, celebrating another for beating him in chess. He took endless joy in watching us grow.
An engineer by trade, he loved taking things apart—often on the living room rug, to my mom’s consternation—and putting them back together. He loved challenges, especially mental ones, and loved asking us to rise to them.
He called us his tadpoles and his jewels. He loved introducing us to things he loved, like summer storms, fire engines, and The Wizard of Oz. He loved piling all of us in the car and just taking off, letting us navigate for him, embracing the adventure of getting lost together.
Hick, who had lost his own father young, loved being a father—maybe more than anything. When my sister Deborah and I came along—his two biological children—he was Hick to us, too. He wanted us to feel like one family. And we did.
From the very start, my father—whom I still miss and yearn for every day—defined fatherhood in his own way.When he married my mother, she was a widow with two children. Rather than claim the name “Dad,” he invited them to call him by his nickname, “Hick”.
For some, Father’s Day celebrates a relationship that continues to nourish and sustain. For others, it may be a day of pain or anger, perhaps at a father figure who has fallen short in some way.
I try never to assume what Father’s Day means to people, because, if we’re honest, there are as many ways to be a father as there are to be a human being.
Happy Father's Day to all the fathers and individuals who hold the responsibility of "father" in someone's life. In honor of Father's Day, I am sharing the story of my father -- Hick, as we called him. Read the story here: 
As a trained geologist, I'm deeply disturbed by this decision. These committees exist to ensure that the federal gov't is making smart, fact-based decisions -- something this admin has repeatedly shown they are not interested in. It's utter nonsense.
Last year, I had the privilege of officiating Rick and Graham's wedding. With all the progress we’ve made, we can’t afford to see it rolled back—least of all by the two Trump appointees now on the Supreme Court. We can never compromise on dignity and equality for all.  
We need to create opportunity where there hasn't been any. That was what I did as a brewer, as Mayor, and as Governor, and it's my promise as President. 
Trump's immigration policy is immoral, ineffective, and un-American. As President, I will continue to fight for sensible immigration reform by leading efforts to protect the Dreamers and reversing Trump's efforts to prevent refugees from receiving asylum in the U.S. 
 “Republicans are going to use the word socialism to try and paint us into a corner. And I think every Democrat is going to be well…
The true greatness of America grew from the innovative collaboration between business, government and what I call “civil society,” — that uniquely American amalgamation between nonprofits, foundations and academia.This is how we will tackle America’s greatest challenges. 
Justice must be different. The policies we pursue to ensure safety and fairness for our citizens need to be applied equally — and people need to feel they are being applied equally — if we are to bring Americans together again. 
I'll be the only Governor (and brewer) on stage. Don't miss out!Text HICKMIAMI to 555888 for updates. 
Excited to be on stage with these leaders. We may disagree at times, but we all agree that defeating Trump and boldly addressing the challenges facing American families is essential.Socialism is not how we will achieve a progressive future. And I look forward to that debate. 
FDR is one of my heroes, a great Democrat, and a fellow governor with a record of accomplishment. See you at the debate, Senator! 
 FDR is one of my heroes, a great Democrat, and a fellow governor with a record of accomplishment. See you at the debate, Senator!
This morning at I outlined my vision for a progressive future. Read my full speech here.
  says "without question" Democrats should begin an impeachment inquiry, but he's not "so foolish" to believe…
 In his climate plan announcement,  says the "well-intentioned" Green New Deal "might trigger a backlash tha…
Fact. 
We must be progressive, but also pragmatic. We must understand that sometimes we have to talk to Republicans. And that we can’t demonize the private sector. We must focus, above all else, on building a nation that works for everyone, by trying to make everyone work together.
When I am President, we will make affordable healthcare a right, not a privilege. We will save our planet from climate change.  We will make college more affordable and help the 65% who won’t get a 4-year degree.  And we will work with industry and nonprofits to get there.
The only way to defeat and to achieve big progressive goals is to embrace the collaborative, entrepreneurial spirit that gave birth to this country – that gave birth to modern democracy.
  "Donald Trump is the worst President our country has ever had. But, defeating him is far from guaranteed."…
We went to the state legislature to get permanent funding to support the program. Some Republicans refused. CO foundations helped fund it that year, and we continued our dialogue with Republicans. The next year, the program’s funding passed with bipartisan support.
 2020 Candidate opens up his speech going right after saying while he respects Sa…
We also partnered with a private foundation to make long-acting reversible contraception (“LARC”) affordable to ALL women in CO, starting at age 15. The program:✔️reduced teen pregnancy rate by 54%✔️reduced teen abortion rate by 64%✔️saved taxpayers $70 million over 5 years
I used that collaborative approach in Colorado, and, today, our state has:✔️ Near universal healthcare✔️ The  economy in the country, 3 years in a row✔️ Tough methane regulations✔️ Universal background checks and magazine limits ✔️ Reliable broadband in all 64 counties
Democratic socialism is not only a poor electoral strategy – it’s a bad governing model. While gov't plays a vital role in tackling big challenges, it is rarely successful alone. It is when we team up – gov’t, nonprofits and the private sector – that we see the greatest success.
Yesterday, declared in a campaign address that “democratic socialism is the only way.”  I have great respect for He has provided great clarity and urgency around the major issues facing working families.   But I fundamentally disagree.
 Getting ready for a event where is speaking - expected to call out 2020 rival ;…
Join me live at 10:45a ET for a  press conference with 
 Today Democratic presidential primary candidate and former Colorado Gov. John to outline pla…
We will rejoin the Paris Climate Accord and exceed its goals. We will build a green economy that creates jobs that can’t be shipped overseas. We will focus on the most efficient ways to address the crisis.Read my global plan to combat climate change: 
Let's take Colorado's long-acting reversible contraception program (access for all women) national. Let's repeal the Hyde Amendment. Let's protect Roe vs. Wade with all that we have.   
3 years ago, our LGBTQ community was targeted by a domestic terrorist at  49 innocent people lost their lives.We must protect one another from senseless hate and terror. This means passing strict federal gun laws. Anything less is unacceptable.
 Join and me tomorrow at 10:45am ET to hear more about my vision for a progressive future.ht…
 Join and me tomorrow at 10:45am ET to hear more about my vision for a progressive future. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Last week, John told Democrats "socialism is not the answer." Today, he doubled down, citing his record in…
 "Suddenly, for the first time in my lifetime, our NATO partners are wondering whether they can depend on the United States, wheth…
 Join us THIS Thursday, June 13 @ 10:45AM for a  press conference with Democratic presidential cand…
 MORE CANDIDATES CONFIRMED FOR NALEO PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE FORUM will address gathering of Latino policymakers a…
In Colorado, we went from 40th in job creation to the  economy in the nation, three years running.We have done what said he was going to do. 
 "As president, I would expand access for the full spectrum of women's health care in every state,"
  "Mitch McConnell has, so far, in no way displayed any kind of conscience or moral responsibility to the Am…
 "He has alienated and turned his back on our closest allies," says of President Trump and for…
  says the House should begin an impeachment inquiryBut says McConnell will never allow impeachment"We wi…
 "You can do these big progressive things without massive expansion of government," says.
 "I'd like to re-emphasize that socialism is not the answer," says.He says the Green New Dea…
Join me live on - now! 
 Now:  on 2020  politics.  makes the case why he should be the next president.
 . touring the Five Rivers Carpenters JATC in Cedar Rapids this morning to learn about their program and disc…
 Tomorrow: We'll have presidential candidate and former Colorado Gov. John on the show.What questions do y…
 sharing her snacks with a friend :) cc: 
One of my favorite people! 
Great time at the Hall of Fame Celebration!Can you help our amazing team members (like Ferguson here) continue to get the message out by chipping in $3 today? 
  promising to fight  change, make college more affordable, create opportunities for 1 million appren…
 John shares that Colorado provided long acting reversible contraception to those who needed it and reduced unint…
  “You don’t do big things with big government—you do it by brining more people to the table; by making th…
Which will be my walk-on song at the Hall of Fame Celebration?Good Life by I Hear Them All by in now to find out…
With the grit and creativity I learned as a brewer and the support of a fantastic team and community, we transformed Colorado into one of the greatest states in the nation. Now it’s time for this country to achieve the same results. We can do this.  
 
Hope to see you there! 
 Yes! We’ve had a decades-long friendship, the Banjo and I.
Read my Plan for Rural America here:  
I’m standing tall with and all those who are fighting for fair elections. In signing pledge, I’m promising to do everything I can to end gerrymandering. Voters have the right to pick their representatives. Anything else is un-democratic. 
I look forward to discussing further why I think socialism isn’t the answer in DC on Thursday, following speech, at
I know that socialism isn’t the answer because in Colorado we achieved the big progressive change that DC has failed to deliver. We have near universal health insurance coverage, the number one economy in the country, and we’re the first purple state to pass background checks.
We won’t stop climate change by promising every American a federal job. We won’t get to universal coverage by taking away private health insurance from 160 million people.
I have great respect for but on this issue we deeply disagree. We will not defeat or achieve big progressive goals by massively expanding government. 
Honor Rolls. Not Gender Roles.Thanks for all that you do for our LGBTQ youth, 
 And I promise your money is well spent on helping us get this vision out there! Thanks so much for your support,
 Phil! Thank you for the haircuts, and your vote!
 John touring the Des Moines Farmers Market this morning - Polk County Supervisor Angela Connolly showing…
 Polk County Supervisor Angela Connolly is showing around the Des Moines Farmers market now. 
Team Hick stands tall for all, especially this nation’s powerful, loving, unstoppable LGBTQ community. Happy  month. 
 Campaign staff are out and about at the Farmers Market today to sign folks up. plans on walking around he…
 John Hickenlooper is the first presidential candidate to purchase one of our t shirts! Thanks for supporting us! 
When I was a brewer, if you had told me I would someday be around all this beer but talking to reporters about my White House run instead of my canning run, I would have cut you off. 
Today we  For those we’ve lost to senseless gun violence. For those fighting to stop it, like and And for those we will protect by ending it.  
 LIVE NOW: A Crucial Conversation on Gun Reform with presidential candidate 
 Naturally 🍻
Naturally 🍻 
Largest investment in rural broadband in our country’s history.Expand healthcare access to even our most rural areas.Ban advertising of addictive painkillers.End the tariff war and support our farmers.This is only the beginning. 
 One reason why we  is to honor members of the LGBTQ+ community who are disproportionately affected by gun violenc…
 great to have back on this morning 
 I had good chats with presidential candidates about arts education and funding. Wil…
Sudanese people are fighting for democratic values- those that this nation and others hold so dear- and many are losing their lives as a result. We must stand up and speak up for democracies around the world- and let these brave activists know they’re not alone. 
Week after week, state by state, women's rights are under attack in this country.  must be loud and clear in our opposition to any law that limits women's right to healthcare.  
 Here's plan for stiffening gun laws in the U.S.  
Endlessly proud of my friend and former member of my cabinet, - a true Coloradan and patriot - for standing up for what's right. And thank you to all those in the House who made this happen yesterday. 
 Joining us at Friday: Fmr Gov and current presidential candidate  
At a time when women's rights are under attack, we need to stand tall for our values. The  actively harms women by limiting access and choice. It needs to be repealed.
Climate change is already disproportionately impacting our farmers - a situation that will only continue to worsen. And now they have to deal with reckless tariff war. We cannot leave our farmers behind. We need to end this tariff war, and  
For many Dreamers, America is the only home they've ever known. I applaud the House for passing the Dream and American Promise Act, which would protect the legal status of Dreamers and give them a path towards citizenship - and hope the Senate will soon follow suit.  
The Hickenlooper team is growing! If you’re interested in Digital, Finance or Communications positions in Colorado, or Field positions in Iowa, email us at resume 
The border defines the lines of our country, but not the limits of our values. Who we show compassion to should not be determined by location, but by our basic humanity.HHS is telling us if we don't act, more children will die. We must listen and take action to protect them. 
 to our muslim friends, here in the United States and around the world. Wishing peace and joy for you and your family, this year and beyond.
 Tune in tonight at 8 pm ET. for interview with on  
 Joining tonight: Elizabeth Holtzman,
We must stop ignoring the 70% of Americans who don’t get a 4-year degree. Together, we can make the largest expansion in free community college and skills training in American history.Chip in $5, or anything you can, to join us in making this happen:  
 John just had a Bill Clinton Sister Souljah moment.  Sometimes speaking hard truths and saying what is unpopul…
 Coming up on 2020 Presidential candidate, Former Colorado Gov. John joins and for a l…
Robin and I care deeply about the future of our home city of Denver. That is why we urge everyone to join us in supporting on June 4th.
Some propose socialist policies that would do things like guarantee a federal job to every person and eliminate private health insurance. That’s not going to beat or accomplish the big progressive goals that our party has set out.
I have great respect for Mayor and was honored to campaign for him during his run for Governor. We are engaged in a battle of ideas within our party. 
Watching out maneuver again and again has been a true joy. I am so grateful for her leadership. 
 Robert “Bobby” Williams of Chesapeake was the longest-serving employee among the victims, with a 41-year tenure as a specia…
 Herbert “Bert” Snelling was a contractor who was on the Virginia Beach city government’s campus to file a permit at the tim…
 Christopher Kelly Rapp, an engineer from Powhatan, worked for the public utilities department for less than a year. He love…
 Katherine A. Nixon from Virginia Beach was an engineer within the public utilities department for a decade. 
 Richard H. Nettleton of Norfolk was an engineer in the public utilities department for 28 years. He also served in Germany…
 Michelle “Missy” Langer worked as an administrative assistant with public utilities for 12 years. She was remembered as "gr…
 Joshua A. Hardy of Virginia Beach was an engineering technician in the city's public utilities department for four-and-a-ha…
 Alexander Mikhail Gusev of Virginia Beach worked as a right-of-way agent for nine years. 
 Mary Louise Gayle had worked for the city for decades. “She was a super sweet lady; she always had this big smile,” said a…
 Tara Welch Gallagher was an engineer whose work was an important part of managing the quality of local water sources. She w…
 Ryan Keith Cox was an account clerk for over 12 years. In a Facebook tribute, his brother said, "My heart is hurting becaus…
 Laquita C. Brown of Chesapeake had been a right-of-way agent in the city's public works department for more than 4 years.…
 THREAD: The fatal victims of the horrific mass shooting at a government building in Virginia Beach, Virginia, have been ide…
 I interviewed after the boos for his  convention speech. “The Republicans are definitely already tryin…
 “If we’re not careful, we are going to end up re-electing the worst president in American history.” Apt words by
This week, I spoke to about my plan to make Colorado's successful long-acting reversible contraception program national. Access to affordable birth control empowers women to make their own choices. We need to embrace that instead of attacking women's fundamental rights. 
I know this message won’t be popular with everyone in our party. But the stakes are too high. We cannot hand this election to Donald Trump. 
 . comes to San Francisco  , says ‘socialism is not the answer,’ and predictably, draws a sustained b…
 Hickenlooper booed at  for attacking socialism, which he surely expected 
  also draws the day's first boos: "If we want to beat Donald Trump ; achieve big progressive goals, socialism i…
 "Thanks for being on the front lines of the resistance against Donald Trump!" 
In 2013, we called legislators back for a special legislative session to pass Colorado's Civil Union Act. And signing it was one of my proudest moments as Governor.⁣⁣⁣⁣Happy  month to the LGBTQ community. I stand with you, always. 
 Join me as I sit down with Former CO Gov. and presidential candidate John Hickenlooper to discuss his new gun violence pr…
This is what I say to Republicans who claim background checks won't work because criminals don't try to buy guns legally: Crooks are dumber than you think, and we have the stats to prove it. 
  speaking at town hall in Berkeley ahead of tomorrow’s California Democratic State Party Convention 
In Colorado, we stood up to the fought for tough gun control laws, and won. We’re ready to do the same for our nation. Join us in standing up for national gun reform.  
 "You see this on the news all the time ... but you never think it's going to happen to you, but when it happens to you, it's just…
The news out of Virginia Beach is simply devastating. Public servants who just showed up to do their job are not coming home tonight because of gun violence. This story has played out too many times in too many towns. We need to stand up and stop this. 
Was excited to see this before going on yesterday. Go 
 US Presidential candidate John Jr visited on May 25 to discuss his campaign stance on gun-…
 We appreciate  presidential candidate Governor visiting us in Newtown to discuss gun violence prevent…
Denver’s own! Congrats We’re proud of you. 
Spoiler alert: Yes. Yes we did. 
 
 
 Happy to clarify I firmly defend a woman's right choose, and believe that abortion is healthcare.
I don't agree with John Bel Edwards's decision. In CO, we empowered women to make their own decisions with affordable birth control. The results speak for themselves - teen abortions down 64%, teen pregnancy down 54%. As President, I'd take that program nationwide. 
 2020 Democratic Presidential candidate discusses his family's relationship with Kurt Vonnegut. 
 2020 Democratic Presidential candidate talks impeachment on  you have to open an impeachment…
This is exactly right. We are going to see massive job dislocation due to AI and automation. We must prepare our workers for alternate paths. That's why I'm calling for the largest investment in apprenticeship and skills training in this nation's history.
In CO, we respected women's reproductive rights and expanded birth control options to all - regardless of age, income or geography.As President, I will expand that program nationally, and ensure that every woman has access to affordable contraception.
 Listen now: Presidential hopeful ; former Colorado Governor John talks 2020, gun safety, and health care on thi…
 NEW: former Colorado Governor ; 2020 presidential candidate John is now calling for Congress to begin an…
"After listening to Mueller, and I wanted to hear what he had to say... I think he laid the responsibility clearly at the doorstep of Congress. I think we have to begin an impeachment inquiry."-John on
"After listening to Mueller, and I wanted to hear what he had to say... I think he laid the responsibility clearly at the doorstep of Congress. I think we have to begin an impeachment inquiry." 
 Watch that full answer from here: 
 Presidential candidate John Hickenlooper: “I think we have to begin an impeachment inquiry ... I think it’d be crazy not t…
 NEW: John Hickenlooper tells that he thinks an impeachment inquiry should be started
  Former Colorado Gov. and 2020 candidate,  John unveiled a new plan to expand access to long-acting…
 On  tonight,  discussed his successful effort in Colorado to expand access to contraception, and hi…
Chip in to help us advance our plan to protect women's reproductive rights, and expand access to affordable, effective contraception all across the country: 
Tonight on we discussed CO's successful long-acting reversible contraception (LARC) program, and my plan to take it national - protecting the right of all women to control their own bodies by providing access to affordable IUDs.Read the plan: 
 Hickenlooper: "The notion that the people that are so opposed to abortion don't recognize that in many ways by eliminating…
 Governor is best known here in Colorado for his progressive IUD program. It lowered teen pregnancy by 54…
"At some point we need to get rid of this fundamental nonsense in Washington, and replace it with some good old-fashioned common sense."-John on
 Everything you are saying about  plan to provide free or low cost long acting reproductive devices is spot o…
Talking about this now on Colorado, we didn't strip women of their fundamental rights, we empowered them to make their own decisions. The results speak for themselves.⁣ 
"The reason I'm running is because I believe that Donald Trump is fueling a fundamental crisis of division." -John on
 Banning abortions doesn’t stop them, it just makes them less safe. In Colorado, we increased access to long acting birt…
"By eliminating women's access to reproductive health, they are going to increase the number of abortions. It's unconscionable." -John on
 I 💖 my IUD.And I 💖 plan for low-cost IUD's for everyone who wants one."They don't realize that by elimin…
Going live with in just a few moments. Tune in to to catch it live. 
 Tonight on 
I'll be joining Rachel at 9:35 PM ET/7:35 PM MT to discuss how Robert Mueller's public statement has impacted my view on impeachment.
Go Thank you for your continued commitment to South Carolinians. 
When this is the best can come up with, you know you’re winning the fight. 
Almost one mass shooting a day. We can't go on like this.I recently discussed my plan to combat gun violence with It includes:✔️A national gun licensing standard✔️Universal background checks✔️Expanded access to mental health services 
 On Sat, I congratulated Presidential hopeful Governor for his strong gun violence platform which includes fir…
 Have you heard about Colorado Governor new gun platform? Check out this overview from the inc…
 "I don't think we're going to address the spiraling inflation in health care by forcibly telling 150 million people that we're go…
Today, we remember those who didn't come home. Those who gave their lives in service of this country, and the families who lost a loved one. Let's honor their sacrifice and the true spirit of Memorial Day.
 We asked Dem presidential candidates to honor the true meaning of today. Here is what they sent. We thank them all, and remem…
 Thank you for joining us in Newtown this morning and making this an important part of your campaign. 
 CT might not be an early primary state (as is keen to remind me), but we love hosting Presidential ca…
 Wonderful opportunity this afternoon to speak with about my bipartisan plan for Tuition Contracting, opportu…
 members stand up for our children. They take on the They counter nonsense with common sense. And we are grateful. 
 Thank you, presidential candidate for talking with survivors ; activists in Newtown, CT. We'll never be th…
 Great conversation on gun violence prevention with Presidential candidate Governor in Newtown. 
Connecticut just passed three gun reform bills thanks to the work of these parents, students, and activists. They turned tragedy into triumph, like we did with universal background checks in Colorado, but none of us will stop there- not until our kids truly feel, and are, safe. 
 Thank you to Governor for visiting Newtown this morning to seek input from the community members on gun vi…
 Proud to stand with then and thankful he is standing with us now.    
 and I worked together to get universal background checks and magazine limits passed in Colorado after the Aurora shooting took his son Alex.Now the and are trying to kick him out of office for standing up to the Let's make sure they fail. 
This decision is a despicable attempt by to delegitimize the identity of trans people, and deliberately place their health and well being in danger. Access to healthcare should be a right for all people, regardless of how they identify.  
These are the real life, day-to-day problems that many don't think about, but that community health centers across the nation do. They bring true, neighborly care and thoughtfulness to our fractured healthcare system.
Marie talked today about how important it is for providers to consider the social determinants of health. At she helps families tackle challenges at home, like if a utility provider cuts off service and a diabetic child's insulin needs to be refrigerated. 
 CHC is on the front lines of health care delivery ; policy. We encourage any Presidential candidate to visit us ; talk…
 NEW: On Saturday will meet with first responders and families affected by the mass shooting at Sandy Hook El…
Another damning example of the fundamental nonsense of Washington - a single member of Congress has blocked federal aid to communities reeling from floods, wildfires, hurricanes and other recent natural disasters. These political games are hurting the people who need us most. 
This bill would require a girl abused by a family member to carry her abuser's child, before she even has the chance to know she is pregnant. It is the definition of inhumane. 
I had the privilege of meeting Tyler last month in Iowa. His dedication to Lee County, to Iowa, and to moving this country forward is inspiring. Thank you for this lovely piece, my friend! 
Congratulations to and all those who made this legislation happen- an incredibly meaningful, important victory. 
 ICYMI John visited the this week to discuss US foreign policy. Here he answers a questi…
 Excited to announce the very first  Presidential candidate meet and greet ft. my friends at and
 "The whole point of international relations is putting a team together and having constant engagement," said, on…
 "President Trump is fueling this crisis of division. We're going backwards not forwards ... you got to be able to bring pe…
 Americans want to end gun violence, and we'll vote for lawmakers willing to stand up for public safety. We applaud 2020 can…
 Governor robust gun safety platform is further proof that preventing gun violence will be a key issue in the…
I reject the notion that gun reform is impossible at the national level. We can get this done, but it requires courage, leadership, and the resolve to stand up for what's right.Let's get to work.
The road to gun reform in Colorado wasn't easy. The fought us every step of the way, but we banded together and got it done - becoming the first purple state to pass universal background checks and magazine limits.
 2020 presidential candidate introduces his new plan to address gun violence. This includes a license gun…
We beat the in CO, and we can do it nationally. Here's my plan to prevent gun violence: ✔️ Gun licensing standard✔️ Raise purchase age to 21✔️ Universal background checks✔️ Ban weapons of war✔️ Magazine limits✔️ Fund CDC research on gun violence
Most hunters go through hunter safety classes to get a hunting license, so it reasons we should expand this practice across guns which are even more potentially dangerous than a hunting rifle.
Under my plan, people born after 2001 would need to get a license and pass a test that demonstrates they can safely handle and store a gun before they can purchase one.
In this country, before you can drive a car, you have to get a license and demonstrate you can responsibly drive that vehicle. I believe we should create that same right of passage for gun ownership.
 The plan (⬇️) makes clear that he’s serious about reducing gun violence - it will cut shootings and protect…
 Smart and comprehensive gun violence prevention plan released by today. The shift in the politics of thi…
  was the first swing state gov to act on guns in 2013. Today, that leadership is evident in his presidentia…
 Most of us would agree with all of these. Good on ya! 
 Right now: lays out his views on foreign policy. The former Colorado governor is one of 24 Democrats seeking t…
Yesterday, I outlined my vision for America’s national security. Here's how we can work together to restore America's global leadership and pursue full security. 
100 years since the Suffragettes brought common sense to DC. We are forever grateful.Women's rights are still under attack. Voting rights are still under attack. Today and always, let's channel those who fought 100 years ago and fiercely protect one another.  
LAST CALL: Make a donation by midnight for a chance to join me on the campaign trail. Travel, hotel and, yes, beer included:  
 No one should miss out on an opportunity because they don't have access to reliable, high speed internet. Several candida…
It's almost last call! Donate before midnight for a chance to win a trip to meet me for a beer at a local brewery on the campaign trail:  
 👏John will stand by Israel as our strongest ally in the ME ; ensure it is safe from aggression by Iran…
 Presidential candidate delivered a foreign policy keynote at today.
As the Three-Eyed Raven from the Rockies, I look forward to detailing our new dragon policy and my plan to end this crisis of division at the next debate.  
 As the Three-Eyed Raven from the Rockies, I look forward to detailing our new dragon policy and my plan to end this crisis of division at the next debate. 
This morning I laid out my vision for America's national security. We have to end isolationism, and that starts with tackling the climate crisis. It’s time to rejoin the Paris Climate Accords and  
 Just wrapped up an interesting conversation with — his first 1-on-1 interview since unveiling his foreign…
  speaking on his trade; foreign policy outlook at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs: “This is no hour f…
 "Most people, or at least twenty years ago everyone, recognized that socialism was not a successful alternative in any…
 "Dangerous demagogues preach that democracy is fake news, that social tolerance is for wimps, and that might makes righ…
 "Diplomacy. Alliances. Military. Intelligence. Cyber. Climate. Trade. Democracy. Human rights. All of it: that is what…
  "I will never use the military for political stunts like the election-year deployment to our southern bord…
 Want to ask John a question about US foreign policy? Type  into your web browser.…
 "It is no accident that the biggest authoritarian regimes are also the leading cyber-aggressors. Dictators see cyber as…
 "I will rejoin the Paris Climate Accords on my first day in office; and then exceed their targets and summon this gener…
 "I will never use the military for an election year stunt," says, blasting Trump's use of troops to string ch…
  focusing a significant portion of his speech on cyber warfare, saying a robust war is already underway on…
 "Contrary to what Mr. Trump implies, our alliances are not charity toward other countries. They are something we do for…
  outlining his foreign policy plan with a speech in Chicago: "Trump treated Vladimir Putin as his puppet-mas…
 Allies are not charitable cases, they are a key component to the 🇺🇸United States’ national security - on US…
  [Trump] ignored his military advisers by saying our troops would pull out of the fight against ISIS in Syr…
  says he would wind-down U.S. involvement in the Middle East "deliberately but not prematurely" and not if…
 "Some Democrats are recoiling from past American foreign policy mistakes by looking to withdraw from our global leaders…
  lobs this at saying the threat of authoritarianism "occupies the White House"
 "While no invading army is storming America’s shores today, this authoritarian mentality has already breached our defen…
 "From Moscow to Beijing, from Ankara to Caracas and beyond, authoritarian strongmen now threaten not only the rights of…
 "The Cold War is over. The wars we joined after9/11 are winding down. Yet this is no hour for complacency," says ​​Joh…
 Watch LIVE in 30 minutes as ​​John delivers a speech about US foreign policy at the​ Det…
 I was the first brewer elected governor since Sam Adams in 1794, and now this brewer is running to be your president and…
 What issues mean the most to you as 2020 approaches? Join us for the first event in our America in 2020 series. We'll…
The cameras go away, but the trauma from these shootings does not. It manifests in so many ways. We must provide long term federal funding and ongoing mental health services for impacted communities, including the the victims, families and first responders of these tragedies.
I am so sorry to hear about Austin’s passing -- someone who, amidst battling a terrible trauma and addiction himself, dedicated his life to helping others recover. My heart goes out to his family and loved ones. 
 NEW: 2020 presidential candidate John will layout his first foreign policy proposal when he speaks in Chi…
 Ahead of his foreign policy speech tomorrow in Chicago, says of his competitors for the Dem nomination: "Alm…
 Former Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper calls out Pres. Trump and some of his 2020 Democratic rivals on foreign policy: "They would…
Thank you Things are horribly wrong here. People are dying because of drug companies' greed. corporate donations are not the answer. We need patent reform, and we need to fix the system so that Americans don't have to go bankrupt to stay alive. 
Join and me on tomorrow at 9am ET! 
Thank you and We all must rally to protect and support the rights of women in Georgia, Alabama, Missouri, and across the nation. Here’s a way to do that for Georgia.  
In 1988, we opened to revitalize Denver's downtown and revitalize beer: bringing back the pre-Prohibition-style process, using only barley, yeast, water and hops.Want to hear more? Chip in $1 for the chance to have a beer with me on the trail. 
Banning abortions doesn’t stop them, it just makes them less safe. In Colorado, we increased access to long acting birth control and the result was a 64% drop in teenage abortions.
In a week where basic human rights are under attack, I commend the House of Reps for taking steps to protect the civil rights of LGBTQ Americans by passing the  This legislation is long overdue, and I hope the Senate will step up and support these vital protections. 
In Colorado, we didn't strip women of their fundamental rights, we empowered them to make their own decisions. The results speak for themselves.⁣⁣ isn't about preventing unplanned pregnancies, it's an attack on women. 
 What issues mean the most to you as 2020 approaches? Join us for the first event in our America in 2020 series. We'll…
Kendrick sacrificed his life so that others could live. Today, the Colorado community honored his bravery and paid tribute to his life. We will forever be grateful for this young, mighty, courageous, kind hero.  
 Can confirm. He knows about beer. Heres’s my podcast episode featuring We talk about the…
I was the first brewer elected governor since Sam Adams in 1794, and now this brewer is running to be your president and is ready to be interviewed over a cold one. Chip in now a chance to meet me on the trail for a beer—travel and hotel included. 
Thanks for highlighting this In Colorado, we didn't strip women of their fundamental rights, we empowered them to make their own decisions. The results speak for themselves. isn't about preventing unplanned pregnancies, it's an attack on women. 
 Thanks for highlighting this In Colorado, we didn't strip women of their fundamental rights, we empowered them to make their own decisions. The results speak for themselves. isn't about preventing unplanned pregnancies, it's an attack on women.
I agree with that our media is too polarized, but I don't believe we should stop talking to people who don't agree with us. Our crisis of division calls for meeting people where they are and putting new, inclusive ideas forward. Excited to be on tonight.
 will cost Alabama women their lives, and threatens the reproductive rights of women across the country. We must fight back, and our next president must act to enshrine Roe v. Wade into law. 
 DM me and I'll connect you with my team to see what we can do!
 Can’t wait to schedule surrogate travel for Burt.  
There are no winners in trade wars. We need stronger protections on our intellectual property and fairer trade agreements, but tariffs and brinkmanship ultimately hurt the American consumer. 
 The Republican predecessor of Colorado state representative Tom Sullivan, a Democrat, slams the Rocky Mountain Gun Owner…
A rare picture of my evil twin and aspiring  extra, Burt Hickenlooper. 
 A rare picture of my evil twin and aspiring  extra, Burt Hickenlooper.
 A familiar face joins us at the Luncheon. Former Mayor and Governor, and now Presidential candidate, John Hickenlooper!…
As always, Jimmy Carter responds to adversity with good humor and grace. We're all rooting for your speedy recovery, Mr. President. 
Tom's son Alex was murdered in the Aurora movie theater shooting, and now the Colorado GOP wants to try and kick him out of office for taking action to protect other people's kids. Absolutely shameful. 
We need 102 new donors by midnight to stay on track to meet our May fundraising goals. Chip-in $1 or more to help me get on the debate stage in June -- every dollar and every donor counts:  
 Democratic presidential candidate on his platform for education. "What he is talking about in the interim i…
 On May 20, the Council welcomes 2020 candidate John former governor of Colorado, for a keynote speech on…
Tragic. This should not happen to anyone, in any country, in any religion. These places of worship aren’t just structures - they’re safe havens, where we gather with our loved ones to believe in something bigger than ourselves. Terror and hate have no place there. 
  mother taught him that “We have an obligation to create joy and happiness in our lives.” 
 2020 candidate John Hickenlooper is in Iowa this weekend. Talked to flood victims Fri. -visiting various businesses Sa…
No mother should have to bury their own child and go a Mother’s Day without talking to or spending time with their kids.⁣ We owe it to them to enact common sense gun reform nationally. No matter how hard the gun lobby tries to block it. ⁣More here: 
This is Desiree Davis, mom to Claire Davis, who was tragically killed in an attempted mass shooting in 2013 in Arapahoe, CO.⁣ Just this week another mother lost her son, in the same 20-mile radius where Columbine, Aurora, and the Arapahoe High School shootings also happened. ⁣ 
 Former Gov. John Hickenlooper on how his mom Anne inspired him: "She taught me that we have an obligation to create joy an…
 There's something to be said about a politician let alone a presidential candidate that's true to his word regarding suppor…
⁣Our mothers exemplify true strength - in how much they fight for us, protect us, love us no matter what. In how they get through the fast and slow moments with grace and grit.⁣ ⁣⁣⁣They are the unsung heroes of our lives. Today, let’s sing their praises.⁣ ⁣⁣ 
A child of the Depression, she sewed her own clothes and washed tin foil to reuse it, to save money in case things got worse.We tried to understand how she got through it all: the din and chaos of kids, yes, but also the quiet hours, when the loss and grief sharpen. ⁣ ⁣⁣
My mom raised four kids as a single mother. Hard to imagine. She was widowed twice before she turned forty. Even harder. ⁣⁣⁣⁣I never heard her complain. Not once to anyone. Ever.
 Opinion: Massive deregulation and socialism would both ruin the economic system that allows America to flourish. I’m running for p…
Bobby has spent every second of the past 11 days working to salvage his bar after flood waters in Davenport overtook it -- literally sleeping among the fans and tarps.We need to work together to restore impacted businesses and better prepare our communities for extreme weather. 
 Glad we got the chance to sit down with Colorado Governor as he was passing through Des Moines yesterday, a…
 does such important work to help create safe and inclusive schools for LGBTQ students across the state. Honored to get to spend some time with their staff today -- and become an honorary camp counselor! 
Looking forward to meeting and chatting with today. Join us shortly on IG Live!  
This legislation and the motives behind it are sexist, discriminatory, and cruel. To the Alabama Senators who support it: Use this delay to make the right decision - to not strip your female constituents of their basic human right to control their own bodies and lives. 
 The FDA approved the very first birth control pill 59 years ago today, and the world opened up for women. Reproductiv…





Today, Attorney General Barr was found in contempt by Congress for failing to disclose the  We need an AG who represents the people, not a corrupt president. That's why, today, I released a plan to make the Department of Justice an independent agency. 
  proposes plan to make the U.S. AG an independent agency. Under his five-point construction, AG would serve…
 INBOX proposes 60-vote confirmation for AG position, who then would serve one term and could only be remove…
 John on how he thinks the Attorney General should be appointed: "What we're looking at is taking the Attorn…
 COMING UP: hosts  in D.C. with the latest on the House Judiciary Committee vote to hold Attorney Gene…
Kendrick loved engineering and robotics. He was 3 days away from his high school graduation, set to go to Arapahoe Community College this fall.This courageous 18 year old lost his life standing up to gun violence — and our federal government can't even stand up to the NRA. 
To the kids, parents, faculty, first responders, and community at at and in the countless other communities impacted by gun violence, know that you are not alone. We are here to do the work of healing with you.
Dawn Anna lost her daughter, Lauren, in the Columbine shooting. On the 20th anniversary of that tragic day, she shared some words on healing and grief that are sadly all too relevant today.⁣⁣ 
 Especially proud of our tonight. Thanks for being a strong voice for the community Coach. 
Especially proud of our tonight. Thanks for being a strong voice for the community Coach.  
 I am so sorry for what you and your children have experienced today. I promise you I'm going to do everything I can to stop this.
My heart is with the parents, students, and faculty of and the first responders who rushed to their aid. This is every parent's nightmare, and it's becoming every child's nightmare as well. We can't just accept this. We have to end this epidemic of gun violence. 
 I am following the situation closely. I am so sorry to hear that your son and his fellow teachers and students are in this situation. This is an epidemic that needs to be addressed with every resource we have.
The team is working away and we are excited to keep the momentum going for May. Chip in $1 or more to help us meet our goal, and get me on stage. The debate stage, that is.... Giddy up! 
To the teachers who care for our kids,who inspire them,who support and encourage them,who expand their minds and help open their hearts.Thank you. We as parents, and as a nation, are forever indebted to you.  
Dear we have questions. 
 Opinion: I'm a small-business man—and, yes, a capitalist. But today American capitalism is broken. We have to fix it before it's t…
The random rocket fire by Hamas into Israel must stop. My heart goes out to the families of the Israelis killed, and those wounded in these grievous attacks. I call on all parties to show restraint and de-escalate this situation immediately.
 to all who are observing. Wishing you peace and joy, this month and beyond.
The 2020 election will decide if capitalism flourishes in America. I am a small-business man—and, yes, a capitalist. But today American capitalism is broken. We have to fix it before it’s too late.
Moms like Desiree, who have lost their kids to senseless gun violence, have become the fiercest advocates for families, victims, and survivors. On  we honor those whose children left this world far too soon, and whose resilience and humanity inspire us all. 
 Truth.
I had heard the Young were leaders in the state, but I didn't realize how organized and well-run their group is. These are serious young entrepreneurs doing a fantastic job balancing budgets, organizing members, and growing their influence. Keep it up! 
I know how it feels to get some unexpected news about your real dad, 
  sits down with 2020 Democratic presidential hopeful John as he introduces a new plan to str…
 In the midst of all the crowded  events, it’s good to wind-down w/ a small group engaged youth of…
Andrew, Chef Tony and Hannah of make great food. I got the Denver crepe... I may be in New Hampshire, but I can’t forget my roots! 
 In NH slams socialism: "That's another delusion of some folks in Washington - to try to simply redistribute our ec…
ICYMI: Earlier today, I outlined my National Strategy for a Working America during a speech at You can get more details on my economic plan here:  
Proud to be to be the Dark Horse from the Rockies. Help us grow this campaign, and ensure that I can make my case on the debate stage in June:  
 As outlines his national strategy for a working America today, a look back into his brewery and small busines…
 We welcome this afternoon as he delivers his economic address as part of his presidential campaign  
 2020 Watch-Now: Democratic presidential candidate and former Colorado Gov.  spotlights his new economic…
6) Promote open and fair trade in order to fuel economic growth -- including protection for labor and safety standards; environmental standards; rights of US investors; US intellectual property; and more assistance to workers displaced by trade. 
5) Ensure the tax code rewards work by roughly doubling the Earned Income Tax Credit and ensuring it is fully available to childless households -- and by taxing capital gains, adjusted for inflation, as ordinary income. 
4) Reform healthcare to ensure coverage, cost restraint, and complete portability, so that Americans can change jobs or start a new company without fear of losing their coverage. 
3) Promote entrepreneurship through tax credits for small businesses and micro-enterprises, including in rural and distressed areas, and stronger anti-trust enforcement to ensure that mega-businesses do not choke off small business innovation. 
2) Rebuild America's infrastructure in order to create jobs and drive economic growth -- with a major emphasis on clean energy jobs, as well as rural infrastructure (such as broadband in every county in America). 
1) Create a modern, well-paid workforce. 
Today, I am at to share my National Strategy for a Working America. Learn about the actions I plan to take to make American capitalism work for everyone. 
HAPPENING NOW: Join me live as I unveil my National Strategy for a Working America at and  
 The road to the White House is through the elevator doors of Join us as we hear from presidential candidate…
 story is the story of a small business, and the story of a community. This is my tale, I hope to hear yours. 
Had a great time making my first appearance on with . Give it a listen:  
Join us on Facebook Live today at 1:30pm ET:  
 What’s black, white, read ; brewed all over?  just in time for evening edition 
Hi really appreciate you speaking out about this. It has been 20 years since Columbine, and not nearly enough has changed. I recently wrote about taking action to keep our kids and communities safe from gun violence, and would love your thoughts:  
Was digging through some old things while getting ready to spruce up our campaign office, and came across this old gem. We've come a long way...  
Tomorrow 
When I was growing up, no one talked about mental health. Today, we are starting to break through the stigma around asking for help. To those who have shared their struggles: Thank you for your bravery. We hear you. You are not alone.
Trump’s withdrawal from the  has put our planet and future at risk. That's why I made sure Colorado would honor the agreement, and why I support the  Act. Before today's vote, call your rep and tell them to  
Welcome to the adventure of a lifetime Good luck on the campaign trail.
Thank you to the for showing up today for the American people -- for pursuing truth and holding power to account. We are all better for it.
If was a true executive, he would say “you’re fired” to Attorney General Barr for a failed job performance. But that won’t happen, because Barr is doing what Trump hired him to do: to protect his boss, not the American people.
 Me to What'd you do at work today? 
Workers banding together to stand up and speak out have helped shape this country and create a safer, and more equitable workplace for all Americans. On  we need to honor their fight, protect their right to organize, and defend the progress they've made. 
Yesterday involved and puppies. Great meeting Leo (and Episode coming your way this Friday! 
Colorado has: ✔️the  economy in the US ⁣ ✔️one of the top rural economies in the US⁣While being pro-business, with strict environmental ; ethical standards. ⁣⁣Rural. Urban. Public. Private. We can all experience economic progress. I believe it, because we've done it. 
 Here is my full interview with John at   he wants new leadership in antitrust*doe…
 Dem presidential candidate advances “open and fair”  policy with new 5-point plan (
 At the tonight, 2020 candidate discussed his experience bringing both sides together to…
  leadership in Denver pioneering one of the most progressive expansions of mass transit in the nation—a m…
My thoughts are with the people of Davenport, IA and small business owners downtown as they deal with the devastating impact of flood waters breaching a temporary wall. I hope that the water recedes quickly, so we can come together to begin to restore what was lost and damaged. 
Tonight is a critical fundraising deadline for our campaign. Donate now so I can be a voice for affordable, quality healthcare, climate action and common sense gun safety measures on the debate stage in June:  
 “Businesses, at all sizes, have a vested interest, a self-interest, in making sure our middle class grows. If our midd…
 I don’t think we’ve ever been this divided since the Civil War, and it’s keeping us from getting together and solving…
 “I am a proud capitalist ... but there have to be some changes to capitalism so that it begins to work for everybody.” - Presi…
 Tune in LIVE to a conversation with Former Governor of Colorado, John at 5:00 PT: 
 We don’t have to live like this. Our children sure as hell shouldn’t die like this. No other high income country would…
Join me as I sit down with and tonight at 5p PT/8p ET for a conversation on the future of our economy. Excited to discuss the plans I've introduced over the last week and what's to come. 
Colorado is the key to the West -- a purple state where only a collaborative spirit can win. We're excited for the opportunity to represent our rapidly growing diversity, vibrant rural and urban culture, and Rocky Mountain spirit in the Super Tuesday presidential primaries. 
Lea thought she would be preparing for retirement at this point, but instead she's balancing a full-time job and extra part-time work just to cover the basics and help her daughter go to college. We need a living wage that reflects the cost of living and helps people get ahead. 
 continues to use refugees fleeing for their lives and for opportunity for their children as political pawns to gin up his base. It's disgraceful. 
April 30th is a critical fundraising deadline. Donate now so I can be a voice for affordable, quality healthcare, climate action and common sense gun safety measures on the debate stage in June:  
 JUST IN: Thank you for taking the  pledge and committing to do the work to defeat Trump…
Proud to sign the  pledge, which calls on presidential candidates to run a constructive primary, rally behind the winner and do the work to beat Thanks for keeping the focus on the things that matter 
 "As governor, nudged CO to the left, passing universal background checks and civil unions, expanding Medicaid…
Marpessa works everyday to abolish poverty, bringing the community together to help people find better jobs and opportunities. Like so many of us, she believes that by pulling each other up, and backing policies that support sustainable lives, we can really make a difference. 
Local bookstores like are a place of discovery and comfort, an escape and an essential part of so many communities. Support them, not just on  but whenever you can – so our kids can know that same joy of discovery.   
The news out of Poway, CA is devastating and all too familiar. Another place of worship, another peaceful sanctuary, shattered by gun violence and hate. We cannot continue this cycle. We must stand up to hate and take real action on gun violence. Chabad of Poway, we are with you.
 Thanks to Medina for her question, and for her hard work caring for those in need of assistance as they travel through I'm proud to  and a living wage for ALL Americans.
  70% of Americans do not have a 4-year degree and don’t have the opportunity to get one. How do we take the lesson…
 But also says there should be a public option, but that private insurance shouldn't be yanked away. As Med…
 “American democracy will not function without a middle class. shares why it's so important that our economy…
 “Quality of life starts with a good job” says That’s why so many working people take the risk to speak out at work…
  we need to organize home care workers and child care workers and ensure they are properly compensated, trained, a…
  says he thinks the US should opt for a single-payer option and evolve to Medicare-for-all over time. "To get…
 Former CO Gov. says he's got a bunch of Colorado farmers and ranchers who want to campaign for him, in part…
 Asked what proposals he would support to lift wages for workers and make it easier for folks to unionize,…
 Reversing Janus is key for helping unions survive, Governor says  
  defines successful negotiation as recognizing a joint opportunity for workers and employers. More than 60 percent…
 "We will take this country to $15 an hour, and in places where the cost of living is higher, we will go above $15 an hour"…
  says he would work to raise minimum wage to $15 and in some places more, secure home-care and childcare wo…
  isn't satisfied with just raising the federal minimum wage to $15/hr – he wants to go beyond that number in cit…
About to join and for a discussion on how to increase wages and get our economy working for everyone. Watch live here:  
 “Our antitrust laws are no longer working effectively on behalf of consumers and entrepreneurs”— showing up to…
 Looks like is making a strong play for the Matt Stoller vote in the primary. He’s running on a straight u…
Please take a minute to hear Kayla's honest account of living below a sustainable wage, and share your own. The income inequality that is plaguing this nation is restricting hardworking people like her from the life that she and her kids deserve. 
Touring the training center before  today. To tackle income inequality, we must partner with labor unions to create the largest expansion of apprenticeships and skills training in our country’s history.  
 Looking forward to hearing more ideas to help working Americans from and other progressive leaders today at th…
 Thank you for having our amazing Iowa team,
The minimum wage must be a living wage. That's why, as President, I will not only set it to $15 an hour, I will make sure it's permanently tied to an area's cost of living - which means in some high-cost areas, we'll go even higher. 
 Ahead of  with ; lays out his plan to get the country to a $15/hr minimum wage…
Thanks Emanuel and Zak and Mackenzie of for hosting our Young Professionals event tonight in SF! Wonderful people, in a beautiful space, convening community members around mission-based engagement. 
 Meet dark horse from the Rockies in  He talks climate, health, pot, impeachment…
Join me live at the - happening now!
We must:- Require the FTC to monitor creeping monopolies and evaluate if existing mega-companies must be broken up- Allow the FTC to weigh all appropriate info when deciding if a merger would create a monopoly- Pass "right to repair" legislation- Limit non-compete agreements
I want every aspiring entrepreneur with a vision for their community to have the same shot at success that we had, which is why today I’m releasing a plan to help level the playing field for small businesses and address the rise of monopolies.
I'm not sure we could make happen today. With large corporations dominating their markets, we’re not allowing space for entrepreneurs to take risks - to pursue ideas that help their communities flourish.
With the support friends and family, and some local banks and funding programs willing to give us a shot, we grew and Denver’s lower downtown into flourishing hubs for community engagement and economic activity. That was decades ago. 
My heart goes out to the families of the victims in this devastating crash, and to those injured and who had to witness it. And thank you to the first responders and for your brave work. Coloradans and the country are thinking of you all today. 
The  began 5 years ago, and we still haven't fixed the problem. We should not rest until the citizens of Flint can fully trust in the water supply, and the people who failed them have been held to account. We can't let another year pass, we must finally fix this. 
 No matter what, I'd never block you on Twitter.cc:
No matter what, I'd never block you on Twitter.cc: 
Rodney is an inspiration to us all and we should follow his lead by empowering those who have faced adversity, honoring equal inherent human dignity, and making all students understand they have value — no matter their background or mistakes they’ve made. 
Today, this amazing group shared with me the hardship of full-time pay that's below a living wage. In America, we’re subjecting those who aren’t born into opportunity to a system that is rigged against them, no matter how hard they work. We can -and will- do better.  
Looking forward to it! 
Climate change is real and it's already impacting communities and ecosystems across the globe. We have to  not only for ourselves, but to protect our common home for future generations. This isn’t a partisan issue, it's the crisis of our time. Let's get to work. 
Sent to me by my friend Keith, from his farm in the Colorado plains. It’s corn-planting time and they’re out in the fields checking for moisture and depth. A nice reminder after a weekend of renewal, across faiths and terrains, that spring has sprung.  
I'm glad the FBI intervened here, but it's insufficient. There MUST be a clear message from the White House that these refugees are human beings, and that they are not subject to the will of some lawless, vigilante militia. 
In CO, we did something crazy and made voting easier- via mail-in ballots and same-day registration. I condemn this NH law and wholeheartedly support and others who are fighting to restore this right for young people in NH: to stand up, use their voices, and vote. 
The tragedy that occurred on this Easter Sunday reminds us how being able to celebrate together in peace is a gift in and of itself. My family and I are sending our love to all those who observe today’s holiday, to those who don’t, and especially to those who are in mourning.
 From Columbine to Aurora, Colorado has experienced some of the worst mass shootings in U.S. history — this former governor…
To worship should never mean to put one's life at stake. For Sri Lanka to have lost so many, and on a holy day, is not just heartbreaking. It's horrendous. The world mourns for your loss - for our global community's loss.
Beautiful service honoring Dave, Cassie, Steven, Corey, Kelly, Matthew, Daniel, Daniel, Rachel, Isaiah, John, Lauren, Kyle, along with the survivors, students, faculty, and community of Columbine. 
It's been 20 years since  and we are STILL facing a gun violence epidemic.It's time for us to come together and say "Enough."
Tomorrow is the 20th anniversary of the Columbine shooting - when Tom lost his son, Daniel. Tomorrow we must remember the victims, and we must remember the survivors and their loved ones. You can’t put a time stamp on trauma and grief, nor should we on the support we give them. 
The story of Passover is a beautiful ode to freedom - an essential human right that we all deserve, no matter who we are, what we believe in, or where we live.To all those who celebrate: wishing you a joyful seder, and a peaceful week of observance with family and loved ones.
There are times when thoughts and prayers just aren't good enough. After the mass shooting in Aurora, we took on the NRA, passing universal background checks and banning high capacity magazines in Colorado. We need that same spirit of action in Washington. 
AG Barr should work to protect the interests of the people, not the President. It's clear from this morning's press conference where his allegiances lie. The American people deserve answers.
 2020 hopeful and former Colorado Gov. John discusses Columbine and mass shootings, saying “we need go beyond” uni…
 Former Colorado Gov. keeps it local with his favorite music. The 2020 hopeful says he likes listening to bands li…
It was an honor to have served as Governor at the same time as He's a true leader who is committed to bettering his state and the nation. We are lucky to have him in this fight, working tirelessly to turn Virginia completely blue.
 was inspired to run for office after she lost her son to gun violence. She was a critical part of getting universal background checks in Colorado and works to support the "people we don't see who are still struggling with the trauma of what they've witnessed." 
So grateful to law enforcement for keeping us safe and informed throughout this threat. The tragic reality is that parents and kids across Colorado are still scared. The schools will reopen, but this trauma and fear will live with us all. We need to do more. 
As a Coloradoan, and a Denver public school parent, we cannot tolerate a world where our kids live in constant fear. In CO, we passed universal background checks and magazine limits, invested in mental health - but, in this state and across the country, we can and must do more.
All Denver metro schools closed today due to gun violence threat days before the 20th anniversary of columbine. ENOUGH.
This Saturday, the country will mark the 20th anniversary of Columbine. But it's not enough to think of the victims of gun violence this week. Mothers like Desiree live with the loss everyday. They deserve meaningful action and our long-term support. 
Today at 12 PM MT, I’ll be meeting with survivors and family members of mass shooting victims to discuss their experience, and the need for long-term support after the cameras go away. With the permission of those attending, I invite you to join us: 
This Saturday will mark 20 years since the mass shooting at Columbine High School. In those 20 years, we've seen similar tragedies unfold far too many times across this country, with little to no action from our leaders.
Candidates should not just be judged on their words today, but also what they did yesterday. I'm proud of my record of fighting back against the racial bias in our criminal justice system. We need to work to ensure that every voice is heard, and that justice is truly equal. 
Crushing. Notre Dame is not just a Cathedral, but a soaring marvel, whose beauty and rich history are felt and understood by so many across the world. Our hearts are with France as they mourn and rebuild. 
One reason I’m running for President is that I want to restore people’s faith in government. And a core part of that is electing someone who can convene a thoughtful, capable, and creative team. That’s what I did as a brewer, Mayor, and Governor, and it’s what I’ll do as POTUS. 
Ate at DaBeet's Bistro last night in Muscatine, Iowa with the team and met Chef Awad, who makes a super tasty pasta bolognese. Also, I had to post this because he just became a citizen 20 days ago. Huge congrats to you, Awad! 
Thank you to Suann and the Beancounter team for hosting us this morning. Local businesses and communities across the nation continue to open up their doors to the team and me, helping us share our vision and listen and learn. I can’t tell you how grateful we are for that. 
President Trump's personal attack against Representative Omar is vile and shameful. It's not just below the office, it's dangerous and dishonest.
Des Moines —&gt; Coralville —&gt; West Liberty —&gt; Burlington —&gt; Keokuk —&gt; Mt. Pleasant, Iowa! 
Anniversary surprise! We’re on our way. 
Public school teachers like Dan should be paid fairly and provided the resources they need to teach our children. And, by the way, they should be the ones we look to for ideas for how to fix the system. 
I suddenly feel underdressed. 
  addressing a packed in Coralville  
  greets a baby at in Coralville. It's classic political theater, but it's still adorable! 
 And has arrived in Coralville.   
Still a guy, but wishing you luck this season 
Iowans talked today about the dread of health insurance renewal day, prescription drug costs, how living in rural areas means you may not have access to quality care. We need to make America work for all, which means healthcare needs to work for all.  
 "The country is at a crisis, and at a national division - especially around  I look out to the country, after spending…
 in Des Moines: “In Colorado we got to almost universal [healthcare] coverage ... We also created one of t…
 A packed house for our conversation on  in America with and
Justice must be different. The policies we pursue to ensure safety and fairness for our citizens need to be applied equally — and people need to feel they are being applied equally — if we are to bring Americans together again.  
One more Kurt Vonnegut memory for tonight: getting roasted by my "father" back when I was "nothing but a mayor" in 2004.
I lost my dad when I was 8, but I learned so much about him through his college friend, Kurt Vonnegut. Kurt passed 12 years ago today, but like so many, I still carry his lessons with me - about life and this whacky universe. The man, the myth, the legend: You are missed. 
Great to see back in the Frozen Four! Good luck tonight team.  
 Stop by Backpocket Brewery tomorrow at 5pm to see !! 
The universe thanks you, Katie! I can only begin to imagine the effort and sheer brilliance it took to achieve this. 
About to go live with the team at Tune-in on
 John speaks at NABTU: "The union movement has given America so much of what is best about our economy and societ…
 As wraps up his speech to delegates, he says he wants people at the end of his pres…
 Hickenlooper setting the tone by laying out how Trump has sided w the right on labor issues: "It’s time we had a president…
 Hickenlooper's plan includes making community college free for those who cannot afford it, partnering companies with local…
 “We need to protect the rights and wages of all of our workers” 2019 Legislative Conference 
 2020 candidate says full policies coming but here are some highlights:➡️ $15 federal min…
  outlines workforce development plan at conference: $15/hr min wage, portable health care/paid leave,…
Joe Riley was Mayor of Charleston for 40 years - a true model of executive leadership at the local level for so many former and current mayors. It was an honor to spend part of my Saturday afternoon with him. 
Cheers to  May we always respect the craft, and enjoy the product of our labor. 
Thank you, Mount Moriah Church, for a beautiful, soulful Sunday morning. 
The federal government must provide ongoing trauma-informed care and support for survivors, victim's families and first responders based on a clinical assessment of need.
The survivors of mass shootings carry that burden forever. Federal support should not go away when the TV cameras do.
After my time in Montgomery and Charleston, I was reflecting on how far we still have to go - and then I saw this. How is this not on every network? Why wasn’t the FIRST burning on every front page?We need a leader in the White House who says clearly - this is NOT normal. 
Charleston church shooting survivors like Polly and family members of victims like Anthony have endured so much but have responded with love and forgiveness.⁣⁣Thank you to them and Mother Emmanuel Church for showing us the way. 
 Thank you Governor for stopping in Beaufort County today and sharing your message for the future!  
The questions that people ask- the concerns they have, the challenges they face- give you insight into their lives. And interestingly enough, I hear so many of the same ones across the country- from Colorado to South Carolina and beyond. We have much more in common than we think.
1st time in Okatie, SC but the community made us feel like old neighbors and friends. Thank you to Beaufort County Dems for organizing the event, Las Palmas for hosting, and the community for asking thoughtful questions about women’s rights, healthcare, the environment, and more. 
Pastors Demmer and Peters and the Denver Ministerial Alliance were invaluable partners during our police reform efforts in Denver sixteen years ago, helping us tackle racial bias and misconduct. It was an honor to reflect on the with them yesterday. 
Senator Hollings was a true public servant who dedicated his life’s work to his state. My deepest condolences to his family, and South Carolinians, during this time. 
What a warm, wonderful welcome from Alabama Dems like Val and Janet. It was great to meet so many passionate people and to share my vision for ending this crisis of division, and getting progressive things done. 
“If we have the courage and tenacity of our forebears, who stood firmly like a rock against the lash of slavery, we shall find a way to do for our day what they did for theirs.”- Mary McLeod Bethune
“In 1972 there were approximately 300,000 people incarcerated in American prisons and jails. Today, over 2.3 million Americans are imprisoned, most serving excessively long sentences. A disproportionate number are people of color."
"We have the highest incarceration rate in the world. African Americans account for about 13% of the nation’s population but are disproportionally targeted for arrest, prosecution and extreme sentences. In many states, the majority of imprisoned are black or brown."
"The racially-motivated war on drugs of the 1980s and 1990s led to the mandatory minimum sentences, which have caused severe overcrowding." -
“Our country’s national crime is lynching.” Ida B Wells
Seen at the in Montgomery, Alabama:
When you’re running for president, it’s important to take time to reflect not just on where we’re going as a country, but where we’ve been. Taking an honest look at our past is the only way to ensure that we don’t repeat it.
Words cannot describe how breathtaking and heartbreaking the is. The juxtaposition between the appallling injustices displayed and the name's tribute to peace and justice is a sobering reminder of our troubled past and our current responsibility. 
  “We must have a fierce urgency of now. When it comes to empathy, there is such a thing as being too lat…
 Rev. James Peters (in wheelchair) provides a history lesson relating the story of Rosa Parks, Martin Lu…
 Speaking at  Dem 2020 candidate John — who apologized on behalf of CO for Sand Creek massacre in 20…
 At NAN convention, former Colorado Governor and 2020 candidate John Hickenlooper calls for a presidential apology for slavery. htt…
 John at  "We must own our past, and acknowledge the shame, the sin, the injustice, and the ongoing…
 During his speech at the Convention, called for a "Presidential Apology on Slavery""We mus…
  says: “Slavery is the nagging shame of America. We must own our past and acknowledge the ongoing conseque…
 Good for  In  as Gov, he also made formal apologies to Indigenous peoples for Sand Creek Massacre.  
 Colorado Gov on reparations measure sponsored by Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Texas)“Congress should conve…
 The Honorable John Hickenlooper (Governor of Colorado) is currently speaking about mass incarceration, the legalization of ma…
 at NAN in NYC on nation's history of slavery: "We must apologize and that apology should come from the Ova…
Our progress is measured by growing freedom of conscience, mutual respect and empathy towards others. We must find the time and temperament to listen, learn, and rebuild communities. It is urgent that we not lose faith in each other, and never stop building our temple of justice.
And a great country should acknowledge its mistakes. Slavery is the nagging, unrelenting shame of America. We must own our past and acknowledge the shame, the sin, the injustice, and the ongoing consequences of enslaving an entire race of people.And we must apologize.
The US must end long-term solitary confinement;We need an intense focus on transitioning out of incarceration and "ban the box" to end discrimination in housing and employment;And as has proposed, we must convene a study on the best way to provide reparations.
We must acknowledge that our criminal justice system is rooted in structural inequality, from slavery to government-sponsored discrimination in housing. From voting suppression to the war on drugs - all used to control people and limit their political power.
Today, we face a crisis of faith and division. From the assaults on minorities, to the demonization of immigrants, and the rising tide of anti-semitism, and the terror and anxiety in our cities between police and neighbors, as MLK said, there is indeed a fierce urgency of now.
We banned solitary confinement for inmates with mental illnesses, and ended the practice for longer than 15 days. With these reforms, in just a few years we dropped solitary confinement from 700 to 18 inmates.
In CO, we made same day registration and mail-in ballots happen so that more people can vote. We legalized recreational marijuana and changed the focus of sentencing for drug use to rehabilitation and treatment. We granted clemency and commuted sentences for hundreds of people.
We fought back on the damaging impact of racial bias in policing. We did it because our basic American compact says: People have the right to be safe, unafraid, and secure in their communities.
We worked to reduce lethal force and police bias. We changed the way the police handled issues of misconduct, required all officers to go through crisis de-escalation training. We established the Office of Independent Monitor and a Civilian Oversight Commission for misconduct.
During my time as Mayor, our strength was rooted in our diversity, reflecting the richness of Denver. More than 50% of my cabinet leadership were people of color and 60% were women. Our success had little to do with me, and everything to do with the people around me - my team.
 "It's an honor to be here with so many leaders of the civil rights movement, mothers of the movement, advocates for social justice, and leaders in the black church."
Going on stage at with now! Tune in live:  
Government’s real role is to make sure that people have the opportunity to create their own version of the American dream. ⁣⁣That’s what we did in Colorado, and that’s what I want to do for this country. ⁣⁣Thank you New Hampshire, I can't wait to be back! 
Robin and I are relieved that they discovered the cancer so early, and that Michael has such a good prognosis. He is a fighter - a true Coloradan at heart.  We are here for him and Susan and their wonderful daughters. 
Red for  every dollar men make, women make 80 cents.African American women make 61 cents.Native American women make 58 cents.Latina women make 53 cents.Let's pass the Paycheck Fairness Act, and address the systemic sexism and racism that is clearly at play. 
 Declared 2020 Presidential candidate, Governor John Hickenlooper, will join us on day 3 of the 2019 National Action Network C…
"...I love people who harness themselves, an ox to a heavy cart,who pull like water buffalo, with massive patience,who strain in the mud and the muck to move things forward,who do what has to be done, again and again..."- Marge PiercyMy favorite. 
Fundraising deadlines are a lot, even when you’re the one running! ⁣⁣Please chip in anything you can and help us keep the momentum going. Your support truly means the world to us.⁣⁣ 
The mess at our border is the result of a lack of preparation and inhumane Trump administration policies that at times amount to a form of kidnapping. We must get back to being a nation of immigrants and create a system that is humane, fair, and sets us up for economic success. 
Heartbreaking. Inspiring. Trans and non-binary people have courageously looked inside themselves to find their truths. We must follow their lead and take a serious look at the systemic discrimination they face and address it. Trans rights are human rights. 
Our end of quarter fundraising deadline is midnight tonight, and any donation today will go a long way!Join the choir - this is a song we're all writing together.       Thank you for being a part of this.  
Skye Hickenlooper has a very important message for you: Last chance to donate any amount for a free bumper sticker! It's our way of saying thanks for being a founding member of this team. We couldn't do it without you.  
51 of our supporters from every state and DC:People who work with their hands, and with computers and numbers; people who work in classrooms, churches, and out in nature; people who work with adults and kids alike. This campaign is yours. Join us:  
Our brewpubs relied on the hardworking, dedicated, wonderful individuals who worked day in and day out to keep the operations running. In this land of opportunity, hard work should be rewarded, and it should help you get ahead. $15/hour wage - minimum. Let's make it happen. 
Nearly 500,000 Iowans are losing insurance after a few Republicans placed profits over people. In CO, we got near universal coverage by expanding Medicaid and creating a robust exchange. We should build on the ACA, not rip care away from working families.
And that’s not just rhetoric. It’s what we did in CO. We focused on access, not restrictions. We invested in a long-acting reversible contraception program that helped reduce our teen abortion rate by 64% between 2010-2017. Our teen pregnancy rate fell by 54% in that timeframe.
Government has no business making medical decisions for women and families. Rather, we should make sure everyone has access to affordable, high quality healthcare. THAT should be our north star... not restricting women from making their own choices about their bodies and lives. 
Join me on  this Sunday! I promise it will be more uplifting than this picture implies. 
 Politico calls "a living, breathing rebellion against the norms that once narrated our understanding of pre…
A friend sent me this photo today, and it really struck a chord. ⁣⁣⁣⁣This country is in a crisis of division, and I firmly believe it's time to talk less, listen more and work harder. We must choose action over rhetoric and results over gridlock. ⁣ 
This Sunday is a critical deadline for this campaign. Help us get closer to the 65,000 donors needed to get on the debate stage by contributing $1 now -- and get a free bumper sticker in the process!  
There’s no need to thank me, I’m just speaking the plain and honest truth. faced historic interference and obstacles in her campaign, and still won the popular vote. She’s a brilliant mind, a caring individual and a shining example to everyone in our party. 
 There’s no need to thank me, I’m just speaking the plain and honest truth. faced historic interference and obstacles in her campaign, and still won the popular vote. She’s a brilliant mind, a caring individual and a shining example to everyone in our party.
Thanks, needs student athletes embody the grit, perseverance and integrity that we should aspire to as a nation. When we fail them, we fail ourselves. Their equality should be reflected in our public funding, policies and culture -- everywhere, always. 
 Thanks, needs student athletes embody the grit, perseverance and integrity that we should aspire to as a nation. When we fail them, we fail ourselves. Their equality should be reflected in our public funding, policies and culture -- everywhere, always.
Friends! For a limited time, we are giving away a FREE  bumper sticker with any donation. It's our way of saying thanks for being a founding member of this team.Supplies are limited, so giddy up! 
Appalling. has divided our country and deliberately dehumanized immigrants and refugees - many of whom are risking everything for a chance at a better life. This administration is responding to their strength and determination with indignity. Enough. 
  check it out!
 Former Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper calls President Trump's claim that he wants to protect pre-existing conditions "par for the…
 Feeling the strangest sense of deja vu right now...
Just as we responded to the crisis of polio and the space race, we need to bring the private and public sector together to solve this climate crisis and save the only planet we have.
 and others have succeeded in galvanizing this country around climate change. Now that we have this support, it is imperative that we don’t abuse it. If climate action becomes synonymous with higher utility bills, rising taxes and lost jobs, we will have missed our shot.
The federal government also must play a very active role through smart regulation and well-calibrated tax policy to shape the markets in which these firms compete.
I am not suggesting that industry can do it alone. My version of a Green New Deal would also involve historic federal investments and incentives in electric storage, modern transmission and science to nurture the industries that will serve as the pillars of the clean economy.
To achieve the kinds of innovations needed to tackle the climate crisis, government must not shun the private sector, but rather must work closely with industry and our nation’s great research universities to find solutions and scale them rapidly to meet our ambitions.
Example: the resolution seeks a job guarantee, with full benefits, for every person in the United States. This and other provisions would produce a massive expansion of government that would likely be far too complex to execute effectively in the urgent time frame we are facing.
In addition to technological barriers, the AOC-Markey resolution sets the Green New Deal up for failure by shifting away from private sector decision making and entirely towards government - including several provisions with little connection to reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
The resolution sets unachievable goals. We do not yet have the technology needed to reach “net-zero greenhouse gas emissions” in 10 years. That’s why many wind and solar companies don’t support it: 
Some versions of the Green New Deal, such as the resolution from AOC and Senator Markey that the Senate is set to vote on this week, express laudable aims, but also take an approach that limits our prospects for success.
That is why I support the aims of the “Green New Deal” -- the concept that we should launch multiple major federal initiatives to tackle climate change and reorient our economy around clean energy. But given the stakes, it is also imperative we approach it correctly.
 withdrew our country from the Paris Climate Accords. He is expanding drilling on public lands. He is forfeiting our country’s leadership, changing our national symbol from the eagle to an ostrich, burying our head in the sand in the face of this global threat.
Climate change is a defining challenge of our time, and yet taking us in the wrong direction.
 John Hickenlooper writes for The Post: "The Green New Deal sets us up for failure. We need a better approach." 
I've seen firsthand how gun violence shatters lives, and fundamentally changes our families and communities. We have to do more to prevent this senseless violence, to honor the victims and to support the people left behind. 
Starting the day in New Hampshire with great coffee and conversation at the Littleton Diner. 
 Great to speak with after his event in Lebanon today about what he would do to  Happy to hear he would…
Taking a more grounded approach to campaigning. 
 Honored to host for his first NH event as a declared candidate for president! shared stori…
Lebanon, NH, you are amazing.Thank you to Ann Garland, the New Hampshire Upper Valley Democrats, Restaurant, and all those who came out to talk about the future of our country with me. Next time we'll get a bigger room! 
Had such a wonderful time with and the people of Concord. They printed “What’s Up Wynkoop” (my first brewpub) on the bottom of their cans last month, so I simply had to stop by! Thanks being such generous hosts. 
Sometimes flubs help you make friends! 
Stopped back in to Robie’s Country Store to – this time, officially – tell Amber personally that I’m running for president. 
First female Governor in New Hampshire’s history. First female U.S. Senator in New Hampshire’s history. First female elected as both Governor and a U.S. Senator in AMERICAN history. everybody. 
Glad to hear that shares my belief that universal health care coverage should be our primary objective, our North Star, and that we would be wise to consider the more than 150 million Americans who currently get coverage through their employers as we shape that path. 
 "What I was trying to say, however inartfully... that the question itself in some way discounts the probability that a…
 "That’s why I’m running for president, we are in the middle of a national crisis of division." -- 2020 presidential can…
So good to see and the rest of the team at Enjoyed discussing how to move this country forward with you, and hope to be back soon! 
 FRIDAY: 2020 Democratic presidential candidate and former Colorado Gov. joins us at the table to talk 
Universal coverage should be our primary objective, our North Star. That means we need strong and expanded public options, but we also need to avoid disrupting the health plans of the 150 million Americans who get coverage through their employers, many of whom are happy with it. 
Beating Donald Trump is necessary, but it is not sufficient. In this era of division, we cannot let disagreement become disengagement. We must come together and move forward in pursuit of an America that works for everyone. 
 I caught up with Hickenlooper after his  He stood by this comment, saying his point was “too often media discounts…
"Here's my vision: I think we should have the largest expansion of free skills training, and free community college in the history of this nation." 
"From one geologist to another, thank you for promoting science. Lord knows it would be nice to have someone in the White House who knows something about science." 
"The first thing I would do as President is make sure we got the right people on the Supreme Court so we don't have to worry [about Roe vs. Wade]"
After the 2012 shooting in Aurora, CO: "The would not listen to reason. But Colorado was able to pass background checks and a magazine capacity limit, for the first time of any western purple state."
 Speaking at a  here in Atlanta, speaking about the rise of right wing extremism in the US: “I think…
"Health care should be a right, not a privilege" 
"The random injustice [of the death penalty] is something this country should not stand for." 
"Our system of incarceration is a dramatic failure." 
“I think where states do legalize marijuana, the federal government should get out of the way” 
 Getting ready for  
 Looking forward to hosting a watch party for the CNN Town Hall tonight. 
Tonight's the night. Tune in at 8pm MT/10pm ET, or join one of our Town Hall watch parties - check the link here to see if there are any near you!  
I also believe that we absolutely must achieve universal medical coverage, so that people can change jobs, change careers, or start new businesses like I did, without worrying whether they will have a gap in health insurance or access to a retirement savings vehicle.
That's why a national plan for the American workforce would also increase the minimum wage to $15 per hour, rethink the employment system so that it supports people in the "gig" economy, and create paid family and medical leave.
The traditional definition of a job is shifting in the future, but today, we need to make sure work really pays and that people have adequate benefits.
A national strategy would mean a historic investment in skills training and apprenticeships. It would enlist labor unions, good corporate citizens, and civic organizations to join an effort that ensures people have the skills companies need to drive our economy forward.
I am calling for a national strategy for the American workforce. America only works when the economy works for everyone, especially for the nearly 70% of Americans who will not graduate with a four year college degree.
Today, new jobs are disproportionately low-wage and low-skill. They are less secure and pay less than before. In our "hour glass" economy, we have large swaths stuck at the bottom, a hollowed out middle, and a top growing with sky-high incomes and wealth.
It's time for a national plan for the American workforce that helps the 70% of people who will not graduate with a four year degree. I'm calling for a historic effort to drive our 21st century economy forward - for everyone. Read more here:
Thank you to the people of Jamestown, Mayor Schoedinger, and all those who help their communities recover and rebuild from disaster. You have taught me so much. 
So proud of my wife, Robin, and her work with Tomorrow we'll be celebrating  their campaign to teach the power of growing healthy, real food. Make the pledge at  and join us by planting a seed with your friends and family! 
If you live in Iowa SD30, today is the day to bring it home for Find your polling place here:  
When President Obama came to Colorado after the Aurora shooting in 2012, he said that part of his job was to be the Consoler-in-Chief.Jacinda Ardern is doing this. We should all strive to be as strong and compassionate a leader as she. 
Less than 24 hours left to sign up to host a Town Hall watch party! You'll get some signs and stickers and I'll be hopping on the phone with confirmed parties right after I leave the stage to say a big thanks.   
Devastating floods are hitting our neighbor, Nebraska, and parts of Iowa after last week's storm. We in Colorado know what destruction like this does to a state. They need our support - see suggestion below for ways to help. 
It's official: I'll be participating in my first Town Hall this Wednesday, 8pm MT/10pm ET.⁣⁣⁣⁣Want to host a watch party in your community? We'll get you everything you need - rally signs, stickers, and more. Sign up here!  
Best part of this interview process? Getting to meet the nicest, most welcoming, most thoughtful of folks. We started in Iowa last weekend, guess where we’re going next?⁣⁣Sign up to be the first to know about our travels: ⁣ 
“Even though we can’t vote, we can take a stand.” Leadership isn't determined by age, but by courage. Today, thousands of leaders are marching around the world on behalf of our global citizens and our planet. If this doesn't energize you, I don't know what will.  
The horrific news out of New Zealand has the world in mourning. At least 49 lives lost. 49 people gunned down while engaged in peaceful prayer. These acts of terror are no longer an anomaly. We need to address this culture of deep seeded division and Islamophobia head on.
One week ago today, thousands of people joined me in Denver to support an end to this crisis of division and enjoy great music. The energy was incredible, and we're just getting started, folks. Giddy Up! 
 Some things are better left to the imagination. 
 Presidential hopeful John tells Seth why he doesn’t want to totally distance himself from capitalism. 
In 30 states, LGBTQ people are at risk of being fired, evicted or denied services simply because of who they are. That's not fair, and it's not what America is about. It's time to finally pass the  
Last night, late night, I talked with about how we need to reinvent American capitalism to work not just for the few, but for the many.Also talked about a few silly campaign ads I did. Can someone find those?
A funny guy. And a late night host named Seth.⁣⁣⁣⁣Tune in tonight to on NBC! 
Iowa SD30 voters - I met a bunch of you this weekend before you canvassed for in the pouring rain and slippery ice. Your heart got you this far, and voting will help you cross the finish line. Vote, vote! 
Calling Dems in Arizona, Maine, Pennsylvania and more: Don't forget that elections aren't just in November! Some important special elections are being held today and throughout the week. Get out there, stand tall for Democrats, and vote! 
 accused me of being ashamed of capitalism. The reality is, I'm ashamed of him. 
Over $1 trillion slashed from Medicaid and Medicare, 90% less funding for Great Lakes clean-up, and further cuts to already anemic education funding - but the wall is still front and center. This isn't a "Budget for a Better America," it's a con job.  
Seth, you're still registered to vote in New Hampshire, right? 
To accomplish real change, you need to not only have the vision, but the team and the tenacity to get it done. That's what I brought to Denver, that's what I brought to Colorado and that's what I can bring to America.⁣  
  is interviewing live at  Watch here.  
But when tens of millions of Americans do not have even $500 in the bank, capitalism is not working for them.
As a small businessman who created jobs and a Governor who cut red tape and reduced regulations, I believe in the role that the private sector plays in driving innovation and growth.
Howard, comments like this make it easier for Trump to win. Rather than this ridiculous, divisive focus on labels, we need to be discussing how to actually make the economy work for everyone. 
 I'm talking to tomorrow at  what should I ask him?
Jack was nice enough to let me try out his piano during the house party in Dubuque.⁣ 
A packed house in Des Moines last night! Thanks to all for coming out and showing that we can talk policy AND have fun. To you were the best host. Small businesses are the heart of our communities. And boy do you have a lot of heart. Thank you! 
 2020 hopeful ; former Gov. John holds a live Q;A in Iowa, hosted by ; … 
Saw this at in Des Moines. Love. A state has many facets, many neighborhoods, many economies. Communities that make up a whole. 
My mom was widowed twice before the age of 40. Though only 5’0, she always stood tall for us. Her silent strength and big love guided us through tragedies and triumphs. I think of her today, and of all the women who have shaped our lives and our nation.  
Thank you Denver for an incredible start to this campaign. I am honored and humbled. 
No one person can heal the fractures in America today. But if enough of us accept the challenge, if we work hard enough, we can make the impossible, possible. Together, we can turn this winter of division into a season of hope.
Being a pragmatist doesn’t mean saying ‘no’ to bold ideas; it means knowing how to make them happen. That’s my record. And that will be my promise as President.
I am a dreamer and a do-er. And we need both to make real progress. Not just big ideas, but making them happen. Finding common ground when it seems like there’s nothing there but mountains between us.
It’s one of America’s great talents, building dreams tomorrow we didn’t know were possible today.
We’ll undo years of efforts to disenfranchise African American voters and Latino voters and even young voters. And end this assault on the foundations of our democracy.
We’ll renew our commitment to the fundamental strength behind American success. It’s right there in the Great Seal of our country: "Out of many, one."
"Let me tell you, when I am president we will declare that healthcare is a RIGHT"
Along the way, I learned something that never figured out: it isn’t how many times you yell “you’re fired,” but instead, how many times you say “you’re hired.”
I understand I’m not the first person in this race or the most well-known person in this race. But let me tell you: at 4 syllables and 12 letters, “Hickenlooper” is now the biggest name in the race.
It’s time to end this American crisis of division. It’s time to bring all Americans together. And that’s why I’m running to be President of the United States of America!
This isn’t about unity for unity’s sake. America stops working when we work against each other. Our country stops making progress when we hunker down on opposite sides of continental divides – Blue vs Red, rich vs poor, urban and rural.
 measures progress by the number of enemies he creates. He believes that by tearing others down he raises himself up. These are not the metrics of America’s greatness.
We have every right to live in a land that’s the home of hope. But these days, that’s not how it feels in America. It feels like we’re living in a heaving crisis, years in the making, spawned by dysfunctional politics. Defined above all by this president.
"John and I fought the NRA. It was a tough fight, and we still have the scars to prove it. But in the end John Hickenlooper signed into law a bill that required background checks for all gun buyers!" - CO State Representive
"I know you agree with John when he says we need a bridge builder, not a wall builder." - Denver
"From every corner of the state, to every corner of the country -- we all matter to John." - Keith Bath, Colorado Farmer and Rancher
Gates are open at in Denver! Come join us for John's free kick-off rally with and more. 
DENVER! is ready for tonight, are you? Doors open at 5 PM!You can still RSVP here: 
I didn't start my business alone. I didn't revitalize downtown Denver alone. And I certainly didn't lead Colorado alone. Progress isn't an individual effort, it takes great teams -- and that's what we're building with this campaign.Join us:  
30 years ago, was just an idea. We scrubbed toilets, sanded floors, and brewed through the night. We dreamt it and then we did it.Today, I stood here as a presidential candidate. Starting from scratch. Same grit. We are dreaming it, and together, we’ll do it. Giddy up! 
One million dollars in just 48 hours - wow! No corporate PAC money. All grassroots contributions. Your support goes a long way... from creating signs to supporting our fantastic team to helping us get our message out there. Let's keep it going!  
Despite appearances, I've got 2020 vision.Read more here:  
We're on the verge of hitting a BIG fundraising milestone! Don't hedge on this, help us hop over the finish line. Donate what you can:  - Team Hedgehopper 
When I lost my dad at 8, I learned to live by my mom's guiding words: “You can’t control what life throws at you, but you can control how you respond.” Many of you are countering our crisis of division with courage and kindness. Know that I’m listening, learning, and inspired. 
ICYMI: I'm asking you to interview me for President. Our country is in crisis, and we need someone who knows how to bring people together and get things done. This is my record, but I've never done it alone. Join me:  
Skye and I haven't yet figured out how to master videos on the first take. While we work on that, we'd love for you to join us on this adventure. Chip in at:  
A strong and sustainable economy can't be built with smoke and mirrors. Under my watch, Colorado jumped from 40th in job creation to the  economy in the nation. Workforce development programs and educational initiatives have been the backbone of creating opportunity for all.
When we stand tall for all we believe in and stand up against all that divides us, America will be stronger than ever. Contribute now to help us build a different kind of campaign. 
Equality, opportunity, security, and dignity for all Americans. Anyone who threatens that, threatens the fabric of America. Bottom line. In 2012, facing long odds, I called a special session with a Republican legislature to pass Civil Unions. And we got it done the next year.
This country is a web of interconnected communities. Yesterday, one of our own was devastated by horrifying tornadoes. Alabama, we know we can't get back the lives lost, but we can - and will - help you recover and rebuild. We are so sorry, and we are here for you.
Beating Donald Trump is essential, but it's not sufficient. We need lasting progressive change. 
I've stood up to bullies all my life, including the NRA. When gun violence shattered Aurora, CO in 2012, they tried to drown out those of us calling for action. We fought back and became the first Western state to pass universal background checks and ban high-capacity magazines.
Climate action can't wait. We must rejoin the Paris Agreement and transition to a renewable economy. In CO, I got industry and environmentalists together to set some of the strictest methane regulations in the US, taking the equivalent of 320,000 cars off the road each year.
Healthcare: it's a right, not a privilege. That's not just rhetoric, that's something I worked to make a reality as Governor of Colorado. We expanded Medicaid, created a health exchange, and now, nearly 95% of Coloradans have healthcare coverage.
A lot of people are hearing about me for the first time and asking me about what I believe in.
I'm running for President and we're kicking things off with a Rocky Mountain-Style rally in Denver! Come join me, and more this Thursday in Civic Center Park starting at 6 PM. ⁣⁣RSVP now for details and to secure your spot:  
If you had told me at this age I'd someday be an entrepreneur, I would have laughed. If you had told me I'd get into politics, I wouldn't have believed you. ⁣⁣⁣But today, this Geologist, Brewer, Mayor, and Governor is submitting his application to be your next President.⁣⁣ 
We need a leader who can bring people together and get stuff done. As a successful entrepreneur, Mayor, and Governor, I’ve proven that I can build and lead amazing teams of talented people- a key ingredient to effecting real progressive change. I hope you'll join me. 
Good things coming on today. Excited to see my friend and talk about my vision for a unified America. 
