Breitbart: "‘Bobby Jindal Was Right’ On Muslim No-Go Zones" 
I just signed an Executive Order instructing state agencies to take all available steps to stop the relocation of Syrian refugees to LA.
President Obama staying the course on our ISIS “strategy" is the definition of insanity.
My letter to In light of Paris terrorist attacks, time to pause process of refugees coming to the US 
We must destroy Radical Islam.
It’s time for Americans to discard political correctness and come to terms with the truth -- Radical Islam is evil and plans to destroy us.
This isn't an attack just on France. It's an attack on freedom and freepeople everywhere.
I’m speaking live at the  Watch here: 
Our thoughts are with the people of France. Please say a prayer for Paris as they deal with this horrible attack.
 "The willingness to take on tough jobs and tough issues runs throughout his career" 
 I agree with this strongly -; 
 Conservative Voters Should Give Bobby Jindal A Chance: 
  on the grassroots surge in the GOP primary: There's a sense of urgency and that the idea of America is sli…
 “The Best Man For The Job” 
President Obama has encouraged a culture of professional victimhood and grievance: 
Read my new blog post on the absurdity happening at the University of Missouri ; other campuses around the country: 
The absurdity of political correctness on college campuses is laughable, but the consequences are not: 
The failed progressive experiment over the last 7 years has produced more poverty and inequality.
We can't afford to send a big government Republican to the WH. We have too many of those already in DC. 
Retweet if you think big government spending is wrong and immoral. 
We cut the government economy to grow the Louisiana economy. It worked.
  ON  It's not personal. This is about who is willing to go to D.C. and fight for us. 
  talking with on Tune in now! 
 and I will discuss last night’s  at noon ET on Don’t miss it.
Here is the reality of big government spending: We are stealing money from our kids. That is wrong. That is immoral.
At 11:30ET, I'm live on where I’ll talk about last night's  Tune in!
We can't afford to send a big government Republican to the WH. We have too many of those already in DC. 
Thank you to our Veterans, who run towards danger, not away from it, so that we can live in the greatest country in the history of the world
Let’s not just beat Hillary Clinton, let’s elect a real conservative to the White House.  
I don't just talk about cutting government. I actually did it. 
 Watch: Bobby Jindal Offers Chris Christie a ‘Participation Ribbon and a Juice Box’ 
We need a President with a proven track record of cutting government to fix our country's spending problem. 
My conservative alternative to Obamacare focuses on restoring power to patients ; doctors:  
Records matter. 
I'll give the other governors a ribbon ; juice box for trying to cut government but I'm the only one who has done it 
 More Jindal post-game: "I think Chris didn't answer those questions because he couldn't answer those questions."
  says Americans need to teach their children to respect the military.   
Let’s not just beat let’s elect a real conservative to the White House. 
It's time for a President who believes in American Exceptionalism again. 
We purposefully decided to shrink the size of government in Louisiana. It worked.  
It’s time we focus on growing the economy, not the government.   
FACT: I’m the only one running for president who has cut the size and scope of government.  
I wrote a healthcare plan to repeal Obamacare ; replace it with a conservative alternative:  
In Louisiana, we instituted pro-growth reforms to bring investment and jobs to our state. It worked.  
 
 Bobby Jindal's claim that he's the only governor running who cut spending is true:  
I am the only one running for president that has actually cut state spending. Everyone else is all talk.  
The big government crowd hates what we have done – they say we have cut govt more than anyone. Guilty as charged. 
Louisiana has more people living ; working, w/ higher incomes, than ever before:   
We can't afford to send a big government Republican to the WH. We have too many of those already in DC.  
Pre-debate prayer. 
The  is about to start! Tune in to or watch online here: 
We’re 30 minutes from the start of the  If you don’t have the channel, you can watch here: 
Excited to be in Milwaukee for the  Just finished the candidate walk-through. 
We cut the size of the Louisiana government, and we must do the same on the federal level.  
Supriya and I are saddened by the passing of musician Allen Toussaint. New Orleans has lost a legend.
I wrote detailed policy plans that lay out my vision for America. Read them here:  
Conservative reforms worked in Louisiana, and they will work for America. 
The US must have a President who will once again say clearly that Israel is our friend ; we stand firmly with them. 
"His willingness to fight is something needed in Washington, DC."   
  has filed with for President 
Retweet if you agree: Immigration without assimilation is invasion.
Geaux Tigers! 
Had a great time at Saints Pub in Waukee today. May need to come back to watch a game here!  
Great pick by Lee Corso on  
I had a great time at the Muscatine County GOP Fall Dinner.   
  "worldview is built upon his faith, and his governance is guided by his worldview." 
 Thank you -we received your papers of 1,000 signatures. He's all in! Welcome to the htt…
We’ve written our own plan and campaigned on it, rather than just complaining about Obamacare. 
 Under leadership Louisiana was named the most  state in the nation by 6 yrs in a row. 
 "We Endorse Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal for President"   
 you said you'd debate anyone, anytime...let's have a debate on repealing ; replacing Obamacare next week. 
Obama’s rejection of  will flush American jobs down the drain... all to appease the agenda of science denying radicals.
Thousands of high quality energy sector jobs will be left on the altar of Obama’s environmental extremism. 
President Obama is bowing to radical environmentalists and snubbing thousands of high quality, high paying energy sector jobs. 
 Bobby Jindal gets endorsement from Caffeinated Thoughts writer an Iowa Christian conservative. 
 We Are Proud to Endorse Louisiana Governor for President   
Honored to earn the endorsement of a leader in the Iowa conservative movement:   
Great to be back in Iowa at the American Renewal Project dinner in Des Moines.   
If people want to live in America, they should come legally, learn English, roll up their sleeves and get to work.
Obamacare was sold on lies that it would improve quality ; lower costs. It has done neither ; needs to be repealed. 
The big government crowd hates what we have done – they say we have cut govt more than anyone. Guilty as charged. 
👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾 
 great impression on Still think your best work was Harold ; Kumar Go to White Castle though. Am I right
Retweet if you agree: Immigration without assimilation is invasion.  
Retweet if you think ALL parents should be able to choose the best school for their kids.  
 Slade’s banded duck that he shot last season arrived stuffed ; mounted. Not sure if Bobby or Slade was more excited! htt…
 "Bobby Jindal on Iowa Success: ‘We’re building a movement’" 
Why in the world as Republicans are we trying to seek the approval of liberal, mainstream, outdated media outlets? 
We have more people working than at any time in our state’s history, with the highest incomes in our state’s history 
Here is some of the media reaction to yesterday’s Iowa poll:    
Retweet if you agree that Obamacare needs to be repealed. 
ICYMI: "Jindal rising in Iowa."   
If you want to lead the free world, you should be required to tell the voters how you will do it. 
When there is less competition, prices rise. That's what is happening with Obamacare. I have a plan to repeal it. 
The next  participants should be required to be smart enough to have a plan to replace Obamacare. 
 Poll: Jindal ahead of Bush in Iowa  
NEW POLL: Jindal up to 5th in Iowa. Donate $3 to help keep the momentum going.  
Momentum keeps building in Iowa. We're up to 5th place. Help us build our grassroots movement. 
School choice can break the cycle of poverty. Conservative principles work. 
Bryan is a good man ; sets a great example for others. Louisiana is lucky to have folks like Bryan at 
Read my detailed plans on health care, education, defense, energy and taxes.   
Geaux Saints! What a game by
The Mannings' are a great Louisiana family. Pretty good at football too. Excited to have Archie on Team Jindal. 2/2
Shaan decided to dress as the hometown boy for Halloween this year. (Still a diehard ; fan) 1/2 
  says there won’t be real change in DC until “we force term limits down their throats and fire them all.”  
I'm speaking right now at the  in Des Moines. Watch here:   
"Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal is catching fire on the trail here in the Hawk Eye state"  
This weekend our family is raising awareness to encourage pet adoption. Proud of our kids for being so passionate. 
Retweet if you agree: Immigration without assimilation is invasion.  
 In calling for term limits, says founding fathers never intended "permanent political class."  
I’m about to speak at the Iowa Caucus Consortium Candidate Forum. Watch it here:   
 Your Choice, Your Voice: See Examiner livecall video 
We had a choice, and we chose to grow the Louisiana economy instead of the government economy.
I’ve got the courage to apply our conservative principles, but I can’t do it alone. I need your help.
We had a choice, and we chose to grow the Louisiana economy instead of the government economy.
Socialism is bad not only for taxpayers but for people they say they're trying to help.
Louisiana’s economy is stronger today than it was 8 years ago. 
I want EVERY American to worry and care about how the folks in DC are spending our money.
The Left thinks it's a criticism to say I cut taxes and cut government. I did that on purpose.
This is what happens if Bernie Sanders becomes President. Help stop him:    
We cut the budget 26% in 8 years. Here are the numbers:   
My message is to conservatives; this is our hour.
School choice can break the cycle of poverty. Conservative principles work.  
As Governor I cut our budget 26%, passed 8 balanced budgets ; we're now a top 10 state for job growth  
  "Socialism is bad not only for taxpayers but for people they say they're trying to help." 
My tax plan reduces the amount of money the federal government will be able to spend.  
Louisiana ranks top ten in the nation for private sector job growth since 2008:   
  "The last 7 years, has tried to teach the American people that government is the answer to all of our pr…
The Left always complains there’s not enough money for government. 
It’s time we focus on growing the economy, not the government.  
  We did the largest income tax cut in [Louisiana] state history... that's the kind of leadership voters want…
The big government crowd hates what we have done – they say we have cut govt more than anyone. Guilty as charged. 
Conservative reforms worked in Louisiana, and they will work for America:   
  "Out of all these folks talking, I'm the only one that has cut the size of government." 
A lot of candidates will talk about cutting government. I'm the ONLY one that has done it.  
The  is about to start. Tune in to at 6:00 PM Eastern time.
Read my detailed, conservative policy plans here:   
In Boulder doing our  walk through. 
As Governor I cut our budget 26%, passed 8 balanced budgets ; we're now a top 10 state for job growth  
Our reforms have made Louisiana more competitive ; helped create the biggest economic revival our state’s ever seen. 
Hillary Clinton wants to grow the govt in Washington, but we want to grow the real economy out here in America. 
Shrinking government. Growing the economy. 
People who come to America should want to be Americans.
The big government crowd hates what we have done – they say we have cut govt more than anyone. Guilty as charged. 
We cut the government economy to grow the Louisiana economy. 
The Left is willing to force socialism down our throats. Why won't GOP fight just as hard for America and freedom? 
Shaan sent this present to to help the Gov settle their bet from LSU's win over Florida!  
From Jindal tears into GOP 'surrender caucus’ 
Louisiana’s economy is stronger today than it was 8 years ago. 
  believes he can with the Iowa Caucus with 98 days to go. Hear why via  
Voters are looking for someone who can get the job done. 
"Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal is working Iowa hard with the hopes he could be the state’s surprise victor of 2016." 
From my editorial board interview: Conservative reforms work.
Hard fought road win today 
Conservative reforms worked in Louisiana, and they will work for America.
We purposefully decided to shrink the size of government.
I sat down with today in Des Moines.   
Honored to share my testimony at Faith Baptist Bible College in Ankeny.   
During my Ed Board, I talked about religious liberty, Planned Parenthood, health care and other issues. 
I’m about to go live with Catch the show here:   
Does Donald Trump love Iowa?
 News Digital Live Interview with 
I cut government spending as governor and I will do the same thing as president.  
Via "He boasted that Louisiana has intentionally cut taxes to shrink the size of government” 
Yesterday I sat down with the Editorial Board. Here is the recap of the conversation: 
I’m live on with at 9:05AM CT. Listen live here:   
We have many healthcare providers in Louisiana that provide care for women without harvesting baby organs.  
 It's "offensive analogy" to equate traditional marriage support to racism,  tells board member wh…
  says Repubs are angry with party, especially with defunding  and  
 Too often the left has given people health insurance cards, and called that success. It isn't. - 
 "I think there is a movement in D.C. to de-emphasize the role in Iowa," said. Says RNC wants establishment cand…
About to talk w/ Editorial Board about DC establishment ; RNC ignoring early states w/ debate criteria: 
 Save this link to watch meeting with the editorial board at 2 pm today  
Democrats are now left with a socialist or a candidate under FBI investigation. Let's embrace our conservative principles, and we will win.
At 2:00PM CT, I’ll be sitting down with the Editorial Board. 
 Jindal on K;F, "Trump Is An Ego Maniac, He Is Not A Serious Candidate":  
Republicans in D.C. have become the surrender caucus.
 will you ; Senate GOP follow the lead of LA, AR, NH, AL, UT ; TX and ACT (not just talk) to defund Planned Parenthood? 
I know there are a lot of Republicans in DC who like to talk; it’s time for them to act.
At 1:30 ET, tune in to where I’m live with
  shares inspirational stories from his new book 'American Will' 
  “I’m the youngest candidate in race, with longest resume” 
I’m live on Coast to Coast with Tune into at noon ET.
We’re not backing down from this fight with Planned Parenthood. We’re going to fight to protect innocent life.
I’m live with right now. Watch here: 
All the Senators running for President-Cruz, Rubio, Paul, Graham-talk about defunding PP. But they haven't. We did. 
Republicans in DC like to talk. It's time for them to act and fight for conservative principles like I've done in Louisiana. 
  "The Republicans in DC have become the surrender caucus...they need a backbone transplant."  
We aren't backing down over Planned Parenthood's lawsuit. I will always fight to protect innocent human life. 
I'm up next on  Tune in to now.
I'm on  tonight. Make sure to tune in to
Tonight I’m in the studio with to talk about my new book. Don’t miss it. 
Obamacare penalties and premiums are skyrocketing; shocking to Democrats but common sense to everyone else. 
Every candidate will talk about cutting govt spending. I am the ONLY one that has done it.  
Happy Anniversary to my best friend and love of my life, 
Great win tonight Proud of the Tigers 6-0 start!
 
The US must have a President who will once again say clearly that Israel is our friend ; we stand firmly with them. 
 This week, we lit the Governor's Mansion pink for National Breast Cancer Awareness Month.  
 can’t dictate our religious beliefs, and she certainly can’t take our guns. 
Today, came out in favor of gun confiscation. Add your name to our petition and tell her “NO." 
Israel shouldn’t engage in “dialogue” with terrorists, Israel should destroy them – and the US should stand w/ Israel when they do so. (2/2)
Hillary Clinton's call for “dialogue” as the solution to end the Palestinian terrorist attacks is flat out wrong. (1/2)
Shaan made his annual bet w/ for the LSU/UF game this weekend. I think we got this one.  
Full room at the Davenport Elks Lodge.   
Here is more from my interview with on TV: 
“In Dyersville, Jindal says Dems' plan revolves around 'more free stuff.'" 
 this great front page from the about my trip to Iowa.    
Some things are more important than the peculiar notions of etiquette in the world’s most dysfunctional body. 
 op-ed: Ending the filibuster is not only the reasonable thing to do, it is the conservative thing to do. 
 Gov. skeptical of leaders who say they don’t need faith in their lives:  
Sadly, Jeb has accepted the left’s demand for more government dependence. Jeb’s plan is Obamacare lite. 
I wrote detailed policy plans that lay out my vision for America. Read them here:  
I sat down with on TV. Watch highlights here: 
My tax plan reestablishes the idea that everyone is expected to help row the boat.  
My thoughts on the  
Democrats are debating whether capitalism is a good thing. Naturally. 
Phrases you won’t hear at the  Radical Islam, wasteful spending, baby organ harvesting, illegal immigration, or school choice.
Yesterday I was on TV and told about when Pres Obama told governors, "you aren’t smart enough." 
I’m live with in 5 minutes. Listen here: 
Jeb’s plan is silent on the little detail of what it will cost, which is a hallmark of all things Washington. 
Packed house at the Pizza Ranch in Decorah.   
My plan focuses on the real problem with health care in America – the need to reduce costs.  
Jeb’s plan and Obamacare are both new federal entitlement programs. 
 Jindal: Jeb should take Biden's place at Dem debate for proposing 'Obamacare lite’ 
There's an empty podium at tonight's Democrat debate. should take it and argue for his Obamacare-lite health care proposal.
Hillary and Obama are in a race to see which of them can be the most extreme in trying to destroy the 2nd Amendment: 
Great crowd at AMVETS Post  in Cedar Falls tonight   
I wrote a healthcare plan to repeal Obamacare ; replace it with a conservative alternative:  
My tax plan requires every American to have skin in the game.  
The only way to fix our debt problem is to make Washington live within its means. 
We must focus on growing the economy, not the government.  
 Jindal’s Impressive Tax-Reform Plan Deserves Attention  
On Friday, I was on If you missed the hour long interview, you can catch the whole thing here: 
Gun control is not the answer.
Quick Clicks: Cultural rot and a tax system that makes sense practically and philosophically. 
 Bobby Jindal: Umpqua shooter’s dad ‘has no right to be lecturing’ us on gun control   
The left won’t address the problem head on; we need to fix our culture. 
Passing more laws to take away rights from law abiding Americans won't solve this problem.
Gun control isn’t the answer, we need cultural renaissance and spiritual revival.
We must embrace our own principles and nominate a candidate who will intellectually and morally stand their ground. 
DC was not designed to have a permanent political class like we have today. Add your name if you agree: 
This week on Iowa TV:
The govt spends too much. My plan will reduce the amount of money the govt has to spend.  
 you say you will "stand up to Washington" but you can't even stand up to Trump on single payer healthcare 
Great turnout at the Pizza Ranch in Orange City.   
When taxes are lowered, revenues rise and growth follows. 
We are praying for families of the victims of today’s deadly plant explosion in Gibson.
We cannot keep dividing Americans into a resentful contributing class and an entitled dependent class. 
 "When taxes are lowered, revenues rise and growth follows." - Gov. Bobby Jindal
Under my tax plan, wages increase, jobs are created and federal spending is cut.  
Saddened by the death of legendary Louisiana Chef Paul Prudhomme. He brought Cajun and Creole cooking into the national spotlight.
Shrinking the size of government is one of the central arguments of this election. 
Here’s what people in Iowa are seeing on TV.  
Yesterday I released a detailed tax plan. I made my case in a piece today: 
Everybody's gotta pay something. Too many Americans just think that money just grows on trees.
 Bobby Jindal: Everybody's got to pay taxes  
 Bobby Jindal’s Ambitious Tax Plan: 
From my interview with “Earned success is so much better than unearned success.”
 wants to arm the Iranians and disarm Americans. 
I’m live with at 3:30pm CT to discuss my new tax plan. You don’t want to miss it.
My new tax plan "would have a profound impact on the size and scope of the federal government." 
My tax plan reduces the amount of money the federal government will be able to spend.  
From today’s Wall Street Journal: "Mr. Jindal takes a different tack on taxes than his GOP rivals." 
Our current tax system is broken:  
 If you think that's good...  
It’s time we focus on growing the economy, not the government.  
My tax plan requires every American to have skin in the game.  
I'll make a deal with you if you watch these videos  I'll read your book. -Bobby
We added a new item to the campaign store. Get yours today. 
Momentum continues to build, Iowa has taken notice, and the media is catching on too.
As long as we place no value on human life ; glorify senseless violence and evil, we will get the exact same result: 
Jindal Quick Clicks: and 
 always great to talk energy policy with you.   
Hillary and Obama are in a race to see which of them can be the most extreme in trying to destroy the 2nd Amendment: 
If anyone is at all serious about changing any of these mass shootings, they must address the root problems. 
These acts of evil are a direct result of cultural rot, and it is cultural rot that we have brought upon ourselves. 
Mass shootings are a symptom of deep and serious cultural decay in our society. Let that sink in for a minute. 
 Jindal: Republican Voters Are Looking for Someone to 'Get Things Done' 
Congrats to my friend on making the jump to conservative radio. I’m certain will be in great hands under
A new NBC/Marist poll shows I've moved up to 5th place in Iowa!    
  says movement building in Iowa 
We have not had one vote in either the House or the Senate on how they would actually replace Obamacare.
Up with the birds for 
We’re moving up in the 2016 Power Index! Check out the video:
Momentum is building in Iowa.    
There is growing momentum in Iowa, and people are starting to take notice.  
Sanctuary City leaders enable crime, and are accomplices to crimes committed by illegals:  
"Jindal’s likability and strong appeal to social conservatives is earning him fans, if not full converts." 
Jindal Quick Clicks: Check out these 3 stories about our growing momentum in Iowa.   
At campaign events across Iowa in the 2 days follows him, Louisiana's governor is always the last man standing. 
Wow what a way to record a 400th TD pass! Great game and congrats You make Louisiana proud. 
The road to liberalism’s false utopia is built on territory ceded by conservatives. 
My conservative alternative to Obamacare  focuses on restoring power to patients ; doctors:  
The world cannot continue to be silent about Iran’s threats. We must stand with Israel: 
Let’s go I’m predicting breaks 300 yards! 
We must embrace our own principles and nominate a candidate who will intellectually and morally stand their ground. 
DC was not designed to have a permanent political class like we have today. Add your name if you agree: 
President Obama has demonstrated a consistent disregard for Israel. America must stand with our friend and ally: 
 and others are putting short-term political expedience above principle. 
"Jindal calls for return to Judeo-Christian heritage."   
I’m the only candidate with a detailed plan to repeal and replace Obamacare.  
 why won't you stand up to on single payer healthcare? That's not conservative leadership. 
  Donald Trump doesn't get it. Health care is the GOP's Alamo  
Great to sit down with from this morning.    
If refuses to denounce universal healthcare plan, he is complicit in it: 
If Donald Trump has a political philosophy at all, it is plutocratic hypocrisy. 
Powerful speech by The world cannot continue to be silent about Iran’s threats. We must stand w/ Israel: 
My conservative alternative to Obamacare focuses on restoring power to patients ; doctors:  
I was on with where I spent 40 minutes talking about policy, my childhood, and you guessed it… Bradley Cooper. 
"Jindal should be the choice of conservatives.”   
It was great to chat with Dan Gable after tonight’s Believe Again town hall in Iowa. 
There are only a few hours left until the fundraising quarter ends. Can you chip in tonight?
Have you seen our new shirt? Get yours today. 
Louisiana has been rated the most pro-life state the past 6 years. DC Republicans could learn a thing or two from us. 
I’m tired of the DC establishment saying “there’s nothing we can do.” I’m ready to lead on day one. 
Trumpcare is just Obamacare by a different name: 
"Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal has done most of the things conservatives want the next president to do as governor.” 
We defunded Planned Parenthood in Louisiana. Senate Republicans need to do the same in DC. 
New store item! Grab one of our new shirts today!  
I wrote 4 detailed policy plans that lay out my vision for America. Read them here:   
New Jindal for President shirts are available. Buy one today. 
Donald Trump says a lot of “good things.” 
Changing the name to “Trumpcare” doesn’t make Obamacare any better. 
GOP should set up screens in DC playing Planned Parenthood videos so the left can’t deny they exist.
America is on the verge of an economic renaissance. I wrote an energy plan to create jobs:  
Does Trump exaggerate? I’ll let him answer…
Donald Trump speeches sound really familiar.
Donald Trump: “The government's gonna pay for it.” 
The ACLU has gone too far in its war on Christianity. We won’t stand for it in Louisiana. 
Our thoughts and prayers are with Devon Gales and the whole family.
Read the detailed conservative policy papers I wrote. 
Trump agrees with Obama and Clinton on the need for socialized medicine and a government takeover of health care: 
Meet newest policy advisor. 
'Trumpcare’ – Government dependence for all: 
Today, announced a really really really... Really really ridiculously…  
America needs term limits. Both parties have done a terrible job in DC, and it’s time we clean house: 
 Iran's priority is not to create jobs. It is to destroy Israel and the United States. THAT is why they chant "death to America."
I'm live this morning on local Iowa TV. Catch me with at 9:30am on ABC5 and "Close Up" at 10:30am.  
I’ll be on local Iowa TV tomorrow. Catch me with at 9:30am on ABC5 and "Close Up" at 10:30am.  
Great crowd at the Des Moines County Republican Party Steak Fry!   
Today marks the 3rd anniversary of Pastor Saeed's imprisonment in Iran. We continue to pray for his safe release.
Thank you ; other LA college coaches for supporting today. Text CURE to 90999 to donate $5 to 
Let’s go It’s time to teach Syracuse what football is all about.
It’s time for a new generation of Republican leaders who will fight harder than the liberals do. 
I wrote 4 detailed policy plans that lay out my vision for America. Read them here.  
Proud of the Louisiana schools participating in today. Learn more about this great cause here: 
The American Dream is slipping away, I’m not going to stand for it, and you shouldn’t either.  
I’m back in Iowa! Follow me on Instagram for a behind the scenes look at the campaign.   
Our GOP leaders in DC have become the “surrender caucus” and it’s time for them to surrender their gavels. 
 and sign if you agree.  
There is only one candidate who has actually cut government. And you’re looking at him.  
Here's what we did in Louisiana after the first Planned Parenthood video was released. 
"We must speak the truth with boldness and act with boldness. Christian values are under attack, and it’s time to speak up.” 
America did not create religious liberty, religious liberty created the United States of America. 
If we can’t make protecting innocent life a winning issue nationally, what good is the Republican Party? 
Time for McConnell to follow Boehner's lead. 
I’m live with at  Tune in to
It's time to fire everyone in Washington, D.C.  
America did not create religious liberty, religious liberty created the United States of America. 
Louisiana has been the most pro-life state for 6 years in a row, and I am proud of that. 
The American Dream is slipping away, and I’m not going to stand for it, and you shouldn’t either.  
Every candidate will talk about cutting government. I'm the ONLY one that has done it.   
Here's what happened when Planned Parenthood protested at my house. 
If Senate Majority Leader McConnell isn't willing to stand up ; fight, he should take Speaker Boehner’s lead and surrender his gavel. 
My Bible doesn’t say “Art of the Deal” on the front cover.  
I am about to speak at  Watch live here: 
I’m speaking at  at 4:10PM ET. Don’t miss it!
I wrote 4 detailed policy plans that lay out my vision for America. Read them here:  
A lot of candidates will talk about cutting govt. I am the ONLY one that has done it.   
It’s time for a new generation of Republican leaders who will fight harder than the liberals do.  
Trump hasn't read the Bible, because he's not in it. 
General Trump speaks at 
Reminder: Hillary Clinton is still one email away from going to jail: 
Mad Libs: Political Edition - Tweet like 
America was not designed to have a permanent political class in DC like we have today. We need term limits. 
Republicans may have retaken the Senate in 2014, but they have nothing to show for it.  
America needs term limits. Both parties have done a terrible job in DC, and it’s time we clean house: 
Donald Trump is whining because Fox News isn’t bowing down to him.  
It’s shameful how the Senate Republicans keep caving to Harry Reid and President Obama: 
Once again, Louisiana showed the world the resilience of our people. Communities came together with neighbors helping neighbors. (2/2)
10 years ago Hurricane Rita struck our coast, ravaging many areas already facing devastation left in Katrina's wake. (1/2)
Donald Trump started out talking about winning. Now he spends all his time whining. 
It’s time for the GOP "surrender caucus" in DC to grow a spine and stand up to Harry Reid and President Obama:  
We don't need a Whiner-in-Chief.  
Take Obama at his word? His action speaks much louder than words.  
In America, Christians are being jailed or fined thousands of dollars for their closely-held religious beliefs. 
Our conservative education reforms have worked. 
 has gone from winning to whining. 
Trump is boycotting Fox News because they are being mean to him.   
 lied to the Pope - he said he supports religious liberty. He doesn’t. Click if you support religious liberty: 
Hillary is wrong on energy and  My energy plan puts Americans back to work:  
 should focus on creating American jobs instead of appeasing radical environmentalists:  
Senate Republicans need to take a stand and stop letting Harry Reid walk all over them.  
I’m the only candidate with a detailed plan to repeal and replace Obamacare. Read it here:  
I’ll be live with in 20 minutes. Make sure you watch at 8:20 CT.
Today, Senate Republicans failed to ban abortions after 20-weeks. Send them a message, no more excuses:  
 is wrong. We must stand for American jobs ; energy independence. Build the Keystone Pipeline: 
Hoping that Americans would be distracted by the Pope's visit, Hillary finally admitted she opposes  
Today, Senate Dems blocked Senate GOP's 20-week abortion ban. Why is Harry Reid still running the Senate? 
Glad to talk about energy with the Iowa in Glidden.   
Welcome aboard. Grateful for his support.  
I'm saying things about Donald Trump that everybody else is thinking.
Senate Republicans need to grow a spine, stand up to President Obama and fight for conservative principles!
Our conservative reforms are working. For the 5th straight year, we are a top 10 state for doing business. 
 is a good friend. I campaigned for him multiple times and I wish him all the best.
I’m live with Listen here:  &lt;    
I’m live with for the whole hour. Listen live here:  &lt;    
At 4:00pm CT, I’ll be live in studio with for the full hour. Don’t miss it.
 On top of the Des Moines Building discussing ISIS, Iran and more w for Sunday's Roske on Politics 
Follow me on Instagram for a behind the scenes look at the campaign: 
Obamacare was sold on lies that it would improve quality ; lower costs. It has done neither ; needs to be repealed: 
Featured speaker at Hillary’s event in Baton Rouge says that people who oppose Obamacare are racist: 
Do you hate ObamaCare? Good, because I wrote a plan to repeal and replace it. Read it here:  
Does Hillary believe, like that Louisianians are racist if they oppose Obamacare? 
Instead of the carefully controlled campaign events that Hillary prefers, let’s give America a real live discussion. 
Let’s compare health care plans. (hint: one of these plans is not like the others)  
 Instead of battling through press releases though, let’s have a debate about healthcare. 
Hillary's the godmother of socialized medicine and is coming to LA to attack me for refusing to implement Obamacare: 
Honored to speak at the Faith and Freedom Summit tonight.   
A baby born with Walker’s healthcare “plan” would receive over $113K in govt handouts during his or her life.  
I’m speaking at the Faith and Freedom Summit. Watch it live here:   
Did you miss my speech at the Presidential Forum yesterday? Here’s some great Q;A:   
Glad to be with my friend tonight at the  
Speaking live at the  Watch here:  …
I’m about to speak live at the Presidential Forum. Watch it live here:   
Just qualified for the ballot in South Carolina. Chip in today:  
 Gov. is officially a candidate in our First in the South primary. Filed today!  
I wrote a healthcare plan to repeal Obamacare and replace it with a conservative alternative:  
 Today, I was proud to present a proclamation to celebrate the LSU Lab School's 100th Birthday. Geaux Cubs! 
Donald Trump’s nomination as the Republican candidate would gift the White House to Hillary Clinton. 
Because of our conservative education reforms, Louisiana has shown the greatest ACT score gains in the nation. 
Donald Trump is substance-free. He doesn’t have the intellectual curiosity to learn about the issues: 
Liberals are the ultimate hypocrites.  if you agree.
 Thomas Sowell:  - he really talks sensibly and like an adult." 
Tonight I’ll qualify for the South Carolina ballot. Chip in $5 to help keep the momentum going. 
Sorry to see cancel on event today w/ Sen DeMint ; Gov Haley. Filing for bankruptcy again? Perhaps 5th time is the charm…
Donald Trump doesn’t have a problem with an expansive federal government. He just wants to be running it. 
FACT: I’m the only one running for president who has cut the size and scope of government.  
If Senate Republicans cannot defund Planned Parenthood right now, there is no point in calling them Republicans.
Senate Republicans must take a stand and defund Planned Parenthood once and for all:  
I wish Senate GOP had half of the fight of Senate Democrats. I am ready to lead on day one: 
Conservatives agree: I won the debate. 
What jobs can't Christians have anymore?!?
Louisiana’s charter school laws were ranked 2nd best in the country. 
Last night I took on the DC establishment, and real conservatives declared me the winner:  
228 years ago, the Constitution was signed. Tell President Obama to READ the Constitution. Sign our petition: 
If Senate Republicans can't defund Planned Parenthood NOW, after all of the barbaric videos, what can they do?
I’m tired of the DC establishment saying “there’s nothing we can do.” I’m ready to lead on day one. Donate $5 today. 
The Left wants to bully Christians, and regulate what jobs we can and cannot have: 
Every Republican says they will shrink the size of government; I’m the only one who’s actually done it.
Senate Republicans need to stand up and fight. I’m tired of the DC establishment saying “there’s nothing we can do.”
The deck has been reshuffled again. We’re on our way up. Donate $5 to be a part of it. 
It’s time for conservative leadership in Washington. I’m ready to lead on day one. Donate $5 tonight. 
Help keep the momentum going. Chip in $5 right now: 
Donald Trump is "the most militaristic person ever." 
Read the detailed conservative policy papers I wrote:  
  criticizes "Republicans in D.C." for not fighting to defund Planned Parenthood.  
 Likeliest breakout is Jindal.
 Jindal was on fire tonight.
 Bobby Jindal Wins the First Debate: 
 Jindal: Only Group Obama Is Able ‘To Out Negotiate Are The Senate Republicans’   
It’s time to get the idea of America back. Donate $5 to stand with me tonight. 
Sanctuary City leaders enable crime, and are accomplices to crimes committed by illegals: 
It's time for Republicans to grow a backbone in DC. We defunded Planned Parenthood in LA, GOP should do it in DC.
Planned Parenthood protested my house, so I played them their horrible videos: 
I wish Senate Republicans had half of the fight of Senate Democrats. I am ready to lead on day one: 
Revealed: Trump’s foreign policy and military briefing material: 
These guys won't answer the question. The answer is YES. Trump is a madman who must be stopped. 
 Winner.  
It’s time to get the idea of America back. Donate $20.16 to stand with me: 
The only group President Obama can out negotiate is the Senate Republicans.
I wish Senate Republicans had half of the fight of Senate Democrats:
I cut taxpayer funding to Planned Parenthood as Governor, and I’ll do it as President too.  
  
My defense policy will rebuild our military and keep America safe:  
Don’t allow the Left to tell Christians what jobs we can and cannot have. 
A lot of candidates will talk about cutting government. I am the ONLY one that has done it.  
Immigration without assimilation is invasion.  
Sanctuary Cities are wrong, and their leaders should be held criminally liable:  
Donald Trump’s nomination as the Republican candidate would gift the White House to Hillary Clinton. 
I wrote 4 detailed policy plans that lay out my vision for America. Read them here:  
 Respond in real-time with Pulse as you’re watching the GOP   
Follow my team for debate night tweets:
GOP debate starts at 6:00PM ET. Watch it live on  
Follow me on Instagram for a behind the scenes look  at the debate: 
My healthcare plan repeals and replaces Obamacare AND doesn’t create a new entitlement.  
 Great to be at the  for tonight’s debate. 
Donald Trump takes the term “armchair general” to a whole new level: 
Donald Trump’s military speech in 15 seconds: 
Excited for the debate tonight? Chip in $5 right now: 
I love the idea of an outsider who doesn't care about political correctness, but Donald Trump is the wrong messenger. 
Bernie Sanders’ proposals would cost taxpayers $18 TRILLION ; bankrupt our country. I’ve actually cut govt spending: 
Video highlights of Donald Trump’s speech: 
Did you see Donald Trump’s military speech? 
This is what happens if Bernie Sanders becomes President. Help stop him:  
We need a truly conservative healthcare policy. My plan fully repeals and replaces Obamacare.  
 problem with Washington isn't big government, it's that he's not the one running it. 
 put national security at risk with her reckless and selfish email practices: 
I've laid off more bureaucrats than Trump has fired people and I've cut my state's budget by more than he's worth. 
 finds the military a “fascinating subject.” Spoken like a true TV star. 
There’s only one presidential candidate who's cut govt spending, and you’re looking at him. 
Conservative reforms work. Since I took office, Louisiana ranks 7th in the nation for private sector job growth. 
How do you become "most militaristic person ever?” Television apparently:  
Sound conservative policy matters. Check out these four detailed policy plans I wrote:  
Leaked: Donald Trump preparing for his big military speech: 
Ready for a candidate with the guts to take on Trump? Chip in $5 right now: 
Revealed: Trump’s foreign policy and military briefing material: 
We figured out why Trump couldn’t name a Bible verse: 
Members of Law Enforcement deserve our prayers and today we are dedicated to honoring them.  
Sending the nation’s leading bankruptcy expert  to D.C. is a natural fit.
 declared bankruptcy more than any major US company in last 30 yrs. Interesting campaign platform.
 email scandal is not going away. She is still one email away from going to jail.  
Today, we're holding a statewide day to  ; honor those who've made the ultimate sacrifice. 
I’m going to continue my broadside attack against Trump on this morning at 10:05 EST. You don’t want to miss it.
Tomorrow will be a statewide day to  and thank the brave men and women who serve ; protect. 
Donald Trump is a narcissist and an egomaniac: 
L'Shana Tova. Wishing my Jewish friends a happy and healthy new year.
It’s almost game time! Let’s go 
Wow what a win by Great way to start the season. 
Donald Trump refuses to discuss the Bible because it’s “too personal.” Really? NOTHING is too personal for Trump.
Donald Trump loves Donald Trump and believes in nothing other than himself.
Donald Trump employing the Charlie Sheen strategy. Seems to be 
Pre-game prayer before my son Slade's football game. 
President Obama pushed bad policies, but I wrote detailed policy plans to clean up his mess.  
Sept 14, let's thank the brave men and women who serve ; protect and honor those who've made the ultimate sacrifice. 
Conservative reforms work. For the 5th straight year, Louisiana is a top 10 state for doing business. 
 Wow. Is there a world leader you DO recognize? Is this guy going to vote for you too? 
  "Doesn't want to make America great again, he wants to make Donald Trump great." 
Catch me live on tonight for a special
 Attacked him one day. Praised him today. Sounding like a typical politician. Rick is a better man than you'll ever be.
 is a great friend, and has the best record of any Governor anywhere, anytime.
Donald Trump on religion: *Opens Bible.* Doesn’t see his name. *Closes Bible.*
Unacceptable. Senate GOP already prepared for defeat on defunding Planned Parenthood. Demand they act: 
 Among Governors Running for President, Jindal Has Best Anti-Spending Record  
Who loves Donald Trump the most? Easy: Donald Trump.
Trump is Charlie Sheen 2.0.
Monday, September 14th will be a statewide day to  
America is an amazing country. The awful attacks of 9/11 brought us to our knees but we got back up. 
So yesterday I pointed out is a substance-free narcissist… All he heard was a stray comment about his hair…I rest my case.
 Did you consult polls before attacking Carly Fiorina’s appearance? Or is that just your go-to when challenged by a woman?
The reason has never read the Bible is because he’s not in it.
I said about what other candidates are thinking but don't have the guts to say.
Hey what else do you love?
Donald Trump is on Charlie Sheen’s “Winning Streak.” Watch it here:
  LIVE now on  Are you watching
I’m live tonight with Tune in to
On Sep 14th, we're holding a statewide day to  ; honor those who've made the ultimate sacrifice. 
 We have met. You wrote a check. A fool ; his money are soon parted. A fool ; his dad’s money are parted sooner.
 I’m disappointed. Is this the best you can do? Are you suffering from low energy today?
 Bobby Jindal: Trump is a "narcissist" who "could destroy America’s chance to be great again." 
Donald Trump is a narcissist and an egomaniac: 
  "I've defunded [ in Louisiana. They need to defund them up here in D.C. as well." 
At 4:30 EST, I’m live with talking about unstable and unserious candidacy.
 is having a hard time lately ; doesn't remember wemet. He wrote a check. A fool ; his money... 
Quiz: Donald Trump loves ________? 
Stay classy, 
It’s time to tell Trump: “you’re fired.”  
I’m live in studio with at 1:30 EST. Catch it on
 Bobby Jindal: Trump is a shallow, unstable narcissist  
The reason has never read the Bible is because he’s not in it.
No one loves Donald Trump like Donald Trump loves Donald Trump. 
Classic narcissist: 
Here is some of the social media reaction from my speech about Donald Trump today: 
 WATCH: Rips 'Narcissist' Trump, Calls Him 'Insecure, Weak'  
  called "a narcissist," "an egomaniac," "substance-free," "shallow" and "unstable" 
It's time to get serious:  
   is dangerous. Donald Trump could destroy America's chance to be great again. 
We have to put a committed conservative in the White House who will make our country great again: 
We do in fact need to make America Great Again:  
 is a narcissist:  
Watch my Q;A at the National Press Club: 
It’s time to tell Donald Trump – no, we will not put an egomaniacal unserious person in the White House -- “you’re fired.”
The real danger is that, ironically, Donald Trump could destroy America’s chance to be Great Again. 
I'm speaking live on Tune in now.
He’s not for anything or against anything. Issues and policies and ideals are not important to him. He’s for Donald. 
Donald Trump is for Donald Trump. He believes in nothing other than himself. 
I like The Idea of Donald Trump. But here’s the problem, Donald Trump is also full of nonsense. 
I’m live on to highlight Donald Trump’s circus act campaign.
In 10 minutes, I’m taking on the unserious clown candidate. Watch it live here: 
It’s time to get serious. 
The Trump/Sheen dream team.
 Jindal compares Trump to Charlie Sheen in new ad:   
Charlie Sheen is Donald Trump’s spirit animal… or is it the other way around? 
 drinking "Stick to Your Guns Sumatra” today. Coffee proceeds benefit our veterans. 
September 14th will be a statewide day to  and thank the brave men and women who serve ; protect. 
Donald Trump’s mentor: 
Convenient: praises the Corker-Cardin deal, yet his vote paved the way for Obama’s Iran deal victory. 
How about it Would you be veep? 

The summer of silliness will come to an end. Then it’s time to get serious.  
Trump/Sheen - Winning in '16! 
This would be a tragic mistake by Senate GOP, and would call into question why they are even in office in the first place.
I hear Senate Republicans may not ever force a vote on the Iran deal, now that it appears Obama has the 41 votes to filibuster.
The one time it’s most legitimate to use the so called “nuclear” option in the Senate would be to prevent Iran from having a nuclear option.
Happy Birthday Quick question: at a socialist's birthday party does everyone get a present, and if so who pays for it?
America’s education system is broken, so I wrote a plan to fix it.Read my Education Plan:  
I’ve got an idea; let's embrace conservative principles ; stop trying to be cheap democrats. 
If Kim Davis had refused to enforce immigration laws she’d be a liberal icon, not in jail. Stop Liberal Hypocrisy: 
I hope everyone has a safe and relaxing Labor Day.
Here are four detailed policy plans on healthcare, energy, education and defense:  
 Among Governors Running for President, Jindal Has Best Anti-Spending Record  
It’s almost game time! So glad to have back. 
 Slade is competing in a national TaeKwonDo tournament. Geaux Slade! 
If Kim Davis had refused to enforce immigration laws she wouldn't be in jail, she'd be the Democrats' candidate for Senate in 2016.
But even really rich New Yorkers should oppose jailing Christians for their religious beliefs. (3/3)
 I understand asking forgiveness from God and respecting communion is a personal decision. (2/3)
Hey you can't make America great again by throwing the Christians in jail. (1/3)
Huge crowd tonight in Dubuque.   
My wife is taking over my Instagram account today. Follow along: 
Obama is so committed to protecting Planned Parenthood’s baby harvesting operation, he sent DOJ lawyers to sue us.   
 Among Governors Running for President, Jindal Has Best Anti-Spending Record  
Great to be with my friend in Cedar Falls.   
President Obama is the Divider-in-Chief. I'm done with the "hyphenated Americans" 
We must embrace our conservative principles ; declare that universal coverage is an expensive liberal pipe-dream. 
On Sept 14th we’re holding a statewide Day of Prayer to honor the brave men ; women of law enforcement.
 plan adopts the central premise of Obamacare - govt must ensure everyone's covered.  
My Op-Ed in the "We end Obamacare only with a truly conservative alternative.”  Read it here:  
Follow me on Instagram for behind the scenes snapshots of the campaign: 
Obama is a science denier, refusing to tap into abundant potential US energy. Read my plan:  
The DC establishment tells us to hide our conservative beliefs; that NEVER works.See more: 
We are encouraging state leaders, local officials, and church organizations to honor all law enforcement on this date. (2/2)
Today I announced that Louisiana will honor September 14, 2015 as a statewide day of prayer for law enforcement. (1/2)
GOP Senators in DC surrendered to President Obama on the Iran Deal when they passed the Corker framework 98-1.
Thanks to the great crowd who came out to Cronk's Restaurant in Denison.   
Secretary Clinton has the nerve to equate pro-life Republicans to terrorists. She should take a look in the mirror: 
 That means virtually every Iowa GOPer who learned who Jindal is over summer has a favorable impression of him. That's pretty…
 Is Bobby Jindal a growth stock in Iowa? 
Pollster Ann Selzer: Hidden winner in Iowa Poll is Jindal after favorability grows 18 points: 
Chatting with some college Republicans at the    
Obama directed the DOJ to sue me for canceling Planned Parenthood's Medicaid contract. I’m not backing down: 
Here are four detailed policy plans on healthcare, energy, education and defense:  
 Among Governors Running for President, Jindal Has Best Anti-Spending Record  
Obama is so committed to protecting Planned Parenthood’s baby harvesting operation, he sent DOJ lawyers to sue us.  
America’s defense has been hollowed out, so I wrote a plan to fix it.Read my defense plan:  
President Obama won’t watch the Planned Parenthood videos but he’ll take time to sue Louisiana. Stand with me: 
Obama administration just sued me for canceling Louisiana’s Medicaid contract with Planned Parenthood. Stand with me: 
I’m proud that I am the only candidate for president that has actually cut govt spending.  
 may claim to have cut government spending, but FL’s budget grew 52% under his watch  
Really Your final budget was 25 billion dollars bigger than your first budget.
Policy Plans: Here are my detailed policy plans on healthcare, energy, education and defense:  
What part of my statement about immigration without assimilation does Hillary Clinton disagree with? 
Let’s forget this politically correct leftist notion that America is not a melting pot anymore. 
 Jindal Fires Back at Clinton Surrogate 
Hillary’s campaign can try ; attack me, but I’m not backing down. Who is she defending? Who is she trying to protect? 
Obama is ignoring America’s energy potential. My energy plan puts Americans back to work.  
Gov Jindal on "Immigration Without Assimilation Is Invasion."
Read this op-ed for about how the education reforms we implemented after Hurricane Katrina have improved lives. 
Great to join IA Speaker Pro-Tem and supporter Matt Windschitl ; his beautiful family in Logan.   
I’m talking about the 10th anniversary of Katrina on Tune in at 9:30am CT. 
I'll be on with this morning. Check your local listings for time.
Today, Louisiana has come back from the storm stronger than ever.  (3/3) 
Rebuilding a stronger Louisiana was the only acceptable option to the resilient citizens who call Louisiana home.  (2/3)
10 yrs ago, the world watched as Katrina devastated our state. Many believed the storm had robbed America of one of its greatest cities(1/3)
Meeting with Unified Command Group to review plans ahead of Tropical Storm Erika. 
I want to thank the people of America; we live in an incredibly compassionate country. 
Recent storm tracks show storm shifting slightly westward. We will be prepared for any possibility. (2/2)
I will be convening a Unified Command Group meeting this afternoon to review the state’s preparation for Tropical Storm Erika. (1/2)
Hurricane Katrina forced us to reimagine NOLA’s failed educational system. We rallied ; the results are remarkable. 
  We got a lot of great talkers running for President, I'm a doer 
I’m live on at 9:30am CT to talk about the Anniversary of Hurricane Katrina. Tune in to 
I’m about to be live on Don’t miss my interview with and at 7:30am CT.
Our thoughts ; prayers are w/ the families of Sunset Police Officer Henry Nelson ; the other victims as they endure this senseless tragedy.
Supriya and I are heartbroken to learn of another deadly assault on one of our public servants.
We are monitoring the situation in Sunset as details unfold and are praying for victims.
Today’s ceremony for the opening of UMC New Orleans is a major symbol of that recovery.  (3/3) 
The experts who predicted Louisiana would never be the same after Katrina were right—just not in the way they expected.  (2/3)
Katrina was a terrible blow, and there is no silver lining, but Louisianians worked hard to change for the better.  (1/3)
Great crowd tonight in Marshalltown.   
Today Planned Parenthood sued me, but I’m not backing down. Will you stand with me?  
 "When did we accept the idea of government dependence? When did conservatism die?" - Gov. Bobby Jindal
Policy Plans: Here are my detailed policy plans on healthcare, energy, education and defense:  
"Exactly one candidate has actually cut government, and you're looking at him right now."
 healthcare plan creates a new federal entitlement, raises taxes and increases costs. Here’s why: 
If is unintimidated, why has he surrendered to Democrats demands for universal coverage?
After reading my OpEd in on his flawed healthcare plan, will finally agree to debate me?
In I call out establishment Republicans for selling out conservatism over healthcare policy: 
Check out our new web ad on immigration: If you want freedom, follow the law. 
Here's my message to the pro-amnesty protesters that tried to disrupt my speech this weekend: 
Planned Parenthood planned a protest at my house, but we turned the tables on them: 
Met a little patriot in Ottumwa.   
The Obama economy is a house of cards built on sand, with anemic growth and record numbers of Americans not even in the work force.
Obama’s policies will crash our economy; it’s only a matter of time.
Supriya ; I are deeply saddened by the loss of Trooper Vincent. I'm ordering flags be lowered to half staff. Our prayers are w/ his family.
Please send prayers for a Louisiana State Trooper who was shot during a traffic stop today.
Spoke to a great crowd at Smokey Row Restaurant in Oskaloosa.   
Sign our petition if you agree: "If you want freedom, follow the law." 
At the Iowa State Fair I told pro-amnesty protesters, "If you want freedom, follow the law." 
Follow me on Instagram for a behind the scenes look at the campaign trail. 
Spoke w/ immigration protesters for 15 min after I told them the truth at  "We must secure our border.” 
Great crowd at the    
LIVE: I’m speaking at the  at the Iowa State Fair. Watch it here: 
Did you miss my speech at Defending the American  Summit? Watch the highlights here: 
Here are some highlights from my speech at AFP’s Defending the American Dream Summit today. Check it out: 
I’m the only one running for president who has actually cut government spending.   
I’m fired up after today’s  Summit. I hope you’ll stand with me:  
Awesome crowd today at  Summit. Here is some of the social media reaction to my speech: 
Thanks for the amazing reception at the Defending the American  Summit.
 if you agree: 
 "Let us stand up for freedom. Let us stand up for limited govt."  
 "Our federal govt shouldn't be creating a new entitlement program" when we can't afford the ones we've got.  on 
I’m speaking live at the Defending the  Summit. Watch it live here: 
Planned Parenthood protesters stayed far away from the PP videos we had playing on my lawn: 
There are some pretty big differences between my health care plan and plan.  
Let’s compare health care plans. (hint: one of these plans is not like the others)  
Congrats to new Iowa Speaker of the House Linda Upmeyer, and new Majority Leader  
Protesters stayed far away from the Planned Parenthood videos we had playing on my lawn:  
Great time tonight in Spartanburg with and at Sen Scott's Presidential Town Hall. 
 ; here are 7 other names that you can use instead of “fetal tissue”: 
We will play the videos on a screen outside the LA Gov. Mansion so those protesting my decision to defund Planned Parenthood know why.
 It was! When you get to Des Moines, you have to try the bacon at Machine Shed. 
Tell they’re called babies not “specimens” or “fetal tissue.”Sign on: 
 these are babies too.
I’m live on at 9:40 ET on Fox News and live with at 9:55 ET on Fox Business. Tune in!
Hello South Carolina! 
"These children only grow up once; we have to give them a great education today."  
This latest Planned Parenthood video is the most horrific yet.  America must return to a culture that values life: 
Gov Walker has taken Pres Obama’s bait by accepting the notion that we need a new federal govt entitlement program. 
I'm answering Q;A live at  Watch it here: 
Policy Plans: Education is just 1 of the 4 detailed policy plans I wrote. Read them all here:  
My interview with before my  speech. 
Surely Republicans can do better than simply producing our own versions of Obamacare lite. 
Scott Walker’s plan misses the point; we need to reduce government entitlement programs, not create new ones. 
I’m speaking to the  today. You can read my detailed education plan here:  
Comparing boots. 
I always enjoy talking 1 on 1 with folks after events.   
Take a guess: How many classified emails were on Hillary’s private server?  
I hear Walker camp raising questions about my HC plan. Let's debate. will you join me ; debate our health care plans in IA?
One of these plans is not like the others:  
My plan focuses on driving down the cost of health care by embracing free market reforms. 
Governor Walker makes the same mistake President Obama did: creating a new entitlement program we can’t afford.
Packed house in Le Mars. We had to add chairs to fit everyone.   
Let’s compare health care plans:  
I outlined a detailed conservative plan to repeal and replace Obamacare without a new federal entitlement program. 
It is frankly shocking that a Republican candidate for President would author a cradle to grave plan like this. 
Walker’s plan creates a new entitlement for every American, from the time they are born, until they grow old ; become eligible for Medicare.
Sitting down with in Sioux City.   
We need to end birthright citizenship for illegal immigrants.
I never want our troops in a fair fight.
Policy Plans: Here are my detailed policy plans on healthcare, energy, education and defense:  
I’m the only one who’s reduced the size of government: 
Here’s my policy plan to repeal and replace ALL of Obamacare with a conservative alternative:  
Grateful for the support ; endorsement of IA Speaker Pro Temp Matt Windschitl.   
Thank you Vicki for hosting such a great event tonight.   
Miss Shirlee couldn't make it out to our last event, so we made a special stop to see her.   
Great turnout at tonight's house party in Sergeant Bluff.   
Happy birthday to my good friend
Glad to be back.   
6 horrifying videos weren't enough to stop these companies from funding Planned Parenthood:  
  got to start w the moral clarity ; honesty to describe the enemy we face: it is Radical Islamic Ter…
  “We’re actually doing a deal with a regime that’s chanting, 'Death to America.'”  
Don't miss my interview with this morning. Tune in to at 9:00am CT.
Policy Plan: Here is my policy plan to rebuild and restore America's defense:  
Happy birthday to our youngest son Slade. You are such a blessing in our lives. 
Policy Plans: These 4 substantive plans will help put America back on track at home ; abroad:  
 Team Jindal:
Obama is taking full advantage of   Sign if you think he’s played enough.  
Sanctuary city leaders are still enabling and empowering criminals.This has got to stop:  
 if you think Hillary Clinton should live by the same rules as everybody else. 
 reports that I’m the only presidential candidate who’s cut the size of govt.  
I asked some veterans what would happen if they took home classified information. Most said prison time. 
Got this from a young supporter in Iowa. 
Hillary Clinton read a book that talked about deleting emails. Here’s a peak at other books on her reading list: 
Hillary Clinton requested a book on how to delete emails. Here’s what else she’s reading: 
America’s education system is broken, so I wrote a plan to fix it:  
 to 2007. Crazy to think Selia is starting high school. Feels like this pic was taken yesterday. 
Here's a sneak peak at Hillary Clinton's reading list. Number 4 is surprising. 
Hillary Clinton researched a book on how to delete emails. Here are some other books on her reading list: 
It’s time we play to win again. Join our team:  
Did you see my interview with You can read the whole thing here: 
UPDATE: Hillary Clinton is still one email away from going to jail: 
 Sunday: ; Chuck Laudner, w on 
Obama is ignoring America’s energy potential. My energy plan puts Americans back to work.  
The Left won't admit it, but it's true.  
Did Hillary Clinton break the law? It depends on what your definition of “Top Secret” is.
If members of our armed forces took home top secret docs or leaked info to a foreign govt, they’d be Court-Martialed. 
My wife is 37 followers away from reaching 1,500. Follow her and help her get to 1,500.
Sec Clinton and Sec Kerry should face consequences for surrendering our national security to our enemies. Sign on: 
Maybe we got a bad deal w/ Iran because the Chinese ; Russians fed them Sec Kerry’s emails during the negotiations. 
Taxpayer $ should NOT go to Planned Parenthood. Neither should corporate $. if you agree:  
If soldiers were as reckless as Hillary w/ classified info, they’d be asking for a lighter sentence not a promotion.
Huge crowd at the Machine Shed for the Westside Conservative Breakfast.   
Veterans in the audience tonight said they would be in Leavenworth if they treated classified info like Hillary.
Hillary Clinton should be held to the same standard as members of the military ; intelligence community.
Hillary Clinton is one email away from prison: 
Do you hate ObamaCare? Good, because I wrote a plan to repeal and replace it. Read it here:  
 says I’m the only candidate who’s cut the size of govt. I’m proud of that.  
Hillary Clinton better pray the Chinese government doesn’t do a document dump.
Hillary Clinton Is one email away from prison: 
Sign the petition if you agree:  
My snapshot of the Democratic field in 2 minutes. Watch: 
Packed house in Marion tonight.   
5 horrifying videos weren't enough to stop these companies from funding Planned Parenthood:  
A leading Senate Democrat, along with the majority of the American public, oppose the Iran deal.—&gt;Add your name: 
Sat down for interviews with and after lunch in Vinton.  
August is  Sign the card for our Golfer-in-Chief:  
I’m the only candidate who’s actually cut spending as governor.Read report:  
3rd place Dem claims climate change caused ISIS ; apologized for saying “all lives matter.” Dem  thinks US should use metric system. (2/2)
The Real Clown Show is on the Democrat Side: Presumptive Dem nominee is under FBI investigation. 2nd place is a socialist. (1/2)
CHA OF THE DAY: reports I’m the only candidate who’s reduced size of govt:  
Thanks to my friend for the coffee. 
Great crowd tonight at the Black Hawk County Lincoln Day dinner.  
Sitting down with in Waterloo.  
Good read from today: "Jindal brings strong conservative message to Mason City" 
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Hardin County GOP Sweetcorn/Gourmet Burger Feed. 
Quick stop at DQ for a brownie cookie dough blizzard. 
Spending the afternoon with the Cerro Gordo County GOP.  
I have real policy plans to fix the 7 years of blunders:  
 The Louisiana Governor's Mansion will be lit purple this wknd in honor of National Purple Heart Recognition Day(1/3) htt…
Bumped into at  
Just took the Facebook 60 Second Challenge at 
I had a great time at  Thanks for hosting. Great crowd. —&gt; Social media reactions: 
 We're live with backstage at  in Atlanta, Georgia. Excited to be here! 
I’m about to speak at gathering. Don’t miss it!  —&gt; Watch Live: 
It’s taken 7 years, but Obama has finally brought Republicans and Democrats together on an issue.Add your name: 
America’s defense has been hollowed out, so I wrote a plan to fix it.Read my defense plan:  
America’s education system is broken, so I wrote a plan to fix it. Read my education plan:  
QUIZ: How many candidates have a detailed plan to repeal ; replace Obamacare?   
Learn about my detailed policies to move America forward:  
The President admitted he's weakened our foreign policy standing because he can’t control spending in DC. 
I've got the backbone, the bandwidth and the experience to get us through this:  
We need a president who wants to do something, not just be somebody. 
Immigration without assimilation is not immigration, it is invasion. 
On my first day as President, I’ll send DOJ and IRS to investigate Planned Parenthood. 
I am the only candidate with a detailed plan to repeal and replace Obamacare.You can read my healthcare plan here: 
"We're going to take the political handcuffs off of our military"Read my defense plan here: 
It's debate time! Watch it live on 
30 minutes out from the debate. Make sure you tune in on 
Final adjustments being made to my podium. Can’t wait to debate tonight.  
Hillary said the Planned Parenthood videos were “disturbing.” Then her views evolved. Again. 
Our law enforcement officers deserve our support as they place themselves in harm's way everyday to keep our communities safe. (3/3)
As they continue to search for the suspected murderer, we have offered Shreveport PD the full resources of the State Police. (2/3)
This morning, our thoughts and prayers are with the family of the Shreveport Police officer killed in the line of duty last night. (1/3)
Is anyone actually surprised that evolved her views on Planned Parenthood videos? 
Today asked Congress to fund our enemies.Tell Congress to vote no on the deal:  
A week ago Hillary found Planned Parenthood videos disturbing. Now she’s proud to stand with PP. 
Please say a prayer for a young girl from Monroe battling brain cancer. 
I’m traveling to Cleveland for the debate. Follow me on Instagram for behind the scenes access. 
Hillary thought the Planned Parenthood videos were “disturbing.” Then her views evolved. Again.  
 thought you were just a bunch of geeks when I agreed to a pushup contest. Where did the exNFLer come from? 
I penned an Op-Ed for "Force sanctuary city leaders to pay for crimes.”Read it here: 
We were deeply saddened to hear the news of Rep. Alfred Williams’ passing yesterday. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family.
 Every month, we feature artwork from young Louisiana artists in the Governor’s Mansion. I look forward to sharing w/ you…
 This just gets more disturbing by the day. We must stop the selling ; buying of human organs. Thank you TX ; LA  
Yesterday, Louisiana terminated its Medicaid provider agreement with Planned Parenthood. 
 if you want Sanctuary City leaders held criminally responsible for crimes committed by illegal immigrants.  —&gt; 
Are you in?  
Sanctuary City leaders are feeling the heat… and losing their cool.Do you agree? ➡️  
Via "Bobby Jindal Just Did for Louisiana Planned Parenthood Clinics What the US Senate Rejected Today." 
We’ve had 7 years of a great talker. Let’s elect a doer.  
It’s time to unite the American people.
I’m about to take the stage at the  Forum. Watch here live: 
I’m participating in the  Forum tonight. Tune in here at 7:00pm ET to watch it live:  
Today, Louisiana terminated its Medicaid provider agreement with Planned Parenthood.
Leaders of sanctuary cities should be held as accomplices.Read the story here:
Sanctuary City leaders should be held criminally responsible for crimes committed by illegals.Read my plan: 
 Great to talk with you and the team this morning. Thanks for having me on the show.
This bad deal with Iran gets worse the more that we learn about it. Say no to a bad deal: 
Last week I unveiled the “Partners in Crime” plan to hold Sanctuary City leaders accountable. Read about it here : 
A Federal Judge who raised nearly $200,000 for Obama is now doing the bidding of big abortion groups. Demand Action: 
Breakfast of champions - bacon drawer at the Governor's Mansion. 
An Obama appointed judge has blocked the release of videos.But he cannot silence us. Demand action:  
Last 5 Iowa polls show clear momentum. Chip in $10 to help us hit our July fundraising goal: 
We continue to gain momentum in Iowa. Another poll has us in 4th. Check it out here:  
I unveiled my "Partners in Crime" plan to crack down on sanctuary city leaders: 
How many more horrifying videos must surface before these companies stop funding Planned Parenthood?Join me: 
My "Partners in Crime" plan will hold Sanctuary City leaders accountable for illegal immigrants' crimes. Endorse it: 
Over a week ago, León Rodríguez proposed changes to the Oath of Allegiance.How hasn’t he been fired yet?
Proud that Louisiana has a role model like He’s a champion on ; off the field. Read about his work here: 
Sanctuary city leaders are flouting the laws of the United States. They are partners in crime with illegal aliens.
You have to watch this - this footage is truly awful ; inhumane. Obama admin must investigate TODAY.  
The Obama Administration will investigate the death of a lion, but not the trafficking of baby organs. Shameful. 
Sanctuary Cities are wrong, and their leaders must be held accountable. Endorse my plan:  
I introduced the “Partners in Crime” plan to end sanctuary cities. Endorse it here:  
I’m on the tonight talking about the danger of sanctuary cities and what we can do to end them. You don’t want to miss it.
At 6:20 ET I’m live at the studio with talking about 2016 race. Tune in!
Chatted w/ my friends ; Bill O'Reilly at the Fox studio. Don’t miss me on the tonight! 
 Thanks for having me. Can’t wait to be back!
Becoming a US citizen isn’t a right granted to those who hide illegally in our country for just long enough:   
We shouldn’t reward those who came to this country illegally: 
If can’t answer a yes or no question on building KeystoneXL, how does she plan on running USA? 
Do you shop at any of these companies? Tell them to stop funding Planned Parenthood!—&gt; Add your name here: 
  The only thing that  has ever run is Pres Obama’s “failed foreign policy.”  
  says Obama is “happy to criticize America” but won’t use term “radical Islamic terrorism” 
  on  “This is a bad deal that gets worse the more that we learn about it.”  
I’m a guest host on at noon ET today. Tune in to you don’t want to miss it.
I have the executive experience, the backbone and the bandwidth to get us through the challenges we face. 
Some candidates don't have the experience, some don’t have the backbone, some don’t have the bandwidth. 
Most of the people running are not up to the challenge.
I’m live in studio on in a half hour. Don’t miss it.
Don’t miss me on tomorrow at 8:00am ET.
These big businesses fund Demand they cut ties with Planned Parenthood. Add your name here:
The best way to stop is to cut their funding. Demand these big businesses cut ties with Planned Parenthood:  
Demand these companies stop funding —&gt;Add your name here:  
 punts on Keystone pipeline. Then again, what difference does it make? 
 if you refuse to tell the voters where you stand on Keystone, perhaps you shouldn't be running for President. 
Today I issued an Executive Order to preserve the peace at our Lafayette funerals.
Also please pray for the victims still in the hospital as well as the doctors ; medical teams treating them. 
Our hearts are heavy for the families of Mayci Breaux, 21, and Jillian Johnson, 33.   
I would ask everyone to take a moment and pray for the victims that are injured and those families who have lost a loved one. (3/3)
The evil that exists in our world is stunning. But the stories of friends shielding friends from gunfire should give us all hope. (2/3)
I am grateful for the quick response of first responders. They saved lives last night. (1/3)
I'm on my way to Lafayette right now. Please say a prayer for the victims at Grand Theatre and their families.
Prayers for Lafayette at Grand Theater. Talking to state police colonel about shooting in Lafayette.
I’m live with at 3:20pm CT on to talk about the presidential campaign. Don’t miss it.
If gets his way and makes changes to the Oath of Allegiance, he will have essentially given up on America. 
LIVE on  Polling presentation with Timmy Teepell  
Our momentum continues to build in Iowa:    
Good news out of Iowa today. Read about how our poll numbers keep moving up:    
New Iowa Poll: Momentum continues to build. Read here and :  
Must read from this morning: “Bottom line, Gov. Bobby Jindal has taken off in Iowa” 
 political correctness and fear of speaking the truth are no longer amusing, they are just plain dangerous.
59% of Iowans don’t trust Hillary Clinton. VOTE ; : Why don’t you trust her? 
Becoming a US citizen is a privilege, not a right. Immigration without assimilation isn’t immigration, it’s invasion. 
 must fire the Director of US Citizenship ; Immigration Services for proposing changes to Oath of Allegiance. 
WATCH: Highlights from my sit-down at this weekend's Family Leadership Summit.   
A new poll finds 59% of Iowans distrust Why do you think that is? 
Sign the petition if you agree the only way you can deal with a terrorist regime like Iran is with strength:Sign —&gt; 
Great write up from on how campaign momentum keeps building.   
Read my Op-Ed for "It’s Time to Stop Pretending on Radical Islam."
  had a packed room for a town hall in Ames.   
Happy to be in Ames tonight.   
A Democrat finally has a plan to fight ISIS: Fight climate change. 
Is any terrorist who kills innocent people in cold blood mentally healthy? No; stop w/ excuses for Radical Islam. 
Glad to chat with some members in West Des Moines.   
Yet anther grotesque video surfaces. When will the Left wake up and stop defending this group. 
 why do you keep trying appeasement? It never works, and it’s shameful that you are even trying it.
 why did you make a deal with United Nations before the US Congress? Shows us where your priorities are.
 why didn’t you force Iran to free American hostages?
 why does Iranian Government still chant death to America?
 how come this deal doesn't allow us to inspect Iran's military facilities… except when they have time to hide everything?
 has taken hashtag diplomacy to a new low. is a bad deal for America. A Twitter account can't change that simple fact.
At 9:10 CT, I'm live on Don't miss it!
Packed house in Davenport tonight.   
New poll confirms what we have seen first-hand; momentum is building in Iowa.  
Want to see what the  crowd cheered loudest for? Here it is: 
On the anniversary of Neil Armstrong walking on the moon, our President celebrates by giving in to two dictators: 
Great turnout at Campbell Grain Farms in Grand Mound.   
Had a great weekend in Iowa. Here are some highlights from my talk at  
With the Madison County Fair's Supreme Champion, Poppy   
Thank you Madison County GOP for having us at the county fair today.  
Great to spend the morning with my good friends Dave and 
Unbelievable crowd at  today in Iowa. I am fired up: 
 Twitter limits video to 30 seconds. This ovation for went on for longer.  
 Huge ovation for at  in Iowa 
 Jindal is receiving the loudest and longest applause of the night so far. 
 Jindal has probably now gotten more standing ovations at Family Leader in Iowa than any other candidate
After Donald Trump spends six years in a POW camp, he can weigh in on John McCain's service
John McCain is an American hero.  I have nothing but respect for his service to our country.
I issued an Executive Order authorizing the LA National Guard to arm Guardsmen to protect military facilities. I hope does the same.
  talking with a future voter in Indianola.   
Great to see State Senator Julian Garrett this morning in Indianola.   
Enjoyed my discussion with this morning. 
Please say a prayer this morning for the 5th American hero who died from injuries in the Chattanooga attack.My thoughts are with his family.
  about to go live on the  Tune in! 
I'll be live on the  tonight with at 8:10 central. Make sure to tune in to
The President who brags that he has a pen and a telephone needs to use it to allow military personnel to carry weapons on base.  Today.
This apparent act of terrorism has taken the lives of 4 American heroes, ; our hearts ; prayers are w/ their families 
 do you agree w/ that the harvesting of organs of human babies is a "humanitarian undertaking”? 
The Planned Parenthood video is abhorrent and disgusting. Stand with me in protecting unborn life. Sign the petition: 
Thank you to everyone all over the United States who has helped build our campaign so far.  
Time is running out to get a limited edition “Tanned. Rested. Ready.” shirt. Don’t miss out, buy yours today! 
The latest Planned Parenthood video is disgusting. I’ll fight to defend the unborn. Support life, sign the petition: 
I’ll be on tonight. You don’t want to miss it! 
I ran into Olympic Champion and wrestling legend Dan Gable at the airport in Cedar Rapids. 
ICYMI: talks about our growing momentum in Iowa.
Congress should oppose this dangerous Iran deal. Secretary Clinton should be a voice of reason and oppose this deal. 
This dangerous deal has put Iran on a path to obtaining a nuke, depleted our military strength ; endangered Israel. 
If Secretary Clinton goes along with President Obama's efforts to appease Iran, it will make our enemies stronger. 
I love the hat.   
Standing room only at the American Legion Post 6 in Dubuque.   
Watch my interview with on at 6:10pm CT. 
I’m proud of my record. Help me cut the tax burden for all Americans.  
Thanks Fancy Fritters for the warm welcome. I can’t wait to come back.   
 and are the engines that drive big government. They must be stopped. 
Hillary's solution to every problem is to take money out of the American economy and put it into the govt economy. 
Headline says it all from "Jindal running to challenge establishment – GOP and Democratic." 
 Great conversation happening at Fancy Fritters in Monticello.   
Coming to you live from Fancy Fritters in Monticello.   
 plan: More taxes, more government spending, more regulations. Tell Hillary she’s wrong: 
 wants to feed a greedy government intent on swallowing up the private sector. Sign our petition: 
When the crowds go out the door, you’ve got to visit with folks outside.  
Standing room only at the American Legion Hall in Davenport tonight.  
Supriya and I enjoyed worshiping in Coralville with our good friends Brad and Carole Sherman. 
 Thanks everyone who came out to hear speak in Coralville.  
"Greece Gave Us Democracy, Now They're Showing Us How to Kill It" 
 Jindal: Clinton, Obama's 'failed policies' feed greedy government  (via
I hope will “evolve” her views and oppose the Iran deal.   /
 econ plan will keep feeding a greedier ; greedier government until it swallows the private sector. 
This is my view for today. Make sure to watch. 
Don't miss me this morning on Check your local listings.
Glad to be with my friend in Marion.  
Enjoyed talking with people after today’s town hall.  
Standing room only in Cedar Rapids.   
  walked out to this standing ovation in Cedar Rapids. Over 230 people. 
 New friends in Dubuque. and I got invited for a play date to play with his T-Rex.  
Big turnout on a Saturday morning in Dubuque. The Courtside Grill opened up just for us!  
I’m live with at 10:30am CT. Catch the interview here: 
At 10:05am CT, catch me live with You can listen right here: 
Honored to be the keynote speaker at the convention last night. 
At 8:10pm CDT, I’m challenging the smart guys in DC on why we need to talk about cultural issues. Watch here: 
Can’t wait to speak to tonight. Some establishment Republicans may not like my speech. Stay tuned.
I’m asking you to believe again.
Are you following me on Instagram? Don’t miss today's  from my early campaigns: 
Israel is one of our closest and most important allies. We must start treating them like a friendly nation again. 
Your opinion matters. What issue is most important in the 2016 election? Take our survey.
This shirt enrages liberals. Buy one here: 
Day after said guns won't beat ISIS, he announced plans to cut Army by 40,000 troops.  
Are you in? 
We have the finest military in the world and we need to give them the tools to defeat our enemies. Sign if you agree: 
The 2016 election must be about real issues, not hollow rhetoric. Take our survey and tell me your top issues: 
Here are some of the highlights from my week in New Hampshire. Follow me on Instagram for more exclusive photos. 
Great atmosphere at the town hall in Manchester. Thanks to everyone who came out tonight.   
Tell the Washington Post to judge me by my ideas, not my skin color. Sign our petition: 
 - Thanks for hosting me today. Good sparring with you, as always.   
"You can't make it impossible for business to thrive and expect the economy to grow.” Read my op-ed for here: 
I’m live with the Watch here:
 LIVE on  Live with Bobby Jindal 
In 5 minutes, I’m at the for a livestream interview.   
At 3:00pm ET, don’t miss my livestream interview with the You can watch it live here:   
The United States needs a president who will identify our enemy and rid the world of them and their ideas right now: 
Follow me on Instagram for a behind the scenes look at the campaign. Check out today's interview with 
It is astonishing to hear say that ISIS won’t be defeated by guns, rather by changing ‘hearts and minds.’ 
 actually suggested you can talk about ‘ideas’ with terrorists who execute those who don’t agree with them. 
Happy Birthday to a great First Lady, Nancy Reagan.
Great turnout at the town hall in Rochester tonight.   
Happy Birthday to President George W. Bush, my former boss and a great American. 
 is a true conservative, and the perfect person to replace the divisive and destructive Harry Reid.  
At the studio before my interview, I ran into my friend Watch live at 4:00PM EDT. 
Great day in New Hampshire so far. Everyone I talk to is excited and encouraged that is running for reelection. 
Great visit with my friend I enjoyed walking downtown in your beautiful city. 
(2/2) Greece gave us democracy, and now they’re showing us how to kill a democracy.
(1/2) If you want a peek into our future with Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders, then look at what’s happening in Greece today.
I'm live with till 10:00 AM EDT. Listen here live: 
Congrats to on winning the World Cup. 
 Today at the Merrimack County GOP Picnic, had the opportunity to speak with an amazing WWII Veteran. 
Glad to spend the afternoon at the Merrimack County GOP picnic.   
Enjoyed seeing my good friend at the Windsor Heights parade today!  
Happy Fourth of July everyone. Glad to start my morning off in Urbandale.  
Are you in?  
I'm on with for the next half hour on Tune in!
Tune in to right now for my hour long interview with
I’m on with in fifteen minutes. Don’t miss it!
Enjoyed touring Jard Inc and talking to the folks of Sheldon.  
Tonight at 10:00PM EST, I sit down with to talk about why I’m running for President, and what changes America must make.
My kind of campaign stop; Capital Armament in Sibley.  
Follow me on Instagram for a behind the scenes look on the campaign trail. 
Don’t miss  tonight, where I sit down with for the whole hour. Tune in at 10:00PM EST.
Dropped by Butler's Cafe for some good coffee and good conversation. Special thanks to Shelly for the warm welcome. 
Had a great breakfast chat this morning at Sioux County Livestock Co.  
Facetiming with our kids. The perfect ending to a great day in Iowa. 
Huge crowd in Sioux City tonight. 
  signed a football for Selia, Shaan and Slade. Catch on  tomorrow at 10:00 PM EST. htt…
Catch my one on one interview with tomorrow at 10:00EST. 
 to February 2014 where I spoke at the Reagan Library about the impending assault on religious liberty. 
Touring the facility in Sioux City. 
(2/2) His honesty and transparency is seen as a refreshing change in a Democrat primary marked by consistent Clinton scandal and deception.
(1/2) Bernie Sanders is an honest Democrat who freely admits that he believes in socialism.
Glad to be at Rebos in Sioux City. 
My wife is 15 followers away from reaching 1,000. Follow her and help her get to 1,000.
Great turnout in Council Bluffs tonight.  
Catch me on at 7:10CST where I discuss the  lawsuit against my Executive Order protecting religious liberty.
I have my “Tanner” Diet Coke. Do you have your “Tanned. Rested. Ready.” shirt? Get one here: 
Let's endorse our own conservative principles, and not back down. 
Have you donated yet today? There is still a little time left before today's fundraising deadline.Please donate here: 
Glad to be at the Waukee town hall tonight.  
Packed house in Iowa.  
Follow me on Instagram for a behind the scenes view of the campaign. Here’s a clip from lunch in Iowa.  
Congress would have a better chance of getting Hillary's emails from the hackers working for foreign governments(3/3) 
We are likely the only superpower in the world that will never see Hillary Clinton’s e-mails:  (2/3)
While the American people will never see all of Hillary's emails, it is likely that the Russians ; the Chinese already have them. (1/3)
The liberal media said, "There's not much Indian left in Bobby Jindal,” so we made shirts to mock them. Get one here: 
Less than a week ago, we launched our campaign. Today is already our 1st fundraising deadline. Will you chip in $10? 
Happy Birthday to my friend and Communications Director Everyone give him a follow for his birthday. (best present ever?)
  "This was a bad week for the Court and the rule of law."  
At 6:30 EST, I'm taking the  on with and the All-Star Panel.
What's it like when your dad announces he's running for President? Watch this video our son Shaan made and : 
 Don't miss Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal tonight on  as part of our  series. If you... 
This week I’ll be traveling all over Iowa and I'd love to meet you: 
We don’t need to just send a Republican to D.C., we need to send somebody who will take on the conventional wisdom. 
Today on "My views on marriage aren’t evolving with the polls." 
Everybody knows that both the President and Hillary evolve their views because of opinion polls. 
I want to run a campaign where we embrace conservative principles. Establishment Republicans don’t want to do that.
Great day in Iowa.   
Loved chatting with folks at Moo’s BBQ in Newton, Iowa.  
Contrary to Obama's self-proclaimed edicts, yesterday’s SCOTUS decision is not the end of the debate on Obamacare. 
It was delicious! 
Sitting down with Tune in to the show this Sunday morning.   
Totally agree. That’s why I wrote one:  
I stand on principle, regardless of the polls. Always have, always will: 
Talking to reporters in Urbandale, IA about the Supreme Court’s disturbing ruling.  
  did a great job this morning on Good to see you  
I will never stop fighting for religious liberty and I hope our leaders in D.C. join me.
This ruling must not be used as pretext by Washington to erode our right to religious liberty. 
Marriage between a man and a woman was established by God, and no earthly court can alter that. 
Great to be back in Des Moines. 
(6/6) Justice Scalia said, “Words no longer have meaning if an Exchange that is not established by a State is ‘established by the State."
(5/6) He admits they aren’t paying attention to what the law actually says. The person who really nailed it is Justice Scalia.
(4/6) This is from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, a person who is not accountable to the people, but with a lifetime appointment.
(3/6) We know that we are ignoring what Obamacare really says, but we think it is politically best to not overturn it
2/6) natural reading of the pertinent statutory phrase.” Those are some fancy words. I will act as your Supreme Court translator today:
(1/6) John Roberts said “In this instance, the context and structure of the Act compel us to depart from what would otherwise be the most
Thanks for the support and I was busy last night, but I recorded the season premiere. 
Loved chatting with folks at  today. Thanks for the invite   
President Obama and Hillary Clinton would like this to be the end of the debate on Obamacare, but it isn’t:
Yesterday I announced I'm running for President. Today I’m asking for your support. You in? 
LIVE on  Live at my Dad's announcement. -Shaan 
Ready to believe again? Join me:
Believe in what we can do. Believe in what America can do.
If you are chasing a dream and looking for a land where the people are free, and the opportunities are real, I’m asking you to believe.
If you are looking for a candidate who will politely manage America’s descent into mediocrity, I’m not your man.
Containment is a strategy for losers.  But as General George S. Patton famously observed – “Americans play to win all the time.”
To be clear, we are not simply trying to reclaim the past. We are laying our claim on the future, a future where America leads the world.
Let’s do something new, let’s endorse our own principles for a change and boldly speak the truth without fear.
We are not Indian-Americans, Irish–Americans,  African–Americans, rich Americans, or poor Americans – we are all Americans.
America did not create religious liberty, religious liberty created the United States of America.
I know that some say I talk too much about my faith. But I won’t be silenced to meet their expectations of political correctness.
If you want someone who will pretend that everything is fine and just make some small tweaks – then you want someone else.
But rest assured -- I’m tanned, rested, and ready for this fight.
We can repeal Obamacare and we will.
In Washington they know that the voters want the border secured, but they refuse to do it.  But you and I can, and we will.
They think we need a permanent class of elites.  It’s safer to not rock the boat.   But we can rock the boat, and we will.
They say you cannot actually cut government spending.  But we can, and we will.
I'm not running for president to be somebody, I'm running for President to do something.
We did what they said couldn’t be done. We shrank our govt. We cut our budget by 26% and the number of govt bureaucrats by more than 30,000.
Now we have statewide school choice – because every child deserves an equal opportunity for a great education.
We privatized our outdated government-run hospital system, we reformed education, with nearly 100% charter schools in New Orleans.
My parents found that America is indeed the land of the free and home of the brave.
My name is Bobby Jindal, I am the Governor of the great state of Louisiana, and I am running for President of the United States.
I'm about to take the stage. Watch my speech right here: 
 is about to take the stage. You don't want to miss it. Watch live here: 
LIVE on  Live at my dad's big announcement. -Shaan  
LIVE on  Behind the scenes view of today's announcement from my son Shaan. 
LIVE on  Handing over my account to my son Shaan. Get ready. 
My son Shaan is about to take over my and give a behind the scenes look at the announcement. Stay tuned.
The room is buzzing.  
 Waiting for dad.  
In an hour, my son Shaan is taking control of my account, and giving an all access look at the announcement.
Shaan says I can count on vote. Can I count on your support too?
Want to stay up to date with my Presidential campaign? Make sure we’ve got you on our mailing list: 
 
 Did you see the news? Bobby is running for President. Check out how we told the kids: 
I’m running for President of the United States of America. Join me: 
 In minutes, LIVE on ; He is likely the next candidate for POTUS. What questions do …
