Great story about my wife on how well she is handling the campaign trail as well as her own career. 
Thanks again to the people of Iowa. It was great getting to meet you ; I am especially grateful for the enthusiasm of students! Fight on!
We are not trading our liberty for anything. Not now, not never. Hell no.
 The top tier finish by should push him into debate in NH. We are calling for a fair fight and a deserv…
 Tonight beat Bush, Kasich, Christie and Fiorina. Over the last two  winners and top tier w/ 5th plac…

We fight on! Thank you for all of your support.
We are not trading our liberty for anything. Not now, not never. Hell no.
 Proud to stand and speak on behalf of my good friend   
 Rand Paul supporter dons his pins, "We need a president that stands for peace." 
 In line at Ames 1-2 to caucus for 
My message to Iowa: Let's grow our party, defend personal liberties, let's pass term limits and let's cut the size of government!
  message to Iowa voters: I want to leave more money in Iowa and away from Washington! 
One more precinct in Cedar Rapids! 
 KY Sen. Rand Paul caucusing in CR 
 Speaker for says he's an entrepreneur and feels burden of big government. Also talks of risks of regime change. …
Waiting on results! Chip in $5 while we wait! 
Meeting caucus goers tonight in Cedar Rapids! 
I'm caucusing in Cedar Rapids tonight. Let's shock and win this! 
Speaking at a precinct in Cedar Rapids, Iowa!  
We are ready to shock the world. Make sure you tweet your support tonight!  
  Campaign Manager giving encouragement to volunteers before they speak on caucus night! 
Just landed in Cedar Rapids! Let's caucus!
Are you ready for tonight!? If you are watching the results tonight, chip in $2, $6, $13 or as much as you can! 

  asks crowd of mostly ISU college students who is going to caucus. Majority raise their hand. 
  not steering clear of policy in this pre-caucus rally. Calls for criminal justice reform ; end to NSA data co…
  warming up the pre  crowd for at Curtiss Hall,  
It's good to be back at Iowa State University! Hundreds of fired up students who will caucus in a few hours  
We need to be a party that has people with earrings, without earrings, with tattoos, without tattoos! 
Iowa caucus is simple. Find your location below. Bring a friend. Arrive by 6:30. Vote for Rand Paul.
Only a few hours left before the Caucus! Can I count on 40 more people to donate from Twitter before it starts? 
 Lots of ISU students here at pre-caucus rally are registering to vote.  
If you don't live in Iowa you can still help today. Please donate $11 or $22 to help me win Iowa! 
Need help finding your Caucus location? Look here! Make sure you tweet your support for Rand tonight! 

Hey, , call your office 

 Thanking his troops stops by  hq in Des Moines to fire up staff and out of town volunteers 

Thanks for having me speak here in Des Moines at the CAP 2016  Presidential Briefing! 
Let's shock the world tonight! Find the caucus location for you, your friends and family members. 
  arriving at Des Moines HQ! 400 in attendance! 
LIVE on   Day  in Des Moines with 
I'm live right now with on Tune in! 
Hear about Ted Cruz's shady mail piece? Iowa, we need a President who will show up for the job. 
Can you invite 2 friends or family members tonight to the caucus? Find your location here. 
 Ron Paul campaigns for his son in Urbandale, condemning the new Bernie-driven popularity of socialism. 
Today we make history. Vote for Rand at the Caucus! Find your location:  
Hmmm... Looks like Ted Cruz may have received a voting violation as well. 
Today we make history. Vote for Rand at the Caucus! Find your location: 
 I am very proud to stand and support through this race.  Series:  htt…
 Bring 2 friends with you today to caucus for   
It was great to have join me in Waukee this morning on  Day!

 Enjoyed meeting some young liberty lovers in Dubuque today! 
I hope you're wearing Rand gear in support of Caucus voting today! Send us in your pictures

Breakfast with and 150 of our closest friends. 
Ran into this am.  Been a great week in IA can't thank people enough. Looking fwd to caucuses tonight 
  on  "We're going to surprise people." He'll be on to discuss at 8amET. 
  calls out those controversial mailers in  
 Ron Paul spreads message of liberty for son  via 
I'm live on from Des Moines! 
I'll be joining on in a few minutes, tune in and let's get ready to caucus today! 
  boasts an impressive sentiment score mere hours from Iowa  
  spreads message of liberty for son  via
Are there any late night liberty lovers still up? I still need support. Donate $3, $16, $32, or anything you can! 
ICYMI: Tonight I joined Fox News after the  to discuss the Iowa Caucus.
Learn where to Caucus for Rand Paul! Click below to find your location  
Can I get 40 more donors before midnight? Your help is crucial. If you can help, send $3 right away. 
Make sure you wear your Rand gear tomorrow! If you don't have any yet, you can order here!! 

 Amazing crowd of 1,500 tonight! The revolution continues:  

Are you ready to shock the world tomorrow? Let's show them we mean business. Donate anything tonight. 
 A lot of the crowd is staying behind to see do a live hit with 
  on  “We think we’re going to surprise people.” 
  “If you don’t do well, you don’t appear to be rising in Iowa – you won’t do very well in New Hampshire.” 
Iowa is ready to  against big government in the  
  on  “We’re going to surprise people.”  
Make sure you buy your Rand gear before the Caucus! 
About to join LIVE from my rally. Tune in now!   

"Justice begins when the war on drugs ends"- Rand Paul. Donate $4 or $15 if you agree! 
  'We need to a bigger, better, more diverse party. And as my dad always says, liberty brings people together.'
 Rand Paul's event in Iowa City 
 - "Cruz wants to make the sand glow." More big boos for Cruz at University of Iowa.
  on  "Electing Gollum should not be our objective."
  cites scene in To Kill a Mockingbird in which Scout disperses mob. Said he will stand up to mob to end indefinite…
  'I'll never ignore the human cost of war.'
 In Iowa City, continues with this message: Regime changes haven't stopped terrorism. 
  - Cruz "talks out of both sides of his mouth on NSA." How about we collect 0 % of cell phone records?
Macho rhetoric, fear mongering, and perpetual war. Is this what you want? It's what my opponents are offering!
For those watching the live stream, can I get 30 more donors in the next hour? Donate $2 or $24 here: 
  takes the stage 'I think you just heard from the father of the liberty movement.'
  asks if the crowd will stand with him to fight big brother. After a standing ovation, says now you need to ca…
 Big boos when at University of Iowa mentions big spenders Cruz and Rubio. Voice from the crowd: "Neo-Cons."
Ted Cruz talks out of both sides of his mouth. We need to keep the government out of our records!
  Both parties are infringing on our civil rights. The left on the right to bear arms, the right on the right …
  "I'm the only candidate who will defend the entire Bill of Rights." Left wants to control guns, right wants to co…
  "We borrow $1,000,000 a minute."
Amazing crowd of Liberty lovers joined me  
Thanks for the introduction, dad! 

If you're watching the live stream with my father, remember to donate! Any amount helps. $2, $15, $32 or even $100 
"It sounds like the revolution is alive and well!" - 
  
 
Iowa is ready to  
LIVE on  The Revolution Continues  with 
We've got a lot of liberty going on in Iowa tonight! 
Backstage before the big event with ; 
Excited to step on stage at the University of Iowa ! 
Let's keep the momentum going into Iowa! Looking for 50 new donors in the next hour. Can you donate $4, $31, or $40? 
Caucus Eve in Iowa City! 
My father just landed in Iowa to help! Donate $4, $14, or $20.16 to see the Revolution continue! 
 Here's how you can watch tonight's "The Revolution Continues" rally at 8PM ET featuring and 
Ron and Carol arrive in Iowa to help campaign! 
As my dad always says, "Liberty brings people together." Join us in Iowa tonight: 

I am overwhelmed by the support coming in. Can I get 30 donors from Twitter in the next hour? Donate $3, $9 or $22: 

We are a day away from Caucus. Your donation is crucial right now. Can you give your most generous amount today? 
Stopped by today with the family! I'm blessed to have the support of such great liberty lovers. 
Change your profile picture to show you  You can find more here:  
Need help finding your Caucus location? Click below! 
Excited to have my father on the campaign trail with me. Order your "Revolution Continues!" shirt today! 
I'm a big fan of auditing the Fed but we also need to audit the pentagon! - RP in Dubuque, IA   
Congratulations and thank you!  
  is holding a rally in Dubuque, IA with special guest Watch live here: 
 In Iowa w/ ; we're pushing to victory in the  Join us:  ht…
 Join the  for Senator at the Myers Center on the campus of the today 1:00 PM! - 
  / Mideast regime changes make US less safe 
The revolution continues! Don't miss me and my dad, today in Iowa! 
  "I think the  has too much power"
Joining on 
 We think we're a lot stronger than the polls represent. Our strength is w younger voters, says on 
 Tune into  for our endgame segment with the roundtable and special guest  
 Proud to have endorsed these three  
 "Our strength is with the younger voter" says on 
Joining on Tune in! 
 Special guest joins the  roundtable.  
I'll be joining on in a few minutes. Tune in! 
 “I think it’s kind of creepy” - calls out campaign’s last minute mailers to Iowa voters.
 Ahead - live on to discuss his strategy for winning  Watch  
 See you this morning 9et anchoring some of our 2016 coverage. will join me live!
  talks to right now abouthis strategy in Iowa.   
 Watch join on  talk  ; why he could be the  to w…
I'm live on right now and I'll be on at 830am ET. Tune in!
There is a war on drugs that has disproportionately affected the African American community. I'll fix it! 
  suporters are a visual and vocal group.  
We've got to be very careful that we don't give up our rights in our fear of terrorism. - RP at
  in Blackhawk County gives a warm "first in nation"  welcome to ; 
I think our rights come from our creator and I won't let any government take our rights away! 
  last stop of the day is at UNI in Cedar Falls. He's joined by about 350 people.  
 Evening rally at University of Northern Iowa in Cedar Falls, Iowa 
 gets a warm welcome at the Iowa 10,000  
"The writers got it wrong in No one in congress has a plan. No one but - 
 are ready to  for the  Great crowd tonight 
I had a great conversation with  tonight. Stay tuned for the interview! 
 way to cut off Rand
  sharing his optimistic message w/ caucusgoers at historic Park Inn, Mason City   
Great event in Mason City! Join us on the trail:  
 w/ 1073 votes 34% say won the  - 20% -19% ; 16%  
Tactics of a career politician  
Hypocrisy is shaming  goers for missing votes after missing   
 'There needs to be hope and optimism for everybody.' on changing the GOP and attracting new voters.
We're so distrustful of big gov in taxes and regulations, rightly so. But we need to be distrustful of big gov in criminal justice as well.
 Foreign policy should be defending America, not picking the right leaders in the Middle East. Regime changes don't work …
 U.S. spends $600b on its military, which is equal to Russia, China, and 8 other countries combined. calls to a…
  takes his message to Iowa caucusgoers in Sioux City   
 'We are going to give the power back to the states and to the people,' says to applause in Sioux City.
 EPA clean water rule now defines dirt as a pollutant and your backyard as navigable water, says as example of …
  says he'll repeal all of executive orders from day one in office.
 Next stop: in Sioux City in front of more than 150 people. 
LIVE on   with 
 The Iowa HQ is BUMPING!  
  our liberty, our individuality, our Constitution, our Bill of Rights, our economic freedom, our United …
I'm on the trail w/ today in IA! Don't miss it in person:  and live: 
 Join Senator at the Sioux City Holiday Inn today at 12:00 PM for a  - 
 'War is expensive, both in money and in lives,' says. Other Republicans will continue in Middle East with no r…
  making final pitch for freedom, peace ; prosperity to Iowa caucusgoers in Council Bluffs  
  'You want somebody with some temperament, who is not eager to pull the trigger.' A jab at
 'President Obama in his last year in office has been given a blank check' to spend whatever he wants, says in …
  Biggest threat to national security is our $20 trillion debt. It's the fault of both Democrats and Republica…
  asks crowd who has been called to poll. No one raises their hand. At 5th place in IA, he says polling is not …
 You heard it from first:  Now, it's gone viral. 
  of Ky. is in Council Bluffs today to stump for He'll be in Iowa all weekend. 
 Great turn out this morning in Council Bluffs!  
 is with us in Iowa for the  Don't miss it:  
 : War on drugs ‘unfairly incarcerates’ black Americans via 
 Maybe I've missed something, but from everything I've read to date, I think makes the most sense.  
  boasts an impressive 67% positive sentiment score just days before Iowa  
Perfect fortune cookie! 
Have you voted in our poll yet!? Elect Trump? Or be forced to listen to Nickelback for four years? 
Join me tomorrow at for the  10,000 Rally. Let's show them the youth vote DOES matter | 
I need 84 more donors from Twitter tonight! Can I get 10 in the next hour? Donate $12 or more here! 
Have you pledged to vote for Rand Paul yet? Pledge to vote now! 

Would you rather elect Trump, or be forced to listen to Nickelback for a four year term? Vote now! 
 Rand Paul on Hillary email: "This disregard for national security should forever preclude her from being president."
"I'm a Christian. I believe in redemption. I believe in second chances. I think the law should reflect that." - RP on criminal justice
 I'm grateful for his partnership on a number of criminal justice reform efforts.  
  'Compassion' will grow GOP  via
Great crowd here in Davenport today!  
Can I get 250 donors on Twitter today for my post Debate Victory Moneybomb? 30 donors in the next hour? Donate $2! 
  "As much as I want a strong national defense, I don't think we become stronger when we go into debt."
 
  wins  on Twitter  
  on the  without "It was a pleasure"  
 "It was a pleasure" debating without tells  
Last night's debate was exactly the boost I needed! Keep the momentum going today, by donating $3 or more!  
Check out the car we found in Iowa! 
Good morning Iowa! 
Looking forward to joining on in the next hour. Tune in to hear my thoughts on last night
 tells me re: Trump "I think from now on he should have his own little rallies and we should have a debate on su…
  had a great night.  
  Cheers arise among these college students: "End the Fed" and boos for missing audit the fed vote. 
Rand Paul won the debate! Send him a victory donation of $2, $6, $15, $35 or even $50! 
  "It's the best debate we've had"  
 . joins  now. 
 Read Some of the Best Tweets from the  | 
 Proud to  He's the only candidate fully advocating for liberty—economic and personal. will defend…
Can we get 50 more donors from Twitter in the next hour? Donate $7, $17, or $29 ; help us raise $250K by Friday! 
  Social's favorite of the night 1st 71%2nd 60%3rd 58% 

  Clintons have taken millions ; millions of dollars "from regimes in the Middle East who treat women like cattle." …
 "I am the one true fiscal conservative," says. 
 "I am the one true fiscal conservative," says in his closing statement.  
 says it's good to be back at debate, offers closing argument: "I am the one true fiscal conservative."
  I am the one true fiscal conservative who will look at all spending.  
  I am the one true fiscal conservative 
 Closing statements from "I will balance the budget." 
  just mentioned the national debt at  Here's the situation we face. 
 I am worried about the country and how much debt we are adding. -- at  during closing statement
 "Glad to be back on the stage tonight..." ...; we are glad youre back where ya belong! ☺️  
 Rand Paul just ripped Cruz apart - essentially saying Cruz not honest about his position on amnesty/path to citizenship
 Wow, nailed on authenticity over his immigration flip flops.
  "Liberty requires a virtuous people, but it doesn't come from government"  
 I gave a standing ovation in the living room for his answer on protecting human life in the womb. So smart, so c…
 Best to worst (so far)1. Rand2. Jeb3. Rubio4. Christie5. Cruz6. Kasich7. Carson
 Got to say that has have a really good debate.  He's going to surprise some people on Monday.
Can we get 30 more donors from Twitter before the  ends? Help us raise $250K by Friday 
 finds way to champion Iowa ethanol through Free Market -  
 Dude, audience members at the  are SUPER hype. 
  is on fire tonight.
  on "She can't be a champion of women's rights if she has this lurking out there." 

 Should Return Money From Saudi Arabia -  
 Help us raise $250K by Friday! Donate $13, $23, or $34 tonight 
Overwhelmed by the support flowing in! Let's keep it up! Can you donate $4 or $16 right now? 
  "If we don't know right and wrong, I think we have lost our way." 
  says that "liberty requires a virtuous people," invoking G. Washington. 
 "We must have virtue. We must have religious bearing as a nation." 
 "We must have virtue. We must have religious bearing as a nation." 
  "W/out the religious foundation that guides us all... we have a great risk of going horribly in the wrong directio…
 "Democracy requires a virtuous people."
 seems to get the most active response from the crowd 
 "The bottom line is, we must have virtue, we must have a religious bearing as a nation..." —
  fans in the audience are all like... || credit:  
 Help us raise $250K by Friday! Donate $11, $21, or $31 tonight 
I strongly believe in the sanctity of life. Learn more:  
 Vote for ;    
  gave an amazing and articulate amazing answer on community policing:  
 Thank you! - Team Rand
Help us raise $250K by Friday! Donate $9, $17, or $31 during tonight's  
 BREAKING: is leading our live  poll. Vote now   
 too reasonable! "if you have border security you can have legalization."
 Randgirling is an epidemic tonight ...  
"We think we're going to do very well in Iowa with the liberty vote." - 
  so far: 1. 71% positive2. 61%3. 59% 
 Help us raise $250K by Friday! Donate $8, $16, or $38 tonight 
  According to online sentiment is performing the best tonight  
  "The war on drugs has disproportionately affected our African American community." 

 Opposes Amnesty and Believes We Must Secure The Border While Encouraging Legal Immigration |  
Help us raise $250K by Friday! Donate $7, $13, or $33 during tonight's  
  says "War on Drugs has disproportionately affected African-Americans."   
 Rand Paul on target in citing criminal justice reform as a key opportunity for a better future
 He's got a dash of our founding fathers in his words-gotta love it! ☺️    
 Rand Paul drops some truth bombs about inequity and incarceration – and the internet goes wild!  
 Help us raise $250K by Friday! Donate $7, $13, or $33 tonight 
  is surging in our polls 📈📈 VOTE at  if you think he's winning the  
  says we need to change American drug policy. Do you agree?  
 Unusual to hear at a  - talks about how "the war on drugs has disproportionately affected African-Amer…
 "The war on drugs has disproportionately affected our African-American males."   
  's fans are in the building tonight. Have heard way more applause for him throughout the debate than just about …
 Thank you, for standing up for all our rights—and everyone's rights. 
 Wheres all my fellow supporters?!?! I know I'm not alone! 🤓 🇺🇸    

 Sen. cites that he's been to Ferguson to work on criminal justice reform. How many other candidates can sa…
  has  disproportionately affected the African American community says calls for  reform 
  "I think the war on drugs has disproportionately affected our African American community."  
 is having his best debate by far -- and talking stuff no one else has -- black folks, poverty, civil forefeiture.
 At  says "protecting this country begins with border security." 
  I've been a leader in Congress in trying to bring about criminal justice reform. 
 Yes, "The war on drugs has disproportionately affected the African-American community." He's right. 
  one of the only candidates to consistently talk about criminal justice reform on the debate stage.
 This is where really shines: CJ reform - linking it to Ferguson 
  "I think the war on drugs has disproportionately affected the African American community."  
  also says he has campaigned on the need for criminal justice reform. 
 Drink every time the audience screams their heads off for [BLACKOUT] 
 Minimum mandatories ; criminal justice reform (not typical GOP topics) 
  "War on Drugs has disproportionately affected the African American community" 
  is right: War on drugs has exacerbated deep racial disparities in the criminal justice system. 
Help us raise 250K by Friday! Can we get 250 donors on Twitter tonight? Donate $3, $7, $33 or more! 
 The Politicians Are To Blame in Ferguson -  
  “It’s a huge mistake to close down mosques. Protecting this country begins with border security.” 
  having a good debate.  He's clearly enjoying the extra oxygen in the room
  says Marco Rubio can't be for fighting radical Islam and not for border security. 
  raises border security - we must secure our borders to ensure Americans' safety and security! 
   nice! made a great point about soft on terror ;  because he…
  If you want to defend the country, you have to do border security.   
 Has Rejected Amnesty and Demanded Border Security -  
 RETWEET if you think is winning the   
  asks a solid question: "Should we be bombing both sides of the war?" ISIS and Asad. 
 Warned That We Were Inadvertently Arming ISIS in Syria ; Iraq-- And It Happened -  
  flashing his Constitution.  
 The fact check I've been waiting forever to do. is correct on this. 
  says we need to collect records of terroists the old fashioned way, get a warrant, use 4th amendment 
  is not wasting his moment on the main stage at the   
  "The bulk collection of your phone data and the invasion of your privacy did not stop one terrorist attack." 
 "Lets respect the history of our country..." HELL YES.   
  "we don't have to give up liberty for a fault sense of security. "  
  You don't need to give up your liberty for a false sense of security.   …
  "The bulk collection of your phone data and the invasion of your privacy did not stop one terrorist attack." 
  I don't think you have to give up your liberty for a false sense of security.  
  getting a lot of applause from people here at the  Says NSA phone record collection has never caug…
  "I don't think you have to give up your liberty for a false sense of security." 
 "I don't think you have to give up your liberty for a false sense of security."  on NSA spying  htt…
 Sen. said bulk data collected by the NSA did not stop 1 terrorist attack. Injected surveillance powers ; liberty i…
  The liberty vote is going to "stay in the Paul household. More of it's coming, and it's going to grow." 
 "The bulk collection of your phone data and the invasion of your privacy did not stop one terrorist attack." …
    "I don't think you have to give up your liberty for a false sense of secu…
 flashing his Constitution.  
Help us raise 250K by Friday! Can we get 250 donors on Twitter tonight? Donate $2, $10, $35 or more! 
Let’s Destroy ISIS — Not the Constitution! Read more here -  
  says he doesn't think liberty movement will show up for says not showing up for  speaks v…
 . says he is going to get the "liberty vote" in Iowa 
 Cheers from the audience when says "I think we're going to do very well in Iowa with the 'liberty vote.'" 
  "We think we're going to do very well in Iowa with the liberty vote."  
  "We think we're going to do very well in Iowa with the liberty vote." 
  says "didn't show up" in the senate re: audit the fed and won't get the liberty vote in Iowa 
 "There's probably no person I respect more than my father" says at 
 "Senate you are definitely not an establishment candidate..." DAMN STRAIGHT!! Thats why I like him ☺️ 
  says he has not shunned his father's politics when asked if he made a mistake by not fully emrbacing it 
  I don't think the [liberty] vote will go for  
 Huge repsonse for introduction! Bigger than for anyone else. Hmm...
 Crowd at  definitely seems happy to have back on the main stage. 
"I wouldn't be surprised if places higher than you think." - 
About to start! Donate $20.16 if you are cheering for Rand tonight! 
 Outside  site supporters with bullhorn, signage and energy 
 'Electing Gollum should not be our objective' - on what he calls grab for power. 
Almost debate time! Send Rand a quick donation of $2, $5, or $7 as he prepares back stage! 
If you are ready for a real debate tonight, show your support by donating $6. Time to stand with Rand: 
Are you ready for the debate!?! Before Rand gets on stage send him a donation of $2, $6, $20 or even $50! 
  Not having on debate stage “sucking up the air” tonight is "a good idea": 
 Breaking: Rand Paul campaign rips ABC for new rules that would likely exclude him, others from NH debate 
I see an America... - RP at  
  answers questions from aboard the – LIVE on C-SPAN   
 We're LIVE on the is taking phone calls on   
  speaking from campus. Watch live on now.  
 "For us to win again we will have to be brave enough to believe..that ideas are powerful" be a "bigger, better, brighter party…
 "I'm the only one in this race who doesn't want power or dominion over you" .. Govt so small you can barely see it
 When I am president war will be fought only for America "not for regime change and not for nation building"
 Rand Paul's prose getting purple at Drake: "What victory is faith if we are not free to choose it?"
 Rand Paul event at Drake feels like the old days: Hundreds of students, chants of "no more war."
 Vocal university crowd listening to in Des Moines 
I'm the only candidate who supports the ENTIRE Bill of Rights! - RP at 
All spending needs restrain. Many in the GOP say they are for balancing a budget, I'm actually the only one to have introduced such a budget
  campaigns in Des Moines, IA – LIVE on C-SPAN   
  kicks off a packed weekend schedule through caucus night at Drake. His schedule:  
 See live via from Drake University now.  
 Standing room only for at 
 Crowded room at awaiting LIVE IN MINUTES on  
Watch my campaign mgr preview tonight's debate right after our small council meeting 
  arrives at campaign HQ here in  to much applause 
Just arrived in our Des Moines office HQ! Liberty is thriving! 
Just arrived in our Des Moines office HQ! Liberty is thriving! 
  a pro Super PAC, is making ways before the  An exclusive look: 
I'll be joining on at 2:15pm ET. Tune in!
From my upcoming speech at Drake today a sneak peek: as my Dad always says, "Liberty brings people together."
  The ice cream flavor named after ought to be free  
  might fit in better at a Democratic debate  via 
  Campaign Rally in Des Moines, IA – LIVE at 4pm ET on C-SPAN   
Enjoyed being in studio this morning in Iowa with Jeff Angelo on whoradio. 
Join me at Drake University today for the Iowa 10,000 Rally! 
I will be on coming up in just a few minutes. Tune in!
  on his  strategy: "Our secret weapon will be the youth vote..."  
 On Rand Paul says Cruz has got a "problem with liberty voters" - pointing to Cruz support for the USA Freedom Act
  “I feel like I’ve got a double-win. I’m in the main debate ; I don’t have to put up w/ 
  “My candidacy is unique…I’m the only fiscal conservative.”  
 Be sure to tune into as joins and to talk the Debate and…
 COMING UP: joins to talk debate and the Iowa caucuses 
  won't be missed, has brought only "silliness, bombast, and empty rhetoric" to debates 

  weighs in on  and the Fox News-Google  ahead of the Iowa caucuses.
  On - When Interviewed By Women He Bullies ; Runs Roughshod Over Them - listen 2 intv; 
The revolution continues! Join me and my dad, in Iowa this Sunday  
Looking forward to joining on at 11am ET. Tune in!
 Are Bernie Sanders supporters "embrac[ing] socialism?" says yes ; finds it scary  
 So says he's going to skip Thursday's FOX debate. On the other hand, back. So the ratings won'…
I only need 22 more donors on Twitter tonight! Your help is needed. Send an urgent donation of $50, $12 or $2 
We have momentum! Rand is back on the main debate stage. Donate $3, $7, $22 or more! 
 Sen. tells he'll "definitely outperform the polls."   Less than a week until…
 Do you  Here are a few ways you can push to victory in 
I am on the main stage! Help me keep up the momentum! Can I get 122 more donors from Twitter tonight? Give $4 or $10 
 "Socialism is a failed system...it’s also ultimately predicated upon force." takes on 
  tells reporters just now there's 100 young men;women at his Des Moines HQ ; they've made over 750k calls. Excit…
  on making the Fox News debate: 'We’ve got a great ground game (in Iowa) and we’re excited to be in the final …
  stood up to the media while saying no to the so called "2nd tier" debate. Now he's back on the main stage whe…
Help me celebrate the news! We are on the main debate stage! Donate $26, $12, or $3 here: 
 will be BACK on the main debate stage Thursday where he belongs, damnit! Aaah. One less thing for me to rant ab…
 It's confirmed! WILL be on the GOP debate stage Thursday. 
  is in! Check out the reaction from the Iowa Rand Paul HQ!   
Rand Paul makes the main debate stage! Donate $2, $7, or $15 to help keep up the momentum!! 
  is BACK on the GOP debate stage!
  will be in Thursday's Fox News debate here in Des Moines.  
 800,000 phone calls for in Iowa!   
  returns to Iowa on Thursday and will be here through caucus night. His schedule: 
"Sen. is poised to make his return to the main-stage  Read more:  
Are you a Republican overseas?  and vote in the  
  says the national debt is the main reason he ran for office. Watch more at  
 New report shows Medicare bankrupt in a decade: only pres candidate talking debt: 
 The revolution continues! Join and in Iowa and let's push to victory in the  
  tweets up a storm at during the   via 
ICYMI - Last night I live tweeted the  You can read it here:  
New goal met in Iowa! 755k phone calls made to voters for liberty! Join them:   
 So on who performed best at  Early polling says write-in candidate 
  “I’ve been a lead spokesman saying ‘The government shouldn’t collect all of our phone records.’” 
  “We think we’re definitely going to outperform what the polls are showing.” 
  “This is a new war ; a new generation ; we need to vote. Congress absolutely needs to vote.”  
  “I have not been shy about standing up to leadership on any issue and will continue to do so.”  
Can I get another 100 donors from Twitter tonight? We must defeat Socialism. Contribute $35, $11, or just $2!! 
The most important take-away from the entire  will be:  
Almost time for my appearance with Tune into at 1130pm ET Cc:
I'm running to defeat socialism. Chip in $5 or $8 to tell Bernie Sanders "no thanks" to socialism. 
 The doctor is in.  
  making the most of the 
 Don't miss a special appearance by   
Help me defeat Bernie Sanders' socialism. I have a goal to raise 25K this evening. Donate $2, $6 or $20 here: 
 Live tweeting 
 Based on the first few minutes, pretty sure Tweets are going to be the most interesting part of this.
  
 Follow tonight. Solid debate game.    
I can't bring myself to live tweet Martin O'Malley, sorry Twitter. 
I just want to remind everyone: "A claim for equality of material position can be met only by a government with totalitarian powers." Hayek
"We didn't get to climate change" Nearly 500K trees r killed every year to produce tax forms. Save the trees. Say no to Bernie. 
If you want people to have more and better access to mental health care lets have more competition not more gov 
Gun show loop hole is a myth!  
The # of firearms in the US has increased by over 50% since 1993, but our gun homicide rate has shrunk by nearly 50% 
 there's no correlation between gun ownership and mass shootings  
But where does Bernie stand on Afghanistan?
Now don't worry Twitter, I'll go back to disagreeing with Bernie now 
Here's a place where we agree. The Iraq war was a mistake. I wouldn't have voted for it. I filed bill to end it in the Senate 
I agree with Bernie on one thing. We should have a great debate on issues. I've offered to debate him, I think it would be very illuminating
I'm on with around 10P ET tonight! 
"Because a vision softly creeping. Left its seeds while I was sleeeeping. And the vision that was planted in my brain, still remains"
Bernie picked the wrong Simon and Garfunkel song for his ad. He should have used the Sounds of Silence  
Hey "One of the great mistakes is to judge policies and programs by their intentions rather than their results." Milton Friedman
If we are serious about taking care of the american people let's not tax them to death. 
I FEEL LIKE THIS ENTIRE  SO FAR HAS BEEN IN ALL CAPS
Serious question: If Bernie wants to make public college "free," why would he also need more subsidized gov-run student loans? 
 "And I will pay for that".....by making you pay for that 
 your low interest rate policies have increased income inequality:  
 has his own ice cream flavor now from I demand equal time. 
 is right. ObamaCare failed. He recognizes it and it needs to be repealed. But more gov doesn't work. More competition does!
 ideas aren't radical? How is raising taxes by $19.6 Trillion not a radical idea? 
Gov’t involvement never works. Gov’t involvement in healthcare raised prices ; gov’t involvement in ed raised tuition costs 
 just spent five minutes telling you what he thinks a socialist is. I can do it faster. 
Get the gov out of lives and businesses. A constitutional gov and flat tax without loopholes is the answer to the problem 
But I have a different solution. Don't limit speech. Make the government smaller so people have no incentive to buy it 
Sanders talks about Campaign Finance Reform and that too many people are trying to buy things and people in Washington. (1/2) 
How surprised are you by how wonderful this is going for you?? That's the first question? Seriously?  
Here comes I predict he spends a trillion dollars in the first give minutes. Someone tally it. 
Is this going to be like Can I text in after to vote for the one most likely to be indicted? 
 interviewing Democrats. I'm sure he will be tough on them......... 
Don't miss this after the  
I can't believe the Dems didn't hide the  during the NFL championship games yesterday. Someone might be watching tonight!
Hey -- I'll be there Thursday! Come hear why capitalism  socialism!   
It's almost time for the  on CNN! 
Looking forward to being on with on at 11:30pm ET. is here with me! 
I look forward to joining tonight at 10:30pm on Tune in!
 I talked to about this today... Airs tonight   
 A press release from campaign confirms that a new poll qualifies him for Thursday's  
 Good time today at Town Hall with ;   
 Update to quest for 1 million caucus calls: They're now at 755,000, his campaign tells me. 61,000 were made …
Always great to see my friend 
I'm on with on tonight! Tune in around 840P ET!  
 It was a pleasure meeting at the studios town hall meeting today. 
  welcomes Mixing with the audience before our Town Hall. 
 Thanks Brad. Hope you check in later. It will be fun. Pulling no punches!
 The  is in a week! tells he's ready to shock the establishment.  
I'll be on soon! Watch live:  
Great seeing at today! 
 hasn't accepted my challenge to debate so I'll join him on tonight for the  
 With Iowa a week out, will join host for  Town Hall Series - Airing TUE @ 8am: 
 Now: we talk w/ on the upcoming  + his strategy for the  
  on Trump: “I think a dose of humility would be good for him.”  
 THIS WEEK on  ; join panel. Get tix: 
I'm about to be live on with Watch here:  
 Only candidate in either party willing to discuss scope and limits of presidential power:  
Join me for the Drake University  and let's push to victory in the  
  If they exclude me from the debate... what does that say to the millions of voters who agree with me? 
"I'm the only fiscal conservative in this race. Most of the Republicans in this race are liberal with spending." - RP on
On with now! 
 Coming up... and  
"I think if you're a conservative you have to be conservative with all spending." - RP on 
On with now! Watch live:  
I'll be live with at 7am ET! Watch live: 
  to when won our presidential straw poll at our convention in '13  
Just 2 donors away from my goal tonight. Can I get someone to donate $50, $24 or $6 on Twitter? Tweet if you donate! 
 We are ready for President Paul here in Iowa!  
Countdown to the  Get involved:  
I only need 12 more donors from Twitter tonight. Donate $2, $5, $11 or $21 tonight! Send an urgent donation now! 
Can I get 52 more donors on Twitter tonight? Donate $2, $4, $5 or $10 here: 
Tomorrow I'll be live at We have a few tickets to give away to NYC supporters. RSVP rsv 
Looks like in Iowa is ready for the  
  joins me 7pm on  to discuss new polls in   ; his strategy leading …
The media is up to it again. Trying to black my message out. Send them a message! Donate $2, $3 or $8 now!! 
 I agree. does not look like  
 Apparently has a new look. 
 Woops. you look a bit different from when I saw you Monday in Des Moines.  
Funny how this only seems to happen to one candidate... Coincidence? 
Can I get 100 donors from Twitter today? The Caucus is soon ; I need your help! Donate $2, $10, or $25 here: 
ICYMI: I had a great conversation with Independent voters in New Hampshire for Candidate Cafe series. 
ICYMI: This morning I joined CNN's to talk about the  and the 2016 race.
 Coming Up - joins to talk  and the 2016 race. Watch LIVE:  
 These were the top 14 moments from "Ask Me Anything" on  
 is going to be confused probably.
 Common Core math.
 this is what happens when you let the government run a railroad Ben.
Had a great time at the gun show in Concord NH today. Thanks to for donating this beauty to the campaign! 
  on possible Bloomberg run: "I think that gun control is not that popular in this country."
Now Nanny thinking of running! Another liberal billionaire from NYC? I think that slot is taken...
 "If you get rid of Assad, who is going to replace him? Thomas Jefferson?" -
  is about to take the stage at the Presidential Town Hall.  
 First time has worn a suit in NH in weeks. Staffer says it's a special event, "plus his wife is here." 
  brings up Vera Coking eminent domain/eminent domain story to hit as power monger    …
 "Kids coming by the thousands to our rallies" on college campuses, says    via
Live from the It's great to be here with the 
I'm headed to the soon! Don't miss it. 
“It’s an unholy alliance that’s bankrupting the country,” - Read more at: 
Stopped by The Coffee Factory to get some house roasted coffee ; meet some liberty lovers!  
 In his AMA reveals his hair secrets, his lunch habits w/ + ; more. 
Thank you for the support this evening! Help put us over the top by donating here. Can anyone donate $5 or even $50? 
Support is pouring in! I only need 11 more donors from Twitter tonight. If anyone can donate $2 or $5 chip in here: 
We are $30K short of our goal to expand GOTV efforts in Iowa! Can I get another 32 donors on Twitter tonight? 
Great crowd tonight at our New Boston Town Hall!  
A quick message from my friend, Sign up to volunteer! 
 Kudos to - the only candidate willing/able to tell voters his understanding of executive powers he'd wield ht…
Join us in New Boston tonight for the Town Hall:  
  explains why regulations make life WORSE for consumers in tonight's show (at 5pm, not my usual 8pm) on
  ; wife Kelly doing vintage meet greet at Puritan Backroom     via
Good morning, New Hampshire! It's great to be back in the Live Free or Die state!  
I'll be joining tonight at 5pm ET on Tune in for a dose of liberty!
Join me in Rochester, NH tomorrow! Register here:  
  In terms of social sentiment is leading the pack  
 Does cut his own hair? If so, that's the single most impressive thing about any candidate this cycle 
 Huh. did an AMA on and has some really good answers. Very interesting, you should check it out 
 Hah. just won heart in one fell swoop 
 Name the place. Always love grabbing a bite to eat with Congress's two best defenders of liberty.  
Thanks for joining my AMA! ICYMI you can read my responses here:  
Hey ; want to grab lunch soon? 
A few of my favorite philosophers and economists. 
I get this question all the time. 
"One of the first and most important questions from my AMA so far" 
I'm seeing some great questions in my AMA. I'm about to get started at 7:30pm ET! Join here: 
Join me live for an AMA on at 7:30pm ET:  
Getting ready for my AMA! Make sure you join at  
  will campaign in Iowa for his son, the first time he's appeared on the trail. 
 NEW: is headed to Iowa Jan. 31 to stump for  
 Ron Paul will be in Iowa Jan. 31 campaigning for son  via  
 Announcing "The rEVOLution Continues" Rally with and  
I hope you'll join me and my father, on the campaign trail! 

  joins at 2:40! Tune in on AM 680 or  
Join U.S. Senator for a traditional town hall meeting to hear his plans to take our country back in 2016! 
 Here’s what would ask  
 Don't miss AMA tonight at 7:30pm ET:  
In honor of  Submitted without comment. 
 We've confirmed the AMA! Senator will be answering your questions tomorrow, 1/21, at 7:30pm ET!
ICYMI: I joined to discuss Sarah Palin's shout out, libertarianism, foreign policy, and 2016!
 "The  is less than two weeks away and team is organizing under the radar." 

 Will surprise in Iowa? chats with Sen. Paul for a exclusive on his caucus prospects. 
Looking forward to joining on at 4pm ET. Tune in! 
Join us on the trail in New Hampshire and Iowa! Go to  to register   
Shock the media. Take our student operation in Iowa to the next level by donating here: 
Join U.S. Senator for a traditional town hall meeting to hear his plans to take our country back in 2016! 
This is a great video made by our friends. Please share it! 
Some $3 trillion comes in to the U.S. Treasury in taxes. Couldn’t we survive on just $3 trillion? 
Electing Gollum should not be our objective. 
Prayers tonight for the family of the young volunteer who passed away tonight. Our hearts go out to them and we lift them up
  says people shouldn't go to prison for 20 years for youthful, nonviolent mistakes  ht…
Our prayers are with Dr. Carson's campaign team for a speedy recovery for those injured today.
Have you signed up to volunteer in Iowa yet? Calling all liberty activists to volunteer! 
Have you purchased your Rand Paul fleece yet? Order today! 
  with the editorial board: 'I look beyond party more than any other candidate.' 
  unleashes a cartoon to take down Watch the new attack ad here:  
Talking to this morning! 
 50 people crammed into Platinum Kuts barber shop w/ -- just another day in   via…
  with the Register's editorial board: I look beyond party more than any other candidate.  …
  took a question from an audience member who asked if he would write an executive order to reschedule medical …
  says he wants to let the government 'shut down and start over with some new rules' for a balanced budget.
  calls for no more regime changes in the Middle East. They're not helping and ISIS has grown stronger.
Thanks to everyone who came out to the  tonight!  
  says one thing his dad, was good at was saying we should not be the world's police, 'and I agree.'
 Electrifying crowd in Iowa tonight for "Rally for Fiscal Sanity!"  
  taking his message of redemption ; criminal justice reform to Iowa caucusgoers in Johnston  
  Where was the defender of Liberty in Patriot Act negotiations? 'Well he certainly wasn't on the debate stage…
 Crowd of Rand true believers here in suburban DSM. They are chanting "President Paul"
  continues to talk about the failings of the war on drugs. Says it needs to be 'reassessed' to an 'amen' from …
  gets big applause from one of his favorite lines: "I want the government to leave you the hell alone."
 Great crowd tonight, fired up to see at the  for Fiscal Sanity! 
Warm welcome from a packed house in Johnston at the  for Fiscal Sanity! "President Paul! President Paul!" 
 Crowd filling hotel ballroom for Rand Paul in suburban DSM 
 Rand Paul has about 1,000 precinct captains, he announced on his birthday Jan. 7.  
 Once again we see going places other Republicans won't.  
 Paul says U.S. has “gone crazy with the war on drugs.” Reduce possession charges to misdemeanors, expunge records.  
  compliments for commuting Demaryius Thomas' mother's drug trafficking sentence. Wants to get rid of ma…
  asked how he would use exec. order? To undue previous power grabbing exec. orders from other presidents. 
  returns to NH on Fri-Sat for town halls in New Boston, Rochester +    via
 Paul says he wants to control pollution but he objects to those who make a religion out of it.  
 Paul said he supports a Clean Water Act to prevent pollution but EPA has extended it beyond legitimate rivers/streams.  
 On Clean Water Act: It should be illegal to dump benzene in water. But dirt is now a "pollutant"; backyard is a stream, sa…
  "Many of us want to protect real wetlands, but we want you to leave us the hell alone on our private property…
  calls for fellow senators to read bills in their entirety. Proposes waiting one day for every 20 pages to deb…
  'I'm a loud voice for saying what we're doing is wrong' on national spending and debt. 'The system will brea…
Retweet and share with your friends! 
  campaign releases "Audit The Ted" cartoon going after for missing Audit the Fed vote. 
 Starring "The Goldman Sachs" - which sounds funnier than it reads, on ;  
 New cartoon attacks on "Audit the Fed", Goldman Sachs $$$ and more-&gt;  
Learn why we need to "Audit The Ted" 
  calls for justice reform at Drake barbershop.  via
 (D)Rep. met with on MLK Day while discussing issues in the minority community. 
 Even hair loves liberty. 
Join us for the  for Fiscal Sanity in Johnston, Iowa today at 7:00 PM | 
The one thing that is missing - they should all get an apology from
Demaryius Thomas gave his mother a game ball, after Peyton Manning handed it to him and said give this to your Mom.
President Obama gave Demaryius Thomas his mother back by commuting what remained of her harsh sentence.
We are reminded when we hear the story of Denver Broncos Demaryius Thomas, whose mother received 20 years and grandmother two life sentences
Fed mandatory minimums and 3 strikes ; life bills came from Clinton's attempt to look tough on crime. They put a gen of minorities in prison
She conveniently forgets that many of the worst bills that need fixing in our fight for justice are Clinton bills.
In the  last night tried to ignore her past and that of her husband.
In honor of  I visited a barbershop to discuss criminal justice reform. Learn more:  
 receiving some BBQ tips from Des Moines' own Marlando "Big Moe" Cason 
 On campaign trail at Iowa's Platinum Kutz where is holding event, told he will not be getting haircut 
 "If I sit here, am I going to get a haircut?"  at Platinum Kutz barbershop in Drake. 
  speaks with a voter at Platinum Kutz barbershop in Drake. 
 pays a visit to a local Des Moines barbershop, Platinum Kutz, and speaks with owner Rob Presswood. 
 People are getting personal questions in with at Platinum Kutz this morning. 
 telling attendees there's a "racial disparity" in American prisons. Addressing criminal justice reform 
  on working across the aisle on criminal justice reform: "I think I'd be a different sort of Republican."
 The National Anthem sung at Platinum Kutz barbershop in Drake in honor of MLK Day with 
 Sen. this morning on recent developments with Iran. 
Live with now! 
In studio with discussing the  our 1K precinct chairs, and over 500k calls here in IA! 
ICYMI: This morning I joined​ to discuss the release of the U.S. prisoners in Iran and my campaign!
Let's wish MLK a Happy Birthday by uniting the two Americas into one America that includes justice for all:  
 Why skipped the undercard debate  
Let’s commemorate the his life by uniting the two Americas into one:  Happy 
 Is glad that he missed the undercard debate? Here's his answer.  
  on release of 5 Americans: When something good happens we ought to celebrate it 
  is about to join LIVE from Iowa to discuss the campaign trail,  ; more. Tune in! 
I'll be live with soon! 
 Coming up...  
ICYMI: last night I live tweeted the entire  Read the collection here. 
Thanks for joining my latest tweetstorm. I hope you enjoyed it more than I enjoyed the  Learn more: 
 Rand Paul being sassy, as usual 
No on the stage this evening understands the threat the Fed poses to our economy. It's time to 
 Check out livetweeting the  
   
  the master of snarky tweets   
If you want to see an "issue oriented campaign" visit  
I just want to remind everyone, "There is no free lunch!" 
During the commercial break, chip in to my campaign! Anything from $2 to $50 makes a huge difference. 
No one has fought harder for your right to privacy and 4th amendment rights than I have  
I am the one candidate from either party who will stand for the entire Bill of Rights. 
 is correct on 1 thing, she spent many hours in Sit Room. Doesn't mean she's qualified  
Great video from "Why is the only Republican challenging Washington's foreign policy?"  
Twelve Years Later, Is Still Defending Her Iraq War Vote  
Her failed war in Libya ; arming Syrian rebels allied w/ ISIS, made us less safe. It appears she has not learned anything 
 Your wars in Iraq Syria ; Libya strengthened ISIS ; yet u still have the audacity to talk about foreign policy? 
We cannot let anyone on this stage become elected president. Donate any amount you can afford to help me here: 
Anyone else think that  halftime show needed a band?
Talk about foreign policy now. So this will start to sound a LOT like the  without me in it  
Don't have to believe in Big Gov to care about the environment. It can be compatible with freedom ; jobs  
I think I heard say, loudly, "THE DEBATE IS OVER" so goodnight everyone! 
I think the Democrats are taking questions from cartoons. I don't know what that means, I'm just pointing it out. 
How about we try actually lowering taxes and getting rid of the 70K page tax code? 
I agree with again "What Hillary Clinton just said is not true" They could just put that under her on the screen all night.
 is giving a big hug right now in the  getting jealous
After working with Congressman Paul for months on his  bill, ‘sold out'  
Want to defeat Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders? I can do it. Donate $2 or $5 to help me beat them 
Another break already? I hope everyone makes it back to from the bathroom in time 
 free college isn't sustainable, but making college tuition tax deductible is.  
The youth vote does matter! That's why I organized on college campuses all over the country 
So instead of addressing the real costs of his proposals just wants to shout buzzwords 
I want to hear weigh in again, he seems less angry than and 
 thinks the way to make healthcare cost less is to get the government MORE involved. That has never worked 
 wants "Medicare for All" - sure let's take a program that's tens of trillions in longterm debt and make it bigger 
As a doctor, I have firsthand experience w/ the immense problems facing health care in the United States 
First Commercial break. Maybe I should have skipped the  too? 
Help the candidate who can beat anyone on this stage, DONATE to my campaign tonight! 
 supports criminal justice reform? She once called the Violent Crime Control ; LA Act smart ; tough 
ICYMI: During my  I addressed the War on Drugs 
Reforming criminal justice to make it racially blind is imperative... Read more: 
If you're playing  bingo tonight you're probably dangerously close to filling out your card in the first 20 minutes 
I have called for comprehensive reform measures to fix America’s broken criminal justice system  - 
Seriously? is bragging he has a failing grade on protecting the Bill of Rights 
 just bragged about getting a D- grade. And he wants to fix education. 
 is seriously happy about his plan to ruin our economy, I'll give him that 
 wants to cut healthcare costs. Try getting government out of the way and let competition work. 
 is fine with Super PACs as long, as they're supporting him. *See Nurses Super PAC for more details  
Surprised didn't just open the  with 45 seconds of "This Land is Your Land"
Are they going to ask the Democrats tons of questions about Donald Trump or is that just for us? 
 makes a good point. Love/hate him, ppl r talking about Bernie's proposals. Ppl r talking about Hillary's legal issues 
I hope they're going to wear name tags during the  tonight so I can tell who the Socialist is...
Before the  starts, I wanted you to see my statement from the other night.
It's almost go time! I'll be live tweeting tonight's  Don't miss it! 
Iowa is excited! Every time we find a supporter we ring the liberty bell. The motto here is "we need more cow bell." 
Great welcome from our hardworking Iowa volunteers at the Des Moines HQ today. Thanks for all your hard work! 
Had a great time talking about the 2nd Amendment and shooting today in Iowa! 
Chip in $5 or $10 before the  tonight. Let's show Clinton and Sanders that we are ready to face them. 
I will be live tweeting the  tonight! Please retweet to spread the news! 
Join Senator at the Stoney Creek Hotel in Johnston Monday, January 18th at 7PM. 
 media appearances after boycotting last  got 15 million viewersDebate got 11 million viewers 
If you have donated, consider chipping in just $2 or $5 more. I am counting on your support to win this race. 
If you haven't donated to the campaign yet the time is now. The IA Caucus will be here soon. Will you stand with me? 
 Watch speech at  in Cedar Rapids:  
  decision to skip the undercard debate turned out to be a brilliant move:  
I'm off to Iowa tonight. It's been a busy week. Stay with us for more  on social media!
Finally in the next 48 hours we will release a great new web ad. in particular will want to watch this one.
Second, we saw your AMA request and I accept. I'll be doing a Reddit AMA this week! Stay tuned this week for the exact time.
You won't want to miss what I have to say about and
1st because the democrats won't let me in their debate either, I'll be live tweeting ; commenting on the  across social tomorrow.
Coming up in the next few days I'm going to continue bringing my message directly to the people via social media! 
"Rand Paul's decision to skip the undercard debate turned out to be a brilliant move"- 
 Turns out that boycott media blitz got more attention than the debate he was booted from. 
I'm here in Concord talking to supporters at the Patriots Watch Party then I'm headed to IA! Enjoy the game tonight. 
 Another stop, another standing room only crowd for  in NH.   
  reacts to Iran prisoner release w/ criticism of the Republicans who would tear up nuke deal 
Stopped by Village Pizza in Newport and received a great piece of art.   
Update from the campaign trail in New Hampshire!   
I'm glad I got a chance to stop by the Right to Life March in Concord this morning. Such an important cause! 
 Snow and Ice can't keep NH Primary voters from coming out to see  in Manchester   
Good morning, NH! 1st stop Londonderry. Meet me on the trail:  
I have a challenge for my supporters. Can I get 50 more Twitter donors tonight? Chip in $2, $3 or $10 here: 
We had a great night in Hollis, NH! Join me on the trail in Manchester tomorrow. - 
  told me he is "absolutely" hoping to win the Iowa caucus 
 FYI: We see your AMA request and we're looking into it! 
"When a whole segment of our society thinks they're not being treated fairly, it's a real problem." - RP on criminal justice reform
  speaking to a overflow crowd in Hollis tonight.   
  speaking to a standing room only crowd in Hollis right now!   
 Good turnout for at Lawrence Barn in Hollis NH. Folks mostly want to talk about mistrust of national polls ht…
 on   Hollis Town Hall 
 Great crowd tonight in Hollis, NH!   
I must raise another $70K this evening! Can I get help from folks on Twitter tonight? Please donate even $2 here: 
Eating pizza with some of my hardworking New Hampshire volunteers tonight before my Hollis townhall!  
Join me in Hollis tonight at 6:30pm to talk policy, take pictures, and discuss how we unleash the American dream! - 
 Why skipped the undercard debate  
  says he won last night's debate by skipping it: 
On with I promised him I wouldn't let anyone throw snowballs at him because of the  
  reaches young Republicans  
 Coming up at 2:05 Tune into 
I'll be live from New Hampshire with soon! Tune in: 
Don't miss my interview with tonight! And meet me on the trail in NH:  
I'm headed your way New Hampshire! I hope to see you in Hollis tonight.  
  returns to Iowa Sunday for a two-day trip in the Des Moines metro.  via
 We pointed out the success of  protest last night, and he had this to say: 
Last night the media tried to silence my message. They failed. Help me keep up the momentum and chip in $2 or $3: 
 Another $3M for is an awesome way top off an awesome  night!
 "We want Rand" chant erupts at  | WATCH  
 How spent the night of the debate he boycotted  
 "We want Rand" chant erupts at  | WATCH  
I heard mentioned me in the  tonight. Don't I get 30 seconds to respond? 
  crowd randomly chants for even though he boycotted undercard debate  
  isn't at the  but his supporters are  
 As the  airs, answers questions from voters on Twitter 
 People in audience shout "we want Rand, we want Rand!" on 
 Here come the supporters... 
  chorus chants "we want Rand" at the debate.
 "We want Rand! We want Rand!" chant breaks out in amid  ICYMI: isn't here.
 While a brief chant of "We Want Rand!" interrupts the   
 Brief outburst in crowd, "We want Rand!" interrupts  
Thanks to voters, supporters and the team for a great   Couldn't do it w/out you 
 Thank you so much! Your support makes this happen. If anyone else wants to donate, click here: 
 When the RNC and try to keep you down, but the  is too strong. 
You and I have the momentum and grassroots behind us. Now is the time to show you   
Thank you for joining tonight, everyone. If you haven't donated yet, please consider sending even $2 or $5  
Thanks to everyone who joined me tonight! The fight for liberty continues! 
 Rand Paul: "Turn off the debate, you won't hear anything new." He's right!  
  loving this town hall!! You made the best choice by not participating in the kiddie table!
  
  in follower growth during  who is not debating. 
  
 Thank you, for standing up for all Americans. I'm proud to  in defense of liberty and the Constit…
Wow! Online donations are blowing up right now. Please help us tonight with a donation of even $2 or $3 - Team Rand 
 Looks like is the only GOP candidate trending on Twitter at the moment dips in and out. 
 Is it too late to swap out John Kasich or Jeb for  
  
 is trending on Twitter! Let's keep these questions coming!
  
 Someone on the livestream just asked for a job. Paul promises a "plethora of private sector jobs" created under …
 He may not be on  stage, but still gaining more followers than most prez hopefuls w/  ht…
We are back! Help keep up the momentum! Donate $2 or anything amount: 
 Notable that boycotted  and is 2nd in follower growth per (although to be fair  is twitte…
 In case you were wondering.. is on  now: 
  
 Team Rand seeing this as a better bet than appearing with Huckabee and Santorum at undercard. 
 Ranked follower growth GOP candidates since  start:1.
 Ranked follower growth all cands since  start:1.
  
LIVE on   at HQ in NYC! 
We are taking a quick break! While you're waiting, consider chipping in $5 or $10! Thank you for your support! 
  
  
  
Overwhelmed by the support! If you're watching the Town Hall make sure you donate tonight! Must raise 250K in 24hrs! 
  
  
  
  
If you're watching live right now, chip in $5 and show your support! 
  
Having fun with new challenger App here at their NY HQ and taking questions for the  
  
  
LIVE on Periscope!   
  
We are about to start taking your questions live here! 
 . says should be disqualified from the stage for being "too naive" about our nuclear weapons
LIVE on    at HQ in NYC! 
 I'm at the New York office with where he'll be live tweeting the debate. 
 Bold: During  will have a Town Hall at HQ   
Interviewing with before my  at 
Just got to the headquarters in NYC for my   Send in your questions with  
I'm joining on in a few minutes! Tune in to
The revolution will not be televised... 
Are you excited for the real discussion tonight, at my Town Hall? Chip in $10 or $25 to help me spread the word: 
 More confirmation that made the right decision.  
 So, who won the undercard  Our poll says did -- by skipping it. Vote here: 
Make sure you're following me on for the   
My message before the debate. Join me tonight for my Twitter Town Hall! 
Tonight for the  make sure you're following me, and and using  to send me Town Hall questions!
 Smart move by Rand Paul 
 In the battle of supporters outside - vs 
  to hold online town hall from Twitter offices during debate  | AP Photo 
 is skipping the  in SC. This is what he is doing instead.  
I'll be live at HQ for the  doing a Town Hall and Q;A! Send me your questions using  
I'll be joining in the at 5pm ET. Tune in! 
 Dozens of supporters here chanting "We want Rand!" This after he was left off the main stage.  
  and supporters chant at each other 5 hours before the debate (Paul is boycotting debate) 
  alternative to skipping tonight's undercard GOP debate.  
 Rand Paul holds faux debate with on "The Daily Show"  | AP photo 
 TONIGHT!Ask Rand Paul questions directly by tweeting at and using the hashtag  
Don't let the media win. Show them you  tonight: 
Don't miss my full interview with on the  tonight at 8pm ET! 
  Fox News and the GOP are trying to pre-decide the election:   
I'm on with on now! 
  plan: Ditch the  get more media  via 
The media is blacking out Rand like they did to Ron Paul in 2012. We must fight back. Donate 
 Argument - Skipping debate is the smartest possible political move for given circumstances - 
 Watch celebrate his birthday with supporters on the  trail.  

 Thank you for answering our  question from an an Iowa high school student! 
 The GOP candidate on just moments ago... 
 takes  boycott to  drinks bourbon, talks policy   
 LIVE on   in-studio with  
"I think it's a mistake to exclude differing voices from the - RP on  
 At 10:40 a.m.,  presidential candidate talks  Listen: 103.5 FM or  
 'The Republican Party and FOX News are trying to "pre-decide" the Republican nominee,'  …
 Fox News and the GOP are trying to pre-decide the election  via 
  campaign style: Have a beer, talk policy  via
 . I’m the loudest voice in the GOP  
Senator Paul addresses the issue of big government with  
On with now! 
 Yep, that's being interviewed by    
 At 10:40 a.m.,  presidential candidate talks  Listen: 103.5 FM or  
I'll be on with shortly!  
 In just 1 hour tune in  as joins the show! Do you  
On with talking 2016,  and policy! 
Hello, Reno! I'm on with now. We're hitting radio/media all over the country today!  
  U.S. sailors on TV is an indication "Iran still feels that they can play games with the United States" 
  We need a leader who isn't eager to use nuclear weapons like  
  "We don't consider that we have a second-tier campaign"     
  The media and RNC are keeping the liberty voice off the  stage   
 "I have an important voice" -- argues that he should be on the main stage in tonight's  
  The Republican Party is making a "big mistake" by pushing me out of   
I'm on with Watch:  
  boycotting after being bumped from main  stage. He joins LIVE:  
 Watch in our special GOP Debate: Singles Night from tonight's show. Pt. 1:  Pt. 2: 
 Rand Paul Appears on The Daily Show to Debate and Drink Bourbon  (VIDEO) 
 The next  is tonight, and won't be participating. He'll discuss with at 8:20aET. 
Will you stand with me as I fight for liberty in IA and NH with your most generous contribution of $50, $25 or $10? 
 Tune in tonight, when Trevor hosts America's first one candidate debate with You're welcome.
 'Our supporters are outraged by this.' says Iowa Poll should qualify him for main debate. 
 TONIGHT on and Tune in at 11ep!
  joins to make the case for why he should be on the main stage in tomorrow's debate  
  TONIGHT on and Tune in at 11ep!
I'm on with now! 
Don't miss with tonight at 11pm ET! 
I'm at with He's talking foreign policy tonight and I'm telling jokes. Watch at 11pm ET 

Don't miss my interview with tonight around 8pm et! 
A Des Moines Register poll shows that Rand is in 5th place ; rising in Iowa. Help spread our message by donating $5 
  The polling shows we should be in the debate  
“At this late stage, we just can’t accept any sort of false designation," 
  asks Fox Business to include new poll and let him into Thursday debate. 
 Should this new poll put Rand Paul back on the main debate stage? 
 So: tells me he is asking Fox Business to count the Selzer poll and let him debate on Thursday. DEVELOPING...
I'm on with now! 
A new poll has me in 5th place, polling above 3 candidates on the next  stage.  
 Today @ 11:10 will join us! Listen Live: 
 Had the Register and Bloomberg released their poll Monday, would likely have qualified for the main stage. 
 This poll shows should be eligible for the big  tomorrow. Instead he'll be  at 7:04! 
I'll be joining on shortly to talk 2016 and the  Tune in: 
  - "There is agreement in Washington but it's always about how to spend more of you money."
 poll in Iowa released Wednesday morning has Paul at 5% — alone in fifth place.  
  5th in IA and polling above 3 candidates on the main stage of the   
  on missing debate cut: I have a unique voice... Do they not want that unique voice in the party? 
  There's always been a disconnect between the grassroots and the Establishment
  'Polling shows we should be' in the debate 
  on debate staging: "We will be letting them know today that they should be counting the Des Moines Register po…
I'll be on with on around 9:30am ET! Don't miss it! 
I'll be on with soon! Don't miss it:  
  give their reaction to the  coming up!  
 on now with reaction to  listen at  
ICYMI: Last night I joined with Chris Matthews!
   reaction, in part -- "what we saw was a leader with a record of failure in search of any meaningful,…
My response to the  address.
 Paul not in attendance tonight. Here he is with on   
 We'll find out what thought about the  tomorrow!  
I just yelled, "you lie" really loud. Good thing I'm not there. 
Man this is long even without being there.... 
Translation: I want to destroy the coal industry   
"I think that doubling the debt is something that none of us should be proud of"  
"How do we keep America safe and lead without becoming the world police?" - To keep America safe - STOP policing the world!
  and rip Cruz for missing Audit the Fed vote 
 Obama says that it's "fiction" to say the economy is in decline, but as has said, Fed policy hurts low-income ea…
Still waiting to hear this...fingers crossed.  
I'll be releasing my response to the  shortly after it ends. Stay tuned!
Can I get 82 more donors from Twitter tonight? Send an urgent donation of $2, $5, or anything you can afford! 
 BTW is correct that leaving him out of the debate will remove an important perspective, leaving the neocons to ro…
I'll be live on soon! Tune in:  

Don't let the media win this election. Show you  and donate to the Moneybomb: 
Disappointed my colleague, Ted Cruz, didn't show up for work to vote on  today. 
 Ted Cruz says he is for Auditing the Fed, but when the Senate voted on Rand's bill, Ted was nowhere to be found.
Today the Senate is voting on  Call your senators and urge them to vote in favor!
 Endorses "Paul represents the faction which must win if the Party is going to grow" 
 endorses “The is changing and we need dynamic new leaders like Paul”  
Breaking news: A letter opposing my Audit the Fed bill was just delivered from...Fed Chair Janet Yellen!!  Shocking. Call your Senators now!
Today is the vote on  Call your Senators and chip in $5 to spread my message: 
Can I get 20 more folks from Twitter to donate tonight? Let's show the media they are wrong: 
If you are frustrated or angry with the media tonight, show them we are a top tier campaign by donating $10 here: 
Don't let the media determine the outcome of this race. I am in it to win it. Donate $2 or $5 ; support my campaign: 
 We will not give up or in we will fight twice as hard and take it to the voters of IA and NH.  
 Champion of  Dr. is the winner of our Twitter poll.  
 Here's my interview with about why he's boycotting the "undercard" debate 
  “I won’t participate in anything that’s not first tier because we have a first tier campaign." 
  fires back after being placed in the second-tier debate  
  statement on not qualifying for Thursday 9pm debate. 
 Rand Paul confirms to me that he will skip the “undercard” debate. His message to networks: “You want war? We’ll give it to…
  I will not participate in an undercard debate  
  "I'm the one anti-war voice on the stage"  
  says he absolutely will not participate in next debate if he is not in the first-tier debate 
  "I'll be taking my campaign directly to New Hampshire and Iowa. I'm not going to be in South Carolina" 
 for President Issues Statement on  - 
ICYMI: I joined to talk about Obama, gun laws, and background checks.
I'll be joining tonight at 6:45pm ET to talk 2016. Tune in!
 Tomorrow on will be on at 12:15 to discuss Audit the Fed bill.  
 WATCH: tells he would have an applause-free State of the Union: "Let's get it over with." 
 "We need to invite Congress to NH and spend some time in the legislature to show them how to solve problems."
ICYMI: I spoke to this morning on why we need to  
 
  The Fed is squeezing the middle class.  
 for President Issues Statement on  
On Jan. 12, Congress is scheduled to vote on the  legislation 
  opposes use of eminent domain for pipeline:  
 Watch speech at  in Cedar Rapids:  
  Echoes Mises on Money  
If you want to  as much as I do, chip in $5 here: 
Today on I answered the question, "Why does auditing the Fed matter?"
Looking forward to joining on tonight at 7pm ET! Tune in for a must watch interview. 

ICYMI: I joined to discuss my campaign and my  vote coming up!
 Sen There's a disconnect between Republicans in Washington. Term limits could help.
 On his audit the Fed bill, says it passed in the House with every Republican and 100 Democrats. That's biparti…
 1-on-1 w/ on Newsmakers 11:30am/10:30pm    
 This morning at 10:30ET, Senator will Face the Nation live in studio. Don't miss it!
We need you in New Hampshire! Sign up to drive to NH and volunteer before the primary! 
Calling all liberty activists! I need you to sign up to volunteer in Iowa leading up to caucus! Sign up now! 
 We have a winner! Jason made 1,093 phone calls to beat Shane by 1! He wins the signed  football! 
I will do everything I can to pass  this coming week. Donate here to help spread my message: 


If you want to  as much as I do, chip in $2 or $10 to help my campaign. It's time to Audit the Fed. 
Calling all liberty activists to drive to NH and volunteer for the campaign before the primary. Will you join me? 
I am calling all liberty activists to join me in Iowa before the Caucus! Come join us here: 
Audit the Fed
  said eminent domain is one of the worst powers of the government: 
Hello North Liberty! We have one more campaign stop today: BDay Party in Davenport! Join us:  
It's a packed house here in Marion, standing room only with a line out the door!   
  said the national debt is the most important problem we face. Watch the full  interview at 
 One hour to  → joins from the campaign trail in Iowa TODAY at 5pET on 
 Sen. celebrates his 53rd birthday with wife, supporters in Des Moines, Iowa 
  is answering questions now about national debt, the economy and budget. Watch at  
 We'll ask on Sunday how his campaign is shifting into high gear as voting approaches, so tune in! 
 Watch discuss his  if elected president ;  today at 1 pm EST at 
  1-on-1 w/ for Fiscal Fridays, 1pm on ;    
After my interview w/ they asked me a fun question. If you won the  what would you spend it on? 
 I had a wonderful time on the campaign trail with He's a true leader and the fiscal conservative we need. h…
We have to start demanding that offensive spending like Planned Parenthood and wasteful spending stops.  
Just kicked off Day 2 on our latest Iowa tour! Join us on the next stop:   
  announced he has 1000 precinct captains in IA ;, 500 members of our leadership team in NH. Campaigns matter. …
 has reached 500 endorsements from NH public officials business leaders and activists   
"1000 precinct chairs shows that we are a 1st tier campaign that’s in it..."   
  announces more than 1,000 precinct captains committed to caucus in Iowa Feb. 1.  via
This morning I discussed our announcement of over 1000 IA precinct chairs on   
We announced over 1,000 precinct captains in IA! The media ; "polls" of 400 won't determine the outcome of this race 
  says she wants automatic weapons banned — watch when tells her they already are: 
 Happy  Watch answer questions about his budget ; economic priorities today at 1 PM EST 
"I've been one of the loudest if not the loudest voice saying enough is enough. We cannot spend ourselves into oblivion." - RP on
Great to be on with again this morning!   
Stopped in Waveland Cafe this morning and saw a familiar name on the wall.   
  announces he has over 1,000 precinct leaders in first in the nation Iowa 
I received an amazing birthday present from and our hardworking Iowa volunteers: 1,007 PRECINCT CAPTAINS! 
Only 7K left to raise for Rand's birthday! Can we get 82 more donors from Twitter? Donate $2, $5 or even $10 here: 
Des Moines, Iowa greets with a great Happy Birthday serenade!   
 Someone brought a cake to his stop in Boone today. It's his 53rd birthday. 
 Sneak peak at birthday cake. 
Can we get 114 more donors from Twitter for Rand's birthday tonight? Wish Rand a happy birthday here! 
 wins gun debate on The View, jokes with on Late Show 
Speaking to voters in Boone then we're off to Des Moines! Hope to see you there:  
  taking his message of freedom, peace and prosperity to Carroll, Iowa today  
If you  send a birthday donation today! 
  says she wants automatic weapons banned — watch when tells her they already are 
 Watch discuss  ; the budget tomorrow at 1 pm ET on  
 wins gun debate on The View, jokes with on Late Show 
Can we get 189 more people to donate on Rand's birthday? Donate here: 
 Audience member in Sioux City asks what departments he'd abolish. "The shorter list is which ones I want to ke…
"Sometimes there are variations of evil on both sides. That's the problem in the Middle East." - RP in Sioux City  
Talking about Clinton, Rubio, and war in Sioux City, IA   
  campaign strategist says he'll get the best bday gift tonight at Buzzard Billy's. "The presidency?!" the cr…
 and taking photos with supporters in Sioux City before the Meet ; Greet!  
  and I were in NYC yesterday for He did amazing. Watch here:  
  Lets Whoopi Know That Automatic Weapons Are Illegal after She Claims They're Plaguing America 
 Celebrate birthday with a look back at his top campaign moments 
Can you help Rand raise 53K for his 53rd birthday today? Send him a birthday donation here! 
  wife is campaigning with the senator today and tomorrow. 
  kicks off his birthday with a townhall meeting in Council Bluffs  
  introducing her husband to Iowa caucusgoers this morning n Council Bluffs  
Wish Rand a Happy Birthday and help us reach our $53,000 goal for his 53rd birthday! 
Starting off Senator Paul's 🎉BDay🎉 in Council Bluffs! Meet Rand and today:  
 Excited to be on the trail in Iowa with my husband! Join us:    
Former head of AIG gives $10 million into Bush super Pac. Bush super Pac is using his brother's bailout money to bail out his campaign.
Five better ways to spend your time than watching Trump's new ad.
 Happy birthday,
 First on CNN: A new video knocks over "schlonged"  
Wish Senator Paul a 🎉Happy Birthday🎉 and help us reach our $53K goal for his 53rd birthday:  
 "If he wants these new gun laws, he needs to come to Congress" says of Pres. Obama  
Almost show time! Tune in at 11:35pm ET to as I join Stephen Colbert! 
 Tune in at 11:30pm EST to see on with 
 When it comes to being president, does size matter? Senator says . . .  
Proud to be on the ballot today in Illinois and honored by everyone's hard work there. On to victory! 
Tune in to tonight at 11:35pm ET as I join 
Watch me on tonight at 1135pm!
  "The polls are widely inaccurate right now." 
Join to celebrate his birthday at River Music Experience in IA at 8pm on Friday. We hope to see you there! 
 NEXT: Republican presidential candidate and his wife sit down with the co-hosts. 
 Tune in to today as joins to talk North Korea, Guns, and the Iowa Caucus! 
 The Iowa Caucuses are less than 30 days away.. joins at 4PM to talk about the road ahead. 
Looking forward to joining on at 1pm ET. Tune in!
 Ahead of his appearance, Rand Paul goofs on Marco Rubio's boots: 
 Paul teases : "Rubio has those cute new boots and I don't want to be outdone" 
 "I think size matters. I think the size of your brain matters." - Senator  
 Great seeing  and on MJ  
I was in Whoopi Goldberg's dressing room picking out new show shoes.  Eat your heart out 
Look who I ran into in New York! 
 "There are no easy solutions" -- and others, talk  nuke test:  
 TODAY: Republican presidential candidate and his wife join co-hosts LIVE. 
  talks to and about campaign life. The full interview: 
 TODAY: Republican presidential candidate and his wife join co-hosts LIVE. 
I'll be joining the ladies of the view shortly on abc! Tune in 
  on on bulk data intel: He's on the wrong side of history 
Enjoyed joining on Fox News Radio! 
Tune in to I'll be joining them in a few moments on 
Coming up soon at 830est on
I am about to be on with my wife Kelley. Tune in at 730!
 I'm on the campaign trail with Meet us on the road to victory:   
Thanks to everyone who came out to our Exeter, NH Town Hall tonight!  

Live from Exeter, NH! Watch on   
 is LIVE now from Exeter, NH - town hall meeting as part of ROAD TO THE WH Coverage.  Tune in !
  takes photos w/ supporters before Town Hall Meeting in Exeter, NH – LIVE C-SPAN2  
The crowd in Exeter greeting Senator Paul as he enters. Watch live on CSPAN:   
Don't miss our Exeter Town Hall! Watch live on my Facebook page or CSPAN:   
Don't miss my upcoming Town Hall in Exeter!   
 Who's coming to Birthday Bash? Join  and sign up at  today!  
Great event in Concord this afternoon!  
 It's great to be here in NH with my husband, because we share a vision for the future.  
 Join in Exeter, NH to hear his plans to take our country back in 2016!  
  says 'too much compromise' in DC. 'Left gets what they want, right gets what they want'    via
I appeal to the left bc I support civil liberties. I appeal to the right bc I support economic liberty. Let's support liberty for all.
  hits for backing Syria no-fly zone: 'Crazy idea could lead to nuke war'    via
War should be the last resort not the first. - RP at the NH Primary College Convention
 talks judicial reform and privacy rights well-received by student voters   
If you give up your liberty for a false sense of security the terrorists win. - RP at NH Primary College Convention 
  starts off a convention by hitting for not supporting pot decrim  
What a great reception at the New Hampshire Primary Student Convention!  
 Students For Rand a sampling of the energy waiting for  to speak at NH Primary Student Convention 
 Watch discuss  ; the budget this Friday at 1 pm ET on   
Good morning New Hampshire! It's beautiful up here in Meredith. Enjoying talking to voters here in the  state 
  in today's Fighting terror without sacrificing liberty.Read it here:  
Get your official campaign gear today!
 Watch discuss  ; the budget this Friday at 1 pm ET on   
Show your support this winter while keeping warm in the  fleece!
Great event in NH tonight. Thanks to everyone who came out! Don't miss the next one:  
Our founding fathers said congress would write the laws. I'll fight Obama's executive orders tooth and nail! - RP 
 Great crowd in Laconia, NH tonight! 
I don't believe you can be strong on national defense if you don't believe in securing the border. 

 is in charge of tunes on our way to Laconia, NH! Listen to here:  
 Senator believes Americans “have a right to know exactly how Washington is spending their money.” 
 Join in Exeter, NH to hear his plans to take our country back in 2016!  
 "What ISIS really would have supported was Rubio's Gang of Eight bill," Paul says
 "I have legislation that would stop him," Paul says on impending Obama executive order
 Sioux City Journal Rand Paul to campaign in Sioux City Sioux City Journal Republican presidential… 
 Coming up at 12:05 on 
 Who's ready for The Iowa 10,000?! WATCH THIS SUPPOER VIDEO AND ! 
 Bacon,eggs and questions about the NSA. Welcome to Dover NH   
Today I sat down w/ to talk 2016, national security, immigration, and why I'm a different kind of candidate 
Great to be back in NH. Starting the day in Dover, talking to voters about their concerns   
 Tomorrow we will kick off the first show of the new year with Join us at noon on 
 Have you seen the official  video? Check it out here and get ready for "The Iowa 10,000" video relase tomorrow!

'Their acts can no longer go unchecked, which is why I am proud to carry forth my father’s original ‘Audit the Fed’  
This week, I am spending my time in NH ; IA, meeting voters ; spreading my message. Check the list of events here: 
Here's why we should audit the Federal Reserve: 
 Liberty is BOOMING at the HQ in Iowa! The "Rand Bell" rings every time we identify a supporter!  
 Join in Exeter, NH to hear his plans to take our country back in 2016!  
 Join in Exeter, NH to hear his plans to take our country back in 2016!  
 In 2015, was proud to intro bipartisan  w ; to decriminalize  in states…
 The first round of invitations for Caucus Takeover went out tonight!Join in Iowa: 
To defeat ISIS we have to stop arming them and those who share their extremist views. 
Will you stand with me in 2016 and volunteer for the campaign? Your support is how we will win.
 Paul tweets New Year's resolutions: I will "speak in vague but bombastic generalities more"  
 Join in Exeter, NH to hear his plans to take our country back in 2016!  
  Takes Humorous Jabs At Rivals, Himself With 2016 Resolutions  via
Tap the video to read the quotations!  
  Stop eminent domain abuse signs going up all over the state today in Iowa!  
  in crosshairs as he lists his New Year's resolutions on Twitter 
 From Festivus to New Year's, wins every holiday on Twitter 
 Join Senator for his birthday party at Buzzard Billy's in Des Moines. We hope to see you there! - 
  hosting his birthday party in Des Moines on Thursday. 
  "This year my resolution is to preserve our liberties ; restore prosperity across America." 
 This is pretty doggone funny.  
 Looks like Rand has a new tradition to go with Festivus 
 Happy 2016! Read   
Finally, I resolve to always support the ENTIRE Bill of Rights. Happy New Year. Let's make 2016 better than the last. 
I resolve to again push for Term Limits ; Read the Bills. Fight isn't over ; career politicians should take notice 
I resolve to do everything in my power to  and restore transparency/fiscal sanity
Congress should resolve to dissolve, go part time and go home more to live under the utterly ridiculous laws they pass. 
My wife tells me I need to resolve to be nice to the media in 2016. I don't think so Kelley!  *hides*
I hope is resolving to pay absolutely no attention to the old guard and the talking heads in Frankfort. 
Hopefully will resolve to issue that exec order declaring Canadian "bacon" is not real bacon.  
I resolve to spend less time voting in the Senate so ; don't look bad bc they don't show up for work. JK. Do your jobs.
I resolve to give more lead time before I announce my policy positions, so he can replicate them faster 
I resolve to speak in vague but bombastic generalities more  
I resolve to not let the mean things people say about my hair bother me.   
I resolve to fight tooth ; nail for your gun rights ; fight Exec Gun Control orders  
This year my resolution is to preserve our liberties and restore prosperity across America. 
Happy New Year everyone! I'll be tweeting my  today. Stay tuned!
Close to our goal! Time is running out, send the most generous gift you can. Counting on your support. 
 Running out of time. Send a donation of even just $2 to help fund SFR campaign efforts.  
Only $42,000 left!! Can you send an urgent contribution? I need 141 more donors from Twitter tonight. 
I need 183 more donors from Twitter tonight, can you help?  this message to spread the word. Chip in $10 here: 
I need 243 donors from Twitter tonight to raise the last $60,000 before the midnight deadline. Can you help? 
Top 5 moments of 2015. Donate $20.16 to bring in the New Year! 
Great article from  
We are less than 100K from our goal! Keep up the momentum. Can you send just $5 right now? Every dollar counts. 
Tune in tonight to as I join ; with a message of cheer! Happy New Year to all! 

Its the last day of the Moneybomb. I am asking for your help. It would mean so much to me if you could donate $10: 
 Rand Paul tells Christie, Rubio: Show up to work or resign  
This is my last day to raise the 500K before the midnight. Can you send a donation of any amount this morning? 
Hypocritical for to express his outrage for when HE is the one spied on. I fight for rights of ALL innocent Americans.
I am appalled the NSA spies on every American without a warrant, not just Congress.   
 Have you donated to fund the SFR campaign efforts yet? Donate $5 or $10 by clicking below!  
 can lob accusations of who works less all they want. Fact is both are right and both should show up or resign
 signed law requiring NJ public employees to be residents ; spend majority of time there.  He should follow it or resign.
 has spent 219 days outside NJ yet runs on being governor.  He may not even be a resident never mind Gov.
They should both try showing up for work. Show up or resign/give back your pay  
 Join in Exeter, NH to hear his plans to take our country back in 2016!  
 Join us at our Manchester HQ for our 1st Super Saturday of the year and  in the new year! 
 ICYMI: talks about record on disabilities   
Join me in Laconia, NH to talk policy, take pics, and discuss how we unleash the American dream! 
 Will you help SFR with student GOTV efforts? Chip in today to help us reach our goal!  
Just $1,048 left to raise this evening!! Can you send a quick $2, $5, $10, or even $100 donation? 
 I talk a lot about Hard not to -- he's the best candidate. Today I put my $ where my mouth is ; donated!

Thank you to everyone stepping up to donate! I have just $3,824 left to raise on Twitter tonight! Can you help? 
I am trying to raise $8,000 on Twitter tonight. If you haven't donated yet, will you send a quick $5 donation? 
The top four Hillary Clinton blunders of 2015. I had to stop myself at four...
 Had a great turnout today for town hall in Paducah, KY. Lots of Qs from audience. 
I'm honored to still be able to do pro-bono surgery. Today I'm doing surgeries in Paducah KY w/ Dr. Barbara Bowers. 

Have you signed up to volunteer on the campaign yet? Sign up today! 
 Tap the video to read the quotations!  (Vine by 

Thanks to everyone who donated towards tonight's goal. We made it! Still want to send a late night gift? Click here: 

I am 8 donors short of my goal tonight! Donate anything you can by clicking here: 
ICYMI: Where does Ted Cruz stand?
I need just 32 more donors from Twitter this evening! Can you send just $2, $5 or $10? 
New CBS poll: I am beating Bush, Fiorina, and Christie! Help keep up the momentum!  
ICYMI on I'm for doing more to fight terrorism but not w/ American troops on the ground. 
As a personal favor to me, will you to donate $5 or $10 to the campaign? I must get 60 donors from Twitter tonight. 

 Join us for the  New Year's Push! Tell you are in and RSVP at  today! 
ICYMI: Where in the world is Marco Rubio?
 Watch speech at  in Cedar Rapids: 
Tell your senator to support  We need transparency ; fiscal sanity. Read more:  

Please listen to this short message from my father, Ron Paul. Follow the link to donate: 
Thank you for your support tonight!! We are well on our way to raising 500K in 5 days! You can still donate here: 
I need just THREE more donors from Twitter tonight. Donate $2, $5, $10 or whatever you can by clicking here! 
I am overwhelmed by the support I am receiving! Can I get 12 more donors on Twitter tonight? Donate anything here! 
 Paul Family Christmas 2015... Good food, cousins by the dozens and Star Wars in 3D! 
I must raise $500K in 5 days. Can I get 20 more donors on Twitter tonight? Donate $5 or whatever you can afford here 

Will you help with my end of the year Moneybomb? I am running out of time. You can donate $20.16 or any amount here! 
 Hold your loved ones close this Christmas night and relive  tweets  
 Senator believes Americans “have a right to know exactly how Washington is spending their money.” 
 It's happening! Join us now for  Family Day! Submit your family pledges here:  

  and Happy Holidays from We hope you're having a happy holiday w/ friends and loved ones. 
 ICYMI: airs political grievances in a tribute to the "Seinfeld" ritual   
Kelley and I want to wish you all a very  
 
I hope you enjoy these songs.  Share your favorites with me here, and  to everyone  
The story of our savior's birth done beautifully by Celtic Woman. Away In A Manger    
Bob Seger take on The Little Drummer Boy    
Grievances are 4  not  - The Ramones - Merry Christmas I Don't Want To Fight   
Pray for Peace today Happy Xmas (War Is Over)    
From SNL last weekend  Springsteen: Santa Claus Is Comin' To Town w/Paul McCartney    
Great cover of a classic: Bruce Springsteen  Christmas Baby    
Kids, you're supposed 2 go 2 bed EARLY on  John Mellencamp: I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa   
Sometimes you have to go with the classic: Nat King Cole - The Christmas Song     
A great take from ; on Have Yourself...   
A great version of Silent Night by Shelby Lynne    
Let's start with the Queen of Gospel and O Holy Night    
So follow along, play some music and enjoy the day.  I'll put them all on a   playlist at the end.  Here we go
Merry  everyone!  Instead of politics or grievances, I'm going to spread some Christmas cheer with  music!
  touts a victory in his fight against Planned Parenthood  via 
  should resign or give back his pay 
 Of the senators running for president, has the best attendance in  voting 94% of the time 
  on “He ought to just resign or probably give his pay back b/c he’s not really earning his pay at this …
  on terrorism: “It bugs me to death that legal immigration is how they’re attacking us.”  
"I think if you are being paid by the tax payers you should show up and vote." - RP on
  “The visa-waiver nations are a danger…it’s not that I want to stop travel. I just think people should go through g…
  “If we’re going to defend our country, it starts with our borders.”  
"It's not that I want to stop travel. I just think we need better security for the country. We have to have scrutiny." - RP on
I do think if we're going to defend our country it starts with our borders. - RP on
  and help us elect the only real fiscal conservative in this race! 
  Festivus Grievances [Updated With The Complete List Of Tweets] 
Tap the video to read some of my most popular  tweets!  
I recognize that the greatest threat to our nation is a debt crisis, caused by cowardly and unwilling politicians. 
  candidate Sen. airs 'Festivus' grievances for 2015  
Christ extolled the virtue of working for peace in the Beatitudes as he declared, “Blessed are the peace makers." 
I am! Thank you,  
 In celebration of 'Festivus,' airs his grievances on Twitter 
 ... is a strict observer of   
 Feeling super content after reading  😌 
Happy  Here's Round  of my  Read them here:  
 It's no contest: wins  Great grievances galore.
  airs his political grievances in a tribute to the 'Seinfeld' ritual   
 Dr is preserving an important part of our heritage.   
 Festivus: ’s ‘airing of grievances’ includes funny shots at 2016 rivals 
Looking forward to joining tonight on at 10pm ET. Make sure to tune in!
Happy  Here's Round  of my  Read them here:  
Since y'all are here for the  humor how about helping 🎉 celebrate 🎉 by donating to our campaign today too!
  is apparently in the  spirit with a long list of grievances. Feats of strength to follow? 
 Whether you support or not, you should read his  grievances. Good insight on government spending.
 wins the internet for today. 
 Refreshing to hear a republican talk about programs that are actually wasteful. Even programs that benefit congressppl. Thank…
  airs his grievances on  takes shots at other  candidates 
 Yaaaas yaaassss 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 I can't decide which  tweet I liked the most
  For 'Festivus,' Paul airs grievances against GOP, Democratic rivals 
 Last burn goes to easily offended Americans 😂 great job your tweets were lit! Continue to slay! 🔥🙌  
 Turns out is very funny: Rand Paul Airs Festivus Grievances With Other 2016 Candidates  …
 A  Miracle from  
 is doing Festivus right!   
 Yaaas!!! 😂 
 This is actually hilarious. Well played,  
  skewers Donald Trump for his ties and  in Festivus ran  
   against Ben Carson is a serious burn   
 Please read this and be aware of what is happening in our country. 
  timeline is hilarious and worth a read.  
  is in the holiday spirit, the faux holiday spirit. Paul's  celebration w/ 
 I recommend you read Twitter stream full of humorous grievances. Happy   
 These tweets are quite something. He should be the frontrunner on these alone  
Seriously,  ;  My family ; I will be celebrating Christmas and we hope you ; your family enjoy the season.
If you didn't and you found my  tweets to be a microaggression, maybe twitter isn't your safe space 
I hope y'all had fun with my   today. We should be able to laugh in this arena and deal with serious issues.
; to my friends at the TSA   (that should be Keep Your Hands to Yourself song) 
Can't forget today. He gets 2 play WAY more golf than me ; he doesn't have 2 go through TSA lines  
Speaking of which, the first ever vote on my  Bill is January 12th!  We need everyone's help to pass this! 
My other favorite agency, the Federal Reserve: Stop trying to hide. Your audit is coming!   
Speaking of the NSA, I have too many grievances to list here.  But that's ok, they've heard them all already anyway  
Apparently when I fought to stop the NSA spying on every American, I accidentally banned Elf on the Shelf. Sorry about that kids. 
I have to take a moment to apologize to parents and children for something.    
I promise not use any Yiddish while airing grievances at  
 today names the 5th worst person in the world. She should try harder next year. Aim for the top! 
I AM BACK with more grievances.   
  Celebrates  2015: Round 1   
  airs his political grievances in a tribute to the "Seinfeld" ritual "Festivus"  (correct…
  is dominating the  hashtag with his grievances 
Appreciate it!    
  is airing his grievances today! (Both about his fellow candidates and government waste.)  
Thanks!    
 This is probably my favorite  grievance so far.   
 Admittedly, very well played...  
 . when a 2,009 page spending bill is dropped into Congress less than 48 hours before vote...  
  spent his morning airing his annual  grievances on Twitter  
 😂 😂 If you're not following  today... you should.  
  airs his political grievances in a tribute to the "Seinfeld" ritual "Festivus"  
Joining Hannity to talk Syria border sec. ; investigation. Don't miss it @ 10pm. Also, more  grievances to come!
  airs grievances against GOP rivals for    
  airs grievances against GOP rivals for annual 'Festivus' celebration  
 Rand Paul weighs in  
 It's  for the rest of us and especially for  
 Tweeting a picture of pictures of Rand Paul tweets that he posted on Facebook   
 Happy  doing his  — catch up here: 
 Republican presidential candidate Rand Paul is celebrating Festivus with the annual airing of grievances. 
  and his  tweets today are everything... 
 So this is happening.  
   to my absentee friend didn't put your $170k salary in my waste report today. But co…
 the shade, honey 
 Presidential candidate joins the  tradition and shares his grievances 
I have lots more to air later on. Until then I want to hear YOUR  grievances against Washington. Air them here! 
Read the entire  Wasterbook here:  It's a  collection of gov. waste worth shouting about!
Grievance: Failed to prevent substantial Medicare overpayments for sleep studies (HHS)Cost: $175,000,000 
Grievance: Researched the effectiveness of golf equipment in space (NASA)Cost: $15,000,000 
Grievance: Studied emotions and how people feel about the decisions they make for themselvesCost: $175,950 
Grievance: Failed to stop federally-paid medical care from being used in exotic vacation locales (USCG)Cost: $1,200,000
Grievance: Simultaneously promoted tourism to the U.S. and tourism to Albania to the same audienceCost: $6,000,000
Grievance: Paid for children from Pakistan to travel to the U.S. to attend Space Camp and visit DollywoodCost: $250,000
Grievance: Paid for yoga classes for bureaucrats across the federal governmentCost: $150,000 
Grievance: Paid for a study to figure out why Americans don’t want to use the metric systemCost: $188,000 
Grievance: Established a made-for-TV professional cricket league in Afghanistan, where few homes have TVs Cost: $850,000
Grievance: Permitted millionaires to live in federally-subsidized public housing (HUD)Cost: $104,000,000 
Here are some of my favorite  government waste grievances. 
Everyone wants to know where to start cutting. So I did a Wastebook ; released it just in time for  
 Happy Festivus,  
What passes for serious in DC: budgets that take decades to "balance" in year 34 or so. It's y we need Balanced Budget Amend. ; Term Limits
I've proposed multiple balanced budgets - most of my colleagues have voted no and aren't serious about shrinking government  
I'M BACK WITH MORE GRIEVANCES. This time I'm taking on waste and other ridiculousness in Washington.  
While you wait for more grievances this  considering standing with me and helping our campaign right now 
While you wait for more grievances, note this is an annual tradition for me. Check out previous year's grievances too!
Be back soon to take on Washington, waste, and any other topic that deserves grievances! Air yours too! 
 is always trying to change the debate rules to allow extra time for awkward pauses in answers. Not gonna happen. 
 has ZERO trouble making it back from commercial breaks Just saying.  
to my comrade Unless you're Santa Claus, Socialism runs out of other people's money 
I hereby retract grievance I was going to air about today. Respect for the recently departed  
to my absentee friend I didn't put your $170k+ salary in my waste report today. But I could have 
I think I speak for all in NJ when I say I don't care how much $ u spend at Met Life, Cowboys fans should stay out. 
I have no grievances against my fellow doc because I have not heard a word he has said in any debate.  
My friend has still not pledged to issue exec order declaring Canadian "bacon" is not real bacon.  Makes me suspicious.  
After the debates, always trying to give us parting gifts of his made in China ties.  Weird.  
Where to start but If u bring the Yiddish, know what it means. Guess that's more of a kvetch than a grievance 
But first, my fellow Presidential candidates get the  treatment!
I have a lot of problems with Washington. With the government in general and Congress in particular. Those will come soon 
"I've got a lot of problems with you people and now you're gonna hear about them!" 
Good morning and HAPPY   I will be airing my grievances soon.
  touts a victory in his fight against Planned Parenthood  via 
  Nobody read the 1.1 trillion dollar omnibus spending bill!  
 Blessed are the Peacemakers - for Breitbart 
Christmas is upon us. My family and I reflect on Christ’s teachings and their impact on our lives and our world. 
  announces federal probe of fetal tissue research after Planned Parenthood scandal  
Thank you Reps. Paul Dame ; Tom Burditt ; all the volunteers for your hard working placing me on the ballot in VT! 

  touts a victory in his fight against Planned Parenthood  via 
 Senator just moved one step closer to auditing the Fed. 
 Senator believes Americans “have a right to know exactly how Washington is spending their money.” 
"What we need right now in this country, is someone that is brave and fearless." -Texas State Sen. Don Huffines.
Have you purchased your Rand Paul gear yet? Check out the store! 
 ALOHA! Due to popular demand... We have extended the  phonebank until 2am EST (9PM in Hawaii) 
  on ISIS: "I think ultimately the defeat has to come from Sunni Muslims, b/c they're not going to accept Americans t…
  "I actually am very alarmed at someone like who seems eager to have a war with Russia." 
  "I think toppling Assad would lead to ISIS controlling all of Syria ; much of the region."  
My thoughts and prayers are with the soldiers in Afghanistan who died in today's Taliban bombing.
Looking forward to joining tonight on the Kelly File on at 9:15pm ET. Tune in for the latest on the 2016 race!
Last week I filed my papers to run in the Texas GOP primary! Check out some of the work my team in Texas is doing.
 TONIGHT will be the biggest phonebank liberty has ever seen!Need an account?   
 Senator pushes new bill to thwart action on gun control -    (via
 “I won’t sit idly by and watch our criminal justice system continue to consume, confine and define our young men.”-
Happy 1st Day of Winter everyone! We need a true fiscal conservative in 2016.  
Announcing our ad contest winner, Taylor Crowe! Watch his ad submission below. Thank you everyone who participated!

  "The difference between and I is, I show up for work." 
  is launching a new video attacking "I think, on several things, he wants to have it both ways." 
  Donald Trump had "no clue" what the nuclear triad is and now "they're ready to use it."  
 Here is my full intv w/ We talked Trump, Cruz, Rubio ; Hillary saying we are where we need to be on ISIS. 
  on "He wants to have it both ways"  via 
 Rand Paul Debuts New Ad Calling Ted Cruz a Flip-Flopper: This morning on CNN's State of the Union, Rand Paul d... 
  on "I think he should just admit that he changed his mind"   
Where does Ted Cruz stand?
  "I think we have sort of American Idol type of polls"   
  Trump is "nothing more than bits of populism" with no conservative philosophy 
  on "I think he'll get wiped out in a general election"   
 Don't miss on  9amET with Watch on  
 Today on  
 Rand Paul: Nobody read the $1.1 trillion spending bill  
By not watching the  I missed talking about Liberty. Reminds me of fav movie 
Buy your  gear today! 
 When watching the Democrat Debate tonight remember that we here at Students for Rand prefer  
 Sen. says he can line up a vote in the US Senate to possibly initiate an audit on the US Federal Reserve 
We're almost at our deadline!  and help us push it over the top. Donate here: 
Only a short time left until our deadline! We're only $6K from our goal! Help us push it over the top  
From Rand has been fighting all day 4 us!Now let's fight for him ; raise $200K by the end of the night: 
We're only $12K away from the $200K goal! Can you help get us there by midnight by donating right now? 
From Rand has been fighting all day 4 us!Now let's fight for him ; raise $200K by the end of the night: 
 I wanted to say did an amazing job during the  this week. I'm proud he represents our state. 
This is a huge victory. But it’s still an uphill battle. Let’s gear up ; really fight to make this important change.


 Senate will return after recess to a vote on  bill.    January 12.
 Senate sets up vote in January on bill to finally  
Where in the world is Marco Rubio?
Please  and ask why he refuses to show up to oppose reckless spending in Washington.  
 Are you ready to join in Iowa? Apply to attend the Caucus Takeover today!   
  says should "resign or quit accepting his pay if he's not going to come to work" 
 Republican Presidential Candidate will join exclusively this Sunday on  
 Rand Paul: Stop Paul Ryan's Omnibus Spending Bill  via
Washington cannot continue to promise everything to everyone without a plan to pay for it.  
This bill is going to have a starring role when I air my grievances next week.
Make your voice heard.  Call Congress right now to oppose the big spending, big spying mess of a funding bill. I will vote NO today.
  explains why Rand Paul’s Foreign Policy Wouldn’t Leave Us Vulnerable 

Sign up to volunteer for the Rebel Alliance! 
After winning the debate, I urgently need your support to spread the message of liberty.  
 Show your support for and join  at  today!  
I'm on w/ at 3PM pt discussing the  and foreign policy! Tune in:  
 is the only Republican candidate with any foreign policy sense. NYTimes: Republican Insecurity 
 Hmm... picks up positive debate reviews from unlikely bedfellows
  may be the only Republican candidate who understands the US can’t be a lone ranger, writes 
  - 25 more  grassroots endorsements for = 425 total;    via
 w/ 2809 votes 46% say won  14% 14% 8% ; 7%  

Will you join the Rebel Alliance? Donate $20.16 to help me keep up the momentum of my post-debate victory! 
 Who won   won. It's that simple. The column:  
Get your Rand Paul Christmas mug now! 
Great piece by "Rand Paul wins again!" 
I must get 40 more online donors tonight for the post-debate moneybomb. Donate below and  this message. 
 The headlines may be about RubiCruz, but he night belonged to  Debate highlights and… 
 speaking at the Washoe GOP offices   
I'll be on with at 6:30PM pt to discuss the  
Liberty lovers are ready to  here in Reno! 

After winning the debate, I urgently need your support to spread the message of liberty. Donate here: 
  - It's an epidemic.  
Rand Paul won last night’s debate! He urgently needs your help to spread his message of liberty. Donate now! 
  on  "He's the only one who makes any sense about foreign policy."Do you agree with 
 Polls still open - who do you think won the  - vote now at  - ; curr…
 …the engine of capitalism, the individual, is mightier than any collective. – Rand Paul
Order your Christmas gifts now for family and friends!
  gets applause in Las Vegas speech when he says US should give proposed nuclear waste site Yucca Mountain back to …
 Question: Why should supporters consider backing you "I'm not crazy"
  plan to close the Internet is against the Constitution  
 . Rubio, Clinton both neoconservatives  
  plan to close the Internet "goes against the Constitution."  
There's a productive sector, I'm looking at it, and an unproductive sector. I see that one in the halls of congress. 
It's great to be with The Economic Club of Las Vegas this morning! 

  had his best performance of campaign.Clearly communicated his approach, why it's so different from others 
I won the GOP's "People's Choice" poll for positive reactions during the debate last night! Retweet the news! 
  on his  performance and from spin room 
 Who won  Vote now. Flash returns on  29% - 21% - 1…
  “Had we toppled Assad two years ago…ISIS would be in charge of all of Syria now.”
  on  “It stretches credulity to think  knew nothing about the bridge.”
  on Why He Brought Up "Bridgegate" to Christie at  
  “To close the Internet would violate the Constitution ; would specifically violate the First Amendment” 
  “I just don’t really think killing the kids of terrorists or killing their wives...is something that Americans wou…
 A very happy couple after the debate!   
 Props 2 4 his  performance. His best yet. He had many of 2night's best moments, strongest content, …
 . and make it a post-debate date night, as she leads him to cute photo op 
  1st 64%2nd 61%3rd 60% 
 Tune in now to for live interview with


 Rand Paul had his best debate yet. He proved he deserves to be on this stage. 
 Rand Paul’s closing: No greater threat than our debt, only fiscal conservative on the stage. 
  “The greatest threat to our national security is our debt … we are not projecting power from bankruptcy court” 
My closing statement from tonight's debate. Please watch and RETWEET 
 Vote for 
  closing "We are not projecting power from bankruptcy court"
 RETWEET if you think is winning the   
  "The greatest threat to our national security is our debt." 
  The greatest threat to our national security is our debt. It's both party’s fault 
  makes a lot of sense on national debt and its dangers
  said at  that the national debt is the greatest threat to our security. 
  If we ban certain religions, if we censor the Internet, at that point the terrorists will have won. 
We are not a stronger nation if we go further into debt. I'm the only conservative on this stage because I'm willing to hold the line.
 Rand Paul: "I think we defeat terrorism by showing them that we do not fear them."  - 
 Rand Paul again KILLED on legal immigration.  He is 100 percent CORRECT.
 Do you agree with  
  To put everyone on government housing ; food stamps ; bring them in from around the world...is a mistake 
 YES.. is absolutely RIGHT abt the GANG OF 8 bill.  HITS RUBIO OUT OF THE PARK. Listen to the Establ boo!
  right—Sometimes we have to be pragmatic about dealing with bad allies   htt…
 Great point by about refugee progam luring newcomers into government dependency  
 Rand: Some Of Rubio ; Trump's Policies Against 'What America Stands For,' Like North Korea and China 
 Vote for     
  on  
 "Charity's about giving your own money. Charity isn't giving someone else's money." 

 I think definition of charity was excellent
 Best debate night has had thus far.
  "Charity's about giving your own money. Charity isn't giving someone else's money." 
 RETWEET if you think is winning the   

Judgement matters. 
 At  says "We have to have a more realistic foreign policy" 

 "Out of regime change you get chaos. Out of chaos you get the rise of radical Islam." – Rand Paul 
 Bush is getting under Trump's skin, and Paul is having his best night of the race 
  says "if you're in favor of WWIII, you' have got your candidate" in  
  on "If you're in favor of WWIII, you have your candidate." 
  pointing to "If you're in favor of World War III, you have your candidate." 
 That would be like shutting down a bridge says  
  on micro-targeting: "I think if you're in favor of WWIII, you have your candidate."
 Vote for   
  to Trump: ‘Do you believe in the Constitution?’ [VIDEO]  
 Regime Change: says you'll be back fighting your own weapons
  "Out of regime change, you get chaos"    
 Our group thinks having a good night 
 is the only one talking sense about our foreign policy 
We have to have a more realistic foreign policy, not a utopian one.  
 "Out of regime change, you get chaos," says. "You allow terrorism to arise out of that chaos." 
What we have to decide is whether or not regime change is a good idea. Out of regime change you get chaos and the rise of radical Islam.
Watch and RETWEET my exchange with Donald Trump on internet freedom&gt;&gt;
 BREAKING: We're seeing a HUGE surge for See how he's doing LIVE at   
  right. The main driving force for Islamist terrorism is US foreign policy in the Middle East. 
Show your support for Rand tonight by donating $20.16! 
  "Whoever you are that think you're going to support think: Do you believe in the Constitution?" …
  "Whoever you are that think you're going to support  think: Do you believe in the 
Do you agree with Donald Trump that we should shut down the Internet and surrender our liberties? 
 "Is DonaldTrump a serious candidate?" asks. He says, "Think, do you believe in the constitution?" 
  Is "a serious candidate?"   
  challenges supporters.  
  "Is Donald Trump a serious candidate?”   
  "Is Donald Trump a serious candidate?”   

By arming the allies of ISIS we created a space for ISIS to grow. If you believe in regime change you're mistaken.  
Watch and RETWEET my exchange with the weakest candidate on immigration on stage
 Help by voting for him at  
We are not safer with the NSA collecting metadata on law-abiding citizens.  
  : Christie, Rubio pushing for mass data collection  
 Rand Paul goes for broke in his opening statement, attacking Trump and Rubio's foreign policy.  
 Rand Paul: "to defeat Muslim terrorism, the boots on the ground need to be Muslim boots."Amen.
  "In defending America we cannot lose what America stands for." 
 Rand: "Marco has more of an allegiance to Chuck Schumer and liberals than to conservative policy"  
  is right 
  has more allegiance to and liberals than he does to conservative policies. 
 At  cites  for its background checks. Here's more about it 
  “We are not any safer through the bulk collection of all Americans’ records. In fact, I think we’re less safe.”…
  says is "the weakest of all the candidates" on immigration 
  "To defend the country, you have to defend the border." 
  says weakest of all the candidates on immigration 
  "We are not any safer through the bulk collection of all Americans’ records"   
  "We are not any safer through the bulk collection of all Americans’ records"   
  says weakest of all the candidates on immigration 
  "Marco has more of an allegiance to Chuck Schumer and the liberals than he does to conservative policy."  …
  called "the weakest of all the candidates on immigration." Rand says that's the key to security, not data…
  hits on security: "Marco can't have it both ways"   
  fired back at who defended the NSA's metadata collection program.  
  has more of an allegiance “to the liberals than he does to conservative policy"   
  has more of an allegiance “to the liberals than he does to conservative policy"   
We can fight terrorism and protect the Bill of Rights.   
Watch and RETWEET my opening statement
I will do everything I can to guard America ; the ideals upon which our nation was founded   
  I will do whatever it takes to defend america. But in defending america, we cannot lose what america stands f…
  opening response is driving conversation with over 1,000 tweets in two minutes - 
  opened  with a reminder that it's Bill of Rights Day ; we should remember our rights. 
 “Toppling secular dictators in the Middle East has only led to chaos...” -  
  and are wrong about Internet privacy   
  says "we cannot lose what America stands for."   
  and are wrong about Internet privacy   

  "In defending America, we cannot lose what America stands for."  
The question is how do we keep America safe? I think we defeat terrorism by showing them we're not afraid.  
It was great seeing Sarah Palin tonight before the  
Can we get 8 more online donors before the debate? Donate $20.16 by clicking here: 
  says that he wouldn't force social media firms to hand over private information about users. 
 "I'm all for individualized searches, I'm just not for general, sweeping dragnet" on surveillance 
Can we get 24 more online donors before the debate tonight? Click here to donate: 
Today is  We must elect a president that will defend the entire Bill of Rights 
  on  The important debate is whether regime change makes us safer  
 NEXT: joins on  to talk about his strategy at tonight's  
Don't miss my interview with today around 4PM! 
Great crowd at our  rally. Get ready to  tonight! 
 LIVE NOW: holds pre-debate rally in Las Vegas  
 LIVE NOW: holds pre-debate rally in Las Vegas  
I'm live with soon on at the  
 if you are supporting Rand during the debate tonight! Use  and tweet your favorite moments ; pics! 
Show your support for Rand tonight by donating $20.16 before the debate! 
Remember to tweet your favorite moments and pictures of the debate tonight using  
 Join Senator and the campaign for our  Debate Day Grassroots Rally! 
Help my campaign target this ad to voters in early primary and caucus states! Please chip-in $20.16 right now --; 
Unlike Ted Cruz ; Marco Rubio, I will secure our border ; protect Americans first! Retweet if you 
Donate $20.16 right now to help show my latest ad to voters in key early primary states -; 
Obama/Clinton/Rubio regime change policy in Libya created jihadist wonderland ; some still want to pursue it in Syria. Learn from history.
The Obama admin is fixated on the Syrian civil war as the cause/solution to ISIS-ISIS threat is well beyond Syria. We need overall strategy.
 says key element of strategy is arming Iraqi/Syrian allies. I've repeatedly warned arms end up in the hands of ISIS ; their allies
Unlike Senators Cruz and Rubio, I have always fought to defend our borders and protect our American interests.
 New ad goes after Cruz/Rubio for being soft on refugees 
Join us at  
 
 The youth of America deserve to have their voice heard on the debate stage. is that voice.   …
Breaking Fox News Iowa poll has us in 5th place. Yet another reason to be on main debate stage &gt;&gt; 
Rand Paul for President Issues Debate Statement - 
  says NSA's data collection didn't prevent  or any terrorist attack ; it’s unnecessary. We debate …
  is making calls at the New Hampshire office today!  
I just picked out the Christmas tree for our NH office and completed a new Christmas tradition here in Exeter! 
You get welfare and warfare together and you get a budget busting proposition. - RP on spending 
Good morning New Hampshire! We're off to a great start on day 2 of our latest NH tour. 
  "I'm all for looking at records of terrorists, I've only asked for 1 thing...ask a judge for a warrant." 
  "I don't think we ought to have a religious test but.. not being able to say who the enemy is is e…
  "It scares me to think of an authoritarian getting in charge...who would say 'oh we just need to police the Intern…
Great crowd tonight at our Rindge Town Hall hosted by Franklin Pierce University! 
 Speculation about Sen Paul making the main stage at CNN's debate. Exclusive reaction, tonight with me on the Ore…
  talking to enthusiastic voters at Athens Pizza in Keene, NH   
It's a packed house here in Keene, NH tonight!  
 Watch speech at  in Cedar Rapids:  
Get all of your gifts for the holidays and help support the campaign at the Rand Paul Store! 
Lots of speculation about upcoming debate. I'll be joining tonight on at 8pm to discuss. Tune in!
  15 reasons Obama's unqualified to occupy the White House  
  - tells young student: "way to stop bad people w/guns is for good people to have guns."    via
  in Derry - calls for term limits 6 House; 2 Senate. "We have to turn them out."    via
Don't miss my interview with on this Sunday! 
Sitting down with to answer their 10 candidate questions! 
  in Derry  - "good news is your govt is open, bad news is your govt is open"    
It's great to be back in the Live Free or Die state! Don't miss the events:  
 At 2:35 tomorrow will be on 
  “This would not be the first time that the voters ; the people outside of Washington are smarter than the people i…
  “I don’t think you’re seriously wanting to defend the country if you won't defend the border.”  
I look forward to joining tonight on at 10pm ET. Tune in to find out what must be done to keep our nation safe!
Glad that we filed for the ballot in Texas! Thanks for the great support  
 Great turnout by  today in Austin to officially file for the Texas Republican Primary! 
 Happy PAULidays! Join  and show your  cheer!  RSVP:  
I'm proud to have the support of Join them at:  or 
Join me in New Hampshire this Friday and Saturday:  
Let’s Destroy ISIS — Not the Constitution! Read more here -  
I had a great meeting w/ pastors and community leaders yesterday. Read more about it here:  
Join me in NH for the “60 Days to Victory” Grassroots Celebration this Saturday - 
The worst thing to do for national security is trample on the Second Amendment 
  "Banning  is a little like banning guns"  
I'll be joining on at 4pm. Tune in! 
10.  EPA rules by executive FIAT trying to kill an entire American industry and way of life (coal).
9.  Appointed an attorney general who thinks speech against Muslims is a bigger threat than terrorism.
8.  He has added more debt than anyone in history.
7.  Court ruled his NSA spying on every American was illegal.
6.  His copy of the bill of rights obviously goes from 1 to 3, skipping the 2nd amendment.
5.  Signed into law the indefinite detention of American citizens
4.  Fighting an undeclared, unconstitutional war in Syria, trying to put ISIS in Damascus.
3.  Fought an undeclared, unconstitutional war in Libya, turned it into Jihadist wonderland
2.  Thinks an executive order is legislation and how you make law
1.  Tried to take over 1/6 of economy in Obamacare, wrecked the system and hurt patients and taxpayers
Today I would like to put a mirror in front of the Obama White House and show them the top ten things that make HIM unqualified:
After 5 years of acting like a King and ignoring our constitution, that takes a lot of nerve.
Yesterday the Obama White House had the nerve to say someone else was unqualified for office.
Let’s be clear: disarming more law abiding citizens will not stop mass murderers and terrorists. 
 Senator reacts to Trump's anti-Muslim stance, tells that "stricter scrutiny is a good idea" 
Happy Third Day of Hanukkah! 
I've repeatedly said If you want to defeat ISIS, the first thing you have to do is quit supplying them with arms. 
 Join Senator and the campaign for our  Debate Day Grassroots Rally! 
Sign up to volunteer for our campaign! Join today: 
  "I don't think we should have a blanket religious test." 
I'll be on with around 11:40 AM et. Don't miss it!
Great work from Think NSA Spying Has Stopped? Think Again - 

 Let's not admit anyone new from the Middle East until we vet those already here - to 
Join me in New Hampshire this Friday and Saturday:  
 Tune in today 2p ET as sits down with Senator only on 
This morning, I appeared on Fox News to discuss President Obama’s Address to the Nation. Watch now:
Let's honor those who lost their lives at Pearl Harbor and salute those who protected our country after the attack 
  Calls for Moratorium on Immigration from Middle East  ht…
 On Breitbart News Daily, calls out 
 IT'S DOM TIME! @ 10 and @ 11 Listen Live: 
  on We need a "moratorium" on immigration from the Middle East  
 "The real problem is about who we're letting into the country" -- on 
 Sen. responds to criticisms of NSA reforms: Bulk data didn't prevent any attacks  
  defends liberty, calls an "authoritarian" w/ on 
 Now on - responds to speech. Watch LIVE here:  
It's 100 percent wrong and proves the need for new leadership for our country. 
His administration is focused on gun laws that won't stop terrorists while pushing policies that will let more of them in the country.
There are answers here to make our nation safe, but once again the President seems incapable of finding them.
We must arm our allies the Kurds and insist on Arab boots on the ground for our allies in the region.
We must stop arming and training allies of ISIS and al Qaeda. We should not double down on this failed and dangerous policy.
Finally, we must stop doing the same foolish things overseas that the President advocated for throughout his remarks.
Immigration visas ; refugees from countries with active terror networks must be halted while we determine how to better secure our borders.
While paid lip service to this fight, he plans to keep failed rules in place ; allow tens of thousands of refugees to enter the US.
Second, we must fully examine and reform our border security, including refugee and visa programs.
We should be advocating for more concealed carry ability for law abiding Americans and end to unconstitutional gun free zones.
Let's be clear: disarming more law abiding citizens will not stop mass murderers and terrorists.
The  was an attempt to turn a necessary discussion on terrorism and national security into a ineffective gun control debate.
 Watch live: Senator discusses President Obama's remarks on ISIS with 
 I'll be speaking w/ immediately following speech for our post coverage 
Getting in the Christmas spirit with a little ice skating on the National Mall. 
ICYMI: This morning I appeared on to discuss privacy, the SECURE Act, and gun control.
 Sen. Rand Paul: "Let's have extra scrutiny...there's a whole segment of the world that is intent on sending people here t…
I'll be joining on this morning. Tune in! 
 Sen. ; Sen. join  live for a discussion on surveillance ; terrorism. 
Paul offers 'different ideas' to battle poverty via  
 My favorite event of 2015 included a barbershop, prayer, listening, sharing, ideas ; hope  
 Great photos of today in Iowa from with 
The Iowa Caucus is right around the corner. Join our grassroots volunteers to help Team Rand to victory! 
 This who clamor to give up Liberty for a more perceived security really aren't paying attention. -  
 Check out the excitement for at the Rising Tide Summit in Iowa!   
 Stephen Moore from "My God, wouldn't it be an improvement to have in the White House?"  …
 Rand Paul stopped at a barber shop in Waterloo on campaign stop. Photos:   
Hillary Clinton should forever be precluded from holding office!  
Rand Paul talking spending and the upcoming budget fight at  
 hung and chatted with me backstage at  
  says he won’t do the “thing that you’ll get something for free, because there really is no free …
  says to win Republicans need a candidate who can attract voters from across party lines 
  Voters should demand that Congress stand up to the President.  
  ends his time on the  stage by saying he'll get people from both sides of the aisle. 
 The first thing we should do on day one is audit the Federal Reserve. 
 Asked about the fed printing $4T in currency says 1st must audit the Fed. Group in crowd yells it out before he…
 I would break up the monopoly of the Department of Education by eliminating it at the federal level. 
We have to ask ourselves what it means to be conservative!  
Don't miss the Rising Tide Summit today! WATCH NOW:  
  is crushing their Super Saturday goals   
It's almost time for the Rising Tide Summit! Hope to see you there. 
 See more from the Hairport in Waterloo with online   
I stopped by Hairport Barber Shop to discuss issues facing their community in Waterloo, IA. It was a great visit. 
 After San Bernardino attack are there any weapons would say are not for civilian use? asks him 
 Elder Sylvester Simmons, left, prays for with shop owner Trent Keller, and Herlie Johnson, during a campa… 
 Cedar Falls: Town hall meeting at the library with 
Good morning, Cedar Falls! Thanks for joining me this AM.  
I'm at the Hairport Barber Shop in Waterloo discussing issues their community faces. It's an honor to be here! 
Get the perfect gift for the liberty lover in your family this Christmas season! 
 “This is less about gun control and more about terrorism” on front page 
 “We need to talk about if there needs to be limits of who is coming here from the Middle East.” 
I'll be on with this AM around 8 ct! Don't miss it.
Awesome supporter and patriotic flutist played music for us at the IA event!  
Hello Great welcome tonight at our Pints for Liberty event @ University of Northern IA  

It's great to be in Iowa again! We're in Mason City doing our second live Q;A of the day.  

 "You can't have stuff for free, someone has to pay" says Sen. in response to "socialism"
 "I'm here to win, and I'm serious" says on the  when asked about how he wants to finish the race 
 In our studio today, discusses foreign policy, gun policy, and healthcare  
 "I think there needs to be an American interest" on where American forces are sent says 
 "Rubio worries me... His foreign policy is way out there... I think he's going to become the establishment candidate" says
 "The military is based on performance" Sen. says if women can perform, he sees no reason why they can't be in comb…
 On gun laws, Sen. supports sealed carry in schools, says gun free zones are an invitation for those wanting to inf…
 "I think it's not unreasonable to ask for more scrutiny and screening for those who are visiting us" 
 "DC police chief said if you see an active gunmen, take 'em down" says that would be great if DC had less strict g…
 Today, a conversation with on 
 At our roundtable today welcomes Sen.  
 : Sanders’ Democratic Socialism is “Theft” via 
  unleashes on in series of blistering tweets  
 In case you missed it:   Concealed Carry Should Be Encouraged ... 
 : Democratic Socialism is “Theft” via 
 My interview with "We need to put a pause on immigration from Middle East": 
  Concealed Carry Should Be Encouraged Everywhere in U.S. WATCH:  
"We can't just have a blank check. We get weaker as the nation goes further into debt." Fort Dodge, Iowa Q;A 
  is doing a live Q;A from Iowa! Watch here:  
Policy I think Marco Rubio and Hillary Clinton are very similar. They believe in regime change...  
Join the campaign and submit your endorsement for Rand today!  
Thanks for having me. I enjoyed it!
 That was great! Thanks!   I'm getting ready to join on Don't miss it 
Im a huge believer in not only the 2nd amendment but self defense. We should encourage concealed carry in the states and DC - RP on
What I'd like to do is let DC know we are going to have self-defense in DC. - RP on with
I'm getting ready to join on Don't miss it 
 introduces legislation 2 allow concealed weapons permits in Wash D.C. in wake of CA shooting. He joins me at 2…
Defending the country starts with defending the border. Watch now! 
For years on this important national security test, I have led, and Marco Rubio has failed.
National security requires it. And it should be a test for the next President. Support real border security and halt to refugee/visas?
This is nothing new, it is a pattern through his entire career. I want to secure our borders, fix our broken systems. Marco Rubio opposes.
And as far back as the FL legislature, Marco Rubio opposed toughening reporting requirements at Florida colleges for those on student visas
Marco Rubio voted against my border security and refugee/visa reform measures then too, leaving us less safe.
During his Gang of 8 bill, I proposed the toughest border security/refugee-visa reform measures in my Trust but Verify Amendment.
Yesterday I introduced my SECURE bill as an amendment in the Senate, to protect our borders and resources.  Marco Rubio voted no
But as I led, Marco Rubio has gone the other way, preferring open borders, broken systems and siding with Harry Reid and Chuck Schumer
This President has utterly failed at the job.  I have led, and proposed measures to fix the problems.
The first job of the President should be to secure our borders and fix broken refugee and visa systems to stop terrorists.
I have a few thoughts on what true national security is, how we achieve it, and the abysmal record of one of my opponents in this area.
There is a reason that most of America rightfully believes that politicians in Washington are out of touch: 
I am grateful to the volunteers and activists who stand with me in defense of the entire Bill of Rights. - 
 and submit your endorsement today! 
 On K;F joined me today! Listen to our full discussion-- ; thanks for everyone who tuned in: 
 Join  at The U of Northern Iowa Pints for Liberty event tomorrow!  
I want to thank SC state rep. for standing with me to defeat the Washington machine! 
 Rand: Media Omitting Strictness of CA Gun Control Laws, POTUS Wants To Make Tragedy 'Political' - Breitbart 
 Who's ready for the Reg. Rally? Go to  from 6-9pm tonight!  
ICYMI, I joined Bill Hemmer on America's Newsroom this morning to discuss the tragedy in San Bernardino.
  The same paper that got  trending now says prayer doesn't work???   
This cover is deplorable. Genuine thoughts and prayers are not political fodder  
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims, families, and brave first responders during this unspeakable tragedy.
  plans 7 campaign stops in Iowa  
Really?! says he made the US the most respected country in the world  
I'm on the road to Iowa this week. I hope to see you there! Register for the events here: 
Do you stand with liberal or conservative Rand Paul? Add your name if you  
 I got a preview of my husband's Ann Hand of Washington DC presidential pin! It's gorgeous. 
With your help we can defeat the Washington Machine! Sign-up today to volunteer for Team Rand. 
Who do you stand with on spending: liberal or conservative Rand Paul? Add your name to 
 Rand Paul: "Marco Rubio wants illegal, unending war" 
"Marco Rubio Wants Illegal, Unending War" Read more from my Op-Ed here: 
 I hope you'll join me today in DC for shopping, champagne, and good conversation! 
Rand Paul Files for Presidential Caucus Read More: 
If you're in DC I hope you join me and at her book signing tonight. 4PM-7PM, Ann Hand's Beautiful Shop. 3236 Prospect St NW
I hope voters will seek out a leader who will learn from history...Read my Op-ed here: 
 recent comments linking climate change and terrorism are the most outlandish examples of political opportunism and demagoguery
 Jenean ; I were proud to be with ; today for announcement 
Donate $20.16 to  for internet freedom this  Donate here: 
 Today is the last day of "The SFR November Countdown!" Will your  chapter finish top 5?  
Today I officially filed for KY's presidential caucus. Thank you to everyone who came out to stand with me! 
This  chip-in $20.16 to give the gift of liberty and support the campaign's voter outreach! Give here: 
  officially announces he is running for both President ; his Kentucky Senate seat. 
Today’s critics sometimes imply that you can’t have both faith and freedom. I disagree.Read my latest Op-Ed here: 
  signs copies of his book @ B ; N. Announcing later he's filing for both KY caucus ; reelection 2 senate 
Join me in Cedar Falls, Iowa at 8:30 PM for Pints for Liberty! Register here: 
 Join me tomorrow for the Shopping ; Champaign event in DC! 
  believes the time is now to stop Obama’s illegal carbon plan.  
 Coming up at 9:06 - Senator joins on  Listen: 
I'll be joining today around 9:30am ET. Don't miss it! 
 Hear the presidential candidates speak on Liberty during our Iowa Summit:  via 
 Meet in Fort Dodge on Friday, December 4  
 WEDNESDAY: Registration Rally! Tweet using  RSVP:  
Visit the Rand Paul Store for the best  deals! Shop now and support the campaign! 
Get the best  deals at the Rand Paul Store! Shop now and support the campaign! 
It's  at the Rand Paul Store! Shop now and get all of your official campaign gear! 
It's  at the Rand Paul Store! Get 20% off on this Christmas mug for a limited time only! 
The Rand Paul Store is open for  Shop now for the best deals! 
 Happy Thanksgiving!   
From my family to yours, may you have a very Happy Thanksgiving! 
Leaked emails show CNN working with staff of Hillary Clinton's campaign to smear Rand. Retweet to spread the word!
Recently leaked emails show CNN working with staff of Hillary Clinton's campaign to smear Rand Paul. Please Retweet!
BREAKING: Recently leaked emails show CNN working with staff of Hillary Clinton's campaign to smear Rand Paul!
 Are you in a caucus/convention state and support Apply for Rand Delegate today!  
Sign up to volunteer for our campaign! Join today: 
We should resist calls from some Presidential candidates to isolate ourselves from discussions with our adversaries.
Those calling for a no fly zone need to realize that shooting down other countries' fighter jets will be the result and a war a possibility.
The shooting down of a Russian fighter jet illustrates precisely why we need open lines of communication with Russia.
Learn more about where I stand on the issues at  
Do you want to tell the nation why you  Record your video endorsement here: 
 8 days left in the SFR November Countdown! Will your SFR Chapter place top 5? It's on 
Gear up for colder weather with a Rand Paul fleece. Order yours today!
 Thank you, for taking time to stop in Lexington! Everyone, check out the book!   
Thanks to everyone who joined today at one of the book signing events! Tomorrow we'll have one more in Bowling Green 
 Rand Paul: "Dishonest" officials using Paris to promote surveillance  
Students, do you  Join Students for Rand today and get involved on your campus! 
 Proud to say we are 11-❄️   and clearly tailgating with was unforgettable!  
 Man, I could listen to talk all day. Fascinating guy and great Senator. Can't wait to read his new book. 
In case you missed it, I joined Face the Nation yesterday to discuss my bill to keep terrorists out of the U.S.
 will have a book signing Tuesday at 5:00 pm at Bowling Green Barnes ; Noble. 
 Hear the presidential candidates speak on Liberty during our Iowa Summit:  via 
 Senator says absolutely not to keeping a database of Muslims in the US - unlike Trump and Rubio.
I agree with Chief Lanier! Citizens need to be able to protect and defend themselves. 
For too long the Fed has been operating under a cloak of secrecy. Tell your senators to support  
 Sen. says "absolutely not" to the idea of US keeping a database of Muslims -- unlike Trump or Rubio 
Read more of my Op-Ed "Punish Those Who Fund ISIS" here:  
About to join on to discuss how we can protect both Liberty ; the homeland. Tune in! 
 "Liberty," he said. "These people just want the government less involved in their lives."  
Should you vote for conservative Rand Paul or liberal Marco Rubio? Take the quiz and find out! Play now: 
Do you  or with Marco Rubio? Take our quiz now and find out! Play here --; 
  talks about  who lost 3 limbs, man's sacrifice.  via 
  keeping things civil with the Iowa State and U of Iowa  Chapter Leaders     
Who should you vote for: Rand Paul or Marco Rubio? Take the quiz and find out! Play here: 
Should you vote for conservative Rand Paul or liberal Take the quiz and find out! Play here: 
It was great seeing our students today at Stay warm out there. 
Looks like our agree with me on NSA spying.  
Excited to join for the game today!  
ICYMI: I announced a plan to defend our Capital. Read about DEFEND OUR CAPITAL ACT of 2015:  
  Just war? Think of wounded veterans first:    
  "When govt is so small that you can barely see it ; remember the Constitution restraints the gvt not the peopl…
  "When we stop looking to the govt to fix our problems ; turn to God, we will have a healthier more Christian n…
  "Liberty requires strength" 
Governments not going to cure us. Government isn't salvation. We have to look to ourselves.  
  "Helping to build homes for Veterans ; hearing 1 wounded veteran story of him fighting for the Bill of Rights"…
 tells of building houses for wounded veterans. Different kids of questions, different answers at 
 Rand Paul gets applause on his foreign policy answer from the crowd. 
  When I think about war I think about it from a personal perspective. 
  mentions 9/11 F-16 pilot Heather "Lucky" Penney in an answer at  Her story, via htt…
  "To this day, it still bothers me that no one was fired after 9/11" 
  is the leader this country needs. A man who serves the interest of the people and defends the constitution.
  "You go to war, you follow the Constitution when congress gives a formal declaration of war" 
 on when to go to war: Follow Constitution - when Congress gives formal declaration of war 
  "When I do think about war I think about it from a personal perspective" 
 "You go to war when congress initiates war with a formal declaration of war," says on a q on what kind of war …
 has been on-point tonight on foreign policy matters.
  It still bothers me that no one was fired after 9/11. 
  says we should not fight wars illegally, we should declare war. 
 is right on that we need to look to Constitution and have Congress declare war if we are going to engage in host…
When I do think about war I think about it in very personal terms...You have to obey the constitution.  
  on what’s a justifiable war, gets applause for saying follow Constitution with formal war declaration.  
 The crowd applauds for comments about when to go to war. 
 with a great foreign policy answer.
If you can't name your enemy, you can't defeat your enemy.  
 Rand brings up abortion for the 2nd time, says Rs have to pin down Ds for saying "7 pound babies have no rights until …
 You can be passionate about your ideals without bearing malice towards those with whom you disagree. 
 Great answer by - Rights come from God.
The greatest moral threat we face is forgetting our rights aren't granted by government, but by our creator.  
  prez forum gets going center stage   
  says people get passionate because they care.  “But I’m going to try not to be disagreeable.”  
 sticks to his message of liberty. He says they came from our creator and we must fight to keep them. 
Retweet if you  involved --; 
Don't miss my interview with this Sunday! 
Tomorrow my friend is on the ballot for AG in Louisiana! I stand with him ; hope all liberty lovers will show up at the polls
Gear up for cooler weather with an official Rand Paul Fleece. Shop now! 
 Great to see supporting for president.  At least some people understand what this country needs
UFC champion stands with Rand! Do you? Order your Miletich Edition Rand gear today! 
Keep up the great work! You can join our volunteer team here:  
  at GWU: “I don’t think we should put you or your friends in jail for marijuana"  

Cosponsor my bill today to prevent terrorists from entering our country as refugees! 
Show your support for Rand and order your tee today! 
Retweet if you   
Retweet if you agree that we must defeat the Washington Machine and fumigate the D.C. politicians! 
I look forward to joining Pat Robertson tomorrow on Tune in at 9am ET!
 Students for Rand passes 400 chapters nationwide! Spread the word and join at  
I joined The Jan Mickelson Show to discuss my amendment to prohibit Syrian refugees from receiving welfare. Listen: 
Read more of my Op-Ed "Punish Those Who Fund ISIS" here:  
  to campaign in Iowa this weekend, including a 'Stand with Rand' tailgate at Kinnick. 
  on Wolf Blitzer live on CNN at the George Washington University SFR Rally!  
 People who believe in Islam need "to rise up ... to be the boots on the ground" fighting  says 
So much of what we are as a country is embodied in our belief in our individual liberty!  
 GOP presidential candidate will be with me during 1PM ET hour to tell us what he would do about  
 prepping for live TV shoot with 
  "when they...say the tragedy in Paris means 'you have to give up your liberty, we need more phone surveillance'…
Joining from GWU! 
If we want to believe in justice, we need to believe in the entire Bill of Rights! - RP at GWU Rally 
  on more NSA phone surveillance: “Bullshit!” 
 "The tragedy in Paris means you have to give up your phone records? Bullshit!" -
I'm not just a part of the leave me alone coalition. I'm a part of the leave me the hell alone coalition! 
 are ready to  We're past standing room only today for our rally at George Washington U 
  joins today at 2:15! Tune in on AM 680 or  
We must protect our country and keep terrorists out of the United States. Cosponsor my bill if you agree! 
We must show President Obama we oppose his dangerous plan to allow refugees from Middle East without full safeguards in place 
My amendment to stop welfare to future refugees needs a vote! Call your Senators and demand they allow a vote: 
Watch: Rand Paul’s Senate Floor Fight To Stop Taxpayer Benefits For New, High-Risk Refugees | Read more at 
 Senator on the bill he has co-sponsored with Senator Hatch to strengthen  protections - 
Paul: Stop All Immigration, Visitors and Students from Countries with Jihadist Movements via - 
We must show President Obama we oppose his dangerous plan to allow refugees from Middle East without full safeguards in place 
My amendment to stop welfare to future refugees needs a vote in the senate. Call your Senators and demand they allow a vote!
 Announcing the  November Countdown!Prizes for membership and total calls made at the end of November! 
My amendment will end housing assistance to refugees. It sends a clear message to the president. We have control of the power of the purse!
I don't think we should continue adding people to the roles from the Middle East until they've been properly vetted!
  points out that vets have trouble living on disability payments, while refugees are being put on welfare.
Do you agree that we must keep terrorists out of our country? Add your name to cosponsor my bill! 
Today I announced plans to introduce an amendment to the to block taxpayer benefits for new refugees.  
Rand surges to 4th in the latest national poll!Donate now to help us keep momentum:  
Add your name and become a cosponsor of my bill to keep terrorists out of the United States! 
Will you join me ; add your name as a cosponsor to my bill to prevent terrorists from entering the U.S. as refugees? 
  says bill to suspend visas to high-risk countries will help prevent the import of radicalism: 
Join me this Thursday to talk policy, take pictures, and show the establishment that the youth vote DOES matter! - 
Looking forward to joining at 830pm! Tune in to your local radio station.
We need to make it clear that the U.S. does not do business with terror financiers!Read more of my latest Op-Ed: 
It's time to punish those who fund ISIS. Read my Op-Ed here: 
I'll be joining tonight on to discuss why we need to be careful about allowing refugees into our nation. 10pm tune in!
You can make a difference and change the direction of our country! Sign up to volunteer for the campaign: 
If showed for work he'd know program was still in place. Time 4 him 2 join me ; focus on real security, fixing visa program.
The programs r still in place ; were 4 Boston. Searching millions of innocent Americans isn't catching terrorists. 
 wants to distract from his weakness on security by saying we should simply keep spying on every American.
Yesterday I introduced a new bill to halt all refugees ; reform refugee ; visa programs. We must SECURE our country 
Back when used 2 vote in the Senate he joined w/ Schumer ; Reid 2 block my immigration amendments. 
  With this all-out war on us, we shouldn't have immigration, visas, students or refugees from countries posin…
Retweet if you  ---;  
  I will remind everyone that had a secret immigration agreement with Schumer, it would have made …
  There are many examples of refugees coming in under false pretenses; until we know where everyone is I would…
  immigration plan, after Paris--; 
Join me this Thursday to talk policy, take pictures, and show the establishment that the youth vote DOES matter! - 
Rand Paul Introducing Bill To Stop Refugees From Countries With ‘Significant Jihadist Movements'Read more here: 
Rand Paul: Supports States Not Taking Syrian Refugees, Issues Legislation In Senate To Halt Refugee Resettlement: 
Retweet if you agree with me that the time has come to stop terrorists from walking in our front door! 
Rand Paul Introducing Bill To Stop Refugees From Countries With ‘Significant Jihadist Movements’Read More: 
  Supports States Not Taking Syrian Refugees, Issues Legislation to Halt  Program 
BREAKING: Rand Paul Introduces Legislation to Prevent Terrorists From Entering the U.S. as Refugees Read More: 
Join me this Thursday to talk policy, take pictures, and show the establishment that the youth vote DOES matter! - 
  "We stand in solidarity with the French people and we stand against barbarism."  
It's official! I'm honored to be on the ballot for the GOP nomination in Florida, signed  paperwork today!  
  speaks to our GOP crowd about ridding liberal destructive policies once and for all.  
Let's control govt spending. We control the House and the Senate but we get zero done.  
Just arrived at  in Orlando. I sense liberty lovers in the room. 
My thoughts ; prayers are with the people of Paris.  America must stand united with France as they face this truly horrific act of terrorism
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Paris tonight. This is truly horrific.
 We'll talk with on Sunday about his presidential campaign and his criticisms of GOP rivals. Don't miss it! htt…
You have some smart kids in New Hampshire! School choice works!  in NH 
  calls himself the only fiscal conservative in the GOP race:     
   at  today! 
 speaking to Tri-City Christian Academy School!  in NH 
Thank you for your service,  
 "We didn't come to place, we didn't come to show. We came here to win." - on state house steps 
 Follow ABCPolitics on as snaps from filing in New Hampshire: 
We can't borrow our way to prosperity, we cannot borrow our way to strength! 
Speaking at independent voters sit down. Great to be back in NH!  
 Great turnout for  as he officially files to be on the ballot in New Hampshire.  
 greeting NH 4th graders. The constitution is about restraining gov so you can be free to make choices! 
 2016 News on files for the  primary ballot    via
I'm proud to be a part of the NH  primary. Thank you to everyone who came to stand with me today  
 At New Hampshire filing, brothers Buddy ; Seamus say they're supporting "He's funny. He's a good bowler." 
 2016 News gets serenaded by fourth graders as he arrives at the State House   
  just filed for  primary    via
 2016 News on files for the  primary ballot   
I wish all the best in her future endeavors. She's been a champion of limited govt while in Washington ; a good friend to me
 WATCH LIVE: is filing for the NH Primary:    
Fourth graders and NH congressmen getting ready to  at the NH primary filing!  
 Today's editorial: right about conservatism:  And his point applies in   
  to file paperwork for N.H. primary. 
  Federal Reserve A “Sexy Issue”  
FLASH SALE: $5 Off Top Selling Tees - Don't miss this limited time sale! 
 SATURDAY: Sunshine Summit – LIVE at 10am ET on C-SPAN  
  : Adding $1T in military expenditures isn't conservative | 
"The remarks from the senator from Kentucky are worth repeating." Read piece about the debate: 
FLASH SALE: $5 Off Top Selling Tees - Order today! 
ICYMI: Today I appeared on The Real Story with - 
"The Insiders with Dave Price" on WHO- NBC Des Moines will air Sunday at 9:30am CT/ 10:30am ET. Don't miss it! 
Listen to my entire interview with here:  
 Thanks!  
I'm joining on soon! Tune in.

Listen to my full discussion with here: 
Unlike I will fight to defeat the Washington Machine. 
 talks government waste in Iowa!  
IRS says $4 billion to illegal aliens under the program Sen. Rubio wants to double. No program this rife with fraud should be expanded.
Busy day today! We stopped by an IA favorite, to visit with caucus goers.  
  "I think tax credit plan will extend more tax credits to illegal aliens; there's no way we shoul…
Thanks for having me at the  event to talk role of gov in privacy, tech, and online political engagement
  "when you think of government think of the post office, think of snail mail." 
  says he’s concerned that government isn’t very good at protecting citizens’ private information. 
  says let (tech) marketplace develop where “we try to keep the government out of our affairs.” 
 joins for the  conference! Watch:  
I joined Laura Ingraham this morning to share my thoughts on the debate ; my exchange with Marco Rubio. Listen here: 
 Come see at 11 am ! 
I'm live in studio with on  
I hear my pen was a hit on debate night.  
Don't miss my live in studio interview with on at 10AM central 
I'll be joining today around 11AM for a conversation on  Watch live: 
I don't think you can be fiscally conservative unless you're conservative with all money.  in IA 
Join me for the  Rockingham County Town Hall in Portsmouth, NH! - 
  talked to ISU studnets at Jeff’s Pizza in Ames Wednesday    
 Join live in studio with on at 10AM central 
  having a fun time visiting with caucus goers tonight at Jeffs Pizza in Ames  
It's a packed house in Ames, Iowa for our Pints for Liberty event!  
Thank you to the vets who chose to stand with me on this  It's been an honor. 
Honored to be with vets tonight on this  to discuss the serious issues they face. Thanks for having me. 
Thanks for your questions! Let's do this again soon. You can find more on my views at  
Her proclivity for war. 
I've often mentioned it in my speeches! As a teenager I drove Rothbard around with my dad.  
I'm pretty busy these days but I love riding my bike. 
She should forever be precluded from holding higher office. 
How much time do you have? That's a long list:  
We need a neutral net but I don't believe that can be achieved by more federal regulation, only more competition. 
F.A. Hayek  
The Waitress by 
Thomas Jefferson 
Fix distribution of the health care to allow vets more choice and have facilities that specialize in war injuries 
We could start by not arming them and/or their allies.  
We need real market choices ; alternatives for everyone. Abolish Common Core, give control back to states/parents 
Thanks for your question, Nan! Being on the swimming team was probably my favorite. 
Senator Paul is getting ready to answer some questions on social. Reply with your questions!  
FLASH SALE: $5 Off Top Selling Tees - Order Now: 
It's great to be back in Council Bluffs, IA this afternoon! Join us on the next stop:  
Join me for the  Rockingham County Town Hall in Portsmouth, NH! - 
  Showed Why We Should Be Thankful for Foreign Policy  
FLASH SALE: To celebrate the debate victory, the top 5 selling Tee shirts are $5 off. Order here: 

Take a minute to watch this post-debate update from and click to donate: 
 the good news!  

"...Paul proved he won’t be going anywhere anytime soon."Read more at 

  is back 
  to file for New Hampshire primary on Friday. 
 And calls for a true all-of-the-above energy strategy 
  China trade quip was top debate moment, TiVo says   
 Watch Correct Donald Trump On the TPP Trade Deal 

Today we thank all who have served. They have given so much of themselves to protect our country and our freedom.
Vote for Rand in the Drudge Poll.  and tell your friends to  
 That rare moment when your debate move is so good, they skip the commercial break   

  drops the mic on Donald Trump 
  to head to New Hampshire this week to file for presidential primary. 
 Republican presidential candidates and join  in minutes. Watch live on h…
I'll be joining on in a minute. Tune in!
Good morning ; Happy  is on the way to IA. Send us your ?s on social for Senator Paul to answer on the road!
 Glenn Beck: "Line of the night" went to for comment on China and TPP 
  "We have to be conservative with all spending." 
  "We have to be conservative with all spending." 
  closing statement: "I'm the only fiscal conservative on the stage." 
  ; exchange on  ;   
Even the liberal New York Times had to admit... 
More positive comments on my debate performance tonight  
"Top Candidates" on Facebook from the debate!  
 So far  is winning the  post-debate online poll!   
Even the liberal New York Times admits..."[Rand Paul] had perhaps the best night of his campaign" 
We had a great debate tonight - show them we are on the way to victory!Contribute here: 
Some of what they're saying.... 
 I think Q to Rubio about how spending ourselves into huge debt makes us stronger was top notch.

Vanity Fair : "Rand Paul shuts down Donald Trump, moderators, and commercial breaks"  
Great video on the debate tonight from supporter ! Send yours in to us using  
Rand Paul wins tonight's  Chip-in $5 and  if you agree! 

 Next up in spin room,  
 Make sure you vote for in this poll ;   
 "Rand Paul had his best debate tonight" 
The verdict is out. Rand won tonight's  Donate $20.16 tonight if you agree  
 from CNN "Tonight Rand Paul outperformed expectations" 
President Paul! President Paul! Rand wins tonight's  Donate $20.16 tonight  
VICTORY! PRESIDENT PAUL, PRESIDENT PAUL, PRESIDENT PAUL! 
We won the night!  
Rand wins the  Donate $20.16 tonight and  
 We need  of all forms. We will still have  
RETWEET if you agree!  
  We need an all of the above energy strategy!   
  I would repeal regulations that are hampering our energy that [Obama] has put in place.  
 "It would be a mistake to shut down all of our industries."- Sen. Dr. on  
Vote for in tonight's  poll on 
 Vote for ;  
  says the U.S. needs a less aggressive foreign policy. What do you think?  
 Rand's best debate, by far.

  presents a rational, conservative foreign policy—focused on defending Americans, not bravado and rash intervent…

  Over 100k mentions in the last 20mins with and driving online conversation 
GOV. BUSH: MYTH VS. FACT ON GOVERNMENT REFORM ; LOBBYING -   
 For the first time at a debate has had significant time to set himself apart with policy differences. 
"I wouldn't arm our enemies. I wouldn't arm ISIS."
  "I want a government [that's] so small you can barely see it." ME TOO.
 Rand Paul on foreign policy:   
 repeatedly warned against sending indiscriminate arms to Syrian rebels   
 Rand Paul is taking a sledgehammer to neocon foreign policy of last 15 years
  on foreign policy: "You can be strong without being involved in every civil war around the world," says
 Why was Rand Paul the only person  on the stage who knew that China was not part of the trade agreement.
  "You can be strong without intervening in every civil war in the world." Finally Rand having good debate momen…
  You can be strong without being involved in every single civil war around the world.  
  - I wouldn't arm our enemies, I wouldn't arm ISIS. 
 “Don’t arm enemies.”  
  is right that US spends more than rest of world on defense    htt…
 Rand Paul holding Rubio's tax plan accountable
 Rand Paul wants a goverment even smaller than the one I envision.  I need to catch up with him.
  just did a call-out to his famous filibuster. Procedural nerds and parliamentarians everywhere high-five. 

 if you're loving this debate and 
 For U.S. interventionists, "isolationism" is just a dirty word:    
 Tonight twitter army is tweeting about the  with two hashtags  and  
 Rand's right ; Rubio's wrong. Tax credits (like EITC ; child tax credit) won't lift economic growth: 
 That's right, China is NOT part of the TPP deal. 
  coming on strong, 1st with strong showing vs. on military, ; then stage-stealer on trade.
 Best  takedown of the night goes to China isn't part of the TPP deal! 
"I want a strong national defense, but I don't want us to be bankrupt."
  "I want a strong national defense, but I don't want us to be bankrupt." 
  hits Marco Rubio over military spending.  
 In September of 2014, Sen Rubio Said “We’re In A Better Place” On ISIS Because Of Obama 
 Sen. Rubio’s Tax Plan Expands Welfare ; Raises Taxes
  "I want a strong national defense, but I don't want us to be bankrupt." 
 Glad to hear talk about our national debt as a national security issue. 
 Look out! is holding a pen to make a point! 

 Tonight is the only candidate focusing not just on cutting taxes, but on cutting government spending. 
Learn more about where I stand on the issues at   
My tax plan eliminates the special interest giveaways.  
My tax plan balances the budget in five years.  
If we get rid of the payroll tax, everyone get's a tax cut!  

  says that the GOP is better for the economy.  
If we really care about income inequality, the Fed should set markets free. 
  Need to examine whether or not we want Fed that is involved so much in determining interest rates. 
"Income inequality seems to worse in cities and states run by Democrats!"
  re-introduced Audit the Fed last week.   
 at  absolutely packed here to support Good luck Rand.   
 Bobby Sneakers gets ready for    
Support Rand by chipping-in $5 before tonight's debate!  

Support Rand by chipping-in before tonight's debate   
Today is  day! Let's wish good luck. Donate today:   
Help keep our campaign's momentum going. Chip-in $5 before the debate!  

 Kentucky Sen. hosted 'School Choice Roundtable' in Milwaukee  
Thanks to my hosts at Rising Star Christian School for having me to discuss the important issue of school choice! 
  Turkeyfest is here! Join us for the SFR  tonight at 8pm EST!  
 TNGT: explains how, if he becomes president, he will stay OUT of our lives as much as possible.  at 8p…
This morning we're at Shining Star Christian School talking about   
Stand with Rand to Defeat the Washington Machine. Chip-in $20.16 now!Contribute here:  
Watch my School Choice Rally this morning at the Shining Star Christian School live: 
Can we get 500 donors to  for tonight's debate?Donate here: 
Retweet if you are supporting Rand tonight! Remember to tweet your support and favorite moments during the debate. 
  was in Minn. today, looking to win over millennials with a message of small government. | 
 Great to see you today! with an amazing man a great debate tomorrow.  
 We had an awesome atmosphere in Duluth! Standing room only with   
 Good to hear speak at  this morning! The man has some good ideas and speaks  
 Rand Paul in Duluth: I am the candidate who will leave you alone  
 Great turn out for our Rally in Rochester, MN!  
We need to be the party of the entire Bill of Rights!  
I want a government so small I can barely see it!  
Looks like are ready to  at our Rally at University of Minnesota - Duluth! 
 students are ready to defeat the Washington machine! 
It's great to be at the University of Minnesota! Lots of liberty lovers! 
 Join ; today at at 11:30am in Coffman to see
 Here's my intv w/ We talked Russian plane bombing, neoconservatism, immigration ; criminal justice reform 
  immigration record will hurt "He was the coauthor of the bill. It was the Rubio bill. The Rubio-Schum…
  I fault Clinton, Obama, "neoconservatives" like Rubio for instability in Libya  
  says and are both neo-conservatives, "they're the same person," he tells
I'll be joining on in a few moments. Tune In!
 Go inside digital operation with his internet guru in this week's  podcast: 
  on Hillary's Private Server: Without question she knew this was an improper thing to do.  
  Some of our strength is under reported, We have a lot of young people. College kids don't show up in presiden…
  will hold a school choice roundtable in Milwaukee hours before Tuesday's  (His second such roundtable …
 "I think Hillary Clinton is a NEOCON" says on citing her record as SOS
 "If Hillary Clinton is president, we will be back at war in the Middle East." So sayeth on Hardball, also calling H a…
  on calls a neo-conservative, compares her policies to 
 crashing the  earlier tonight!  in SC 
*DEADLINE MIDNIGHT TONIGHT*Time is running out! Chip-in $5 or more for a chance to join Rand at the next debate! 
  has crashed the  in South Carolina 
  : If the Federal Reserve is bailing out foreign banks shouldn't we be told which banks.  
  truly will go anywhere to spread the message of liberty! Right now at  in SC! 
Rand Paul on at the Democrat Forum in SC! 
 . is on  now
Joining from the democratic forum right now! 
 Politics alert: Live next on -- Sen. talks to
Getting ready to join on from South Carolina! 
*DEADLINE MIDNIGHT TONIGHT*Only a few hours left! Chip-in $5 or more for a chance to join Rand at the next debate! 
*DEADLINE TONIGHT* Pitch-in just $5 before midnight ; be entered to win a trip to join Team Rand at the next debate! 
  to hold a school choice roundtable event Tues. morning in  ahead of the 
I want a strong national defense but you don't get stronger from bankruptcy court! We're not safe w/ $19 T debt! 
Thanks to and for coming to speak in Spartanburg, SC today! 
It's great to be here in Spartanburg, SC at the Beacon Drive-In! 
**DEADLINE MIDNIGHT TONIGHT** Still time left! Chip-in $5 or more for a chance to join Rand at the next debate! 
Stopped by the Sub Station in SC. This sign must be for the dems. I know there's no such thing as a free lunch! 
Keystone XL pipeline should be approved! is once again stopping progress and blocking job creation.
 Full house for in Rock Hill  
LIVE on  Live at the SC Senator Tim Scott Town Hall! 
Having a sock competition w/ ; before my Town Hall in SC! Which do you like best? 
**DEADLINE MIDNIGHT TONIGHT** Chip-in $5 or more for a chance to join Team Rand at the next debate!
  “I still hear people in our government…saying ‘oh we need to be allied w/ Al Qaeda now.’”  
  “I’m not sure which is less secure, email server or the email server.” 
There is still time left! Help me defeat the Washington Machine by chipping-in to our Moneybomb today  
 Enjoyed seeing tonight ; look forward to reading his new book  Out now: 
Win a trip ; tickets to join Rand at the next Republican debate! Donate $5 or more here: 
Looking forward to joining tonight on at 10pm. Tune In!
Help me defeat the Washington Machine by chipping-in to our Moneybomb today 
Win a trip ; tickets to join Rand at the next Republican debate! 
  has 350 NH endorsements +Jared Chicoine as NH co-chair:    
 Happy to be part of the grassroots effort to defeat the Washington Machine! Support in today's Money Bomb! 
 Gobble gobble...it's SFR Turkeyfest time! Check out the line up and RSVP here:   
Do you want to join me at next week's debate? Donate $5 or more right now to enter! 
 WEB ONLY: I ask about his new book on faith:  I'll have more w/ Senator Rand Paul  tomor…
Join me and this Friday! Register here -  
 Now on  “Would you attend a  “Absolutely.” 
Join me Friday for a Town Hall with and in Rock Hill, South Carolina! Register here - 
I want you to join me at next week's debate! Donate $5 or more right now to enter! 
Congratulations to on winning album of the year at the CMAs! Kentucky is proud of you.
Pitch-in $5 or more for your chance to win tickets to next week's debate! 
Win a trip ; tickets to join Team Rand at the next Republican debate! Chip-in $5 or more for your chance to win! 
Enter now to win a trip ; tickets to join me at the next Republican debate! Chip-in $5 or more! 
 Glad to support Sen Rand Paul's  bill. American taxpayers deserve to know how the Fed is spending their hard-earn…
   has destroyed Democratic Party in Kentucky |  
 Calling all students from caucus states... Apply to be an official Rand Delegate today!  
What made America great? I’ll give you a hint–it wasn’t free stuff. Read my oped here: 
Join me and this Friday! Register here -  
 ON NOW, Listen Live: 
 Like a 'junkie', Congress is 'addicted to spending' post of Rand Paul's floor speech has gone viral!
Join me Friday for a Town Hall with and in Rock Hill, South Carolina! Register here - 
 . on jobs, taxes his chances 
Democrats have to thank for their defeat tonight in Kentucky! Congratulations to and the rest of the GOP!
Congratulations to Kentucky's Governor, ! 
As a Star Wars fan I support Daniel's wish.  so we can make it happen!  
The true compromise that is necessary in America is for both right and left to say enough is enough! - 
Looking forward to joining at 430pm on the radio. Check your local listing for local broadcast times.
  Washington 'wimps' won't fix Social Security  |  
I joined to discuss the budget battle, the unholy spending alliance, and recent poll numbers. 
Join me and vote today for and the conservative Republican ticket in   
 POLLS ARE OPEN. Make your voice heard and vote for our incredible slate of GOP candidates. Let’s rack up wins! 
Join me and this Friday! Register here -  
 will be on at 11am taking Twitter questions. Direct your questions to w/ 
 Vote Bevin for Governor!  
Join me Friday for a Town Hall with and in Rock Hill, South Carolina! Register here - 
In case you missed it, I spoke with the other day from my Halloween Party in Iowa. Watch now! 
 "Rand Paul Goes Viral, Thanks to Mike Lee" Follow this link to read more: 
What made America great? It wasn’t free stuff. It was the freedom to be left alone. Read more from my Op-Ed here: 
  says on day 1 in office he would get rid of as many exec orders as he could that would help the economy.
 As the  gets closer, another candidate visits campus today. Welcome  
Thanks to everyone that came out to our Rally at UNH! The youth vote does matter!  
 2016 News talks 1-on-1 w/ at 5p,6p,10p on    
  says rich kids from Andover don't end up getting arrested for smoking pot like poor kids do.
 Follow for live tweeting of today's visit.   
  - It's naive to support No Fly Zone. How do you have No Fly Zone when Russia is flying there. You'd have to …
  gets applause at UNH for:  "I think wars on the ground should be fought by those who live there."
 WATCH: attending rally in N.H. 
My thoughts and prayers go to Fred Thompson and his family tonight. Rest in peace.
  mobile phone bank in Hudson, NH! Only 100 volunteer days to the NH Primary.  
Only 100 days until the New Hampshire Primary! Get involved now in    
Join me for the - Rally. Let's show the DC establishment that the youth vote DOES matter! 
Today marks 100 days until the  New Hampshire Primary! Get involved in our  initiative: 
Stand With Rand against illegal NSA spying! Order your sticker now: 
Have you purchased a Rand Paul campaign fleece yet? Gear up and order yours here: 
Join me in Durham, NH to talk policy, take pictures and discuss how we unleash the American dream! - 
 Team Rand door knocking in NH. Meet Shane, Shane is a full-time volunteer ; has even gotten his mom involved!  
 It's official: won  in  
 Even my son is representing  
Thanks to all the volunteers helping make calls and spread the message of liberty in Iowa! 
 and order your campaign merchandise: 
  "We need to become the party of the entire Bill of Rights, not just the 2nd Amendment" 
 . getting lots of applause as he speaks at the  
  closes  w/ talk about eminent domain. May hit home here in Iowa with proposed pipeline/power line proje…
  "When we become the party of entire Bill of Rights, we are going to rock;roll to victory" 
 Worst thing Obama has done? "How long do you have?" jokes Adds: Ignoring separation of powers.  
  "If I'm president, no private property will be taken by government and given to another property owner.
  closed with call to defend entire Bill of Rights with same fervor as for 2nd Amendment. About quarter rose in o…
 Candy and pumpkins.  
Great seeing and JC Watts at the event today! 
 Rand Paul says “Hell no!” to wasteful government  
  Halloween costume: the national debt 
 went as the National Debt for Halloween and has seen nothing scarier so far.  - 
 Join for the Rally to talk policy ; take pictures. The youth vote DOES matter! 
 Look at the "scary" costume is wearing for Halloween  
  supporters showing their support in   
Good morning, Iowa! It's great to speak with liberty lovers at the Jasper County Farm Bureau. 
Have you signed up to volunteer for the campaign yet? Sign up, and take action today! 
  gets ready to judge a costume contest in Des Moines. His scary costume? The national debt. (18 Trillion) 
 It's Friday night ; I'm at a Rand Paul-judged Halloween costume party because life choices  
 Costumes at Rand PaulZombie Guy FawksObamacare DoctorStatue of LibertyZombie Ben Franklin"Defender of the Republi…
 At the costume event-Im Abe Lincoln (vamp hunter) and hes something truly scary-his shirt says '$18 Tril' 
  at the Halloween party as vampire hunter Abe Lincoln  
  Halloween party at Buzzard Billy's in Des Moines tonight  
  gives out "Don't Drone Me Bro" t-shirt to costume contestants  
  poses with all the Halloween costume contestants  
 Lady Liberty, stabbed by the Washington establishment, came in 2nd place tonight at DSM costume contest. htt…
 Celebrating Rand-oween with my Rand-o-lantern.  
 Kentucky's Rand Paul says his Halloween costume is the "scariest"   
 Zombie Ben Franklin and Wednesday Addams at the costume party in Des Moines  
  goes as the $18 trillion national debt for Halloween  
We just finished up our costume contest! Thanks to everyone who came out and dressed up. 
Show your support for the campaign and order a tee today!   
 "Scariest Halloween costume in Iowa?": Look at what is wearing for Halloween  
Having a great time at my Halloween party in Iowa! My costume is still the scariest. 
Stopped at Zombie Burger in Des Moines. I think my costume is scarier than these zombies. 
  has arrived in Des Moines 
I'm on with Simon Conway now!  
Keep your endorsements coming! You can submit yours here:  

Today is the last day to enter our campaign ad contest! Enter by clicking here: 
Congratulations on celebrating 1000 shows! 
Join me for the - Rally. Let's show the DC establishment that the youth vote DOES matter! 
 makes budget point of order and asks for yeas/nays. Senate leadership asks to waive rules to raid Social Securi…
  is about to offer a budget point of order against breaking rules to raid Social Security.
  is about to offer a budget point of order against breaking rules to raid Social Security.
  People wonder why the deficit gets worse under both parties..people say why does this go on, where are the fi…
 Here's the story just cited about taxpayers spending $2.4 million on "origami" condoms 
This is an argument for just spending what just comes in. Could be not just simply live with the 3 trillion dollars that comes in?
The only other alternative should not be that we go further and further in debt. 
  challenge to fellow Senators: Leave beltway and ask any random person whether federal gov't should borrow more …
Doesn't seem to be a significant will on either side to stop spending. This is why congress has a 10% approval rating.
The antipathy for this deal is rising. The anger is rising because we don't seem to be listening. 
Cut Cap ; Balance is a good alternative to this terrible deal. We'd become a stronger country if we enacted my bill 
Is it really so awful to conceive that we only spend what comes in? Every American family does it.
 "The Senator has approximately 38 minutes remaining." continues - LIVE on C-SPAN2  
 Sen. now speaking on  - LIVE on C-SPAN2  
  railing against budget deal on Senate floor: "Number one threat to our national security is the debt." 
  is being touted as a bipartisan compromise.  It's a bipartisan compromise that's busting the budget..; r…
This is a bipartisan compromise that is ruining the country.
We spend more money on military than the next 10 countries combined.
We are on target to add more debt under this president than all presidents combined. 
  enough is enough.  We should spend only what comes in.
  live filibustering: "We borrow a million dollars a minute.  This threatens the very foundation of our country.…
The  threat to our country's future is our debt. The  threat to our country's security is our debt. 
  denounces budget deal: "The Left and the Right have come together in an unholy alliance to explode the debt."
 Live on C-Span 2, showing us all what leadership looks like. Let's come together and  
  calls budget bill a "terrible, no good, rotten deal."
Let's take a stand and try to reform the process before it's too late. 
I hope my colleagues will listen to their constituents before voting for this terrible, no good, rotten deal.
I have travelled far and wide across America and I have not met one Republican outside of DC who supports adding an unlimited increase.
The debt threatens us like never before and now is the time to take a stand.
But I also could accept a balanced budget amendment that brings us into balance over five years.
Not raising the debt ceiling means we would be forced to only spend what comes in --- also known as a balanced budget. I could accept that.
Our debt now equals our entire economy.
I will not give this President or any President to power to borrow unspecified amounts of money.
I promised the voters of Kentucky to oppose deficits, to oppose budgets that don't balance, and to spend only what we have.
This a bipartisan busting of the budget caps that will further indenture the next generation.
The Left gets more welfare, the Right gets more military contracts, and the Taxpayer is stuck with the bill!
This deal represents the worst of the Washington culture. The Left ; the Right have come together in an unholy alliance to explode the debt.
This deal gives the President the power to borrow unlimited amounts of money.
The number one threat to our country's future is our debt. The number one threat to our national security is our debt. 
The time is now to take a stand. The time is now to say enough is enough. 
The debt threatens us like never before and now is the time to take a stand. 
The left and the right come together in an unholy alliance and the tax payer gets stuck with the bill. 
 during his debt ceiling filibuster! Donate $20.16 to send a message to the Washington Machine. 
I'd like to thank for joining my filibuster tonight against this disastrous budget deal. 
Our rights pre-exist the government and the Constitution works to protect your rights rather than taking them away.
  The Government should only spend what it brings in 
  "It's the unholy alliance in Washington... the right and the left are big spenders." 
  This budget deal gives unlimited borrowing power. 
 House GOP overwhelming opposed the  Senate needs to join w/ in o…
I will continue this filibuster as long as there are enough votes here to allow it to continue!  - 
I think the public wants you to tell the truth and the truth is we don't have any money.  
Call now and let them know to stand with rand and vote NO on the disastrous debt ceiling bill. (202) 224-3121 
I need 41 senators to stand with me between now and 1am for my filibuster to continue. Where is your senator? 
 Don't miss on moments before he begins his filibuster of the Congressional budget deal. 
I'll be joining on on at 4:15pm ET to discuss how congress shamefully continues to grow the debt
Call your Senators right now and tell them to stand with me today and vote NO tonight. 
Who else will come speak out against this debt ceiling deal and for the American people? Who will join my filibuster? 
  on debt crisis: "2008 we were close to a panic...I think we get closer every day." 
I want to thank for standing with me and for the American ppl against this bad deal 
  "We are becoming weaker as a nation the more we borrow...I want a bipartisan compromise to save money and bor…
We will have a vote this evening. And that vote will be do you care? I think it's a clear cut question. I will vote no on this bill.
This is supposed to be the body of deliberation. We're supposed to be able to stand here and deliberate what happens to our country.
 Why is speaking out - "We are destroying country w debt" -budget increases funding by $15.5 billion ABOVE Obama…
My bill would actually cap spending at 18% of GDP. We would pass a balanced budget amendment to the constitution. 
Here's the thing, we can't point fingers at the democrats. With this deal we become complicit in the debt. 
The  priority should be trying to conserve. The absolute essence of common sense is that we should only spend what comes in 
This is a terrible deal. It's irresponsible and it shows a lack of concern for our country and our debt. 
If you're a conservative there is no way you say let's give unlimited power and authority to the president. 
  "The number one threat to our national security is the debt...this deal will do nothing but explode the debt.…
The secret handshake between Republicans and Democrats goes on and Americans get stuck with the bill. 
I was elected because I was concerned about the debt. We're doing the opposite of what we should be doing. 
 during his debt ceiling filibuster! Donate $20.16 to send a message to the Washington Machine. 
Looking forward to joining on today at 1pm!
  "Liberty thrives when government is small. I want a government so small I can barely see it." 
Donate now and  -;  
Do you agree that Rand won the debate? Vote in the Drudge Poll -;  
  "Liberty thrives when government is small. I want a government so small I can barely see it." 
  tells audience he will filibuster budget deal Thursday. 
Liberty thrives when government is small. I want a government so small you can't even see it.  
Read more about my position on Social Security here:  
  mentioned ratio of workers to Social Security beneficiaries was 16:1 ; now is 3:1. He's right  
 was so right in just mentioning the changing demographics behind social security from 16 workers per retiree to …
  wants to reform social security. Here's how:  
My plan actually cuts the payroll tax. It would spread across all socioeconomic structures  
Private sector &gt; Government
I think we should examine how the Fed has really been part of the problem.  
Learn more about my tax plan here:   
  
  
  If Only the Fed Would Get Out of the Way ;  
  tax savings and growth numbers.   
  
 RETWEET if you think is winning the    
 Feds shouldn't lobby.   He's absolutely right.
We must fight to audit the Fed and restore transparency and fiscal sanity to our nation’s checkbook!  
 on the Federal Reserve: I would prevent them from lobbying congress.
 Precisely zero time in that last segment.  Nice work CNBC.    
I'm worried about bankrupting the American people.  
 
  is the only grown-up in the room: "We cannot keep spending into oblivion."  
  is right on the  — it spends more now ; *promises* to spend less in the future: 
 on debt ceiling: I'm worried about bankrupting the America. Balance keeping government open and borrowing million…
I am worried about bankrupting the American people! 
 we can't be at a party but we are standing with rand!   
I will ask every American to call congress tomorrow and say enough is enough, no more debt  
Learn more about my tax plan here: 
  talks budget deal in first moments at  "I will begin tomorrow to filibuster it."
 Rand Paul uses opening statement to blas budget deal, which "allows President Obama to borrow unlimited amounts of money…
Enough is enough. No more debt! 
 Can't wait for the debate   
 This debate will focus on the economy and taxes. should OWN this! He is the strongest on these issues. 
 wishing good luck tonight!    
      
  I  because... 
 I'm excited to be in Colorado for the  I  and I hope you do too. 
  says he's "gonna bring it all" at tonight's   
  arriving at the debate in Colorado!  
Just arrived at the debate! Let's stand up for liberty tonight!   
 Join in the fun tonight with the Students for Rand Social Media blitz!    
 Are you hosting a debate watching party? Tweet your photos to us with the hashtag  
Share your support, your pictures, and favorite moments by using  during tonight's 
 Cue the filibuster.  
 Sen. Paul: Internet Will Protect Me From Media Bias if I'm the Nominee 
  on Rubio: "I wear it as a badge of honor that I've missed very, very few votes"  
We're in Boulder for the  We're going to win this one!  
 That cool moment you see you name trying to defend liberty.  
 Thanks for chatting with live on Periscope. Watch here   
  is winning the  poll with 45%. Go vote! 
 Who will win the GOP debate? So far, readers are in camp.   
Share your support, photos, and favorite moments from tonight's  by using  
Follow for live updates from our campaign team during the 
 CU-Boulder students speak w Republican Presidential candidate at the Center for Community.  
Great to meet and talk with students at UC Boulder today! 
Tonight: The Third DebateWatch live on CNBC at 8 PM ET and follow us:  
 Oktoberfest Day 3 is here! Who's ready for the  social media blitz during the debate watch parties?! 
Get involved and visit our online Debate Action Center:  
 New video previewing the third debate 
Watch tonight's debate live on CNBC at 8 PM ET and follow along with live campaign updates: 
I will fight this deal at every step and filibuster so the American people have a chance to say enough is enough. 
 we were so excited for you to come to Denver today and we're thrilled to be working with you!  
I'm going to stand up for your right to be left alone! Let's get government out of our lives 
This crowd loves liberty! It's a packed house here at the University of Colorado Denver.  
We must be a party that stands up for the entire Bill of Rights!
Great to be packed house and we'll be starting any minute!
 Senator will be holding a rally on campus beginning at 4 p.m. at St. Cajetan Church.  
Watch my interview about the 2016 Election with it here: 
Just landed in Colorado ahead of tomorrow's debate. It's important to have fuel before fighting for liberty. 
 Last night, GW SFR members made almost 500 phone calls for   
 Join for the Rally to talk policy ; take pictures. The youth vote DOES matter! 
Are you participating in our 100 Days To Victory campaign? Send us your photos using  Learn more: 
Join me today at for the​ Rally! 
All I'm asking for is one simple thing: spend what comes in!  in NV 
  opens campaign offices in Las Vegas 
I am pleased to announce as my campaign's Texas State Chairman! Read more:  
 WOW!  members nationwide rocked it tonight. Over 40,000 calls made directly to voters!  
 It's going to be getting pretty spooky here at We decided to do some pumpkin carving 
Liberty lovers are getting ready for our Las Vegas office opening!  
Just landed in Las Vegas. We are opening our Nevada HQ tonight! I'm betting my chips on liberty.
 Phone banking here at Montgomery college SFR  
Download your Rand pumpkin stencils this Halloween!Torch-Silhouette- 
 Speaking with 2016 hopeful now.listen free: watch:  
Joining today! Listen here:  
 As Republicans head to Boulder's  here's on health care:  
 Senator joins me at 11am ET.Listen free: Watch:  
**DEADLINE: MIDNIGHT**Donate $5 or more for a chance to win a trip to next week's Republican debate! 
Only a few hours left! Donate $5 or more before midnight to enter to win a trip to next week's Republican debate! 
*LAST CHANCE* Receive two free Rand Paul oval stickers with any apparel order! Sale ends today! 
Time is running out! Donate $5 or more before midnight tonight for a chance to win a trip to next week's GOP debate! 
Receive two free Rand Paul oval stickers with any apparel order! Sale ends today! 
*Deadline: Midnight (ET) tonight*Chip-in $5 or more for a chance to win a trip to next week's debate!
*FLASH SALE* Get two free Rand Paul stickers with any apparel order! This weekend only! 
Donate now for a chance to win a trip to next week's debate. The deadline to enter is midnight (ET) tomorrow! 
Become a part of history and help produce our next campaign ad! The deadline for submissions is October 31. 
Today is the official start of our  program! Sign-up to get involved:  
*DEADLINE TOMORROW* Donate $5 or more to win a trip to next week's debate! 
*FLASH SALE* For this weekend only, get two free Rand Paul stickers with any apparel order! 
There are officially only 100 days until the Iowa Caucus! Sign-up today to get involved in  
Don't miss your chance - chip-in $5 or more to enter for a chance to join me at next week's debate! 
Looking forward to joining my pal  tomorrow on to discuss upcoming GOP debate!  
Tomorrow marks the start of our  initiative! Join us ; get involved: 
*FLASH SALE* Get two free Rand Paul stickers with any apparel order! This weekend only!
I'm visiting in New York! Might be time for DJ Rand again... 
 Sitting down with 4ET join us! 
*FLASH SALE*Get two free stickers with any apparel order from the Official Rand Paul Store! This weekend only!  
Contrary to the false media narrative our campaign is continuing to gain momentum every single day 
Pitch-in $5 or more right now for a chance to join my team at the next debate! 
  Benghazi failures happened on watch  via ; 
The responsibility of being Commander in Chief is an enormous one. We can't have anyone who is reckless. RP on 
  on Hillary Clinton's  testimony: "We do have to question her judgment."   
 When you're all in  
I appeared on CNN's New Day this morning to give my reaction to Hillary Clinton's testimony on Benghazi. Watch now!
 I'm back on the couch at noon today co-hosting with don't miss it! 
  is  TUNE IN to Channel NOW. 
  on Benghazi failures happened on Hillary Clinton's watch  
Almost show time! Tune in now to cc 
Looking forward to being on on from 12pm - 1pm! Tune in
Look who I ran into while in NYC! 
Join me for a Halloween Party in Iowa! Register here:  
I'm in New York and it's fever so I had a Mets themed donut! 
I'll be on in a few minutes. Tune in! 
Do you have what it takes to produce our next campaign ad? Click here to enter. 
On my way to tune in to at 8am as I join to discuss congressional testimony Cc:
Just landed in New York! Looking forward to seeing
 At 8amET, sits down with to weigh in on the  hearing ; discuss the 2016 race. 
Good seeing my fellow defenders of liberty!  
Win a trip to join Rand at the next debate! Click here to donate $5 or more and enter the contest. 
There are only 9 days left to enter the campaign ad contest! Click here for more information. 
Chip-in $5 to enter for a chance to join Rand at next week's debate! 
 Join for a Halloween Party in Des Moines  
Retweet if you agree, we need   
Chip-in $5 or more today for a chance to win a trip to watch the next Republican debate! 
New Hampshire Endorsements Total 325 for Rand Paul for PresidentRead more: 
We need  Order Hillary's Hard Drive - now with a wiping cloth! *Heavy Use and Non-Working* 
  continues to make gains. Another poll has him in the Top 5 - this time ahead of ; 
BREAKING: A new Quinnipiac poll confirms I have moved into the top 5 in Iowa ahead of Jeb Bush and Carly Fiorina! 
Enter for a chance to join Rand in Colorado for next week's debate! Donate just $5 or more right now to enter! 
Chip-in $5 to win a trip to cheer on Rand at the next Republican debate! 
Please follow this link to add your name and get involved: 
Sign-up today to participate in our  campaign! You can take action from any state in the U.S.A.
Win a trip to join Rand at the next debate! Click here to donate $5 and enter the contest. 
Have you signed-up for my  campaign yet? Follow this link ; get involved:  
There are only 10 days left to enter the campaign ad contest! You can enter here. 
Win a trip to cheer on Rand at the next Republican debate! Pitch-in just $5 or more right now to enter! 
With out of the race, democrats are left with a choice between socialism and corruption. Cc:
I'm counting on you to get involved ; take part in  Join us: 
Get involved in  by changing your profile picture and signing-up today:  
I'm excited to announce our  campaign! Please sign-up today: 
 . Ahead of  in latest poll!  cc:
Do you have what it takes to produce our next campaign ad? Click here to enter the ad contest!  
Have you signed up to volunteer yet? Add your name and join our growing team today! 
Paul On CNN Poll Rise: 'It's Just Part Of My Movement Upwards'Read more: 
Join me next Monday to celebrate the opening of our Las Vegas office! 
 Sen. explains why sanctuary city vote matters |  
 
 Thanks for your support!
 Turns out Rand Paul’s “dead” candidacy isn’t so dead after all | Rare 
 Happy 25th Anniversary to the love of my life, 
 New poll shows above Fiorina and Kasich! 
In case you missed it, I joined Jake Tapper yesterday to discuss my Cut, Cap, and Balance Act. Watch now!
  blasts  : 'We're lucky he wasn't president during the Cold War'  
CNN poll out this morning has my campaign leading Cruz, Fiorina, and Kasich! Help spread the word ; combat false media narrative.
Enter for your chance to produce our campaign's next ad. The deadline is October 31st! 
 “I think a ‘no-fly zone’ is actually the dumbest idea I’ve heard of all the candidates” - w/ 
 Why We Still Need Rand Paul 
 I’m excited about speaking at my alma mater, in Memphis this Friday! 
  introduces a bill to cut, cap and balance the budget  
ICYMI: I recently joined and challenged to a debate over his harmful monetary policy.
Here are some of the trip highlights from NH! You can help me spread the message of liberty: 
I had a great time in NH bowling, shooting, and meeting voters! See you again soon.  
Don't miss your chance to produce the next Rand Paul for President ad! Submit your entry today! 
 The campaign says it is here to stay."We are not going anywhere.” 
 Thanks to for hosting a town hall and engaging some of our members!   
 “We are in for the long haul. We are not going anywhere,” Paul spokesman told 
"Rand Paul wants the GOP to be the party of justice." 
Keep warm this fall and show your support for our campaign with your official Rand Paul fleece! 
 Announcing  Oktoberfest! RSVP at  today. We are  
 Great turnout for  at his Defeat the Washington Machine Town Hall in Ashland, NH.  
  I took a poll here in Ashland at 's town hall. Rand won. 
 Full house to hear speak about liberty and defeating the Washington machine.   
I don't want to be the party that adds debt a little slower. I want to be the party that only spends what comes in. 
I'm in New Hampshire today talking about the need to lower taxes. I'm embarrassed that Canada has lower corporate taxes!
"If we're looking for someone we can believe in, someone who supports the Constitution, it's Rand." 
 Not enough chairs lol standing room only  Ashland NH Town Hall Meeting 
Have you entered our ad design contest yet? The deadline is October 31 so don't miss out! 
Do you have what it takes to produce our next campaign ad? Enter our ad contest today!  
Do you agree we need  Order "Hillary's Hard Drive" ; help support our campaign! 
 Tucker's Hooksett standing room only  
Good morning, NH! It's great to be in Hooksett. Hope to see you at the next events:  
  on Syria: “I don’t think we should be allied with Al-Qaeda.”  
  The Clinton server scandal is “a carelessness that could potentially harm our national security.” 
  “The Clintons have always sort of had this aura that they think they’re above the law.”  
You watched the Live-Stream, now order the shirt! 
It's a strike! 🎳 
We're bowling in NH tonight!  
Did you support Ron Paul in 2012? Are you now standing with Rand? Help continue the revolution with this t-shirt! 
Great seeing tonight at the NH Housing Summit! 
Did you watch  Then you need this t-shirt! 
Thanks to everyone who submitted a  song request. You can see the full playlist below! 
In case you missed it, watch the best moments from 
 looks like you should support my Fair and Flat Tax Plan with a one-page tax return! 
Did you miss any of  Watch the highlights now!
Think you have what it takes to produce our next campaign ad? Act fast! The deadline for entries is October 31. 
 'Dumbass' or not,  might be the future of campaigns - 
Watch and relive the best moments of 
Former UFC champion Pat Miletich stands with Rand and so can you! Order this limited-edition t-shirt today. 
  tells college students 'I'm not here to send you to war'  
 In case you missed it, we released a memo outlining the campaign's standing. You can read it here: …
Tune in right now to I'm live with 
 visited us for an extended interview. Looking fwd to sharing it with you when posts it! 
Bring your questions, cameras, and passion for liberty and join me Saturday in NH! Sign up:  
 Liberty is booming at for the  rally! We are    
 The at  
LIVE on  Rand Paul live at Drake University for the Iowa 10,000 Tour!   
 The at Drake University are ready to  That is one long photo line 📷 
You watched the live stream, now order the shirt!   
Hard work and freedom made this country great. I want to be a part of that and I hope you do too. 
  sharing his message of freedom, peace and prosperity with the students of  
First college stop of the day at with  
We started our last day of this IA tour with a stop at Morningside College in Sioux City!  
Join me for the Iowa 10,000 College Tour this week! Register here: 
 Want to thank for speaking today and once again thank all those who came out!  
 PM Thatcher was right, liberals would rather the poor were poorer so long as the rich were less rich 
Take a look at why Lacks Credibility On Criminal Justice Reform 
 if you think Hillary’s war in Libya has only led to complete ; utter chaos. 
 
   
  
University of Northern Iowa welcomes Rand Paul!  
  seeks to rally college students around his platform:    
We're live at the University of Northern Iowa! Tune in at  
  SFR Rally was a hit. 100+ students pledged to caucus for   
Watch Rand read mean tweets and answer top googled questions about himself   
  up on the Facebook Live screen here at  
Up next on  Rand reads a few mean tweets and answers the top googled questions about himself. Watch: 
  focus today on surveillance, opposition to war ; lower penalties 4 minor drug offenses, says those appeal to stude…
  about to take the stage at Upper Iowa University for stop 3/5 on the Iowa 10,000 College Tour today! 
 About 150 people, mostly college students, event part of 11 college tour to get 10K students to 
LIVE on   at for the Iowa 10,000 Tour! 
"I think we put too many people in jail for non-violent crimes."-Rand Paul Watch live at   
We are live at Wartburg College! Tune in at  
View my speech from earlier today at Upper Iowa University:  
Chip-in $5 to help support the campaign  
Follow me tonight by using  as I live-stream the Democratic Debate. Watch some of my thoughts now!
Send in your questions for Rand as we continue to live-stream for the rest of the day  
 "I am not here to send you to war," explains after talking his views privacy ; marijuana to students
 Ahead of the debate, Rand Paul's campaign is making sure tonight isn't all about the Dems 
We're live at Upper Iowa University. Join us at  
As seen on  the Miletich Edition gear:
Hey doesn't think we're interesting. If 18 hrs of salmon swimming is big ratings, 18 hrs in Iowa could be HUGE 
 Pit stop w/ at the  Follow us on the campaign trail at   
Watch Rand Paul live on the campaign trail at   
We are live at the Field of Dreams! Tune in at  
In case you missed my speech from Loras College, view it here:  
 Great turnout for at Loras! Thanks to everyone who came!  
"If you want to go back in Iraq, there's always another Bush or a Clinton" - Rand Paul 
 Check out the enthusiasm at the Loras College  Rally! We are   
  live streaming his whole day on the campaign trail: 
 Full house for at today. Introductions beginning now. Paul wants 10k college caucus goers 
We're live from Loras College - tune in at  
 smiles while standing with supporter/former UFC champ during a campaign event at htt…
 Rand Paul is livestreaming his whole day today:  
We're back up! Catch us at  
Now playing Angel of The Night - The SteelDrivers. 
Talking foreign policy in the car with my staff. Join the conversation using  Go to  to watch the stream!
Now up: Enter Sandman by Metallica! 
We're listening to Black Water by the Doobie Brothers - tweet us your song suggestions and questions using 
Head here to order:   
Rand is taking song requests now! Tweet using 
Jammin' music across Iowa. Watch the live stream at  
Up at  ! 
 poses for a photo with St. Ambrose senior Brady Curran during a campaign stop in    ht…
Will be back up shortly! Take part in the discussion today by using hashtag  to ask qs and give commentary
 Watch be the first US presidential candidate to stream live an entire day on the campaign trail!  
Did you catch my car ride this morning? Follow us on  today and send your questions! 
We need to legalize the sale of inexpensive health insurance. YOU decide what coverage YOU need. We need market competition! 
  is up and running. Follow GOP contender on the campaign trail in Iowa via livestream today 
 ICYMI is streaming his ENTIRE day up to the Democratic debate. This AM he took song requests via Facebook 
  bringing his message of liberty to    
Government has become too big and too large at all levels!  
Why are we wasting money on this? Learn more at    
We spent hundreds of thousands of dollars studying Japanese quail on cocaine! Let it all come to a screeching halt  
I ran for office because I was sick of throwing stuff at my TV.  at  
 How about some Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers? I won't back down 
  introduces to speak at Saying he supports smaller gov ; flat tax. 
 Listening to on  being interviewed-discussing college students, debt and govt waste
 with on  for our rally in Davenport, IA! 
Rand is taking song requests for our live-stream on the road today! Submit your requests with  
 Rock'n out with and some tunes during  go to  for the Ustream  
We're live at  Interviewing with right now 
We're getting read to start  Join me on campaign trail at  
 Courting young Iowans, brings pro-Liberty message ; selfie station to Univ of Iowa  
 Are you pumped for Rand Live today? 
Join me for the Iowa 10,000 College Tour this week! Register here: 
We have a new splash page up at  for today's all day live stream. Join the conversation by using 
  says he will “live-stream an entire day” tomorrow. 
Thanks to all the of for making tonight a great event! 
Hey, someone tell this guy it's my turn to speak. 
 Over 700 students came to hear message of liberty tonight! We are   
Just in time for the Democratic Debate: Hillary Clinton's hard drive. Wiping cloth included.
 Presidential (candidate) Point of View: plans to stream his entire day over $FB  
I'm fighting to restrain the government to unleash freedom to the individual.  
I'm a different kind of R. I'm not interested in putting kids in jail who make youthful mistakes. - RP at 
  is getting ready to  
We're cruising through the fields of Iowa listening to The White Stripes.  
  is going to livestream his entire Tuesday.   
Tomorrow.  
  is going to livestream his entire Tuesday.   
 all day tomorrow including during the Democrat debate.  Tune in to see what I have to say about Bernie and Hillary!
 TECH: Rand Paul says tomorrow he will 'live-stream an entire day' 
  kicks off tomorrow, just in time for the   
More on the event for tomorrow here&gt;&gt;  
You can take part in conversation, ask questions (that I'll try ; get to some during downtime) ; let me know your thoughts using 
I will begin the day in the Quad Cities in Iowa and live-stream my day through the Democratic debate tomorrow night. 
Tomorrow I am excited to bring my message of liberty to the country as the first Pres candidate to live-stream an entire day. 
ICYMI: Rand Paul Wins Republican Liberty Caucus Straw PollRead more here:  
 OANN's Neil W. McCabe caught up with Kentucky Senator Rand Paul over the weekend in New Hampshire. The senator... 
Join me for the Iowa 10,000 College Tour this week! Register here: 
ICYMI: Here are some of the highlights from the National Convention in NH! 
Join me this week in Iowa! 
Show your support for the campaign and order a tee today!   
You can read more about my RLC Straw Poll victory here:  
 and order your campaign merchandise: 
 Who has the best organization for caucuses/conventions? shows it again, winning straw poll in NH …
 Rand Paul takes the top prize at the Republican Liberty Caucus national convention this weekend   via
Help defeat the Washington Machine! Sign up to volunteer for our campaign: 
 Rand Paul snags libertarian straw poll, Cruz gets second  
  wins Republican Liberty Caucus Straw Poll with right message and strong grassroots showing  
 Dr. has WON the  Straw poll. Congratulations Rand!  
  handily wins Republican Liberty Caucus straw poll in NH. No other candidate represents liberty lovers better!
Thanks to everyone who supported me this weekend at the Republican Liberty Caucus National Conv. We won the straw poll! Onwards to victory!
 Great news. Rand Paul wins! 
Did you support Ron Paul? Are you now supporting Rand? This t-shirt is for you! 
 Announcing the  October chapter challenge! Check out the prizes for the top 5 memberships and total phone calls. 
Gear up for fall with this official Rand Paul campaign fleece! 
Rand Paul On Bernie Sanders: Nothing “Sexy Or Cool” About SocialismRead More: 
 and make a statement by ordering this t-shirt today!
 We're here at the in NH today supporting   
 Listening to at  
 "Cut up the credit card - let's quit borrowing money" -     
 The crowd is going wild at  for 
 Room is PACKED for  
 Standing room only for Rand at the  Gives a whole new meaning to  
Check out the new arrivals in our campaign store! Order your official gear today: 
  “Why don’t we let all the spending expire and let’s start over.”  
  “I would argue we’re the best organized in Iowa currently.”  
  I wrote in book on “Hillary, your lack of defense in Benghazi should forever preclude you from higher office…
  “We need some people who are really going to stand up to the president.”  
  People are upset b/c Republicans haven’t used the power of the purse to fight back against wasteful spending ; Oba…
  wants to cut the nation's credit card  
Have you purchased a Rand Paul campaign fleece yet? Gear up and order yours here: 
Have you entered our ad contest yet? You could produce the next campaign ad! Enter here: 
Thanks for the book Helped us raise even more $ to defeat the DC Machine  
Watch and learn more about why we must 
Thanks for the overwhelming support at the Convention today!  at  
Retweet if you agree we must  
Retweet if you agree it is time we 
Washington has an addiction. They spend more than they have! It is time we  Learn more ; get involved: 
  is the one GOP candidate who can unite the existing base and build a broader tent to win in 2016. Let's win! 
Excited to be in NH again today. See you liberty lovers at the National Convention today! 
Help stop the spending in Washington, D.C. and  Learn more and get involved here: 
The spending by the Washington Machine is out of control! It's time to  Take action ; learn more here: 
Washington, D.C. has an addiction to spending and debt. Let's stop! Let’s cut off their credit card! Get involved: 
  on millennials: "I think that many of these kids are ready to come our way." 
  reaches 300 NH endorsements ; is winning the early grassroots campaign in NH.  
  will visit 2 Siouxland colleges as part of 3 day Iowa swing hitting 11 colleges.   …
 Bidding is up to nearly $8,000 in auction of Hillary Clinton's book:  
Help Rand get on the Illinois GOP primary ballot! Sign up at  and check “Canvass My Neighborhood” 
Thanks for having me on the book is doing well on ebay! send us some more copies. 
Halloween is around the corner, can I recommend a great fictional book that has some scary ideas? 
Thanks for the great work of fiction We decided to auction it, bid now: 
I'm joining on at 2:25pm ET, tune in now!
"Rand Paul Hopes Targeting These Voters In Iowa Will Lead Him To Victory" - The Blaze
"Rand Paul reaches a campaign milestone today: 300 endorsements in New Hampshire" - NH Union LeaderRead More: 
Have you bought your campaign gear yet? Check out the store here: 
  hopes targeting these voters in Iowa will lead him to victory — ; he’s launching a big tour to court them 
  not a fan of limiting students to “free speech zones” on college campuses:  
Loving the Thomas Paine quotation on my new shirt! 
All I know is to say what I believe in and I'll continue to say what I believe in. On  with
  Eminent domain is "one of the worst things that government does."  
  "The majority of Congress will go with the wind and the wind is money."  
  "I can't vote to raise the debt ceiling."  
  "Every time we've toppled a secular dictator... we've gotten chaos, the rise of radical Islam." 
We must reexamine what we are spending money on.  
I can't vote to raise the debt ceiling, that's like giving someone drunk more liquor 
 Don't miss coming up on  in the  
Just arrived looking forward to joining in a few minutes. Tune in!
 Rand Paul's auctioning off the signed copy of "Hard Choices" the Clinton camp sent him. Bidding's already at $300 
 TONIGHT: joins ; the panel to discuss foreign policy ; the 2016 race – 6p ET on  
 Rand Paul campaign is auctioning off Hillary Clinton's memoir and labeling it "fiction"  
  calls “Hard Choices” a “great fiction book.”
  on 10/9 will tour Manchester biz before heading to confab, Nashua    
  joins at 2:15 today! Listen on AM 680 or  
 It is overwhelming to see how much support has in Kentucky. is gaining huge numbers in the state. …
We are calling on all film-makers to help produce our next ad! Click here to enter:  
 Why is Rand Paul the only Republican who knows our foreign policy is crazy? | Rare 
 Don't miss tonight in  Have a question for the presidential candidate? Tweet now  
Gear up for fall with a Rand Paul fleece! Order yours today! 
 Order your Justice Never Sleeps shirt: 
Want to create our campaign's next ad? Enter here for your chance: 
Do you have a campaign T-Shirt yet? Show your support and buy one today! 
 Via % of Senate votes missed since their prez announcements:Graham: 48%Rubio: 42%Cruz: 29%Sanders:…
Think you have what it takes to produce our next campaign ad? Enter here for a chance to have your ad aired on TV: 
  on  We should arm commercial pilots  
  campaign is crowdsourcing ideas for an upcoming TV ad  
 CNN story. takes a page from Doritos. Asks supporters to create a campaign ad:  via
 Get ready for "The Iowa 10,000 College Tour!" with from October 12-14. 11 stops! Register for free here:
 Sen joins me live during 1PM ET hour. Lots to discuss. 
 Marker board bombing classrooms by night in preparation for 's visit to UIowa! 
We are calling all creative film-makers to help design our next campaign ad. Follow this link for more info: 
 Congrats to Monte Button, Kyle Ervin ; Gerald Coyne; all named to  leadership team today 
Take part in our campaign by helping create our next ad! My campaign will put $$ behind the winning entry 
Great article from on civilians with guns stopping mass shootings. 
  is running an ad contest, pledging to put $ behind winning submission. 
 Interesting: holding contest for supporters to craft a TV ad. Campaign will put winning ad in TV in Iowa.  
Creative? We're excited to launch a contest today where we'll put $$ behind your ad. Visit  for rules ; submit yours!
Gear up for fall with a Rand Paul fleece! Order yours today 
275 Strong, New Hampshire Continues To  more: 
Thanks to our supporters who submitted their endorsement videos! Record and submit yours: 
 We are proud to announce our Iowa Leadership Team, composed of co-chairs from 99 counties!Learn more here: 
 Thanks for spreading the word REGISTER to hear him speak ▶     
 NKyTribune: U.S. Sen. Rand Paul at Florence Rotary re: Federal Budget: "You can't spend money you don't have." 
With the help of co-chairs from 99 IA counties, we are on track to have the most precinct captains by caucus night: 
 LIVE on  addresses the  for Employer Support of The Guard ; Reserve Program 
 Rand Paul is the future of the Republican Party. That's why I (and countless other millennials) 
  is doing a big college swing next week in IA: 
We are proud to announce our Iowa Leadership Team, composed of co-chairs from 99 counties!Read more: 
Join me this Friday for the National Convention!  
 Inbox: announces over 100  endorsements, including co-chairs from each House district ; all 99 counti…
Help defeat the Washington Machine! Sign up to volunteer for our campaign: 
 Great day at UK game and Keeneland for parents weekend. Enjoying the president's tailgate with Dr. Capilouto! 
Show your support for the campaign and order a tee today! 

 Rand Paul Signs U.S. Term Limits Pledge  
 and order your campaign merchandise: 
We're getting ready to start the "Rally to Resist!" I hope to see you there. - 
"Senator Rand Paul will always abide by the principles of the United States Constitution."
 Announcing "The Iowa 10,000 College Tour!" Join in Iowa Oct 12-14REGISTER HERE:  htt…
Sign up to volunteer and help defeat the Washington Machine! 

We should term limit them all, fumigate the place and bring them home!Read more about my stance on term limits: 
"I stand with Senator Rand Paul because he fearlessly addresses the issues we face as a nation."
 U.S. Sen meeting w/ West Louisville biz owner Michael White about restoring felon rights. 
This tee sends the message that you  Order yours today:
 Proud to have my name on the list of elected officials supporting   

Stand With Rand against illegal NSA spying! Order your sticker now:
We have the momentum but we can't defeat the Washington Machine without your help! Sign up today to volunteer: 
ICYMI: Caucus State Leaders Endorse Rand Paul for President Follow this link to read more: 
"Rand Paul is the only candidate in this race who consistently stands up for constitutional limited government."
  gains ground:  
 Thanks for your support!
Retweet if you 
  receives key Caucus State endorsements: NV, MN, KS, UT to name a few  
I am honored to have the endorsement of so many conservative leaders from key caucus states.Read more here: 
FUNDRAISING DEADLINE: Midnight (ET)Chip-in now: 
Tonight at midnight is our most important fundraising deadline of the campaign! Donate now: 
We must finish the quarter strong and send a message to the Washington Machine! Donate here: 
 thanks Rand! Can't wait to hear you speak!  
Join me for the 2015 RLC National Convention! 
I'll be joining on in a few minutes. Tune in!
Join me for the Rally to Resist this Saturday. We must fight back against the federal government's overreach! 
 Great speech by Sen. Rand Paul!  
 Thank you for joining us today at  
Great article from on my speech yesterday. Read it here: 
 Sent in from one of our  members! Let's keep building. Join SFR at  today! 
        I agree
 LISTEN: KY Senator will join at 5:35pm EST. You can listen online here: 
Cool shirt, Jeff!You can order your own here:  
 Will be my guest at 8:35 tomorrow morning. 
  on jihadist threat: We need "more scrutiny on those who want to visit America"  
 We're just minutes away from a live intv w/ 2pm
 Rand Paul slams spending bill: It's a "steaming pile"  
It threatens the very foundation of our republic to borrow a million dollars a minute! It's time to take a stand! 
 Rand Paul on Senate floor: What is a continuing resolution? "It is a steaming pile of the same old, same old."
A continuing resolution is a continuation of the status quo! 
  has pretty clear message on Senate floor: "Status quo = Failure."
 "What we have here is a failure to communicate. What we have here in Congress is a failure to legislate." on 
I will be speaking live on the Senate floor in minutes to discuss my opposition to the short-term  Tune in!
 It's official: is in the GOP primary race here in SC. That's his wife Kelley Paul w/ chairman 
Can we get 10 donors from Twitter right now to help defeat the Washington Machine? Chip-in here: 
  'absolutely' committed to presidential race  | AP Photo 
Our crucial end of quarter fundraising deadline is approaching!  and contribute $20.16 today: 
This tee sends the message that you  Order yours now:
Wednesday is our critical End of Quarter Deadline! Have you chipped-in yet? Donate today to 
 Inbox: state Rep. Cary Condotta, R-East Wenatchee, endorses Calls him "the cure for everything that is ailing t…
 I loved sharing stories from my book with the Women's Association of Hilton Head Island today. Beautiful event! 
 "We should term limit them all, fumigate the place and bring them home." - Senator on 
  said he doesn’t believe is a true conservative.  
 Sen. stands with the 75 percent of Americans who support  on Congress. We thank you, Senator! 
Washington State Representative Cary Condotta endorses Rand Paul for President.Read more: 
Under my tax plan, you can file your return on one page.  and kill the tax code!
This polo would look great on you! Order now and support the End of Quarter Moneybomb. 
Order now to  and contribute to the End of Quarter Moneybomb! 
It's time to  and kill the tax code! Learn more at 
 to defend the entire Bill of Rights! Contribute today to the End of Quarter Moneybomb -; 
 check it out! will be hanging this in a high traffic area to spread the msg at  htt…
I was in South Carolina and New Hampshire last week. Here are some highlights from my trip! 
Trump in last 24 hours came out for government-run healthcare and higher taxes. That sounds very familiar. 
Don't like Obamacare? You'll hate Trumpcare. "The government will pay for it??" It will be bankrupt faster than his Atlantic City Casinos.
  on his poll numbers: "We have great strength that is yet to be tested ... We're in it to win it."  …
  "I will do everything to say - You know what, not one penny goes to Planned Parenthood." 
  "Conservatives are unhappy. We got Republicans elected...and nothing is changing."  
 LIVE: is in studio with Watch on 
 Over 200 students at the New England College SFR Town Hall today in New Hampshire!  
 Join me for the Richland County GOP Meeting this Monday | 
 and join me in NH for the National Convention Oct. 9th! Register here 
 Obama-Rubio plan to arm Syrian rebels is working exactly as expected. Thanks, for opposing this insanity. 
See the 8 people who've endorsed Rand Paul for President: 
Contribute here:   
Order Hillary's hard drive - complete with a wiping cloth: 
The power of the purse was given to congress. It's time we stand up and do something to cut spending!  
It looks like Batman stands with Rand because  Happy  
  “I think what you may find that the Democrat primary may be as equally competitive as the Republican primary." 
  on “A year ago, everyone thought the nomination was hers for the taking."  
  “We think we have great strengthens that are not provided by the other candidates.”  
I'm joining on  tonight! 
Buy Hillary's Hard Drive - wiping cloth included!
We ended a great trip to NH in Brookline. I'm energized and optimistic by the enthusiastic crowds today. Thank you! 
Click to see who just endorsed Rand:  
Help me defeat the Washington Machine by chipping-in to my End Of Quarter Moneybomb today:  
 Tune into Exclusive on Monday - 2pm on  
Vote now for your favorite bumper sticker. The winner will have their design signed by Rand! 
Help me defeat the Washington Machine!Donate here: 
Great report from about how is shedding light on much needed criminal justice reform. 
 Sen. on CR in 1-on-1 w/ -  “I’ve had enough and I’m not going to do it anymore" - at 530pm on
The youth vote DOES matter! Thanks to everyone who came to our Town Hall at 
 Cool kid on campus skips class to meet .  
 Rand Paul at New England College continues to hit Jeb Bush on marijuana policy.   
 leads a town hall with a packed room!   
 Amen to this. is right.  
If you're asking me if I'll vote to continue to borrow money at a million dollars a minute, not no but hell no! 
 Rand Paul on Speaker Boehner: "The Speaker just resigned. You know what, maybe that's a step in the right direction"
 "If you don't think I'm for the 2nd amendment, come to my house unannounced"  
Just stopped at Salem Town Forest to check out the scenery. Having a great time in New Hampshire today! 
Had a great time at the Granite State Indoor Range! Check my FB page for the live video recording  
  at the Granite State Indoor Gun Range.  
Catch me on today!  in NH 
Good morning, NH! It's great to be here again. I hope to see you on the next stop:  
 and order your Justice Never Sleeps T-Shirt:
8 people you didn't know endorsed Rand: 
 Join for a Students for Rand Town Hall at tomorrow! Register here: 
Join me in New Hampshire tomorrow!  and register for the events at randpaulforpresident.event... 
Stand with me to help defeat the Washington Machine! Donate here:  
Join me in Salem tomorrow to talk policy, take pictures, and discuss how we unleash the American dream! Register: 
A shout-out to our supporter for sending us his excellent video. Great work! 
Thank you again for your support yesterday in South Carolina! 
  : ‘We Need to Be Talking About Planned Parenthood’
 Yesterday afternoon visited to shake things up. Watch the highlights courtesy of 
It was a great day in SC. I put a new addition on this beautiful vehicle.  
Our bumper sticker contest is narrowed down to the final two options. Vote now to determine the winner: 
Order your Justice Never Sleeps T-Shirt today 
Thank you for your support and kind words!
 Stumping with at in Spartanburg, SC this evening! 
It's great to be in Spartanburg with liberty lovers who are ready to defeat the Washington machine!  
  presidential candidate in  WATCH LIVE: 
 It was an honor to meet and hear him speak at I  🇺🇸 
 600 students turned out to hear message at the University of South Carolina's  Rally today! 
 Thank you for coming to today!!!! 
 Huge crowd here at USC for Nearly 500 students packing the house! boom!  
 Looks like at are ready to  
  joins GOP candidate on  South Carolina tour (from 
 Correction: With growing support among students, will visit today at 2 p.m. 
I'm proud to have the endorsement of He joins and among many others: 
 Very excited to hear speak at the 
You can read more about my tax plan here:  
  and speaking to Rock Hill, South Carolina  in SC 
We have a 70k page tax code. We're chasing jobs overseas! It's time to defeat the Washington machine  
 Frustrated w/ GOP ldrshp on taxes, budget, term limits says is the man to fix GOP ; save US 
 Cong. Mick Mulvaney endorsing Rand Paul I'm Rock Hill. 
 Great crowd in Rock Hill this AM!  in SC 
  has arrived in Rock Hill and supporters are lining up for a pic with the Senator.   
  "I want government to be so small there is no influence to be sold"  
 Huge crowd forming for ; at the American Legion in RockHill. 
 So excited for this!!!     🇺🇸 
 Join us at USC today for the  Rally at 2pm! Register for free at this link:
Learn more about where I stand on foreign policy at   
Help decide our bumper sticker contest winner! Vote to decide the winner:
I'm joining on right now to discuss the 2016 race. Tune in!
 LIVE on this hour with Sen.
We've released new merchandise at our campaign store. Visit now:
 across the country  Don't miss our next college event: 
 I hope to meet you at the meeting on Sept. 28th in Columbia! 
Sorry Donald, Real Conservatives Don’t Support Government Stealing Private Property
 Ask Rand Paul anything. Live online. 9/22   
Thanks to a supporter 4sending in this graphic made from the code name I suggested in the debate  
Watch my campaign manager discuss the 2016 Election 
  is opening our doors to student supporters of Let's unite behind for liberty!  
 Sorry Donald, real conservatives don’t support government stealing private property  
 Rand Paul: Here’s how the GOP can stop government dysfunction 
Join me in the Gulch right now and ask me anything 1-on-1.  
 Rand Paul gains momentum with Michigan straw poll win  via 
 Ask anything. Live online. 9/22  
 Join me for the Richland County GOP meeting this week in South Carolina! 
Join me and in South Carolina tomorrow! Register for the events here: 
ICYMI: Here's my Op-Ed on how the GOP can stop government dysfunction. 
Stand With Rand and order your Justice Never Sleeps T-Shirt today!
 Another great endorsement for one of the smartest, most conservative members of Congress, 
I'm honored to have the endorsement of who will play a crucial role in SC! 
Our bumper sticker contest is down to the top two designs. Vote now to determine the winner! 
I wish all the best in his future endeavors. I believe Governor Walker will remain a vital voice in the Republican Party.
Thank you for your support! 
SC's Mulvaney Endorses Rand Paul for President; Calls For Shake-Up of GOP EstablishmentRead More: 
 who's going to pay for all of your "free" stuff?
 Ask anything 1-on-1 tomorrow, Tuesday, Sept. 22nd., at 4PM ET  
 US backing  GOP presidential bid (from 
We must do everything we can to save our soldiers.
Help keep the momentum from the straw poll win going!  
Last night, I won the presidential straw poll at the Mackinac Republican Leadership Conference: 
 Great weekend on for the  Congrats to my friend on his straw poll win! 
 says Hillary Clinton is partially responsible for refugee crisis 
Guess who I ran into ? Tune in to now to find out why I think she should forever be precluded from being potus 
 Paul blasts Clintons for their 'damn shenanigans'  
 After tussling with Donald Trump at the GOP debate, will be on tomorrow to discuss the 2016 rac…
 Rand Paul is a strong candidate in org contests and is positioned to overperform in caucus states across the country.  
 Rand Paul won the 2015 Mackinac Straw Poll!  Visit  for breaking info.  
 BREAKING NEWS: wins presidential straw poll at  GOP conference, capturing 22% …
I've never seen anybody so abuse their public office to enrich themselves. I think even democrats are having second thoughts
Why did Hillary need a private server? The Clinton's are up to so many damn shenanigans.
I think by her dereliction of duty, Hillary Clinton should forever be precluded from holding higher office.
Hillary approved 100K for an electrical charging station for the embassy in Vienna, but denied money for security in Libya.
Why don't our leaders in DC act responsibly? They have been there too long! Term limit them all, fumigate the place ; bring them back home.
 Why nothing changing when Rs elected? 'We don’t have people who will stand up and say enough’s enough' says 
  "It annoys me that we spend money overseas on people who hate us." 
 Senator keynote dinner speaker  
It's great to be back in Michigan! Tonight I'm speaking at the Mackinac Conference. 
Our campaign store has new gear out. Order your Rand Paul merchandise today! 
Our bumper sticker submission contest has ended. Vote today to choose your favorite design! 
 "Congress should also live under the laws it passed"  
 "I don’t want my guns or my marriage registered in Washington."  
There is no free lunch. It just means someone else is paying for it!   
The Constitution is about restraining government, not the people!   
At  talking about how we take our message to a broader audience! Live:  
 Rand Paul is addressing media backstage at the  
Help select your favorite bumper sticker design from our contest. Your vote will determine the winner. Vote now!
 Join us at  today! 
Great meeting with our grassroots leaders at the round table meeting in Greenville tonight  in SC 
Support the campaign and order your Justice Never Sleeps T-Shirt! 
Look at what the New York Times had to say about my words on Donald Trump! 
Thanks to everyone who submitted their bumper sticker designs! Vote now for your favorite  
Join our Physicians Network to participate in my campaign and become a part of the solution: 
 SUNDAY: We'll sit down with and the get the latest on his campaign, the state of the GOP race ; more.
Read more about what they are saying about Rand's debate performance! 
 Two cheers for The  senator brought the  on foreign policy ; drug policy 
 tabling today for Looking awesome guys lets rock some signups! 
Help keep my momentum going by chipping-in $20.16 today! Follow this link to donate: 
"But Rand Paul won the Republican presidential debate. It wasn't even close."Read more here: 
In Debate Showdown, Rand Paul The Only Adult on StageRead more here: 
 In   the only adult on stage. The _Kass column 
Proud to join the in Las Vegas tonight.  
 speaking at College of Southern Nevada. 
 LIVE NOW: discusses the issues that affect America with us:  
 guest lining up to attend our first  with  
 Over 300 students at the UNR Students for Rand Rally today in Reno!   
Enjoyed speaking with of the Ely Times in Ely, Nevada! 
Stopped by Ely on my latest tour of Nevada! I'm off to Vegas next   in NV 
Just arrived in Ely, Nevada! It's been a great day in the silver state. Next stop tonight: Las Vegas 
Chip-in to help keep my momentum going! 
 Students now lined up to take pictures with 
 Thanks to for coming to "Like" our Facebook/unrcr page to stay up to date with our events! 
 and contribute here: 
Today is  We must defend the Constitution and the entire Bill of Rights. Chip-in here: 
 Crowd filling up quickly at UNR for Doors opened 10 minutes ago 
Celebrate Constitution Day by making a contribution to the campaign!  
 socialism requires force, for me I'll choose freedom. 
Help celebrate Constitution Day with Rand by making a contribution to the campaign!  
Good morning, Carson City! It's great to be in Nevada again.  in NV 
 Ask anything Tuesday, September 22nd in the Gulch  
Chip in to help Rand's momentum going!  
View my highlights from last night's Republican Debate! 
 
 Unlike Trump, Rand Paul Actually Made Some Sensible Points During the Debate 
Today we celebrate  We must defend the Constitution and its entire Bill of Rights.  
Join me in Vegas for  tonight! Register:   
 Paul: "There will always be a Bush or Clinton for you if you want to go back to Iraq"  
Help keep my debate momentum going! Contribute here: 
  We should obey the Constitution ; we haven't done that in a long time.  
 "There was such a silliness and a lack of seriousness on his part...I think America is going to be done with 
  is LIVE with on  What did you think of his performance during the 
 At debate, presented best vision for GOP: not corporatism/nationalism/paternalism, but rather liberty/constituti…
 NEXT:  LIVE on
I'll be joining in 3 minutes on to discuss yesterday's debate. Tune in!
Thanks for the great support tonight -- keep our campaign going!  
Retweet if you agree that Rand is the clear winner of the  
 you're the man! Clearly owned 
  
 Do you  Vote for him in poll HERE:   
Do you  Vote in the Drudge Poll here: 
  
 Thank you, for speaking clearly and rationally about how federal drug laws harm society and violate conservativ…
 Again  is 100% right on  10th amendment 
 Thank you
Help us finish the debate strong, chip in now!  
 Thank you, for actually understanding the Middle East and presenting a rational foreign policy.
  
"There will always be a Bush or Clinton for you if you want to go back to war in Iraq"
"Boots on the ground need to be the people who live there"
"I made my career being against the Iraq war"
  "Our companies and our  are being chased overseas by a 70,000-page  code." 
You can read the tax plan discussed in the debate here&gt;&gt; 
Read more about my plan here:   
 Look at giving the candidates a constitutional lesson on the 14th Amendment. 
 
 Debate went :30 minutes without asking Rand a question. That's why we released this TV ad &gt;&gt; 
 
 
Join me:  
Rand Paul Has Led Fight to Keep U.S. Troops Out of Civil War in SyriaRead more: 
"Most interventions, if not all, in the Middle East have backfired"
 Great point by Rand Paul. You MUST keep talking to others. He invokes Reagan and Gorbachev. And he’s 100% right. 
Praise For Rand Paul’s Common Sense Foreign PolicyRead more: 
I am an eye surgeon from Bowling Green, Kentucky and spend my days defending the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. 
Last minute update from 
Heading to the debate 
 Are you team    
Chip in to support Rand -- just in time for the debate! 

Send in photos of yourself watching the debate and rooting for liberty! Use  
An update from my campaign manager ahead of tonight's debate&gt;&gt; 


 On the eve of the Fed's decision to raise interest rates,​ asks the central bank to "set markets free." 
Chip in to support the campaign and  at tonight's debate:


Shooting the tax code &gt;&gt; 
 And now - handles the 9mm 
 taking aim at the IRS code in the shadow of the Reagan Library 
Please follow for live campaign updates during tonight's debate! 
 Just arrived in Simi Valley with First stop: shopping!  
Retweet if you're excited for tonight's debate! Use  to get involved!
"If Only the Fed Would Get Out of the Way"Read more: 
I ran for office because no matter which party is in power, government and debt continue to grow.
Thanks to S.M. for sending these in ahead of tomorrow's debate 
Rand Paul to Run Ad During Debate Calling Himself ‘a Real Conservative’  
As President, I’ll make government smaller by cutting spending AND taxes. Retweet if you 
I recently joined my family for  to honor my mother as she received the Homemaker Award. Watch here: 
Please follow for live campaign updates during tomorrow night's debate.
Stand With Rand by chipping in a few dollars to support the campaign! 
Support Rand by chipping in $20.16 before the debate tomorrow night!  
Join me Wednesday night on for the 2016 Republican Primary Debate. Use  during the debate! 
In August I went to Haiti, ; met with a great place taking care of disadvantaged kids. Lets help them out 
Show your support and  on Wednesday:
 Join us at The  with Senator on 9/17 at 6 PM in Las Vegas. Register:  
Join me at for the rally this week! Register here:  
 I'll be signing my book "True and Constant Friends" at a women's breakfast in CA. I hope to see you there! 
Learn more about where I stand on regulation and other important issues at 
Join me at for the College Tour and  Register here  
Do you  Order your Debate Watch Party Kit today!  
This is a response from a veteran ; supporter of mine. Please take the time to read ;  -  
Join me in Ely to talk policy, take pictures, and discuss how we unleash the American Dream!  in NV 
  looks to students for his path to the  via 
 Rand about to present award to his mother. Tells me "my speech will be all about my mom tonight." 
It's been a wonderful night at  celebrating my mother, Carol Paul, with the family. 
 The youth vote DOES matter! Join us at  today!  
 . made sure to sign the the   
  visiting with caucusgoers at today's Iowa vs Iowa State game in Ames  
Proud to be at Jack Trice Stadium today for the Iowa/Iowa State game!   
Just wrapped up at Headed to the Iowa Corn Tent  
We're giving up our freedom at every turn. We need a candidate that supports the entire Bill of Rights  
Proud to join tonight for  to honor my mother receiving the Homemaker Award  
Talking to Marshalltown, Iowa this AM! Freedom is something most adults can tolerate. It's time to starve the beast! 
Last night I kicked off my first stop on the college tour at 
Great day in IA! Tomorrow we're continuing our tour of the state and tailgating.  
  visiting with Steve Sukup in Ames tonight post  rally  
  talking about police seizure of property w/o any charges or convictions against the owners. "We are fighting ba…
 Pretty impressive crowd for at Iowa State on a Friday night. 
  says people who live in poverty are noticing that Ds aren’t delivering on their promises “but Rs have to show u…
  on staying out of the Middle East:  "Iran’s trying to kill al-Qaeda.  Let’s buy popcorn."  
 Liberty is alive and well at Iowa State University!  
LIVE on  Live at the Iowa State  rally! 
What does it say about GOP when a 3 ; half term Gov w/ a successful record of creating jobs bows out as a reality star leads in the polls?
I welcome supporters of Governor Perry to join our campaign for liberty. Our nation needs a leader in chief: 
  shares his message of freedom, peace and prosperity with Iowa caucusgoers in Indianola  
 Less than 3 hours until tonight's event with at Iowa State University! Check back here for a livestream! 
Don't miss my Town Hall w/ tonight at Register here:  
Today, we say a prayer for those who lost their lives and their family members. You will never be forgotten. 
Which tax plan is for you? Take the quiz now! 
 With at  rally in D.C.  
  rally. thank you for standing steadfast for life.  
 "These horrific videos are making the country rethink this." - Senator on  videos 
Watch the  rally LIVE on Periscope: It's time for Congress to   
 We'll be live on Periscope at 12pm to cover the  rally featuring and our own ht…
  on  There's not enough leverage to enforce compliance  
Read more about my 14.5% fair and flat tax plan here: 
Which tax plan do you prefer: mine or Take the quiz to find out! 
Retweet if you support my plan with one low flat rate of 14.5% for all Americans! Read more:  
Unlike new tax proposal, my plan will end corporate welfare and defeat the Washington Machine. 
You can read more about my plan here: 
My low 14.5% flat tax plan will eliminate the IRS tax code. plan will keep it. 
Unlike new tax proposal, my plan would replace the IRS tax code with one low 14.5% flat tax rate. 
 I'm about to go live with on in Iowa!  
 visiting with Iowa caucusgoers at the Blue Strawberry Coffee Company in Cedar Rapids  
 Loving the selfies in our campaign app but my favorite part is the secret Galaga game. 
Join me at for my Town Hall to discuss how we unleash the American Dream! in IA 
A true plan for tax reform and getting the IRS out of your life: 
Join our Physicians Network to participate in my campaign and become a part of the solution: 
Here's an update from on her Iowa tour! 
Order our new line of Camo Gear today! 
 Loved meeting from today in Iowa! Thanks for all of your hard work. 
Compare that with my proposal which would gut the IRS and offer a 14.5% fair ; flat tax resulting in tax cuts for every single American!
I'm glad to see highlighting yet another example of how much Hillary loves to raise taxes: 
LIVE on  Kelley Paul is live in Clive, Iowa! 
  “I’d like to empower teachers, local principals, school boards, ; parents to be involved in  a…
Join me in Iowa this week for the Rally at Iowa State University!  
 is in Iowa this week! Register for the events here:  
Happy Labor Day. Comment and tell me what you're doing this Labor Day.  
 I'm just gonna leave this right here for you:  

Order your Unleash the American Dream Tee today! 
  grew up in a  Party that said  was a  ;  issue.”
  “I would eliminate the entire  code ; have 1 single flat tax for everybody”
I have written out a budget that balances in under five years and includes the largest tax cut in our history. 
  is "absolutely convinced" Washington can't be fixed until term limits are put into place: 
 Standing with Rand all the way up in Orr, Minnesota.  
Defend the 2nd Amendment and Stand with Rand—order your camo gear today! 
Join me on the 19th to take pictures and discuss how we defeat the Washington machine!  in MI 
  “I think it’s ridiculous to incarcerate someone for their religious beliefs.”  
  “Why not just privatize marriage? Have it in the churches ; people will go to a definition that they agree with.” …

   
  to hold town hall at ISU, tailgate at  game in Ames:   
Support the campaign and order your Rand Yard Sign today! 
In case you missed it, my campaign released a new app. Download it and let me know what you think!  
I am glad to see capitulated and changed course after our debate.
I spent the last few weeks making sure people knew it was not acceptable to potentially throw the next election to Hillary.
In our first debate, raised his hand in front of 25 million people to not run third party.  I called him out for it.
Search "Rand Paul 2016" on the App Store or Google Play and download my campaign's new app! 
 Good on for suing the feds over FATCA, one of the most infuriating laws on the books: 
  will sign the pledge renouncing a third party run.  
On w/ I don't think Hillary has the wisdom to be commander in chief after Benghazi ; classified email scandal!
 TODAY on  and join us. Tune in from 9 - 11AM ET on
With the debate two weeks away, purchase your Debate Watch Party Kit now! 
  on  “I think we’ve prematurely given the president a victory without announcing how badly he’s going to b…
Tune in to Fox News Friday night for a special on Planned Parenthood, brought to you by 
Just arrived I'll be joining in a few minutes. Tune in!
Download my campaign app by searching "Rand Paul 2016" on the App Store/Google Play. Send in your selfies with Rand!
  speaks at the Airport Diner in Manchester      via
 just Rand and I chillin. No big deal.   
 In Manchester's Airport Diner, says he's traveled 10,000 miles in past two weeks 
 Driving around Houston hanging with   
  
Submit your bumper sticker design now! Our contest ends at midnight:  
 Join for lunch in Clive, IA on Tuesday, September 8th.  
 Packed house at the Airport Diner for ; his message for defeating the  machine.  
 Omg I just met He's so nice!!  
  app is the greatest thing you'll see all day. Complete with  
Download our new app in the App Store and use the selfie feature! Then, send us in your photos and we'll retweet you. 
 Check out this picture of me with Rand-- campaign app has selfie feature  
Download my campaign's new app!1) Search "Rand Paul 2016" in the App Store/Google Play2) Tap download to install
 New app. You can  and take a selfie with the guy. Head to scale. 
Take a selfie with me on our new app! Download it by searching "Rand Paul 2016" on the App Store and Google Play.
Take a selfie with me on our new app! Download it by searching "Rand Paul 2016" on the App Store and Google Play. 
"Rand Paul Campaign Makes Pixelated Pitch, Through an App"Read More: 
We're in Wolfeboro, NH at Lake Winnipesaukee continuing our tour!  in NH 
Thank you to for the endorsement and the important work you're doing in New Hampshire!  
Talking about freedom, in Freedom NH this AM!  in NH 
Great to meet everyone! 
 Packed room for Rally in Maine! 
We've got some great items in our store, including this Rand Logo Tee. Don't miss out, order today! 
Thanks to everyone who stood with me in Freeport, Maine tonight! Together we can take back our country  
Our bumper sticker contest ends tomorrow at midnight. Submit your design now!   
I enjoyed my stop at in North Conway! I even bought a new sign for my house  in NH 
We have some new arrivals in our campaign store! Check out our new line of camo gear: 
  greets voters in NH before tonight's campaign rally in Maine.   
Today I became the 1st 2016 presidential candidate to complete the traditional signing of the fridge! 
We're continuing our tour of New Hampshire! Follow us on our tour:   
Hey guys! We're in Berlin, New Hampshire. Here's a quick update from the campaign trail.  in NH 
Great meeting and talking to and voters at the Water Wheel!  in NH 
 We are proud and thankful to have speak at our Summer Barbecue tonight.  
We need a President who can see clearly, so why not choose the one that knows vision the best? 
We need a national defense strong enough to deter any attack but never eager for war.  in VT
We're good on the 2nd amendment. But we need to be good on the 4th amendment and the ENTIRE Bill of Rights. 
Speaking to a packed house in Vermont tonight. 
 It was a privilege to host and so many of our community members this past Saturday at our Headquarters! 
It's a full barn tonight at the 2015 Summer BBQ!  in VT 
I'm here with discussing 2016 at the Vermont GOP Summer BBQ! 
Speaking with and in Essex, Vermont!  in VT 
It's great to be at The Whitcomb House Bed ; Breakfast with and the Vermont GOP! 
Our bumper sticker contest ends at midnight on Wednesday! Submit your design today to win:  
Keep up with recent op-eds and news on my LinkedIn Influencer page!  
I'm excited to join the Vermont Republican Party​ tonight for their 2015 Summer BBQ!   in VT
  are killin' it! Join Team Rand at  
 Last week spread the message of Liberty throughout the west. Now off to New England  for 3 day tour: VT, NH, ME …
 Audio of our interview with who touches on Trump, big tent Republicanism and more  
 We're in NH and ME this week! Don't miss the next event:  or  
Join me in tomorrow morning in Jefferson!   in NH
Please agree to chip in a contribution of $20.16 before the August 31st deadline. (7/7) 
Will you help me raise the resources necessary to convert the passion I saw on the trail this week into voters?(6/7) 
That's why I'm counting on you to chip in a contribution of $20.16 before the August 31st deadline. (5/7) 
My campaign is built for the long haul and I need your help to make sure I have the resources necessary to win.(4/7) 
These western caucus states are the critical next step after the early voting states hold their nominating contests. (3/7)
Hundreds of patriots attended each event - and they enthusiastically responded to my plan to defeat the Washington Machine. (2/7)
I've been campaigning out west this week in the crucial caucus states scheduled for March. The crowds have been large. (1/7)
I want you to make my next bumper sticker! Enter by September 2nd and you could win:  
What better way to promote liberty and freedom than by grabbing your own Rand shirt today!  
"Rand Paul touts small government, talks immigration during campaign stop in Utah"Read More: 
  in Utah today! Let's reform the NSA! (Pictured: Rand supporter at NSA Bulk Collection Bldg)  htt…
 Ellie had a fun picture with today in Orem Utah for a  event. 
Here's the chance to show off your support for a candidate who will fix Washington!  
Come meet me at the upcoming events in NH and ME! Visit  to register.  
Behind me is the NSA. When I'm President we'll turn it into a Constitutional Center to study the Fourth Amendment! 
Keep submitting your Rand bumper sticker designs! We've extended our contest until Sep. 2nd:  
Thank you Utah for the warm welcome! 
Utah loves liberty!  
  live in Orem, Utah right now. 
 LIVE on  Randpaul rally 
 Beautiful day at  here to     
Packed house in Orem, Utah! 
The constitution is not about restraining you, it's about restraining govt because it's not comprised of angels! 

Only 6 donations are needed to reach tonight's goal. Will you chip in now? 
Will 10 from Twitter donate $10 in the next 30 minutes? Help me fight the status quo: 
Will you stand with me by chipping in $20.16 or more before the August 31st deadline?  (5/5)
But I've drawn my line in the sand -- and I'm NOT going to take it anymore. (4/5)
They believe you and I will just sit back, shrug our shoulders and give up. (3/5)
That's exactly what the Big Government crowd in Washington expects you to do. (2/5)
Are we going to give up our freedom? Will we allow the constant trampling of our liberties? (1/5)
8 more donors are needed in the next hour to stay on track to reach tonight's Twitter goal. Donate now: 

I'm running for President to destroy the Washington Machine, but I need your help. Chip in now: 
It's critical that I have your support. Please chip in $20.16 or more right away:  (6/6)
Can I get 25 Twitter donations to my Next Step Fundraising Blitz by midnight tonight? (5/6)
So today, with the critical August 31st End of Month deadline rapidly approaching, I'm counting on you to help me take the "Next Step" (4/6)
If we elect another Big Government charlatan, I'm afraid our country is going to experience the disastrous answers to these questions. (3/6)
What if we don't secure our borders, repeal ObamaCare, and stop Big Government politicians in BOTH parties? (2/6)
What if we don't tackle our ballooning $18.3 TRILLION debt? (1/6)
Is it Jeb Bush's support of common core, the Iraq war, or the increased surveillance state that makes him libertarian ?
Jeb Bush said today he has "libertarian blood running through his veins" 😳
Another standing room only crowd in Casper, Wyoming!  
Just arrived in Casper, Wyoming!  
Thank you for welcoming me to Wyoming! 
TY to and for standing with me!  in Cheyenne WY 
  I'm afraid of a government that knows everything about us.  
 learns the meaning of Coeur d' Alene. White person with dreads attends his speech. I was there h…
A packed room in Cheyenne, Wyoming!  
Another packed venue on my western tour! Liberty is thriving in Idaho Falls, Idaho! 
Just arrived in Idaho Falls, Idaho!
 Meet  today in Boise!   

Want to design a bumper sticker for our campaign? Submit your design by September 2nd!  
 LIVE VIDEO: at the Nampa Civic Center 
A full house in Nampa, Idaho!  
Do you  Tell us why and submit your endorsement video today: 
Students for Liberty in Idaho! 
 Packed house for 
  on his policy: not the blatherings of a reality TV star. 
  says 1st exec. order would be to repeal O's orders, adds he'd audit the Federal Reserve and Pentagon. 
 Stressing the need to uphold the Bill of Rights says it protects minorities, whether by race or ideology. 
The Constitution isn't about restraining you, it's about restraining the government! Retweet if you agree!
A standing room only crowd at Boise State University!  
 On tax code says "let's scrap the whole damn thing." Says his simple tax code would attract business.
  takes the stage. Watch LIVE:  
  takes the stage. Talking about historical freedom of America and prosperity.  
Have lunch with in Iowa! 
 Prez Candidate Rand Paul visited HQ with Chairman ; this morning! 
 HEY all the cool people come to Boise (so you're in the right place)  
 will be streaming my rally from Boise State at 11:30 local time. You can watch live by following this link: 
 Awaiting appearance of GOP pres. candidate Rand Paul of Kentucky at BSU. Event starts 11:30 am. 
 We are live streaming 's campaign stop at Boise State. 11:30 a.m.  
 Can't wait to see today at Boise State.  
ICYMI: I appeared on Hannity last night to discuss my recent medical mission to Haiti ; other top issues of the day.
With my friend in Idaho!  
Another amazing crowd joined me tonight in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho! My friend also joined us! 
 "This is the man," says supporter at  rally. How is Rand trying to reach  liberty streak? Report
When you need to look official, what better way than by supporting Rand!  
 Come meet at Northland Dairy Bar in  Tues 9/1 11:00am RSVP:   
 Rand Paul takes the stage in  rally.  
I'll be joining tonight at 10pm ET on tune in!
 Over 700 people join in Spokane, Washington! Let freedom ring! 
 "The battle starts in our precincts"  
 700 people in Spokane, WA for biggest event of his western tour thus far.
 We're in Spokane with another standing room only crowd!  in WA 
  stops in  during campaign tour-- 
  is all set in the newsroom to be live on   
Enjoyed being in Alaska yesterday and even had a chance to be interviewed by  WATCH: 
Keep submitting your bumper sticker designs! Enter today, our contest ends September 2nd:  
Check out the latest Randcast from Campaign Manager  
I will always keep America safe, but war should be our last resort, not first. If you want war there will always be a Bush or a Clinton!
These guys brought Hillary's hard drive to the event today! Haha I love it. Get yours here:  
Why don't we become the advocates of justice? We have to defend the entire Bill of Rights.  in WA 
There is no monopoly of knowledge in Washington. In fact it's quite the opposite.  in WA 
 Thanks Rand!  
 now taking pics with supporters. Line of people waiting to shake his hand, snap shot. 
 "We have a 70,000 page tax code," says "Companies and jobs fleeing...I would scrap the whole damn thing."
 Paul talks quite a bit about civil forfeiture, due process. Says GOP should defend 6th Amndmt w equal fervor as 2nd. 
 "Can you believe the people who are going to flock to our party if we become the party of justice again," says
 Rand Paul says both parties to blame for "broken" D.C. "Everyone in Washington ought to come home ; we ought to start over…
It definitely sounds like Seattle is ready to  in WA 
It's sounds like Seattle is ready to  in WA! 
 "Hillary's war in Libya has made us less safe," says "First thing you have to do if you want to defeat ISIS, …
 It's a packed house in Seattle at 9am on a Wednesday! Great energy for liberty here with 
  rally about to begin at Town Hall In Seattle.  Almost standing room only. 
 Rand Paul supporters rally in Seattle 
 Greetings from Seattle, where I have traveled for secret meetings on the future of Joe Biden.Kidding! I am covering Rand …
 At the Rand Paul rally in Seattle.  
 What's your favorite poster we included in the CRNC chapter boxes this year? 💁🏽 
Come meet me at the upcoming events! Visit  or   
We should cut taxes, regulation, and every last bit of funding from Planned Parenthood!  in AK 
Thanks we loved your state! 
Good to see my friend on our swing through Alaska!
Thank you Alaska! The message of liberty is alive and well in the last frontier. Great crowds everywhere we went. Next stop: Seattle.
 and support a candidate who believes in liberty and freedom!
 Joining us on our trip to Alaska,  is flying with us from Anchorage to Fairbanks 
Rooting 4 my hometown team in the  tonight! Bowling Green East Little League in the World Series top 4. Great job, guys!
If we want to win again we have to be the party of the entire Bill of Rights.  in AK
I treat questions of war in a very serious ; personal way. This isn't some game of chess. War should be a last resort.  in AK
A government big enough to give you everything is big enough to take it all away.  in AK 
Taxes and regulation are chasing jobs away. So if you want jobs you have want limited government  in AK 
 Thank you for your support!
  Proud to  here in good old Fargo, ND 
 Great addition to the  lineup with 
I'm so grateful for the overwhelming support here in Anchorage! We're headed to Fairbanks now.  
The  priority of the President is national defense. I will defend the country but I am not eager for war.  in AK
We need to realize the unintended consequences of our Middle East interventions. We have to think before we act.  in AK
I promise you as long as I'm in the senate and when I'm President, I'll fight giving one dime to Planned Parenthood  in AK
We have to defend the entire Bill of Rights!  in AK 
 Standing room only here for in Anchorage!  in AK 
Deadline extended until Sep. 2! Submit your design for a chance to be featured in our store:  
via KY's fiery junior senator joined a team of eye surgeons on a mission to Haiti, giving vision to nearly 200 - 
 "Real Conservatives Stand for Private Property" by Read more: 
Good morning, Anchorage! I hope to see you soon.  in AK 
Want to design the next bumper sticker for Rand? There's still time, enter here!  
 by ordering your Defeat the Washington Machine T-Shirt today! 
Sign up at  today!    
Thanks for the warm welcome Seattle!  in WA 
Read my new piece on standing up to Big Government.  Real Conservatives Stand For Private Property 
Our bumper sticker contest is off to a great start—keep submitting your designs!  
Stopped by Bellevue Downtown Park while in Seattle area today. Join me for a rally on the 26th  
Thanks for the kind words, I'll be sure to get that moose chili while I'm in Alaska! 
I want your help designing our next bumper sticker! Head here to enter:  
Join me in Cheyenne this week to talk policy and discuss how we take our country back in 2016!  in WY 
Enter today to design our next bumper sticker! Head here:  
I hope to see you on my tour of the western states this week! Visit  to register for the events.
 Great turnout tonight for at the Iowa campaign office in Des Moines  
Follow the link to design our next bumper sticker!  
Join me in Idaho this Wednesday to talk policy ; discuss how we take our country back in 2016!  in ID - 
  stops by the student org fair at University of Iowa to support 
My statement on the decision by the Republican Party of Kentucky&gt;&gt; 
Thank you for the overwhelming support today. KY caucus is March 5th!  
I want you to make our next bumper sticker! You can do so here:  
Speaking to the crowd that came out to stand with me this morning in Frankfort. 
Arrive for RPK meeting and stopped to greet everyone out front.  Thanks for coming out! 
  firing up a crowd of Iowa caucusgoers in Dubuque, tells folks to vote   
Thanks to supporters gathering early in Frankfort waiting for Rand to arrive at RPK meeting. 
Want to help design our next bumper sticker? Follow the link to join!  
The goals of the audit are constructive and clear - to improve transparency ; ultimately make the Fed more effective 

I need your help to design our next bumper sticker! Follow this link to enter: 
Don't miss out! Celebrate my dad's birthday and help continue the revolution in style. 
Celebrate my dad's birthday in style and help continue the revolution by ordering this limited-edition t-shirt! 
 VIDEO: See Rand Paul in the operating room in Haiti. Watch to end to see eye bandages removed. 
 How To Fix A Broken Eye With  via
Celebrate my dad's birthday in style and help continue the revolution by ordering this limited-edition t-shirt! 
 
Follow this link for a photographic look at my recent medical mission to Haiti &gt; 

Please join me in wishing my father, a very happy birthday! 
Please join me in Frankfort, KY this Saturday morning at 10AM!  in KY - 
"How To Fix A Broken Eye With Rand Paul"Read more by following this link: Retweet if you 
"In the operating room, there are no politics." - 
 I spent 4 days in Haiti w/ Rand Paul, the poor people whose eyesight he restored, and a potential Paul megadonor. 
Wiped, Buy our new store item&gt;&gt; 
What do you think of my latest store item? &gt; 
Deadline to win is midnight tonight! Enter for your chance to win a piece of history!  
All it takes is $5 and this backstage debate pass signed by Rand could be yours! Enter now! 
 with covered my recent medical mission to Haiti! Read more here - 
 Rand Paul: a humanitarian in Haiti, a pit bull in 2016. My story from Haiti (broader version this weekend): 
 Fixing eyes in Haiti with 
 Yes, We Interviewed Rand Paul in an Eye Exam Chair. Here Are 7 Things We Learned. 
 How To Fix A Broken Eye With 
Interested in scoring a Rand Paul signed backstage pass from the debate? Here’s your shot&gt;&gt;
Time is running out—Donate now to win an autographed backstage pass from the debate!  
Don't miss out! Enter to win a signed backstage pass from the  Chip-in before midnight Wednesday 
Here’s your chance to grab an autographed backstage pass from the    
Thanks for your support! Head here to get your gear from the official campaign store:  
I'll be speaking about championing individual liberty ; taking our country back @ the 44th Annual BBQ in Idaho Falls! 
Contribute $5 or more now to enter to win an autographed backstage pass from the debate!  
Join in Dubuque, Iowa this Saturday!   
Chip-in a few bucks and you could win an autographed backstage pass from the first debate!  
Score a Rand Paul signed backstage pass from the first debate! Deadline ends Wednesday at midnight! 
Join me in Anchorage, Alaska and let's take our country back in 2016!  in AK 
 Don't miss in Iowa August 22nd! Hear why he's standing with Register here: 
Win an autographed backstage pass from the first  Chip-in $5 or more to enter! 
Order a collectable game used baseball signed by Rand Paul ; help support the campaign! 
We're recruiting young people from across the country to join Get involved at  
Don't miss out! Order a collectable game used baseball signed by Rand Paul! 
"Rand stands ready to lead, and to win. He has my full support. I ask that he also have yours." | Sign here 
Have you signed your Pledge of Support? Add your name:  
 "Rand is the ONLY one in the race who is standing up for your Liberty, across the board." Add your name: 
A Rand Paul T-shirt shows off that you believe in a candidate who supports freedom and liberty!  
Will you join the movement? Add your name here:  
 
I leave for a medical mission in Haiti this weekend. It’s one of the most incredible things I get to be involved with 
It's time to show off your support for the candidate most willing to defend the Constitution!  
  to Join the official Rand Paul for President student group here:  
“We can catch terrorists, we can protect ourselves, and still have our freedom.”Read more here:  
 is doing great work for liberty. This supporter video is an inspiration! Join: 
I urged voters not to give up liberty for security at my Town Hall in Nashua on Wednesday!  in NH 
 Join in Dubuque on August 22 and hear why he's standing with  
Join me in Fairbanks, AK to discuss how we take our country back in 2016!   in AK 
 GOP must become the "party of tomorrow"  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
 ICYMI here's a quick clip from Senator Town Hall in Nashua! Starve the beast! 
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
Do you stand with Rand on the Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy? Add your name to show your support  
Do you stand with Rand on the Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy? Add your name to show your support  
Do you stand with Rand on the Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy? Add your name to show your support  
Do you stand with Rand on the Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy? Add your name to show your support  
Do you stand with Rand on the Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy? Add your name to show your support  
Do you stand with Rand on the Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy? Add your name to show your support  
Do you stand with Rand on the Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy? Add your name to show your support  
Do you stand with Rand on the Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy? Add your name to show your support  
Do you stand with Rand on the Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy? Add your name to show your support  
Do you stand with Rand on the Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy? Add your name to show your support  
Do you stand with Rand on the Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy? Add your name to show your support  
Do you stand with Rand on the Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy? Add your name to show your support  
Do you stand with Rand on the Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy? Add your name to show your support  
Do you stand with Rand on the Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy? Add your name to show your support  
Do you stand with Rand on the Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy? Add your name to show your support  
Do you stand with Rand on the Fourth Amendment Right to Privacy? Add your name to show your support  
Our veterans deserve nothing less than our complete dedication to the defense of the Bill of Rights.  
Every Rand Paul supporter needs to look official every now ; then—pick up the perfect polo for that!  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
I'm running for president so the next generations can make the most out of their lives in ways they see fit. 
America needs term limits for its elected officials. Add your name to stand with Rand  
"He [Rand] wants the government to follow the Fourth Amendment it has sworn to uphold"
Last stop on this tour! This trip has been wonderful and I'm thankful for such enthusiastic support here in NH 
 He will  :)  
I took a quick break at before my last stop in NH. Love the parks here!  in NH 
See highlights from my speech in New Hampshire. It was great speaking at the Politics ; Eggs breakfast.
Congress should read every bill and live under the laws they pass. Let’s seek a new direction!  
Great stop in Somersworth, NH this morning! I signed some boots and a sign that says "Come back with a warrant" 
 Good ad "New Rand Paul Ad Hits Trump For Past Pro-Democratic Party Statements" 
To restore America, we cannot dilute our message or give up on our principles  
Defeat the Washington Machine with a proven conservative—Retweet if you agree  
What a great way to end day 2/3 on our latest tour of NH! Thank you to everyone who came to my Town Hall in Nashua. 
Civil asset forfeiture goes against everything America stands for. We should end it entirely.  in NH
We need a President who will actually limit government, end corporate welfare, and fix the tax code!  
To fix Washington, we can’t have business as usual. Join me to seek a new vision  
We borrow money from China for our daily expenses. That would be like borrowing money for groceries. Needs to stop! 
In cased you missed it, watch highlights from my speech yesterday in New Hampshire. Click here: 
 "Packed house" doesn't quite describe the scene here for in Nashua, NH. The line is well out the door! 
Donald Trump: "Hillary Clinton is a terrific woman." He was liberal before he was conservative.
Trump was liberal before he was conservative ; openly professed for decades that his views are those of a Democrat.

Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire! Chip-in $3 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire! Chip-in $20.16 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire! Chip-in $3 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire! Chip-in $20.16 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in Pennsylvania! Chip-in $3 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in Pennsylvania! Chip-in $20.16 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in Pennsylvania! Chip-in $3 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in Pennsylvania! Chip-in $20.16 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in Iowa! Chip-in $3 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in Iowa! Chip-in $20.16 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in Iowa! Chip-in $3 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in Iowa! Chip-in $20.16 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in Ohio! Chip-in $3 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in Ohio! Chip-in $20.16 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in Ohio! Chip-in $3 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in Ohio! Chip-in $20.16 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
BTW, here's the ad doesn't like and responded to on
I heard falsely attacked my stance on the military on Here are my views on national defense
We’ve got new gear in our store. Grab a limited edition baseball jersey signed by Senator Paul today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in Ohio! Chip-in $20.16 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
The Second Amendment is an important part of the Bill of Rights we must protect!  in NH 
Great to meet everyone at in NH today! Don't miss my Close Up interview w/ airing on Sunday 
I'm talking policy ; taking selfies in NH! We still have more cities to visit ; voters to see:  
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in Colorado! Chip-in $20.16 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
Rand is leading Hillary Clinton in Colorado! Chip-in $3 to show your support ; stand with Rand today! 
I'm in NH discussing the importance of a realistic and smart foreign policy. Our veterans deserve nothing less. 
Great start to day two on our latest tour of NH! I met w/ the Cheshire Co. GOP then stopped by Lindy's Diner in Keene 
The last time the United States was debt free was 1835. That's ridiculous. We shouldn't spend more than we take in.  in NH
Good morning Cheshire County, NH! It's great to be with liberty lovers ready to limit gov and starve the beast! 
Shop our campaign store and check out the newest item—a limited edition autographed baseball!  
We wrapped up day 1/3 on this NH tour in Claremont with a wonderful crowd and engaging questions. Thank you everyone! 
When you shrink the size of government you increase the size of the market. Let's starve the beast!  
Click here to see my top 6 quotes from the first debate:  
Visit our campaign store and check out the newest item—a limited edition autographed baseball!  
Mayor Ken Merrifield gave me a tour of Franklin, NH! It's great to see this city thriving.  in NH 
Maybe I should just let him debate himself...Trump Open To Continuing Taxpayer Funding of Planed Parenthood  
Great day in NH! We're here until Thursday. Visit  and meet me at the next stop!  
I enjoyed speaking with voters today at Corner View in Concord! Someone even had my family cook book!  
  on being called spoiled brat: "My kids all work min wage jobs. Do you think Trump kids have been working at …
It's great to be at Riley's Gun Shop in Hooksett, NH. The 2nd Amendment is a fundamental part of our country! 

Thank you for having me at  
 Senator speaks to a packed room at  
 Good morning! We have a packed house for today's  with Senator  
If we want to win again as republicans we need to be more boldly for what we're for. That means limited government.  in NH
I'd audit the Fed. I'd audit the Pentagon. I'd audit it all because spending is out of control!  in NH
We're scaring jobs away. The tax code is scaring business away. We need to simplify the tax code  in NH 
It's great to be in NH again! I'm here at Politics and Eggs in Manchester. Watch it live:  
  Hillary, Clinton Foundation Should Be Investigated  
My campaign is excited to introduce the first official Rand Paul for President Podcast. Listen to Episode 1 below!
 Retweet if you agree that is a fake conservative!Read more from Op-Ed: 
It's time to  on Trump's fake conservative record! I'll join tonight on at 8pm. Don't miss it!
Looking forward to joining on the O'Reilly Factor at 8pm on Tune in to hear why I think Trump is a fake conservative!
 Don’t fall for a fake conservative! Read full Op-Ed on Donald Trump here: Please Retwee…
Donald Trump is showing he isn’t suited to lead the country, and I think we all need to discuss why.Read more: 
Are conservatives really willing to gamble about what Donald Trump really believes in?Read more: 
I honestly have no idea what Mr. Trump’s real philosophy is. He was liberal before he was conservative. Read more: 
Donald Trump is showing he isn’t suited to lead the country, and I think we all need to discuss why. Read my Op-Ed 





I'm in New Hampshire this week. Register here:  I hope to see you there!  in NH 
  on  We have to look at everything across the board, and everything in Government needs to be smaller. 
  on  I want to dramatically lower rates like Reagan did…my tax plan gets rid of the payroll tax 
On I came out of the tea party movement and we were upset with fake conservatives, well that's Donald Trump!
So many Republicans in Washington aren't for tax cuts. I'm for the largest tax cut in history.  on
I'm on today talking 2016, Trump, my tax plan, and NSA record collection. 
I don't think we should reward vulgarity. I don't think vulgarity equates to insight. 
 Rand Paul opens fire on Trump at campaign stop 




 Think you're annoyed by Donald Trump? Rand Paul can't believe he's losing the Tea Party to this guy  …

Tune in tomorrow am to 
Retweet if you agree: Perot gave us Bill Clinton ; Trump will give us Hillary!
Perot gave us Clinton. Trump will give us Hillary. 
 
 ‘Wake up Republicans!’ – Rand Paul Rails Against ‘Chameleon’ Donald Trump  via
  in Goose Creek, SC, calls Trump a "chameleon... He's been on every side of ever issue" 
We are kidding ourselves to even consider someone who is such a chameleon that he’s been on every side of every issue. Wake up America!
 We're off to the Live Free or Die state of NH next week! Come meet and take all the selfies 📷 Don't miss it 
 thanks for your support and great drawing!  
It's been a great few days in SC! Don't miss the next events:   in SC! 
 Proud to rep at the Rittenhouse Farmer's Market in downtown Philly!   
 I heard you love my tax plan more than swimming in Blue Bell ice cream. That's one heck of an endorsement.
 Chris sits down for an exclusive with on this week's  
Great cartoon! Thanks for submissions. Use  to send yours in. 
Great drawing from about the  exchange! Send in yours using  
It's a full house this morning at the Berkeley County GOP!  in SC 
Another came in from Instagram! Send in your drawings of the debate exchange w/Christie. Use  
Great work in little time ! Please keep the drawings of debate exchange coming. Use  
 Over 400 people showed up to have breakfast with on Saturday morning in Goose Creek, South Carolina! 
Can you draw? Send us your impression of my defense of the Bill of Rights during the debate. Use  
 Which team are you? "" for or "Favorite" for 
 We're in SC today and tomorrow! Don't miss the next event: 
  on “I’m horrified that we can consider someone who buys and sells politicians.” 
 Chris Wallace on  “Sen. hit the ground fighting last night.”  
Join the movement   
I have some thoughts on and tune in tonight to at 8pm ET!
Looking forward to joining Chris Wallace on the O'Reilly Factor tonight at 8pm ET on Tune in! cc:
Join the movement  
Full House in Laurens! It might be Friday, but folks are out in full force supporting liberty!  in SC 
I stand for the Bill of Rights. tramples over the Constitution. Vote for who you stand with here  
I stand for the Bill of Rights. tramples over the Constitution. Vote for who you stand with here  
I stand for the Bill of Rights. tramples over the Constitution. Vote for who you stand with here  
I stand for the Bill of Rights. tramples over the Constitution. Vote for who you stand with here  
I stand for the Bill of Rights. tramples over the Constitution. Vote for who you stand with here  
I stand for the Bill of Rights. tramples over the Constitution. Vote for who you stand with here  
I stand for the Bill of Rights. tramples over the Constitution. Vote for who you stand with here  
I stand for the Bill of Rights. tramples over the Constitution. Vote for who you stand with here  
I stand for the Bill of Rights. tramples over the Constitution. Vote for who you stand with here  
Who do you stand with on the Bill of Rights? Vote now: 
The results are in -- Rand Paul won the first GOP debate! Chip in $20.16 now to keep the momentum going  
Arrived in South Carolina! They even have a chain saw for me to destroy the current tax code  in SC 
We can fight terrorism and protect the Bill of Rights.
 will fear monger and violate your Constitutional rights.  And for what? 
In GOP Debate, Paul Goes on Offense: 
 disregard for the Constitution sets a dangerous precedent ; ignores wisdom of our Founding Fathers. 
Thanks for the support in the 1st  I'm in SC today and tomorrow. Then I'm off to NH!  See you there.
 After  making campaign swing through South Carolina (from  
Post-debate update from campaign manager 
 on collecting phone records.  
  We cannot give away money we don't have. We do not project power from bankruptcy court.  
 ICYMI: Senator hits a 'Rand Slam' in Cleveland   
  at the  
 What wants you to remember from tonight.  
  in his closing statement: "I'm a different kind of Republican"

The results are in -- Rand Paul won tonight's debate! Chip in $20.16 now to keep the momentum going  
 if you agree Rand won the first  
Why Is Rand Paul “The DNC’s Top Target”?   Read more here: 
"I am the only candidate who leads Hillary Clinton in 5 states that were won by President Obama. I am a different kind of Republican."
I stood for 10 hours on the Senate floor to defend your right to be left alone. 
The 4th Amendment is what we fought the revolution over.  
Rand Paul Stands With Israel!   Watch to learn more: 
 RAND RAND RAND RAND!   

Israel is a great ally. We CAN NOT give away money we don't have.
We shouldn't borrow money from China to send it anywhere and need to eliminate aid to our enemies. 
We need to quit sending money to countries that burn our flag!


When the government tries to invade the church, it's time to resist. 
I don't want my marriage or my guns registered in Washington! 
Rand Paul Is Leading The Fight To Defund Planned ParenthoodRead more here:   
VIDEO: Opening exchange with Donald Trump  
Rand Paul Opposes Weak Nuclear Deal With Iran. Read more here:   
You have to negotiate from a position of strength. I would have never released sanctions before there's consistent evidence of compliance.
I oppose the Iranian deal and will vote against it. 
  
 Watching win the GOP debate.  
Vote in the poll atop Drudge for who won the debate tonight&gt;&gt;  
 - Thanks for protecting our  rights!  
Keep sending in photos of yourself watching the debate! Use 
 MUST WATCH! and get into a HEATED debate over the collection people's records 

RETWEET if you support the 4th amendment! 
I am proud standing for the Bill of Rights and I will continue standing for the Bill of Rights!
I want to collect more records from terrorists but less records from innocent Americans! 
Can you believe Donald Trump won't commit to support the Republican nominee........unless it's him?
In case you missed the opening exchange with &gt;&gt;  
 Sen. Rand Paul comes out swinging in the  
 Rand Paul on ISIS    I'm the only one who will not fund ISIS  
 I  during the  
Rand Paul Warned That We Were Inadvertently Arming ISIS in Syria ; Iraq--And It Happened. Read more:  
We must stop funding ISIS and arming ISIS. 
I am the leading voice in America for not arming the allies of ISIS. ISIS rides around in a billion dollars of U.S. Humvees.
Only ISIS is responsible for terrorism and depravity. 
 I like how went right for it
We need a nominee who isn't hedging their bets. 
 Samford University student who loves to  
Last minute advice? 
Are you watching tonight's debate? Chip in $20.16 now to show you   
 I stand with because he stands for liberty, free markets, and the Constitution.    
Green room. 
Our next First Lady has some thoughts before the debate 
Keep sending in your photos. They're encouraging!  
Help Rand during the  Follow these simple steps 
 I  in tonight's  
 National  meets  and a makeshift button  
 1st time voter making some calls for before the      
Pre-debate phone calls from our New Hampshire office !  
 As for me and my household, we shall  for tonight's  
Help Rand during the  Follow these simple steps  
 You got this  
 Getting ready to  during tonight's    
Change your profile picture to show that you  and follow our live updates here:  
send us your pictures wherever you're watching the debate! If you have rand stickers/shirts on, even better. 
    Petoskey, MI 66 degrees and sunny.... 
Help Rand during the  Follow these simple steps  
  
 Happy debate day   
An update from my campaign manager who's outside the green room in Cleveland  &gt;&gt;  
 and make sure to check out our Debate Action Center for live updates of the  
Sign your name if you   
Want to help Rand during the  Follow these simple steps  
 Got this just in time for the debate tonight  
I will embrace being different at tonight's debate.  
Ready for the  tonight?  and follow along through our Debate Action Center 
Watch a pre- debate handicapping by Congressman J.C. Watts&gt;&gt; 
Great connecting with supporters before tonight's  
Show you  for tonight's debate by chipping in $20.16 now  
 This came just in time! Wouldn't you agree,  
Are you excited for the   and follow along on our Debate Action Center 
 Changing my profile picture just for today.  
Please take pictures of yourself watching the debate, if you're in Rand gear... Even better! Tag us or use 
Tonight.  
More photos from the walk through 
Pre-debate walk through! 
Are you ready? Follow along for our live  updates here:  
 if you are excited for the  tonight! Make sure you follow along on our Debate Action Center 
Prepare for the first GOP debate tonight by shopping the Rand Paul store  
Are you excited for tonight's  RETWEET and change your profile picture to  
 told me this morning says there is good news in the polls, citing recent NH poll where he was beating Clinton.
I'm ready for the  tonight but it looks like I'm already winning ;) 
 Do this! So excited for tonight! :)   
 Please show your support for during tonight's  by changing your profile picture!  
Be sure to follow my campaign's official account for live updates during tonight's 
Tonight. 9 PM ET. Fox News Channel.  live updates here: 
  on tonight's  Our job is to "point out, maybe there are some empty suits without ideas"
 tells we need to mix it up. Talking about the 
  on live from Cleveland: "I plan to mix it up tonight at the debate!" 
 I think there needs to be a voice of reason. -- on foreign policy strategy 
 Presidential candidate up early with us this  day 
  plans 2-day New Hampshire swing next week;     via
It's vital to have a good meal before tomorrow's debate and this is just the appetizer!  
Please sign your Republican Debate Mandate to let me know you're standing with me in tomorrow’s debate: (7/7) 
I can't defeat the Washington Machine without you. (6/7) 
But I'm not taking anything for granted! That's why I need you to please sign your Republican Debate Mandate: (5/7) 
Not with polls showing me leading Hillary Clinton in key swing states like Colorado, Iowa, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and New Hampshire. (4/7)
...plenty of members in both the media and my own Republican Party who would love to diminish my campaign. But they can’t do it. (3/7)
With the field set, I know one thing is certain: For daring to stand up to the Big Government status-quo in Washington there are... (2/7)
The first of nine scheduled Republican presidential debates is set to kick off tomorrow in Cleveland. (1/7)
 BREAKING: a new WMUR poll has leading in New Hampshire 45%-43%. Read more: 
Retweet if you 
RETWEET if you're excited for tomorrow's debate! 
How are you preparing for tomorrow's debate ? Who will you be watching with? See some local watch parties here&gt;&gt; 
Don't miss out! Be sure to follow my campaign's official account for live updates during tomorrow's debate.
 Harrison, you can order a 'Detroit Republican' t-shirt on our online store:  - Staff
Please be sure to follow my campaign's official account for live updates during tomorrow's debate.
Join me and Laurens County Councilman Stewart Jones in South Carolina! Register for the event here - 
Tomorrow. 
 judged my chainsaw skills! Here's the ad:  Here are the judges:  
  plans 2-day NH campaign swing next week; town halls in Claremont, Nashua;     v…
Join me Thursday on for the Republican Primary  Use  to post about the debate. 
Join me for breakfast in South Carolina this week! Register for the event here - 
Thank you for the important work you do with 
ICYMI: I joined on to discuss my efforts to defund Planned Parenthood. I will keep pressing on.
 announces campaign event in Goose Creek 9am Sat. The GOP candidate for president will be at the American Legi…
 TUNE IN ... weighs in on the Senate failing to pass the bill to defund 
 Sorry I missed y'all.  I was down here in DC fighting to defund Planned Parenthood. See you soon!
  speaks about his work regarding the  Watch forum live:  
 answers "How do you define your political philosphy?" --    
  "I'm a different kind of Republican."
Oops I obviously meant I've been spending the last few weeks fighting to defund Planned Parenthood but I'm happy to defund Obamacare too.
Wish I could be in NH for  but I was in DC leading the fight against I'm joining via satellite! 
Go to  and  
Voting to defund Planned Parenthood now, please chip in to help me continue fighting the Washington Machine. 
Vote to defund Planned Parenthood in about an hour, please call your Senators at (202) 224-3121 and urge them to stand with me.
Vote to defund Planned Parenthood in about two hours, please call your Senators at (202) 224-3121 and urge them to stand with me.
I hope to see you in South Carolina on Friday!Register for the special event here - 
My campaign is $15,506 shy of our $200,000 goal. Will you chip in today? (5/5) 
After you call your Senators, please chip in a contribution of $20.16 today. (4/5) 
Please call your U.S. Senators at (202) 224-3121 and urge them to "Stand with Rand" and vote to defund Planned Parenthood. (3/5)
Will you help flood Capitol Hill with phone calls urging Senators to strip Planned Parenthood of every last dime of taxpayer funding? (2/5)
The vote on my bill to defund Planned Parenthood takes place tonight. (1/5)
If my colleagues would rather stand with Planned Parenthood than the American people, they'll pay a severe political price. (8/8)
With Congress' power of the purse, this is one fight you and I can win -- even with President Obama in the White House. (7/8)
So with time running out, please help me reach our $200,000 goal: (6/8)
I believe just a handful of votes will decide the fate my bill to defund Planned Parenthood tomorrow. (5/8)
Who will stand with the American people, and who will stand with Planned Parenthood’s selling of aborted baby body parts for profit. (4/8)
Tomorrow when the U.S. Senate votes on my bill to strip Planned Parenthood of every dime of taxpayer funding, you and I will find out: (3/8)
She discussed how to use special care when aborting babies to preserve their organs for sale -- all while munching a salad (2/8)
Planned Parenthood's leading abortionist discussed how to skirt federal law to perform partial birth abortions. (1/8)
Join me for a Pints for Liberty event in Columbia, SC this Friday! Register here - 
 and I are keeping the people of  in our thoughts and prayers. Please stay safe during Typhoon Soudelor.
 With just days left before the first debate joins exclusively this Sunday on  
 Paul ad scrambles Planned Parenthood  via
Watch me slam the tax code and offer solutions in Iowa today!  in IA 
 A line of at least 100 people getting book signed. (It winds around a hallway you can't see.) 
 Illinois is country! 
 Full house for in Niles, Illinois! Right outside Chicago. 
 Randmentum in a GOP suburb of Chicago 
Packed house in Niles, Illinois! Let's turn Illinois from blue to red in 2016!  in IL 
On my way to Niles, Illinois had to stop by as soon as I saw the sign! Join me at 3pm  
  speaking at the worlds largest truck stop this morning. I-80 Truck Stop, Walcott, Iowa  
Last chance! Enter to win a ticket to the first GOP debate before the midnight deadline! 
9 are needed by 12:00 AM to reach tonight's  Money Bomb goal. Donate now: 
Midnight deadline! Enter to win a ticket to the first GOP debate! 
Chip in $10 in the next half hour to help me  Time is running out! 
Don't miss your chance! Enter to win a ticket to the first GOP debate before midnight (Eastern Time) tonight. 
Watch my new TV ad exposing baby body part scheme, then donate to get it on the air:  
8 donors are needed in the next hour to stay on track. Will you chip in to  
Help me run my brand new ad urging taxpayers to support my bill to   
Can I get 25 from Twitter to chip in $20.16 to my  Money Bomb tonight?  (7/7)
It will also help me run my brand-new TV ad in the days leading up to the vote. But I need you to act now:  (6/7)
Your generosity will help me contact even more Americans ; mobilize them to turn up the heat on Senators before the August recess. (5/7)
Will you chip in $20.16 or more right away to give us the best chance to finally strip of every dime of our tax dollars? (4/7)
That's why I'm launching an immediate DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD Money Bomb to help me turn up the heat on my allies in Congress. (3/7)
And the Abortion Lobby is fighting back with everything they have to ensure they keep their bloody hands on our tax dollars. (2/7)
Time is running out. The U.S. Senate's vote on my bill to  will come down to the wire. (1/7)
 Rand Paul campaigns in Davenport, his 14.5% flat tax rate taken form behind him 
Just arrived in Davenport, Iowa. These liberty lovers want government out of their lives! 
Do you  Order your Debate Watch Party Kit today!  
Don't miss out! Enter to win a ticket to the first GOP debate before midnight (Eastern Time) tonight. 
Time for lunch in Iowa! Casey's has some great pizza.  in IA 
Just arrived in Williamsburg. Here to spread my message: I want to give power back to the states and to the people! 
Time is running out! Enter to win a ticket to the first debate before midnight (Eastern Time) tonight. 
Order your Debate Watch Party Kit today!  
Let's lower taxes, create jobs and shrink the federal government!  in IA 
Good morning, Waterloo! It's great to be back in Iowa  in IA 
  meeting with caucusgoers this morning in Waterloo 
 Sen. Rand Paul calling for Hilary Clinton to return Planned Parenthood donations. has the exclusive: 
Just landed in Iowa! Good to be here again!
No debate watch party is complete without the Rand Paul watch party kit! Order yours today  
After signing, chip in $20.16 or more to help put it on the air:  (4/4)
Please watch the video, then add your name as a Citizen Co-Sponsor right away:  (3/4)
My campaign team has prepared a brand new TV ad to urge taxpayers to take action and support my fight. (2/4)
I'm leading the fight in the U.S. Senate to  once and for all. (1/4)
Check out my interview with on defunding Planned Parenthood - 
Join me in Iowa this Friday and Saturday! Register for the events here - 
 Earlier this week we hosted meet and greet w in Georgetown. She'll be a great FLOTUS !! 
Yesterday I spoke at the  Rally in DC about defunding Thanks to
 is heading back to the Midwest 
ICYMI I joined last night to discuss my proposal to defund
Join me on TV today at 12:45p ET for an update on the effort to defund Visit  for listings.
  "We're going to try to takeaway every last penny of tax payer dollars" from  
I want to thank our hard working NH volunteers for their dedication and growing our network! 
I'll be joining tonight on at 10pm to discuss my continued effort to defund Planned Parenthood.
You and one friend could win tickets to the Cleveland GOP debate next week! Donate now to enter  
 Thanks to KY State Senator for hosting me in Georgetown this afternoon! 
 Great having in Thanks for sending her !! 
 NEW: live on says he'll fight to defund  by August  
 at Planned Parenthood rally: Senate will vote on defunding Planned Parenthood before we go home in August. 
  calls for to return money she's received from Planned Parenthood 
 Sen. Rand Paul says Senate will vote on ending Planned Parenthood federal aid before August break: 
I think the time is now to defund. Nobody argues it's not difficult but we're going to do the best we can. 
We should stop, once and for all, any money going to panned parenthood! It's time to take a stand. 
Today we take a stand. I have good news. The senate will vote on defunding planned parenthood!  
Today I call on to return money she's raised from Planned Parenthood!
Join me in Iowa this Friday and Saturday!  in IA - 
Order the t-shirt Rand Paul wore as he sawed, chipped and burned the IRS tax code last week  
I hope to meet you in Waterloo, Iowa this Friday! Register here - 
 was a pleasure having you Senator - thanks for making time to answer the questions America's veterans want ans…
I want to thank for having me in South Carolina today. It was an honor speaking to you and answering your questions.
 Sen proposes common sense at Defend ; Reform Town Hall.   
If I'm President my first responsibility will be to defend our country ; take care of the people who defend our country  in SC
I have a proposal. Why don't we quit sending foreign aid to countries who hate us?  in SC 
About to take the stage at the Defend ; Reform Town Hall Series:  
 Live coverage of Rand Paul's town hall meeting on News 2 midday in less than 20 minutes  
 Crowd builds ahead of appearance at veterans event. WATCH LIVE:  
 Join me in Winchester, KY tomorrow! | 
Meet in KY on Tuesday and join me in IA Friday and Saturday! Register here:  
 Presidential hopeful and Kentucky Senator Rand Paul has launched a series of ads on Snapchat to reach young voters: 
 . on  I think this will come back to bite her
 . on   I want to get rid of the whole tax code
. thinks she's above the law and is different from all the rest of America!
I want to get rid of our current tax code which is driving American jobs ; American companies overseas! Let's Pass my plan, 14.5% flat tax!
If exchanged emails with US ambassador to Libya from non govt email, she might have broken rules.
On President Obama's govt is looking into whether  broke laws regarding classified info, not just GOP
  on  I’m a different kind of Republican. I’m a republican who can win the independent vote. 
As I told I will go places where no republican has been going. I'll keep reaching out ; doing my part to grow the GOP
On When you poll my candidacy against we beat her in five states won by President Obama
 hopes constituational commitment will help him stand out in big GOP field for   htt…
MUST-READ: details my trip to Warren,  via  
Beautiful night in Tilton,  where we discussed defeating the Washington Machine w/ term limits ; balanced budget 
Great crowd in Littleton,  As President, my job won't be to accumulate power, but to give it back to the people! 
1st candidate to visit Warren,  ; 1st to sign the Thompson Pledge. I vow to shrink govt, reduce debt ; lower taxes 
I'm tired of voting for "less bad."  Instead, we should be boldly for conservative principles!   
Don't miss Cashin' In today at 11:30am with on You decide how you want to kill the tax code! 
Have you seen me destroy the tax code? Watch Cashin' In today at 1130am w/ on  
 Rand Paul launches ads on Snapchat about the tax code 
Stand with Rand today and order your limited-edition autographed copy of "Taking a Stand"  
Stand with Rand today and order your limited-edition autographed copy of TIME! 
 joins Sean on the effort to defund Planned Parenthood NEXT 
 Join me next Tuesday in Georgetown, Kentucky! Register for the event here -  
Join me in New Hampshire this weekend! Register for the events here:  
Order your limited-edition autographed campaign sign today! 
Join me in New Hampshire this weekend! Register for the events here:  
 JC Watts speaking w IA caucusgoers at in Pella about why he supports 4 President  
Join me in New Hampshire this weekend! Register for the events here:  
 JC Watts speaking in Des Moines about plan to Defeat the Washington Machine  
Join me in New Hampshire this weekend! Register for the events here:  
Order your limited-edition autographed eye chart today! 
Thousands of you voted and 67% chose to kill the tax code with a chainsaw. Enjoy the video and please retweet!
Stand with me to defeat the Washington Machine  
Stand with Rand to defeat the Washington Machine  
Contribute $5 now to stand with me and defeat the Washington Machine  
Contribute $5 now to stand with Rand and defeat the Washington Machine  
Contribute $5 now to stand with Rand and defeat the Washington Machine  
Contribute $5 now to stand with me and defeat the Washington Machine  
Contribute now to Stand with Rand and defeat the Washington Machine  
Stand with Rand to defeat the Washington Machine  
Stand with me to defeat the Washington Machine  
Stand With Rand today and order your limited-edition autographed copy of TIME! 
Stand With Rand today and order your limited-edition autographed copy of "Taking a Stand"  
Stand With Rand today and order your limited-edition autographed yard sign! 
Stand With Rand today and order your limited-edition autographed iPhone 5 case! 
Stand With Rand today and order your limited-edition autographed United States Constitution! 
Stand With Rand today and order your limited-edition autographed eye chart! 
Tune in tonight to on at 10PM! I discuss the importance of defunding and my new tax ad 
Join me in New Hampshire this weekend! Register for the events here:  
We're getting some great results! The chainsaw is winning at 71.29%. Did you go to  and vote? 
Thank you to all the NH volunteers making calls for my upcoming  trip. Learn more at  
 Former Congressman JC Watts will travel to Iowa on Friday to campaign on behalf of for President. 
Join me in New Hampshire this weekend! Register for the events here:  
 Wondering where you can meet Visit our page  or  
 Rand Paul takes a match to the tax code. And a wood chipper. And a chainsaw. Watch: 
 glad you like my video on destroying the current IRS tax code! How would you kill it?  
What other ways would you kill the tax code? Tweet back and I just might film a video doing so. See more at 
 is right. I really, really, don't like the tax code. 
How would you kill the tax code? Woodchipper? Chainsaw? Fire? You decide. VOTE by visiting 
 WATCH: Rand Paul kills the tax code with a chainsaw  
Vote at  
 New video out from Rand Paul on flat tax. He uses a chainsaw, fire and more to "destroy the tax code" 
 Watch Rand Paul chainsaw the tax code—for liberty  
 worth the click: ad "How Would You Kill the Tax Code?" -- burn, chipper, chainsaw - filmed at HQ 
How would you kill the tax code? RETWEET and VOTE by visiting 
How would you kill the tax code? With a chainsaw? With a woodchipper? Burn it? Vote here &gt;&gt; 
How would you kill the tax code? With a chainsaw? With a woodchipper? Burn it? Vote here   
Find out what Rand Paul is up to this morning at 9:40AM in an exclusive interview with 
I'm prepared to the lead fight to  but I need your help: 
Don't miss tomorrow's exclusive interview with at 9:40AM! 
Not one penny of your money should fund disrespect for human life. Help me fight to  
It's time to force the issue. Demand a vote to   (3/3)
Why haven't we heard anything from Hillary Clinton on these horrific acts? (2/3)
Where is the media on the sale of baby body parts by Planned Parenthood? (1/3)
The pro-abortion media are working to sweep the scandal under the rug. Fight back:  
Don't miss tomorrow's exclusive interview with at 9:40AM! 
After signing, please chip in $20.16 to help me get this petition in front of as many voters as possible:  (6/6)
Will you stand with me in the fight by signing your  petition right away?  (5/6)
It made my stomach turn, but I'm more determined than ever to lead the fight in Congress to end this madness. (4/6)
In the video, top doctor explains how they harvest aborted babies' organs and sell them for profit. (3/6)
Americans were sickened by the release of video footage featuring chief abortionist last week. (2/6)
I'm not taking "no" for an answer. I'm going to pull out all the stops to force a vote on my amendment to  (1/6)
Join me in Lebanon this Saturday! Register for the Town Hall event here:  
It's great to be in Texas with so many supporters and spending time with my family! 
I don't always see eye to eye with But I honor his service and the sacrifices he made for our country.
I want to thank my supporters in Solon for coming out to the Beef Days Parade today!  in IA 
 wants to be "the first president who doesn’t grab more power" but gives it back to the people ht…
 Beating means bare knuckle fighting  says. Clintons 'don't play nice.' via 
  calls for "hardball" against the Clintons: “We have to go head to head, knuckle to knuckle," he says.
 After pivoting to discuss metadata collection, calls for right to privacy: "We should not give up on it so easily."
  gets huge cheer after saying he wants to be "the first president who doesn’t grab more power" but gives it back t…
 After a video from his wife, takes the stage in Houston. "Anybody here from the leave-me-the-hell-alone coalit…
   
 A large crowd is here to  in Houston 
 Rand Paul may hold up highway bill over Planned Parenthood  | Getty 
 Senator in Houston!  
  Less government. More freedom.  
 Packed crowd as we wait for   
Great day to be in Houston, Texas! Ballroom is filled with lovers of liberty who want to be left alone by the govt! 
 Thanks to Deborah Duncan for having me on 
 With a rally this afternoon in Houston, is making his first campaign trip to Texas as a 2016 candidate: 
 will be joining this morning at 9:30am CT on tune in!
Join me today in Houston at 3PM! 
Deeply saddened ; disturbed by the shooting in  My thoughts ; prayers are with the families ; Marines taken from us today.
Proud to have the support of Rep. in my run for the presidency. 
 Purchase a copy of my book, "True and Constant Friends" here:  
Sign if you agree: 
 U.S. Rep. has the title of "co-chairman" of  campaign, suggesting there could be more …
Proud to announce the addition of Tom McMillin ; Chuck Yob as co-chairmen of my Michigan Grassroots Leadership Team. 
 THIS JUST IN: Ex-Mich. Republican Committeeman Chuck Yob ; to co-chair  "Grassroots Le…
  presidential campaign taps former state Rep. Tom McMillin, Chuck Yob as state co-chairs.
Congress must feel the pressure. Will you sign your "Defund Planned Parenthood" petition now? 
They're the ones with a record of supporting partial-birth abortion by keeping taxpayer dollars flowing to Planned Parenthood. (2/3)
I believe that if Republicans stand strong for life, we can finally put Democrats on the defensive for their pro-abortion record. (1/3)
 First up on Meet the 2016 Spouses: wife Kelley on Free Trade, Smartphones ; Jay-Z  
Planned Parenthood must be defunded after the horror revealed today. Add your name if you agree: 
Where is the media storm over the selling of babies' body parts? It's time to defund  (2/2)
Where are the hard-hitting questions for pro-abortion Democrats on their support for this kind of madness?  (1/2)
It's time to take a stand and END taxpayer funding for Planned Parenthood! Add your name:  
If you agree, I hope you'll sign your "Stand for Life: Defund Planned Parenthood" petition immediately:  (7/7)
It's time for pro-lifers to take a stand. It's time to defund Planned Parenthood. (6/7)
Despite their best efforts, I doubt our national media will succeed in covering this story up. But I'm afraid that's not enough. (5/7)
A direct quote from a video showing top doctor describing how she performs late-term abortions to sell body parts for profit! (4/7)
"We've been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that, so I'm not gonna crush that part." That's a direct quote. (3/7)
The callous disrespect for human life revealed today sickens me. (2/7)
It's time for the American people to demand Congress take action. It's time to defund Planned Parenthood! (1/7)
The proposed agreement with Iran is unacceptable because: (3/3) 
The proposed agreement with Iran is unacceptable because: (2/3) 
I'll be in Houston this Friday talking about economic freedom! I hope to see you in there:  
The proposed agreement with Iran is unacceptable because: (1/3) 
It also lifts the ban on selling advanced weapons to Iran. Better to keep the interim agreement in place instead of accepting a bad deal.
The deal is bad because 1) sanctions relief precedes evidence of compliance2) Iran is left with significant nuclear capacity 2/2
The proposed agreement with Iran is unacceptable and I will vote against the agreement. 1/2
I'll be joining tonight at 10 PM ET to discuss the top issues of the day. I hope you'll tune in!
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
The President is limited to two terms. It’s time to limit Congress. Stand with me  
The President is limited to two terms. It’s time to limit Congress. Stand with me  
The President is limited to two terms. It’s time to limit Congress. Stand with me  
The President is limited to two terms. It’s time to limit Congress. Stand with me  
The President is limited to two terms. It’s time to limit Congress. Stand with me  
The President is limited to two terms. It’s time to limit Congress. Stand with me  
The President is limited to two terms. It’s time to limit Congress. Stand with me  
The President is limited to two terms. It’s time to limit Congress. Stand with me  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington Machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington machine and take our country back! Join me today  
It is time to defeat the Washington machine and take our country back! Join me today  
 ideas about Uber and Lyft are out of touch. We need more innovation, not less.
Services like Uber, Airbnb, and Lyft stimulate our economy and work towards lower prices. How is this bad
America shouldn't take advice on the sharing economy from someone who has been driven around in a limo for 30 years.
  has lunch with children from Russell neighborhood. "What's your favorite thing about school?" he asks. 
Thanks for the New Hampshire tax payers support in winning The Taxpayers Picnic Straw Poll with 39.4%! 
Liberty lovers, click below to record your Rand Paul for President endorsement video. 
Day 2 stop 6! Thanks for coming out to listen to my plan for Economic Freedom Zones today Flint!  in MI 
"I support b/c he'll return our nation on a path towards prosperity..." - 
"I stand with Rand because he stands with the American People." - State Rep. Tom Barrett 
The Bill of Rights isn't about restraining you. It's about restraining government.  in MI
We need to elect someone who believes gov should be smaller, constitutional, and won't spend money we don't have.  in MI
We need to maximize liberty and minimize government. It's simple.  in MI 
Good morning Shelby Township! Thank you for having me in District 10. Let's unleash the American Dream  
 Presidential candidate talks tax reform, criminal justice on first Michigan stop  via
Brendan, Wesley, and Chuck stand with Rand! Do you?Submit your endorsement video today  
It's been a great first day in Michigan! Thanks to Mayor Windom, our welcoming hosts and everyone who came out today. 
ICYMI: I appeared "On The Record" last night to discuss my plan to end federal funding for sanctuary cities.
Join me in Michigan! I'll be talking about destroying the tax code:  and watch for my new ads 
  "We have to have cities and states that obey the law."  
 

I'll be "On The Record" tonight with at 7 PM ET to discuss border security. I hope you'll tune in! 
I'm pleased to announce the endorsements of 25 New Hampshire leaders and activists.  
RETWEET if you agree our border security laws should be enforced! 
The laws on the books say we should have a secure border, and we don’t. Existing laws need to be enforced. 
Since 1986, there was a promise we would enforce the law on border security. We’ve done squat. 
Breitbart: Rand Paul Calls for an End to Sanctuary Cities 
  "The existing laws on immigration need to be enforced. They are being laughed at in cities such as San Fran."
I hope to see you in Dewitt, Michigan this weekend! Register for the event here: 
 This is me- literally standing with Rand.From the Iowa office grand opening. 
 discussing the right to be left alone in Denver, CO on 6/30/2015 
 Thank you for having me speak, Hopkinsville Club! I greatly appreciate all the hard work done for families. h…
We will fight to defend the entire Bill of Rights!  and visit  to join ... 
I hope you will join me and for happy hour this Saturday! 
"Paul ranks as the DNC's top target"Read more ; please retweet: 
Research from shows I am  target. Will you help me fight back?   
New research from shows that I am  target. Help us fight back &gt;&gt;  
Congratulations World Cup Champs !  Great game, made us all proud!   
Good luck, 
ICYMI: Watch for an exclusive Independence Day message from Senator Paul.  - Team Rand 
Last chance! Order your limited edition Independence Day bumper stickers for only $7.04 before midnight tonight! 
ICYMI: Try this Independence Day-themed word search 
Thank you to my supporters in Merrimack! I hope you're all having a great   in NH 
See if you can complete this word search in under 2 minutes 
Happy Independence Day!  Please watch and retweet! 
Don't miss out! Order your limited edition Independence Day bumper stickers for only $7.04 until midnight tonight. 
How fast can you finish this word search? Challenge your friends this July 4th 
Happy 4th of July! Thank you for standing with me, Amherst NH. Enjoy your parade!  in NH 
Please watch for an exclusive Independence Day message from Senator Paul.  - Team Rand 
Order your limited edition Independence Day bumper stickers for only $7.04 until midnight tonight! 
Happy Independence Day! Have you completed this word search? 
Kelley and I want to wish all of you a happy Independence Day.
Kelley and I want to wish all of you a happy Independence Day.
Kelley and I want to wish all of you a happy Independence Day.
Do you  Submit your endorsement video ; be the star of our next web ad  
How fast can you find all 13 words? 
Special Offer: order your Independence Day bumper stickers for only $7.04 until midnight tomorrow! 
Get your  bumper stickers for only $7.04 while supplies last! Offer ends at midnight on July 4th! 
Do you  Submit your endorsement video ; be the star of our next web ad  
Do you  Submit your endorsement video ; be the star of our next web ad  
Try the Independence Day Word Search and reply with your score. 
Order your Independence Day bumper stickers for only $7.04 while supplies last! Offer ends at midnight on July 4th! 
See how quickly you can find all 13 Independence Day-related terms. 
Order your Independence Day bumper stickers for only $7.04 while supplies last! Offer ends at midnight on July 4th! 
"Rand Paul’s Tax Liberation Is A Road To Prosperity"Read more ; please retweet: 
"Rand Paul, The Most Frugal Lawmaker Of Them All"  Read more here: 
I want to thank the Lang family for inviting me to their farm in Brooklyn, Iowa today.  in IA 
Celebrate Independence Day with these collectable bumper stickers! Available for a limited time only! 
What I say is that none of your records are any of the government's business!
Hello Cedar Rapids, Iowa! Thank you for coming out today.  in IA 
 From last night. Me with our next president,  
Thank you for standing w/ me in Dubuque! It was great to speak with you and discuss issues.  in IA 
No more giving your money to special interest favorites in DC! Let's keep your money in Dubuque.  in IA 
Good morning, Dubuque! 
Day 1 of 2 on the IA tour was a great success! Thanks to all who came out today. Visit  
Celebrate American independence with your collectable Rand Paul Bumper Stickers! Offer ends July 4th!  
Celebrate American independence with your collectable Rand Paul Bumper Stickers! Order here:  
Celebrate independence and liberty with these collectable Rand Paul Independence Day Bumper Stickers! 
What we need is someone who will lower taxes. Keep the money at home and don't send it to Washington! 
Thanks for having me Parks Marina in Iowa today! 
Celebrate American independence with your collectable Rand Paul Bumper Stickers! Order here: 
The presidency shouldn't be about gaining power but giving power back to the people.  in IA
I looked at the tax code, all 70,000+ pages of it, and said let's scrap it!  in IA 
Celebrate independence and liberty with these collectable Rand Paul Independence Day Bumper Stickers! 
Had to make a stop for a cookies'n cream ice cream cone from parlor in Le Mars, IA. 
In the ice cream capital Le Mars, IA speaking w/ Dennis Morris of  Next stop: ice cream parlor 
Thanks for the artwork, Justine!  in IA 
 Don't miss the rest of our events in Iowa today and tomorrow! Go to  for details
Thank you for helping us race past our $1,000,000 goal. I'm humbled ; honored to have your support. 
  begins his  stop with a photo shoot with fans   
People ask me why I got into politics. I was sick of throwing things at my TV!  in IA 
Celebrate American independence with your collectable Rand Paul Bumper Stickers! Order here:  
 See you this afternoon!  Looking forward to hearing you speak and hoping to meet you!
Celebrate independence and liberty with these collectable Rand Paul Independence Day Bumper Stickers! 
We are and should be, the party of the entire Bill of Rights.  
Was a pleasure meeting with former CO State Senator ; our CO Campaign Co-Chairman Scott Renfroe yesterday in Denver! 
Where are jobs better created, in Washington DC or Iowa? Let's have that debate with Democrats.  in IA 
We shouldn't be sending any money to any countries that persecute Christians!  
Good morning Council Bluffs, Iowa!  
We reached tonight's goal! Thank you for all your support throughout my End of Quarter Push.
I'm only 7 donors away from tonight's Twitter goal. Will you chip in before midnight? 
Don't let the media decide our Republican nominee. Flex your grassroots muscle by donating $10 in the next 30 mins: 
The first FEC reporting deadline is just minutes away. Contribute to help before midnight: 
9 donations are needed in the next hour to keep on track. Will you chip in now? 
Help me show that my campaign has the grassroots muscle it take to win. Donate now:  
Thank you for making today a great day, Denver! We hope to see you again soon. 
Twitter, can I get 30 donations before midnight? Please chip in $20.16 or more right away:  (6/6)
Let's fire a shot across the bow of anyone who thinks the choices in this election are "inevitable." (5/6)
I know if we allow the press to anoint a candidate from the mushy middle our party will lose our third straight Presidential election. (4/6)
The media wants to push a narrative that 2016 will be contested between yesterday's candidates squabbling over "whose turn it is." (3/6)
There are only a few more hours before the June 30th FEC reporting deadline and time is running out. (2/6)
I need your help to reach our $1,000,000 goal by donating to my End of Quarter Money Bomb before the clock strikes midnight. (1/6)
  and have some pretty sweet Instagram accounts. Check them out here. 
 WATCH: Our piece on   and the CTO leading the digital effort 
You can be a minority because of the color of your skin or the shade of your ideology.  
If politicians won't listen to you, I think the only thing we can do to save our Republic is limit their terms! 
I think we need to be more boldly for, what we are for! 
 Here's the setup for in Denver. He's at Chopper's sports bar near Cherry Creek Mall.   
Denver, Colorado is getting ready to  Great crowd 
Celebrate independence and liberty with these collectable Rand Paul Independence Day Bumper Stickers! 
Celebrate American independence with your collectable Rand Paul Bumper Stickers! Order here: 
 Noted presidential historian Doug Wead joins campaign. He's one of the best in the biz. 
ICYMI: What tax policy experts are saying about my plan 
I'm in Las Vegas ; I have with me our tax code, all 70,000 pgs of it. Time to scrap the whole thing ; start over! 
It's 108 degrees in Mesquite, Nevada but that won't stop these folks from taking a stand against big government! 
The Fair and Flat Tax plan would give the American economy a much needed boost. These tax experts agree! 
A smart tax system must turbocharge the economy and pull our country out of the slow-growth rut of the past decade. 
I'm so grateful to everyone who came and packed the house at Star Hotel and Restaurant in Elko, NV today. Thank you! 
It's great to be in Elko, Nevada! Tonight I'll be in Mesquite and Las Vegas. Nevadans love liberty! 
Great meeting the people of Elko, Nevada! 
I hope to see you in Denver on Tuesday! Register for the event here: 
 "To protect our rights we must understand who granted them and who can help us restore them."  
I want to thank for introducing me today in Reno and for the important work she does in 
Government has to grow smaller! We'll starve the beast! 
Great crowd in Reno, Nevada today!  
 Welcoming back to Nevada as he makes stops in Reno, Elko, Mesquite ; Las Vegas. Use  to post/share pictu…
The room is filling up for our Reno event. Everyone is ready to  
I don’t want my guns or my marriage registered in Washington!  Read my full OpEd here: 
Only 8 more donors are needed to reach tonight's goal. Contribute $20.16 now: 


Enjoyed meeting the  winners! They came up with a great idea on how to enhance ; protect online privacy. 
The FEC reporting deadline is only 48 hours away. Donate now to help me turn in a strong report: 
 is getting ready for our event in Reno tomorrow! We hope to see you there  
If the media had their way, it'd already be decided. Help send them a message: 
8 donors are needed in the next hour to stay on track. Chip in now to help me reach tonight's goal: 
I've proven I'm unafraid to take on the Washington machine. Will you be in my corner?  
Can I get 30 Twitter donors tonight? Chip in $20.16 right away:  (6/6)
So I need to count on you to chip in a contribution to my End of Quarter Money Bomb before the June 30th deadline. (5/6)
They want to write the story that this election will be fought over "whose turn it is." (4/6)
With polls showing me leading Hillary in swing states like OH ; PA, the press will pull out all the stops to diminish my candidacy. (3/6)
If the media picks a candidate from the mushy middle to be our party's nominee, 2016 is destined for disaster. (2/6)
With just over 48 hours left before the deadline for my End of Quarter Money Bomb, I'll get right to the point. (1/6)
 Winning  team is  Enroute to see 
Final presentation to the judges as we get closer to announcing the winner at the  
After 24 hours of coming up with great ideas, teams are presenting their creations to the judges.  
 is still going strong. Now the 7 teams are presenting what they worked on to the judges! 
Good morning, Reno! I hope to see you at my event tomorrow. 
 9pm PDT.  Still very lively here at for   Comradery FTW.  
 Now that there's a break in the press madness, people are getting down to some serious hacking. ht…
What do you think they'll come up with?  What solutions would you like to see? 
Our liberty minded programmers, designers, and software engineers are ready to  
I hope to see you in Denver on Tuesday! Register for the event here: 
 Look who just arrived to the  and 
Today's hackathon is an opportunity for people to work together and create solutions. I'm proud it's a part of my campaign 
Programmers, designers, data analysts in a room for 24hrs, let loose to innovate for the cause of privacy and liberty 
&lt; 2hrs until  starts! CTO is running the 1st ever presidential campaign hackathon for liberty and privacy!
Only 7 more Twitter donors are needed to reach tonight's goal. Have you chipped in yet? 
Can I get 10 from Twitter to join the movement to take our country back? Donate $20.16 right away: 
I've proven I'm serious about defeating the Washington machine. Join me in the fight today: 
I need 7 more donors in the next hour to stay on track. Will you chip in now? 
Polls show I'm the strongest candidate against Hillary. But, I need your support. Donate now:  
The June 30th FEC deadline is fast approaching, please chip in $20.16 right away:  (7/7)
But I need your support to become our Republican nominee and take on Hillary Clinton in 2016. Can I get 30 Twitter donors tonight? (6/7)
While some in my party may want to wave the white flag, I am more determined than ever to fight for total repeal of ObamaCare. (5/7)
I'm in this race to defeat the Washington Machine and repeal ObamaCare 100%. As President I will make this my mission. (4/7)
But they are missing one thing... (3/7)
They believe this election will be a fight over whose turn it is to manage the Big Government mistakes of the past. (2/7)
The liberal media is popping the champagne corks. After yesterday's ruling, one outlet declared: "Obama's healthcare legacy sealed." (1/7)
I hope to see you in Iowa soon! Visit  for more information.
I'm grateful for the endorsements and support of public officials, business leaders, and activists in New Hampshire - 
I hope to see you in Denver on Tuesday! Register for the event here: 
  tax plan is very smart:- 1st $50k of income: 0% tax- All other income: 14.5% tax- Eliminates 7% tax on work…
Justice Scalia got it right! "Words no longer have meaning if an Exchange that is not established by a State is "established by the State."
As President I would make it my mission to repeal  and propose real solutions for our healthcare system. 
This decision turns both the rule of law and common sense on its head. 
I'm joining on in the next few minutes to react to the Supreme Court decision. Tune in!
 I'm proud to know that (Kentucky Senator ) wrote about my story in his book. Thanks Mr. Paul 
Thank you, Twitter! We reached tonight's goal, but it's not too late to chip in if you haven't yet. Donate here: 
Only 9 more donors are needed to reach tonight's Twitter goal! Will you chip in now? 
Can I get 10 from Twitter to donate $10 in the next hour to help reach tonight's goal? 
Help me become the Republican nominee to take on Hillary Clinton in 2016: 
8 donors are needed in the next hour to stay on track. Chip in $20.16 now: 
A smart tax system must turbocharge the economy and pull America out of the slow-growth rut of the past decade. 
NH volunteers hard at work contacting  Voters! 
The next FEC reporting deadline is Tuesday. Help me turn a strong report:  
I'll be in Nevada next week. I hope to see you there! Visit  for more information. 
Please chip in a contribution of $20.16 to my End of Quarter Money Bomb right away:  (6/6)
Let's prove to the media that the grassroots are behind me. Can I get 30 donations from Twitter tonight? (5/6)
Do I have the grassroots muscle to win? I need your help to make the answer to that question a loud and clear "YES!" (4/6)
And with polls showing me leading Hillary Clinton in CO, IA, NH, OH, and PA there is one question on everyone's mind... (3/6)
A strong fundraising quarter will fire a shot across the bow of anyone who believes the Presidency is determined by whose turn it is. (2/6)
The press is ready to write the stories about "inevitable" candidates and their special interest big bucks. (1/6)
Looking forward to joining tonight on at 7pm. Tune in to hear about my tax cut proposal! 
My tax plan will create two million new jobs and grow the GDP 10% over a ten year period. Read more about it here - 
Here's what tax experts are saying about my Fair and Flat Tax plan: 
Tax experts agree that my Fair and Flat Tax plan would give the American economy a much needed boost. 
I'll be in Nevada next week. I hope to see you there! Visit  for more information. 
"I am an evangelical minister and I support Rand Paul" Read more here:  
Join me in Des Moines for the opening of my new campaign office on July 2nd! 
 "There is a simple answer to gov't overreach. It's called the Constitution." Taking A Stand, Ch.9
 Very interesting new plan Senator.. congrats on thinking "out of the box" for American taxpayers!  
ICYMI: I joined on Cashin' In to discuss my new tax plan. Watch it here 
 Wonderful meeting with you 
 Watch my exclusive with on his proposed  - today at 2pmE! 
Honored to meet SSG Dallas Robinson. He's helping employ veterans with the Homegrown By Heroes project. 
"Rand Paul dominates the GOP Field on Facebook" 
From Bloomberg "Rand Paul Leads Republicans on Facebook in Early States" 
ICYMI: My Father's Day tribute to 
Have you read my new book, "Taking a Stand"? Check it out 
My dad taught me that nothing in life comes easy and it takes hard work. 
I want to give Americans an over $2 trillion tax cut. Help me by clicking here:  
I have always admired my father's genuineness and honesty. 
 genuine, dedicated, hardworking, honest 
My plan is a flat 14.5% tax on individuals. Please WATCH and then DONATE here:  
Happy Father's Day,
My plan is the biggest and boldest tax cut in American history. Help me make history:  
My flat tax plan boosts GDP 10% over the first 10 years. WATCH:  
I want to give Americans an over $2 trillion tax cut. Help me by clicking here:  
Thank you for coming to see me and today in Bowling Green! Your support means so much to us. 
 You fired up? Louder!! Cashinin starts in 5 Rand Paul is here dishes on his HUGE tax cut, Trump, Jeb, Hillary. And an inte…
My plan is the biggest and boldest tax cut in American history. Help me make history:  
My flat tax plan boosts GDP 10% over the first 10 years. WATCH:  
I want to tear up the tax code and give Americans an over $2 trillion tax cut. Help me here:  
My plan is a flat 14.5% tax on individuals. Please WATCH and then DONATE here:  
Join me and in Kentucky this morning to celebrate our new books! Event details here: 
I'll be Joining at 1130am ET on to discuss how my tax proposal will benefit you!  
Help me drive a stake through the heart of the IRS. Sign your name, then chip in $20.16 right away: 
My "Fair ; Flat" tax plan isn't going to make me popular in DC. I need your help.  
Tear it up. Blow it up. Start over. That's my plan for a "Fair ; Flat" tax for all Americans. Are you with me? 
Let's drive a stake through the heart of the IRS! Add your name, then chip in:  
 thanks for having on your show tonight to discuss my tax cut proposal!
Then chip in $20.16 to help me put my tax plan in front of as many voters as possible in key early states:  (12/12)
I'm running for President to flip DC upside down and Defeat the Machine. So please, sign your "Fair and Flat Tax NOW!" petition. (11/12)
I understand my plan is bold. But, I'm not interested in nibbling around the edges of "reforming" Washington. (10/12)
Provide a real economic stimulus to our economy by exploding the GDP by almost 10% over the first 10 years. (9/12)
End corporate welfare and special tax breaks, eliminating the army of lobbyists and tax lawyers gaming the system. (8/12)
Eliminate the headaches in filing taxes by allowing every taxpayer to file a 1 page return with a low ; fair tax rate of 14.5%. (7/12)
My tax plan would end the workers tax: I will end the FICA payroll tax, the largest tax for many working Americans. It goes to zero. (6/12)
That's why I'm proposing to put the Washington Machine on a diet by enacting the boldest ; biggest tax cut in U.S. history. (5/12)
If the Washington Machine's tax ; spend policies aren't stopped, our economy will slide further down the rut of the last decade. (4/12)
A tax plan that puts over $2 TRILLION back in our pockets, creates at least 1.4 million new jobs ; turbo-charges our economy. (3/12)
My Fair and Flat tax plan will be the centerpiece of my first term as President of the United States. (2/12)
I'm ready to drive a stake through the heart of the IRS -- and trash all 70,000 pages of the outdated, confusing tax code. (1/12)
Tomorrow I'll join on at 11:30am ET! Tune in as we discuss my bold tax cut proposal, Hillary ; 2016 
Two successful surgeries completed today thanks to the help of and Dr. Laxmaiah Manchikanti's center. 
My plan is the largest tax cut in history and eliminates the workers tax! Donate here: 
My plan returns nearly $2 trillion to American families in the first 10 years. Donate here: 
My plan boosts GDP 10% over the first 10 years and eliminates the workers tax! Donate here: 
My plan is a flat 14.5% tax on individuals and it eliminates the workers tax! Donate here: 
My plan is a flat 14.5% tax on individuals and it eliminates the workers tax! Donate here:  
He was functionally blind now he's smiling bc his vision is back. TY 4 help w/ the pro bono work today 
 Best op-ed by I've ever read: 14.5% flat tax. Sensible, bold, specific, articulate. 
 FINALLY! A candidate willing to take on Washington Machine ; drive stake through the heart of the IRS 
 The Biggest ; Boldest Tax Reform in US History ■ Simple ; Fair ■ FLAT TAX ■  2016 
Join me and in Kentucky to celebrate our new books! Event details here:  
My plan is a flat 14.5% tax on individuals, but goes even further by completely eliminating the workers tax. WATCH: 
My plan boosts GDP 10% over the first 10 years and eliminates the workers tax! 
Over 4 million organic reach on our Facebook post about my tax plan. Help share it 
My plan is the biggest and boldest tax cut in American history. I'm running to take our country back. 
 Wow. Senator Rand Paul’s tax reform proposal creates a single rate income tax with a low rate. This would turbo charge …
ICYMI: Here's my interview with at the conference today  
RETWEET: My plan is the biggest and boldest tax cut in American history. I'm running to take our country back. 
I'm glad to have your support, We'll recruit many more to the with your help  Thank you!
 is doing a great job spreading the message of liberty! 
 love the new tax plan, fair for everyone!
My plan is the largest tax cut in history, returning nearly $2 trillion to American families in the first 10 years. 
Thank you for having me  Together we can take back our rights and unleash the American Dream 
 as a college student and aspiring entrepreneur, your tax code proposal is extremely encouraging. Thank you! C…
 I like 's 14.5%  and I liked Forbes plan years ago. Our tax code is a hideous monster. 
 Blow Up the Tax Code and Start Over  via  
My plan is a flat 14.5% tax on individuals but goes even further by completely eliminating the workers tax. WATCH: 
WATCH: My plan is the biggest and boldest tax cut in American history. I'm running to take our country back.
Kelley and I are praying for everyone affected by this senseless tragedy in Charleston.
WATCH: My plan is the biggest and boldest tax cut in American history. I'm running to take our country back.
 Republican presidential candidate Rand Paul calls for 14.5% flat incometax: 
Tomorrow I'm announcing an over $2 trillion tax cut that would repeal the entire IRS tax code—more than 70,000 pages 
 and Kelley will be in Bowling Green on Saturday for a joint book signing. 
 first time voting for President in the upcoming election and there is no one else I'd rather vote for 
Join me and in Kentucky to celebrate our new books! Event details here:  
 If you can't make the SF  hackathon,  with the next city where we should do it. 
 I'm hosting the nation's first presidential campaign  The prize is cool!   …
I voted NO on President Obama's trade power grab. Add your name if you stand with me: 
Congress should stand up to Obama's trade power grab! Add your name:  
Please sign your "Read the Bills" petition right away:  (8/8)
Tell Congress to read the bills they vote on and say NO to Obama's trade power grab! (7/8)
It's time to fight back against these kinds of legislative games by Congress and the White House. (6/8)
I've demanded that the President release the text of the secret TPP deal -- which some Members of Congress haven't even read! (5/8)
That's why I voted NO on President Obama's trade power grab. (4/8)
The Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal locked away in the Capitol basement -- out from the watchful eye of the American public? (3/8)
Secret tax hikes on small businesses -- snuck in the last minute by congressional leadership? (2/8)
A "fast track" for President Obama through Trade Promotion Authority? (1/8)
Happy Birthday Magna Carta!
 ; I covered a lot of ground today in  More info on Kelley's other stops:  
Enjoyed spending time w/ on my trip to SC. Her State Senate district is filled with patriots. 
Great read by "Military Leaders Vindicate Rand Paul’s Foreign Policy" 
It's a beautiful day to be in South Carolina! The days of big government will come to an end under my administration! 
 Covering lots of ground in SC today! in Columbia ; separately in Berkeley ; Charleston SC 
Lots of South Carolinians on this flight. Looking forward to being in Lexington, SC today! 
Join me and in Kentucky to celebrate our new books! Event details here:  
Join me in Lexington today at 12PM -  
San Diego GOP gave me a great gift! Thank you to everyone who joined us tonight! 
 Sen. Rand Paul talks separation of powers with San Diego Republicans - watch Breitbart for coverage 
Honored to speak to the Republican Party of San Diego. Thanks to the over 800 people who joined me here tonight! 
 . is keynote at GOP San Diego dinner over 800 in attendance!
Great time in San Diego with Mayor tonight. Thanks for having me! 
Join me and in Kentucky to celebrate our new books! Event details here:  
 attacks on liberty and the Constitution make her unfit to serve as President. Join the movement! 
 supports the same failed policies of the Washington machine. Add your name if you agree &gt;&gt; 
I hope to see you in Lexington on June 15th! Have lunch with us and grab a hot dog at the event. - 
Are you ready for  Get your gear today  
We will beat Hillary in 2016. Pls retweet this graphic showing recent head to head polling  &gt;&gt; 
Polls show only our campaign besting Hillary in important states. Join us   
 I am ready for   
Order your  bumper sticker today and help defeat the Washington machine &gt;&gt; 
 will take us back to the failed policies of the past. Join us to stop her! ​  
There is still time to get your own Hillary Hard Drive. If you’re ready for  get yours here: 
Polls in key swing states show me leading Join me if you’re ready for  
I have a clear vision for America, and it starts with  Show your support with this Rand eyechart: 
 "We must jealously guard our freedoms if we wish to keep them." -   
If you're ready for  change your profile and cover picture here:  
It's great to be in Orange County, California. Liberty is resonating tonight in Reagan country! 
I’m leading Hillary in key states like Ohio because I'm committed to fighting the Washington Machine on EVERY front. 
I'm leading Hillary Clinton in crucial swing states like OH, IA, NH, PA ; CO. Will you help me keep up the momentum? 
Help me spread the message that I'm the Republican best positioned to win in 2016:  
A brand new poll shows me LEADING Hillary Clinton in the key swing state of Ohio. Chip in $20.16 to keep it going: 
Just arrived in California. It's going to be a good trip because we started with Tacos and In-N-Out burgers! 
Join me today for a meet and greet, then dinner with the Republican Party of Orange County -  
We may not have won on the baseball field tonight, but we will win in 2016  
 Are you following on Instagram? We're posting pics/videos from the baseball game!  
Batter up!  
Here we go!  
Getting ready for the big game  
Father's Day is June 21. Shop now and find the perfect gift for your dad! 
Great seeing at  
 LIVE 
 "We need to be a party that believes in the entire Bill of Rights!"-  
 "We were the party of emancipation. We were the party of the civil rights."  
 Dr. Rand Paul is in the house!  @ City Tap House DC 
 "We need to be a more diverse party."- 
We need to be the party that defends the entire Bill of Rights.  
Join me tonight for the Congressional Baseball Game! Get your tickets and event info here:  
With a stop by the drive-thru, has made it official....she's on the trail in NH!  
 MUST-READ via How Kelley Paul's Grandmother Lived the American Dream- 
 Excited to welcome to  again this Friday night for Flag Day.
 David Keene says  is countering the  nation-building mindset  
For the staffer who garbled the concept of innocence, we will presume his innocence until the next staff meeting. (2/2)
A member of my staff tweeted something erroneous. Of course you are innocent until proven guilty! (1/2)
The federal government can throw you in prison WITHOUT a trial. Let's END this Orwellian policy: 
I REFUSE to trust President Obama where matters of Constitutional principle are at stake. Add your name if you agree 
Will you stand with me in this fight? Please sign your "Stop Indefinite Detention" petition right away:  (6/6)
It blocks indefinite detention of Americans without being charged ; denying them a jury trial unless there is a vote in Congress. (4/6)
That’s why I’m introducing – with Sen. Mike Lee ; others - the Due Process Guarantee to the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). (3/6)
If the government can arrest you, throw you in prison, ; strip away due process, our Republic is sliding into dangerous territory. (2/6)
There is only one way to describe detaining a U.S. citizen indefinitely and denying them a trial by jury: Un-American. (1/6)
 Great meeting supporters at HQ in  today! Thanks to everyone for 'Standing with Rand' 
Does your dad  Shop now and give the perfect gift for Father's Day! 
I hope you'll join me in Lexington, South Carolina! Get event details and tickets here -  
 It was so awesome to meet tonight!!   
 Join me in New Hampshire and share your education concerns and ideas! 
 By God's grace, our next President! I stand with you  
Early morning support from friends in Newport Beach California! 
I got to meet a great group of young liberty lovers tonight at the Baltimore County Republican Party dinner! 
Tonight I'm in Maryland speaking to the Baltimore County Republican Party. Maryland stands for liberty tonight! 
Congratulations to on his victory! I look forward to working with him and the in the near future.
 Shop our Father's Day Collection today to get the perfect gift for dad and help support the campaign  
Congratulations on your hard-earned victory as NC GOP Chairman, Wishing you success in leading Republicans to victory!
 Even my new mug is  thanks to 😊😊    
Join me and the​ for dinner tonight! Get event info and tickets here:  
Looking for the perfect Father's Day present? Find the right gift for dad here: 
Read more from my latest book "Taking a Stand." Get it here:  
Join me this Thursday Congressional Baseball Game! Get your tickets and event info here:  
"Rand Paul passes 2 million Likes on Facebook" 
Kelley and I extend our most heartfelt sorrow and deepest condolences to the family of Kalief Browder. May his soul rest in peace.
Join me and for a joint book event in Kentucky! Register here:  
Join me and the​ for dinner June 9th! Get event info and tickets here:  
 Great brunch today in Peabody w and  
Great welcome at Joey's Diner in Amherst, New Hampshire! 
It's a beautiful day in Portsmouth, New Hampshire! 
 It was great meeting in New Hampshire today.   
 American Pharoah captures the Triple Crown 
We are the first 2016 campaign to have 2 million Facebook likes! 
Thanks to your help I am the first candidate on either side of the aisle to have 2 mill people on Facebook!  
Let us never forget the sacrifice of the greatest generation in defense of liberty.  
Great welcome at Joey's Diner in Amherst, New Hampshire! 
 had 250+ at his Manchester office opening.    
Join me and the​ for dinner June 9th! Get event info and tickets here:  
The USA Freedom Act, which the Senate approved Tuesday, still threatens the constitutional rights of Americans 
General Hayden knows full well the powerful and invasive nature of metadata. Read my oped on the USA FREEDOM Act: 
I think the Supreme Court has not yet caught up to an era in which one keeps one’s papers in a cloud, not a castle. 
 Hey look what I'm reading.  
RETWEET to enter to win a signed copy of Taking a Stand! Official Rules:  
Check out the NSA Knows contest winning t-shirt in the store today! Order here   
Check out the NSA Knows contest winning t-shirt in the store today! Order here   
Check out the official Rand Paul t-shirt in the store today! Order here   
Check out the official Rand Paul t-shirt in the store today! Order here  
Check out the official Rand Paul t-shirt in the store today! Order here   
Check out the official Rand Paul t-shirt in the store today! Order here  
Check out the NSA Knows contest winning t-shirt in the store today! Order here   
Check out the NSA Knows contest winning t-shirt in the store today! Order here  
 
Please read and retweet my new op-Ed in Time about the USA Freedom Act and our lying government 
New polling confirms that I'm the Republican best positioned to defeat Hillary Clinton in 2016. Chip in now: 
Join the movement to defeat the Washington machine ; take our country back! 
My message of liberty is resonating across the country. Will you help me reach voters with my new TV ad? 
Join me for the Congressional Baseball Game! Tickets and event info here:  Let's play ball. 
To win back the White House we must fight for the Bill of Rights - the whole thing! Help out:  
Will you help our movement defeat the Washington machine by chipping in $20.16 right away?  (7/7)
Today I'm asking for you to help me get my message out to as many voters as possible in key early states. (6/7)
That's why polls show me leading Hillary Clinton in swing states: CO, IA, NH ; PA. I'm the Republican best positioned to defeat her. (5/7)
The American people are sick and tired of business-as-usual in Washington, D.C. (4/7)
Me? That same poll - as well as a Economist/YouGov survey - shows me tied for the lead with Republican primary voters. (3/7)
The only other top-tier candidate who fares worse is the Republican establishment's "electable" pick. (2/7)
A poll just released by Washington Post/ABC News shows nearly half of all Americans have an unfavorable view of Hillary Clinton. (1/7)
Check out the NSA Knows contest winning t-shirt in the store today! Order here  
Check out the official Rand Paul t-shirt in the store today! Order here   
Check out the official Rand Paul t-shirt in the store today! Order here  
Check out the official Rand Paul t-shirt in the store today! Order here  
Check out the NSA Knows contest winning t-shirt in the store today! Order here   
Check out the NSA Knows contest winning t-shirt in the store today! Order here   
Check out the NSA Knows contest winning t-shirt in the store today! Order here  
Check out the NSA Knows contest winning t-shirt in the store today! Order here  
 Looking for the perfect Father's Day gift? Shop our unique Father's Day selection today &gt;&gt;  
 and record your endorsement video today  
Want to appear in our next web video? Submit your video endorsement here &gt;&gt;  
We're looking for stars of our next web video! Simply click "record a video" and share your support 
We're making videos from clips YOU have submitted on our website!  Submit yours for the next&gt;&gt;
"The Paul campaign’s engagement w/supporters positions(him) as an early social media innovator in crowded 2016 field" 
Do you stand w/ me? Donate $5 now to show your support for my fight vs. illegal NSA spying  
We have stopped the illegal NSA bulk data collection. Contribute $5 now to stand with me   
We have stopped the NSA’s illegal spying program. Contribute $5 now to show your support   
We have stopped the NSA’s illegal spying program. Contribute $5 now to show your support  
Have you endorsed my campaign? Follow this link to submit your endorsement ; video message: 
Sen. Rand Paul Sweeps Polls, Fares Best with Independents Against Hillary Clinton - Breitbart 
Look forward to competing in the Nevada caucus 
We have stopped the illegal NSA bulk data collection. Contribute $5 now to stand with me  
We have stopped the NSA's illegal spying program. Contribute $5 now to show your support  
We have stopped the illegal NSA bulk data collection! Add your name to show your support  
Don't forget to order your Filibuster Starter Pack from the store! On sale today only  
Don't forget to order your Filibuster Starter Pack from the store! On sale today only  
The Filibuster Starter Pack is on sale in the store today only! Don't forget to order yours  
Joining on his radio program right now, tune in to your location station!
Do you stand with me? Donate $5 now to show your support for my fight against illegal NSA spying  
Yesterday, I forced the expiration of the NSA's illegal spying program. Contribute $5 now to show your support &gt;&gt; 
Yesterday, I took down illegal NSA spying. Contribute $5 now to stand with me  
Yesterday, I forced the expiration of the NSA's illegal spying program. Add your name to show your support  
Yesterday, we took down the illegal NSA spying program. Add your name to show your support! 
Yesterday, we took down the illegal American spy state. Add your name to show your support! 
"Paul fulfills vow to run out clock" 
I'll be joining on at 9:15am to discuss yesterday's defeat of the NSA overreach, tune in! Cc:

Thanks to your help provisions that allowed bulk collection on innocent American citizens have expired. 
It officially a new day in America. A day with more liberty and freedom. 
Tonight we stopped illegal NSA bulk data collection. Contribute to celebrate this victory  
 Donate here   
Today, I will take down illegal NSA spying. Contribute $5 now to stand with me  
Today, I will take down illegal NSA spying. Contribute $5 now to stand with me  
  
Today, I will take down illegal NSA Spying. Contribute $5 now to stand with me  
Today, I will take down illegal NSA Spying. Contribute $5 now to stand with me  
  on the  
 Are the only mbrs defending our Constitution? More Mon. in 
   
Instagram looks great  
    
  
Keep the photos coming! Let's show support across the country to  and 
 I  on this issue. Let's  
  
 my baby Abigail also  

  
I came here to defend the Bill of Rights, not to be popular. 
 Two of my favorite things: my cat Izzy and      
 trying to uphold my our right to privacy.   
We need to discuss this in the open. Law should not be discussed in secret. 
 Our family dog, Henry the Yorkshire Terrier, will  Keep standing up for our rights 
      
I'm convinced we can use the Fourth Amendment, spirit and letter of the law, and catch terrorists. 
 I’m making my kids watch today’s Senate debate on government surveillance.   
  and I watching on CSPAN because liberty is worth supporting.  
 fighting for Americans everywhere.    keep fighting the good fight! h…
 Democrat standing with Rand to     
  💙🇺🇸❤️ 
  my daughter deserves liberty, not a surveillance state! 
We will try to get amendments to fix the FREEDOM Act to ensure warrants are individualized. 
  
We've allowed for an unconstitutional standard, our rights to be taken away, and the 4th amendment to be diminished. 
 About to enjoy a beer and watch the  in support of ending  spying on Americans  
The devil is in the details. The question is whether or not the new bill will create individualized warrants 
Send in pictures watching Rand speaking on the floor right now! Use  -Team Rand
It concerns me that the President who supports bulk collection also now supports this new bill.
 Only time I'll watch cspan is to  go get em !! 
  We    
 I'm taking a stand 
  Let's get it done for America!! 
 I  ... Grateful for men like fighting to protect ; restore our 4th Amendment rights. 
RETWEET if you   
Keep the pictures coming! Use  and tweet one of yourself watching the Senate debate.
    
 Watching Rand Paul defending liberty    
   
Who are you standing with?  
 watching the    
I intend on protecting the Constitution ; defending your rights!  if you stand with me 
Tweet us pictures throughout the night with yourself watching the Senate in the medium of your choice . Use 
The head of the Intelligence Agency lied to the American people and he still works there. We should be appalled!  
The right to be left alone is the most cherished of rights! This debate is over your right to be left alone.  
Today, we're taking down the illegal American spy state. Add your name if you're with me! 
Today, we're taking down the illegal American spy state. Add your name if you're with me! 
Today, we're taking down the illegal American spy state. Add your name if you're with me! 
Today, we're taking down the illegal American spy state. Add your name if you're with me! 
Today, I'll force the expiration of the NSA's illegal spying program. Add your name if you're with me! 
Today, I'll force the expiration of the NSA's illegal spying program. Add your name if you're with me! 
Today, I'll force the expiration of the NSA's illegal spying program. Add your name if you're with me! 
Today, I'll force the expiration of the NSA's illegal spying program. Add your name if you're with me! 
Today, I'll force the expiration of the NSA's illegal spying program. FOLLOW if you're with me!  
Today, I'll force the expiration of the NSA's illegal spying program. FOLLOW if you're with me! 
I pray that Vice President and his family find comfort and peace during this unimaginable time of loss.
 Sen. Rand Paul: Tomorrow I will stop the illegal NSA spying 
You have a right to privacy and it MUST be protected!   

Do you stand with me against illegal NSA spying? VOTE NOW! 
Breaking news from the Des Moines Register. Help spread the word with an rt and donation&gt;&gt;  
James Madison warned us that we would remain free only as long as lawmakers live by the laws they pass  
Pick your favorite quote on ending NSA spying&gt;&gt; 
Join me   
 Download your social media avatars to help  against illegal NSA spying!  
“I believe in genuine change, not the campaign-button variety."  
Thank you for standing with me today in Kentucky! It's always good to be home.  
What was your favorite quote from the filibuster to end the NSA's illegal spying? 
RETWEET if you're standing with me to STOP illegal NSA spying!  
 
Do you stand with me or with pro-spying President Obama? VOTE NOW! 
  

Wonderful day in KY celebrating "Taking a Stand!" We've got a line out the door! Get it here:  
I thank you for standing with me. Please read my entire statement here:  
I do not do this to obstruct.  I do it to build something better, more effective, more lasting, and more cognizant of who we are.
Fighting against unconditional, illegal powers that take away rights, taken by previous Congresses and administrations is just as important.
Sometimes when the problem is big enough, you just have to start over. The tax code and our regulatory burdens are two good examples.
I am ready and willing to start the debate on how we fight terrorism without giving up our liberty.
There has to be another way. We must find it together.So tomorrow, I will force the expiration of the NSA illegal spy program.
But we do not need to give up who we are to defeat them. In fact, we must not.
I believe we must fight terrorism, and I believe we must stand strong against our enemies.
Let me be clear: I acknowledge the need for a robust intelligence agency and for a vigilant national security.
Tomorrow, we will come back with just hours left before the NSA illegal spying powers expire.
Then, last week, I further blocked the extension of these powers and the Senate adjourned for recess rather than stay and debate them.
I spoke for over 10 hours to call attention to the vast expansion of the spy state and the corresponding erosion of our liberties.
Seeing proponents of this illegal spying rushing toward a deadline to wholesale renew this unconstitutional power, I filibustered the bill.
It's why I have been seeking for months to have a full, open and honest debate on this issue-- a debate that never came.
That's why two years ago, I sued the NSA. It's why I proposed the Fourth Amendment Protection Act.
Forcing us to choose between our rights and our safety is a false choice and we are better than that as a nation and as a people.
The callous use of general warrants and the disregard for the Bill of Rights must end.
I have fought for several years now to end the illegal spying of the NSA on ordinary Americans.
Do you stand with me in defense of the Constitution or with pro-NSA spying President Obama? 
“I see an America worth taking a stand for.” -  
Top 8 quotes from last Wednesday's filibuster&gt;&gt; 
Only 9 donors from Twitter are needed to reach our goal. Join the fight to STOP NSA spying now: 
Will 5 Patriots chip in $10 in the next 30 minutes? Show the spy state we aren't backing down: 
You and I can't ignore this battle for our right to privacy. Will you chip in now? 
Just finished signing books in Greenville, SC. Have you gotten your copy?  
Great defenders of liberty for  
I need 8 more donors from Twitter in the next hour to stay track. Click here: 
The NSA Spying Showdown is this Sunday. Will you be in my corner? Donate now:  
Please chip in whatever you can afford right away!  (4/4)
If you and I are going are going to topple the American spy state, they need to know we mean business. (3/4)
But I need your help. Can I get 30 donors from Twitter tonight? (2/4)
This Sunday, our movement has an opportunity to score an important victory toward ending illegal NSA spying. (1/4)
Greenville, SC is filled with liberty lovers tonight! 
Great captions coming in for our new political cartoon. What do you think we should caption it? &gt; 
Tweet back your caption for this 
Great turnout at the Beacon Drive-In in Spartanburg, SC! 
“Saying you’re going to change is one thing, but actually changing takes a lot more than words.”  
Weekend plans? Test yourself at our new privacy-themed crossword puzzle! 
Who do you stand with on NSA spying - Pro-Spying Obama or Pro-Constitution Rand? Click here to cast your vote  
 In Upstate with heading to The Beacon, just passed Gaffney's peach. No sign of 
“I have a vision for an America beyond partisan politics, beyond petty divisions..."  
Join me to celebrate the release of my new book "Taking a Stand" and get a signed copy!  
Who do you stand with on NSA spying - Pro-Spying Obama or Pro-Constitution Rand? Click here to cast your vote  
Who do you stand with on NSA spying - Pro-Spying Obama or Pro-Constitution Rand? Click here to cast your vote  
It's great to be in Rock Hill, South Carolina speaking to the Republican Party of York County. 
Have you gotten my latest book? Visit  to get your copy now! 
Come stand with me and tomorrow during a special event! Register here:  
Can you complete my privacy puzzle in less than 5 minutes?  
RETWEET and help spread the word about the need to stop illegal NSA spying! 
Can you complete my crossword puzzle? How long did it take you? 
Courting the youth vote in Muscatine,  today.  
After signing, please chip in to help me mobilize as many Patriots as possible before Sunday's deadline:  (5/5)
That's why I need as many folks with me as possible in my corner. So please let me know I have your support by adding your name. (4/5)
I'm taking on the entire Washington Machine - from the White House on down on Sunday. (3/5)
I'm counting on you to be one of those Patriots to join me in this fight to end domestic spying on Americans. (2/5)
If Pres. Obama plans to continue illegal NSA spying - he'll have to go through me ; thousands of Patriots standing in my corner! (1/5)
 The DC eye-roll caucus can't stand when we mention the Bill of Rights 
Give my official campaign team account a follow !
 Liberty? Constitution? Privacy? Bill of Rights? The D.C. eye-roll Caucus will have none of it.  
Polls show me leading in New Hampshire! Will you make a donation to help me stay ahead? 
Polls show me in the lead in New Hampshire! Make a donation today to help me stay there  
Polls show me leading in New Hampshire! Donate today to help me stay ahead  
 Presidential Candidate was in Clinton today from radio talked him-listen here: 
Pres. Obama was against the so-called "Patriot Act” before he was for it.  if you'll stand with me on 5/31! 
Great day at stadium! Thanks to everyone who came out to support my campaign  
Quick stop at Ross' Restaurant in Bettendorf. Ross' has been around since 1940-Always enjoy visiting local businesses 
Can the NSA physically intercept deliveries? Take the quiz:  
In Clinton,  discussing term limits ; balanced budget. Together we will defeat the Washington machine! 
 why won't you end bulk collection on innocent Americans?
 in 2006 you said we should defend privacy of Americans. So you were for privacy before you were against it?
 as a Constitutional "scholar" did you skip the lessons on the 4th Amendment?
The White House wants nothing more than to stop our movement. Will you chip in right away to help fight back? 
Will 15 patriots in the next 15 minutes sign their petition to eliminate Obama's bulk collection of our records? 
President Obama wants to keep grabbing as much data as he can get his hands on. Tell him that it's time top STOP: 
A spy state showdown is looming for May 31st! Will you stand with me?  
I need 68 more liberty-lovers to join the fight to END NSA spying in the next hour. Will you add your name? 
Sign your petition to END illegal NSA spying right away, then chip in $10 to help me continue this battle:  (6/6)
Can I count on you to be in my corner? Let's get 250 from Twitter to join the fight tonight! (5/6)
On Sunday, I'm going to fight to END the NSA's illegal spying program with everything I've got. (4/6)
I've drawn my line in the sand too. And I'm not backing down. (3/6)
Pres. Obama drew a line in the sand ; demanded the Senate pass the phony "reform" bill that will keep bulk collection of data going. (2/6)
The White House has labeled me enemy  But I don't mind a bit. (1/6)
Thanks  for inviting me to your Lincoln Day Dinner! Together, we can make the party bigger, better ; bolder 
Can the NSA physically intercept deliveries? 
Congressman Labrador is a staunch defender of our Constitution. I'm honored to have his support. 
The movement to stop the NSA's illegal spying program is growing. Join us today. 
 I'm ready to help take the White House in 2016. Find out how you can help, here: 
Can the NSA monitor online gaming communications? 
Add your name if you support ending illegal NSA spying. 
 Looking forward to checking out new book, TAKING A STAND.Just finished the first chapter here: 
Can the NSA access your Web browsing history? 
RETWEET if you'll be in my corner! 
I'm not backing down from my fight to end the NSA's bulk data collection. Are you with me? 
  with and at speaking on unleashing the American Dream 
  welcomes to 1871 for a policy discussion with 
Packed house! Great to be at with to discuss solutions to failed liberal policies. 
Can the NSA track the numbers of both parties on a phone call? 
How many patriots will join my objection and help end illegal NSA spying in America? Add your name to end it now 
Will you join me in my fight to end illegal NSA spying on innocent Americans? Add your name here  
The NSA is illegally spying on Americans. I’m asking my fellow patriots to join me in my fight to end it now  
I’m standing up against illegal NSA spying in America. Sign your name to join my fight  
We must get beyond party labels to find solutions. I'm proud to be in the  today to be part of the convo 
Thanks for inviting me to the  We can fix our inner cities ; restore the American Dream 
 For far to long the "Political Machine" ran by Democrats and Republicans have failed our community  it's time to get our …
My friend is always a gracious host when we use his office between interviews.  
 Today at 11am, meet us at  for the 1st 2016 Presidential Mtg in  w/ Sen Event Details: htt…
I joined in studio for a lively discussion on the NSA overreach. 
6 more donors from Twitter are needed to reach tonight's goal. Have you chipped in yet to "Swamp The Senate?" 
Will 10 from Twitter chip in $10 to turn up the heat on my Senate colleagues to END illegal NSA spying? 
 Sen. "This is an enormous program. This is collecting all Americans' records all of the time."  
We can stop the spy state on May 31st. But I need your help. Add your name ; donate now:  
I need 7 more donations in the next hour to stay on track. Will you chip in to my "Swamp The Senate" Money Bomb? 
Your Senators need to know where you stand. Help me "Swamp the Senate!" Click here:  
So please sign your petition right away. Then chip in $10 or whatever you can afford:  (6/6)
Can we get 25 donations from Twitter to my campaign's emergency "Swamp The Senate" Money Bomb tonight? (5/6)
But I'm afraid victory won't happen without you. I need your help to turn up the heat on my colleagues. (4/6)
I'm not backing down. I'm going to stand and fight until the very last moment -- regardless of the smears and attacks I face. (3/6)
On May 31st, we have our best chance to strike a massive blow against the growing American spy state! (2/6)
I'm joining tonight on at 11pm ET. 
Five days. That's how long you and I have to rally fellow Americans fed up with illegal NSA spying. (1/6)
Enjoyed walking around NYC today between media interviews. Glad to meet Kentuckians visiting the big apple! 
 Joining tonight on and at 9pm! 
Happy to see today! Thank you for the important work you do for veterans. 
I believe in genuine change, not the campaign-button variety. Join me and Kelley tonight in NYC  
 I had a great time on discussing my book! Join me ; at The Strand tonight  ht…
 is discussing my new book: Taking A Stand! 
Joining at 8am ET with tune in! I think she read my new book! 
 getting ready for 2016!!! With  
I have a vision for an America beyond partisan politics, beyond petty divisions. Join me and Kelley in NYC tomorrow 
Join me and Kelley tomorrow for the launch of Taking a Stand! Tickets here -   
Let us never forget the brave men and women who paid the ultimate sacrifice in defense of liberty.
We should reflect today on the selfless service of others who have dedicated their lives to protect liberty.
I’m standing up against illegal NSA spying in America. Sign your name to join my fight  
The NSA is illegally spying on Americans. I’m asking my fellow patriots to join me in my fight to end it now  
Will you join me in my fight to end illegal NSA spying on innocent Americans? Add your name here  
How many patriots will join my objection and help end illegal NSA spying in America? Add your name to end it now 
We must never forget the price of freedom.
I need you in my corner as I take on the surveillance state. Will you stand with me? 
Do you want to STOP Section 215 of the so-called "PATRIOT Act?" Add your name now:  
I objected to the reauthorization of the "PATRIOT Act" because your rights matter. Will you join me in this fight? 
You and I can't let up. Sign your petition to END NSA spying:  
Add your name to STOP Section 215 of the so-called "PATRIOT ACT" now:  (6/6)
Then chip in whatever you can afford to ensure that I have the ammo I need to continue this battle. (5/6)
Please join me and over 160,000 liberty-lovers by signing your petition right away. (4/6)
So, I need to know that you are with me in the fight to END illegal NSA spying once and for all. (3/6)
You and I have one week to mobilize the grassroots and beat back spy state apologists in BOTH parties. (2/6)
This fight is far too important to let up up now. Our right to privacy matters too much. (1/6)
How many patriots will join my objection and help end illegal NSA spying in America? Add your name to end it now 
How many patriots will join my objection and help end illegal NSA spying in America? Add your name to end it now 
How many patriots will join my objection and help end illegal NSA spying in America? Add your name to end it now 
 Thank you, Sen We're inspired by your commitment to the Constitution and the rights of all Americans. Let's sto…
RETWEET if you join me on objecting to illegal NSA spying!  
Thank you and for coming in at midnight to support my fight against NSA domestic surveillance 
Heading back to Kentucky for a little rest.   But not for long. Counting on everyone to keep standing with me next week! 
The Senate will return one week from Sunday. With your help we can end illegal NSA spying once and for all.
The Senate has refused to reauthorize bulk data collection. I am proud to have stood up for the Bill of Rights. But our fight is not over
If the Senate won't allow my amendments,  I'm prepared to keep the Senate in session as long as necessary.
I am now once again trying to get Senate to allow my amendments to root out the worst parts of Patriot Act.
Patriot Act filibuster successful and ongoing.  Bulk phone record collection set to expire.
Tonight at 1 AM I will vote against NSA bulk collection of phone records.  
Continuing to filibuster against NSA bulk surveillance.
The Bill of Rights is worth losing sleep over.   RETWEET if you agree.
Will be seeing everyone overnight it seems.    My filibuster continues to end NSA illegal spying.
We need a President that defends the entire Bill of Rights for all Americans. 
While visiting today I stopped by to say hello to 
  on  today to talk about foreign policy, national security, + much more. Watch via 4pET 
I'll be joining in 5 min on to discuss NSA overreach and what's next in our fight to stop it! 
Enjoyed being on with on tonight, important discussion on why NSA overreach needs to be stopped!
ICYMI: Watch my exclusive video message for an update on my fight against the PATRIOT Act and illegal NSA spying.
WATCH this exclusive message from Sen. Paul on the PATRIOT Act and his fight to end illegal NSA spying.  - Team Rand
Help me defeat the Washington machine and the unconstitutional "PATRIOT Act" &gt;&gt; 
I filibustered to bring an end to illegal NSA spying ; bulk data collection on innocent Americans. Stand with me 
I filibustered to bring an end to illegal NSA spying ; bulk data collection on innocent Americans. Stand with me 
Help me defeat the Washington machine and the unconstitutional "PATRIOT Act" &gt;&gt; 
Help me defeat the Washington machine and the unconstitutional "PATRIOT Act" &gt;&gt; 
I filibustered to bring an end to illegal NSA spying ; bulk data collection on innocent Americans. Stand with me 
I filibustered to bring an end to illegal NSA spying ; bulk data collection on innocent Americans. Stand with me 
I filibustered to bring an end to illegal NSA spying ; bulk data collection on innocent Americans. Stand with me 
Help me defeat the Washington machine and the unconstitutional "PATRIOT Act" &gt;&gt; 
Help me defeat the Washington machine and the unconstitutional "PATRIOT Act" &gt;&gt; 
I filibustered to bring an end to illegal NSA spying ; bulk data collection on innocent Americans. Stand with me 
Help me defeat the Washington machine and the unconstitutional "PATRIOT Act" &gt;&gt; 
Just added to our store! Order your "Filibuster Starter Pack" and show your support for Rand's filibuster today! 
Just added to our store! Order your "Filibuster Starter Pack" and show your support for Rand's filibuster today! 
 See how the conversation around filibuster unfolded on Twitter   
I filibustered to bring an end to illegal NSA spying ; bulk data collection on innocent Americans. Stand with me 
 Senator Paul's 10.5 hour filibuster delays Patriot Act action by at least one day.  Stopped cloture motion from being fil…
NSA illegal spying and data collection of innocent Americans must end. Thank you all for standing with me. 
Today we have made great strides for liberty. We want a full and open debate. 
  
RETWEET if you're still watching! Join in &gt;&gt;   
Big thank you to the great Constitutional conservatives and  
  
 Been watching for almost 8 hours now, keep it up Rand. Stand up for the Constitution!  
  
 Hour 10Join Us &gt;&gt; Text: "FILIBUSTER" to 97063 
 Glad to see taking a strong stand to protect our right to privacy tonight on the Senate floor.
Just added to our store! Order your "Filibuster Starter Pack" and  today  
Just added to our store! Order your "Filibuster Starter Pack" and show your support for Rand's filibuster today! 
 "Your rights are many ; infinite. Your rights are unenumerated ; you do have a right to privacy."   
Great pictures on Instagram. Thousands have sent them in! Keep 'em coming using  
 Hour 9Join Us &gt;&gt; Text: "FILIBUSTER" to 97063 
Just added to our store! The "filibuster starter pack" Get yours and show support to  
WATCH this exclusive video from earlier today and join in by texting "FILIBUSTER" to 97063 
I've taken to the Senate floor to filibuster renewal of the "PATRIOT Act" ; end NSA spying! Stand with me here  
I've taken to the Senate floor to filibuster renewal of the "PATRIOT Act" ; end NSA spying! Stand with me here  
  
Join in by sending us a picture of yourself with the filibuster in whatever medium you're watching it in! Use  hashtag.
 Hour 8Join us &gt;&gt;  
 been watching since I got home from school today  
 We  You got this, 
 doing a  
 I proudly  
You might recognize these liberty lovers who just sent in their  picture! Join them and send in yours. 
 Hour 7Join us &gt;&gt;  
 and text: "FILIBUSTER" to 97063 
RETWEET if you   
 Keep it up, We're listening, and we  
Just getting home from work? Send us your pictures with the filibuster on whatever medium you're watching it in and use 
 Go Rand! How many people are in there with you?? 
Liberty lovers across the country are sending in pictures using  . Send in yours. 
 and I  we believe in civil liberties   keep going 
 Today my husband took a stand for the Fourth Amendment and the right to privacy for every American. I'm so proud of hi…
  
 High five for  
Instagram is filled with liberty lovers on the  hashtag  
 I  to preserve the privacy and liberties we enjoy as Americans. 
Great photos using  ! Keep them coming 
  
 On Senate floor with - we can have security and liberty at the same time. 
 From Alaska's north slope I  
 Watching on my mobile device! A true lover of liberty!   
  
 Watching  filibuster the Patriot Act.    
 "The most cherished of rights: the right to be left alone."    
Keep the great pictures coming! Send us them of yourself + the filibuster in the medium of your choice. Use 
 Took over the TV at an Italian restaurant to watch  
Thanks for  picture! Send yours in 
  
 
Take a picture with the filibuster going on in the medium of your choice and tweet it at us with  hashtag!
 Heading to Senate to  in defense of liberty ; the Constitution. Let's stop unlawful data collection on law-a…
  has been speaking on the Senate floor for 3 hrs now.  

 I'm on the senate floor NOW to   if you do too.
 Text: "FILIBUSTER" to 97063 
We’re at a stage where we need to ask, “Can you not have your liberty and security?” I think we can. 
Exclusive video that answers the question: why a filibuster?
  
  
Lawmakers get up here, stay too long, and get separated from the people. The people don’t want bulk collection. 
  
I've taken to the Senate floor to filibuster renewal of the "PATRIOT Act" ; end NSA spying! Stand with me here  
I've taken to the Senate floor to filibuster renewal of the "PATRIOT Act" ; end NSA spying! Stand with me here  
I've taken to the Senate floor to filibuster renewal of the "PATRIOT Act" ; end NSA spying! Stand with me here  

  
I've taken to the Senate floor to filibuster renewal of the "PATRIOT Act" ; end NSA spying! Stand with me here  
I've taken to the Senate floor to filibuster renewal of the "PATRIOT Act" ; end NSA spying! Stand with me here  
Exclusive VIDEO from a couple of hours ago about the filibuster  
Your rights are many and infinite. Your rights are un-enumerated. And you do have a right to privacy!  
I've taken to the Senate floor to filibuster renewal of the "PATRIOT Act" ; end NSA spying! Stand with me here  
I've taken to the Senate floor to filibuster renewal of the "PATRIOT Act" ; end NSA spying! Stand with me here  
Would you want the government to be in your house for hours and hours without probable cause for a warrant? 
The right to be left alone is the most cherished of rights. 
RETWEET the live stream of the filibuster&gt;&gt; 
 at  
I see no reason why you can’t have security and the constitution at the same time. We cannot let our fear win.
Watch the filibuster here&gt;&gt;  and change your avatar to join in opposition to NSA spying 
 is filibustering. And it is fantastic! 
Help me defeat the Washington machine and the unconstitutional "PATRIOT Act" &gt;&gt; 
Help me defeat the Washington machine and the unconstitutional "PATRIOT Act" &gt;&gt; 
I've just taken the senate floor to begin a filibuster of the Patriot Act renewal. It's time to end the NSA spying!
Help me defeat the Washington machine and the unconstitutional "PATRIOT Act" &gt;&gt; 
Help me defeat the Washington machine and the unconstitutional "PATRIOT Act" &gt;&gt; 
Help me defeat the Washington machine and the unconstitutional "PATRIOT Act" &gt;&gt; 
Help me defeat the Washington machine and the unconstitutional "PATRIOT Act" &gt;&gt; 
Help me defeat the Washington machine and the unconstitutional "PATRIOT Act" &gt;&gt; 
Help me defeat the Washington machine and the unconstitutional "PATRIOT Act" &gt;&gt; 
Help me defeat the Washington machine and the unconstitutional "PATRIOT Act" &gt;&gt; 
Help me defeat the Washington machine and the unconstitutional "PATRIOT Act" &gt;&gt; 
RETWEET if you are standing with me against the so-called "PATRIOT Act!"
 NH editorial: Cellphone tracking: Require a warrant: 
 I was excited to attend the event! They help give survivors economic independence &gt;  …
Thank you for voting in our t-shirt design contest! Buy your favorite now! 
It's Election Day in Kentucky and I urge you to vote! Confirm your polling location:   
Our movement is the greatest threat to the surveillance state. I need to know you're with me. Sign your petition now: 
I'm heading into the lion's den to filibuster ANY reauthorization of the so-called "PATRIOT Act." Join me: 
I've thrown down my marker. I'm prepared to fight tooth ; nail to END NSA spying on Americans. But I need your help: 
I'm ready to take the Washington machine head-on to STOP NSA spying. Will you join me?  
So please join my filibuster by adding your name today!  (7/7)
That's why your immediate support is so vital. I have until 5/19 to rally liberty-lovers across America to oppose this lawless scheme. (6/7)
And they're determined to use the May 31st expiration date as an excuse to ram through legislation continuing illegal domestic spying. (5/7)
The Washington Machine's pals in Congress were FURIOUS. (4/7)
Because you stood with me last year I was able to lead the fight to stop a 2 year reauthorization of the so-called "PATRIOT Act." (3/7)
And they are going to throw everything at me to continue their ability to spy on Americans without a warrant. (2/7)
The fight to STOP NSA spying strikes at the very heart of the Washington Machine. (1/7)
Thanks to everyone who joined me today 
 Lunch with the press dollar menu only with 
Congrats to the winners of our t-shirt design contest! You can purchase your favorite here:  
I'm in Philadelphia today to let everyone know that I support the entire Bill of Rights! 
Great to be in Philadelphia at the National Constitution Center! 
 Rand, bullish, citing criminal justice reform: "If I were the nominee, we will compete in Philadelphia."
I appeared on Meet the Press this morning ; discussed Iraq, the PATRIOT Act, and Hillary's failed war in Libya.
 Sen. says Iraq questions are fair but so are questions about whether it was a good idea to go into Libya. 
 Rand Paul says Benghazi should "forever preclude" Hillary from presidency:  
 Rand Paul - among 11 GOP candidatesin Iowa tonight - with the longest attack on Hillary Clinton -- on Benghazi 
Fairfield, Iowa thank you! 
Today across Iowa, met countless people who stand w/ me against the Patriot Act, most unpatriotic legislation we have 
Burlington , Iowa.   
A room full of liberty lovers joined me this morning in Burlington, Iowa! 
Help us pick a winner and RETWEET to vote! 
RETWEET if this is your favorite t-shirt! 
Is this your favorite design? RETWEET to vote! 
Do you want to see this design in the campaign store? RETWEET to vote! 
We will be tweeting the top 4 finalists from our t-shirt design contest. Help us pick the winner by retweeting your favorite!
Rest in peace to a legend, Mr. BB King! One of my favorites: 
We need your help to pick the next campaign t-shirt. RETWEET if you want to see this design in our campaign store! 
Do you want to see this t-shirt in the campaign store? RETWEET to cast your vote! 
Is this the next Rand Paul t-shirt? RETWEET to cast your vote! 
Help us pick the next campaign t-shirt! RETWEET to vote for this design. 
Sen. Rand Paul Appears on Fox News Channel's Hannity- May 14, 2015:  via
Join me on Monday in Philadelphia! 
On my first day in the Oval Office, I will SHUT DOWN the NSA's illegal spying program. Show your support now: 
I need your help to take on the surveillance statists. Will you be in my corner as I filibuster the "PATRIOT" Act? 
Your phone records are YOUR business. Not the government's. Sign your petition right away:  
 Rand Paul rolls out another 25 endorsements, including Pam Manney of Goffstown, Spec Bowers of George's Mills, and Ken Eyring of…
I'm the only candidate for President that has pledged to end Obama's spying program on Day One. Click here to help: 
Please take just a moment to sign your STOP SPYING ON INNOCENT AMERICANS NOW petition right away:  (6/6)
I have until May 19th to mobilize the grassroots for this fight and I'm counting your immediate support. (5/6)
I won't back down from this fight. Ever. But I need to know if I can count on you as I filibuster the so-called "PATRIOT Act." (4/6)
They know if they keep this rogue spying program going, they're going to be in for an all-out floor fight over these NSA provisions. (3/6)
With key so-called "PATRIOT Act" provisions set to expire on May 31st, surveillance state apologists are fuming. (2/6)
I'm preparing to head into a lion's den. And that means leading the charge with a filibuster – even if it means I do so all alone. (1/6)
No matter how hard  tries to separate himself,his long history with the Clintons makes it impossible for him to be unbiased
As President, I will defend all human life. RETWEET if you're proud to be 
 BREAKING: to Philly on Mon: roundtable at 11 with WPHT talker Dom Giordano  then 12:15 presser on I…
 to when I stood up for life against Hillary Clinton's liberal allies!
The phone records of law abiding citizens are none of the government's business! Add your name if you agree. 
 Today I voted "no" on  the  because it continues the violation of the 4th Amendment rights of Americ…
 Pretty pumped for the Rand Paul t-shirt contest, really hope the "Rand as Napoleon" design wins 
 I really enjoyed my conversation with today! Listen to the interview here -  htt…
As President, I will immediately end Obama's illegal domestic spying on American citizens.  
We need your help to break the tie between our two finalists! Vote on your favorite design &gt;&gt;  
The phone records of law abiding citizens are none of the NSA's business! Add your name if you agree. 
The phone records of law abiding citizens are none of the NSA's business! Add your name if you agree. 
The top 2 shirts are separated by less than 100 votes! Have you voted yet? Pick our next official shirt today! 
 Less than 100 votes separate the top 2! Have you voted yet? Pick our next official shirt today! 
ALE: Less than 100 votes separate the top 2! Have you voted yet? Pick our next official shirt today! 
The top 2 shirts are separated by less than 100 votes! Have you voted yet? Pick our next official shirt today! 
 Less than 100 votes separate the top 2! Have you voted yet? Pick our next official shirt today! 
ALE: Less than 100 votes separate the top 2! Have you voted yet? Pick our next official shirt today! 
 Less than 100 votes separate the top 2! Have you voted yet? Pick our next official shirt today! 
ALE: Less than 100 votes separate the top 2! Have you voted yet? Pick our next official shirt today! 
The top 2 shirts are separated by less than 100 votes! Have you voted yet? Pick our next official shirt today! 
 More Rand Paul on Jeb's Iraq position: "That’s a real problem if he can’t articulate what he would have done differently.”
 Rand Paul tells me re: Jeb's Iraq answer: "To say that nothing would happen differently means we’re going to get George Bush…
ICYMI: a new poll shows me leading in New Hampshire! Get involved in my campaign today:  
My response attached to this tweet from   
 "The right to be left alone is the most cherished of rights"- 
 
Less than 100 votes separate the top two designs! VOTE NOW &gt;&gt;  
VOTE TODAY on your favorite design and help us break the tie -;  
Our t-shirt design contest is neck and neck! VOTE TODAY and help us break the tie &gt;&gt;  
It's been a great day in NH! Wonderful to hear your questions and concerns in the town hall. Thanks for having me! 
 Yvonne from Oklahoma won the Mother's Day call today and we had a wonderful conversation. Happy Mother's Day! 
How many RETWEETS can we get of today's Bloomberg poll showing us at first place in New Hampshire? 
We're leading in New Hampshire according to a new poll out today. Help us stay there  
 leads in  for 2016 GOP field 
 poll shows and in front in 2016 GOP   via
 "What the hell is a Republican doing in SF?" tells    
 Very proud to be named a member of tech council! 
If you love liberty, technology, and want to be a part of a different kind of campaign, join with us at 
Also a big thanks to my friend Scott Banister who was an early advisor at PayPal for joining the council.
Patrick Byrne of  , Adil Khan, Steve Danziger from BAE Systems, of Schoox (2/2)
Proud to announce the first part of our tech council today! Michele Weslander Quaid of Google, of (1/2)
We are the only campaign with tech office space in Austin;SanFran, a CTO, a great tech advisory board, and a belief in privacy rights.
 Rep. Presidential candidate speaks about "DisruptingDemocracy" in SF.  
Free college? Who's paying for it? 
We are running the most disruptive campaign and technology is essential to that. Join us  
  with Rand Paul! 
 himself!  @ StartupHouse 
Thanks to Lincoln Labs, Brigade, and StartupHouse for hosting today's workspace opening in San Francisco. 
There is not another candidate in this race who on day one would stop bulk collection of records.
The reason I am in San Francisco opening a work space today is because I'm a different kind of Republican. 
  will be speaking at  with and shortly. Watch it live here: 
Great to be at StartupHouse in San Francisco.   
 Nearly 1,000 students pack the place for Senator Rand Paul. Hosted by !! 
For the mothers out there who might prefer someone other than Hillary to wish them a Happy Mother's Day  
Enter now for a chance to win a Mother's Day call from my wife Kelley for the special mom in your life &gt;&gt; 
Enter now for a chance to win a Mother's Day call from my wife Kelley for the special mom in your life  
 Very enthusiastic crowd here for 
 Sen. firing up college-campus crowd on privacy issues. 
Just arrived and the place is filled with lovers of liberty! 
 I voted for next t-shirt. Did you? 
I need your help to pick the next t-shirt released in the campaign store. Which one do you like the most?&gt;
 These are all great! Vote now to help pick ’s new T-shirt design. 
A new poll shows us yet again besting Hillary Clinton in a swing state. This time : New Hampshire! 
Today we celebrate the historic day the allies defeated the Nazis as a victory for free people triumphing over evil. 
To celebrate today's ruling we've lowered the cost of the NSA blocker in our campaign store! Get yours now  
Today's court ruling is a victory for liberty lovers everywhere. Please WATCH and RETWEET! 
Celebrate today's historic ruling with our NSA blocker! On sale until midnight only  
Been back to our site lately? Now's a perfect time with our NSA spycam blocker on sale to celebrate today's ruling! 
Been back to our site lately? Help celebrate today's ruling with our NSA spycam blocker. Sale ends at midnight! 
SALE ALE: Until midnight you can purchase our NSA blocker at a discount to celebrate today's ruling! 
Help celebrate today's ruling with our NSA spycam blocker! On sale until midnight only!
 Amid NSA ruling, Rand Paul's offering 50% discount on "NSA Spy Cam Blocker" -- now just $10  
 Rand Paul hails NSA ruling as “monumental”  
To celebrate today's ruling we've lowered the cost of the NSA spy blocker in our campaign store! Get yours here&gt; 
RETWEET if you agree with this mornings court ruling that the NSA's collection of phone records is illegal!
The phone records of law abiding citizens are none of the NSA's business! Pleased with the ruling this morning. 
Will you join the fight to End Illegal NSA Spying? Sign your petition now: 
I believe your phone records are none of the government's business. Add your name if you agree: 
With your help, I'll lead the fight to protect the civil liberties of every American. Join me: 
I need 25 from Twitter to sign their petition in the next hour to help reach our goal: 
Help stop Pres. Obama's unconstitutional NSA spying program, add your name now:  
Please sign your "End Illegal NSA Spying" petition right away:  (6/6)
Can I get 100 from Twitter to join the movement to take our country back? (5/6)
But the defenders of the surveillance state are going to do everything they can to defeat you and me. (4/6)
I will fight tooth-and-nail to stop a blanket reauthorization of this attack on our freedoms. (3/6)
Nowhere is that more clear than the fight over the so-called "PATRIOT Act's" warrantless spying provisions. (2/6)
Our movement is the biggest threat to the Washington Machine's grip on power. (1/6)
Looking forward to joining at 7pm ET on tune in! 
Endorse my campaign today and help defeat the Washington machine! -;  
Americans from across the nation have endorsed my campaign for President! Have you? -;  
 Learned to return to NH 5/11 for town hall + private mtgs..details TBA;   
Happy birthday to Republican Party of Kentucky Chairman
Join ; submit your own endorsement of my campaign today &gt;&gt;  
 Today, I am honored to endorse Senator for president of the United States. 
Thank you for your endorsement of my campaign! Add yours here   
 
It's a privilege to receive an endorsement from a great constitutional conservative like Congressman 
  has endorsed for President of the United States at a 'Stand with Rand' event in Grand Rapids, MI
Excited to be in  w/ today! Watch the big announcement live at 10:30am:  
The first Saturday in May is an American tradition unlike any other. I hope you enjoy the Kentucky Derby!  
It's almost time for the  Help support the campaign with a special edition Derby koozie! 
Join me and on Monday for a special event! RSVP here:  
It's Derby Day! What better way to celebrate than with a campaign koozie? Get yours now &gt;&gt; 
Derby Day is almost here! Keep your beverage cool with a special edition campaign koozie  
The generosity of my supporters never ceases to amaze me. Thank you for making my Bring It On! Blitz a huge success! 
I am at the this morning talking with regional chamber of commerce groups about ways to grow the economy 
Only 6 more donations are needed to reach tonight's Twitter goal. Will you chip in? 
Can I get 5 donors to donate $10 in the next half hour? Donate here: 
My campaign for President has sprinted out of the gates. Help push me forward: 
I need 8 more donors in the next hour to stay on track. Chip in now: 
The movement to take our country back is growing! Join me today:  
Please donate to my "Bring It On!" Blitz right away:  (6/6)
Will you be one of those 25 to chip in tonight before the deadline? (5/6)
But we still need 25 donors from Twitter to say "Bring It On!" before midnight tonight. (4/6)
My hope is that my campaign will have growing support across in every town ; city in America. (3/6)
Your support inches us closer to reaching our projections ; fundraising goals for April. (2/6)
According to my staff, a lot of folks from Twitter have stepped up in the past week. (1/6)
The fiscal crisis that faces our nation must be taken seriously. As President, I'll work to balance our budget. 
Thanks to everyone who joined me and as we celebrated her book! 
I questioned Sec. of Homeland Security today ; received some troubling replies. Full video:  
 2016 GOP presidential candidate Rand Paul to campaign in Grand Rapids Monday.  
Reminder - the deadline to submit your t-shirt design is April 30. Don't delay and submit your entry today! 
We're seeking the help of creative talent across the country to design our next campaign t-shirt. Enter today  
 Thank you to everyone who attended my book party. I'm thrilled our auction raised over 6k for charity! ht…
Help design our next campaign t-shirt! The top submissions will be featured in our official online store. 
Only 8 more donations are needed to reach our Twitter goal. Will you chip in tonight? 
Barry C. from Tennessee just donated to my campaign's Bring It On! Blitz. You can right here -; 
The Big Money establishment wants a fight. Let's give them one! Donate right away: 
I need 9 more donations in the next hour to stay on track. Chip in now: 
Help me fight the smears! Donate now to my campaign's Bring it On! Blitz:  
Please chip to my campaign's "Bring it On" Fundraising Blitz ; join the fight to take our country back:  (6/6)
But I need your help to fight back right away. Can I get 30 donations from Twitter by midnight tonight? (5/6)
With your support, I'm ready. All I have to say is, "Bring It On!" (4/6)
I know they're going to use every opportunity to crank up their attack machine. (3/6)
The media unloaded smears on me with both barrels after polls showed me leading Hillary Clinton in key swing states like CO, IA ; PA. (2/6)
Money talks in DC ; big spenders in both parties will scour through my fundraising report to see if you ; I can keep up our momentum. (1/6)
Help design our next campaign t-shirt! The winning designs will be featured in our online store. Submit your design: 
For those interested in our t-shirt design contest, you can download a vector file of our logo here &gt;&gt; 
Help us crowd-source our next store item: a new t-shirt! Let your creativity flow. 
Calling All Designers - we need your help to create our next campaign t-shirt! Submit your creative designs here &gt;&gt; 
 Jewish leaders meet with in Brooklyn. 
Enjoyed being on a great way to start a busy morning. 
Looking forward to joining in a few minutes! Tune in 
  talking about to the 's yesterday. Thanks Senator!   
  speaking tonight at the Iowa Faith and Freedom coalition event in Waukee, Iowa 
Thanks for a great event! 2gether we can defeat the Washington Machine ; unleash the American Dream! 
Enjoyed meeting folks from Vinton ; Grinnell  today! Together, we can defeat the Washington Machine  
Today I was endorsed by Craig Lang, a former Iowa Farm Bureau President. Together let's fight for US agriculture! 
 Talking about importance of the Fuel Choice and Deregulation Act this morning with and Craig Lang.  
Thanks to for joining me at to discuss Fuel Choice and Deregulation Act 
As President, I will immediately end all illegal domestic spying programs! Join me today &gt;&gt;  
On day one in the Oval Office, I will END the NSA's illegal assault on your rights. Can I count on your support? 
Sadly, one GOP candidate thinks the NSA's violation of your rights is "very important." Tell him, he's wrong: 
I sued the NSA because they violate your privacy. Our nominee should know that. Click to help  
  visiting with local physicians at a house party tonight in Ames 
The best thing Obama has done? His illegal NSA spying program is one of the worst!  if you agree, then click here: 
I hope you will join the movement to take our country back. Can I count on your support?  (8/8)
If you agree the NSA's illegal domestic spying program was one of the WORST parts of the Obama administration (7/8)
That's fine. I know grassroots patriots like you have my back. (6/8)
Candidates who back the surveillance state can always count on the big bucks from the Washington Machine. (5/8)
The metadata collection program was created by the Executive Branch. And on Day One, I will end this illegal assault on our rights. (4/8)
I'm in this race to defeat restore our liberties.  And that starts with ENDING the NSA's illegal domestic spying program. (3/8)
I would say the best part of the Obama administration is when it's over and Barack Obama can do no more damage to the country. (2/8)
"The best part of the Obama administration." That's how one member of our party described the NSA's illegal domestic spying program. (1/8)
As President, I will immediately stop the NSA's illegal domestic spying programs ; defend the entire Bill of Rights. 
10:40am CT: I'm joining ; on to discuss Fuel Choice ; Deregulation Act. Tune in- 
WATCH and get involved with the campaign today  
RETWEET if you agree we must keep the Internet free from government regulation! Join us &gt;&gt;  
Thank you to for their support of my efforts to restore privacy and keep illegal government surveillance out of our lives!
As President, I will oppose any attempt by the government to tax, regulate, monitor or control the Internet. 
 Today I introduced the bipartisan House companion to Fuel Choice ; Deregulation Act by and 
 going to need another campaign plane just for her baggage! Learn more &gt;&gt;  
When travels she's going to need a separate plane just for all her baggage.  
We must adopt common sense solutions to balance our budget. Join me if you agree   
There couldn't be more stark of a contrast between Hillary's record ; mine. WATCH ; chip in:  
Hillary's career is defined by scandal: Deleted emails. Benghazi. Foreign government donations. Help tell the truth: 
 The cost for rehab is less than10% of the cost for incarceration. Thanks for  
 We need more programs like  to slow recidivism ; get people back on their feet. 
 Texas Offenders ReentryInitiative shows that charity is more efficient ; effective than govt.
Polling shows I'm the best candidate to take on Hillary in key swing states. Donate to help make me the nominee: 
We must nominate a candidate who will take on the Washington machine. Chip in now to help:  
As President, I will work to balance our budget and only spend what comes in. Join me &gt;&gt;  
ICYMI- I joined on to discuss hypocrisy of campaign. Watch ;  if you agree: 
Do you have more information on foreign donations?&gt;&gt;  
Check out this wonderful review of book,  via 
Check out this wonderful review of book,  via 
 Sunrise, this morning at .  
Do you know of accepting money from foreign countries? Report it now &gt;&gt; 
 Look who I ran into at    
 Kelley Paul speaks at book festival  
Do you have additional information about Hillary Clinton accepting foreign money? Report it to us now  
So do you support civil asset forfeiture and Lynch's unconstitutional theft: because THAT is what's embarrassing.
Do you know who is the biggest defender of this corrupt policy and defended it recently? Loretta Lynch. That's why I oppose her nomination.
 did a series on this. They found majorities and the poor are disproportionally affected by civil asset forfeiture.
Civil forfeiture. This is where the government can take your stuff without being convicted of a crime.
In our country you should be presumed innocent until found guilty.
Your phone records are yours and it's none of the governments damn business what you do on your phone!
I don't think you can defend the 2nd amendment unless you defend the fourth amendment.
For us to win the purple states we need to be the party that defends the entire bill of rights
That's why we need a physician to bring a different mentality and solve problems.
Great Groucho quote “Politics is art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying wrong remedies.”
The only time they ever thank God in DC is when congress is not in session.
New Hampshire is liberty country!  
Just arrived in Merrimack, NH! 
Good morning, Kentucky! Join Kelley at the Southern KY Book Festival today at 9am -  
Another great stop on my afternoon monuments run. WWII monument, let's always remember these great patriots. 
Kelley will be signing copies of her book "True and Constant Friends" tomorrow at the Southern KY Book festival 10am 
My wife Kelley will be at the Southern Kentucky Book Festival in Bowling Green tomorrow. I hope you'll join her! 
Do you have additional information about accepting foreign money? Report it now  
My wife Kelley will be at the Southern Kentucky Book Festival in Bowling Green tomorrow. I hope you'll join her! 
I went on a great monument run today in my 'live free or die' t-shirt. Getting pumped for my visit to  tomorrow! 
 Author Kelley Paul, wife of will be at for TRUE AND CONSTANT FRIENDS! Details are here: 
My wife Kelley will be signing copies of her book tonight in Lexington, KY at 7 PM. Please join her if you can! 
If you're in the area tomorrow, I hope you'll join my wife Kelley for her book signing in Crestview Hills, Kentucky. 
WATCH highlights from my rally in Nevada and sign up to get involved today &gt;&gt; 
 My better half Kelley and me at the beach! Get updates and book info from Kelley on FB  
To unleash the American dream, we must cut taxes and downsize the IRS. RETWEET if you agree! 
Kelley had a wonderful event in NH this am! Thanks to for hosting! 
Have you ordered your  sticker yet? Don't let take us back to the past! 
Show everyone that you support  You'll make a statement and also support my campaign. 
Do you agree that America needs  Order your sticker today  
TONIGHT 5PM ET: Watch  on w/ ; to hear about secret weapon, Kelley. 
My wife Kelley got to meet this morning in New York! Spectacular talent! 
My wife Kelley will be live on in 1 minute! Tune in 
I only need 8 more donors to reach the Twitter goal. Can you chip in $10? 
Hillary Clinton personifies the Washington machine. Help me  
$10 will make an impact. Help me reach 50 voters with my new ad:  
I need 7 donors in the next hour to stay on track. Will you help me reach $2 million raised online? 
  "If you look at he makes it look cool to be a Republican again." Do you agree?  
Help me put my new ad on the air. Donate $25 to reach 167 voters:  
Can I get 25 donors on Twitter to boost the numbers? Chip in right away:  (7/7)
But my   Bomb is still short of our $2 million goal. (6/7)
Showing why I am the best Republican candidate to take on and defeat Hillary in 2016. (5/7)
My campaign created a brand new ad highlighting Hillary's failed leadership. (4/7)
Conflicts of interest and failed leadership with tragic consequences. (3/7)
Arrogance of power, corruption and cover ups. (2/7)
Hillary Clinton represents the worst of the Washington machine. (1/7)
RETWEET if you agree that represents everything wrong with Washington.  
 Tonight at 7p ET: goes ‘On The Record’ with to discuss Hillary Clinton ; the 2016 GOP contest. 
If you were a 2016 presidential candidate, who would you be? PLAY here &gt;&gt;  
Which 2016 presidential candidate are you? PLAY here &gt;&gt; 
You and I are only 8 Twitter donors away from reaching our goal. Chip in now: 
Our Republican Party must  Help get my new ad on the air in IA, NH, SC ; NV:  
$3 will reach 20 voters. Can we get 10 donors in 10 minutes to chip in $3?  
WATCH: My new ad showing why I'm the best candidate to take on Hillary -- DONATE:  
I need 9 donors in the next hour to stay on track. Donate now to help push me over $2 million: 
Help put my ad on the air in Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina ; Nevada:  
Please chip in to push my  Defeat Hillary Money Bomb over $2 million!  (6/6)
I need your help to get them on the air. Can I get 40 donors from Twitter tonight? (5/6)
That is why I've asked my staff to begin running my brand new ad in key primary states right away. (4/6)
I believe that these scandals disqualify Hillary from holding higher office -- and voters across America deserve to know the truth. (3/6)
Her failure of leadership in Benghazi.. Her use of a private email server... Her acceptance of funds from foreign governments... (2/6)
A Hillary Clinton presidency would be a disaster. But I'm worried that her friends in the media won't tell the whole story. (1/6)
 
Hillary Clinton does not think the law applies to her. Join us at 

How many people out there agree?  
Limited edition store item: "Hillary's hard drive"  
The Clintons believe they are above the law. America, what we need right now is  
America is ready for  WATCH and add your name if you agree! &gt;&gt; 
There are new items specific to Hillary Clinton's announcement that just went for sale in our campaign store 
What this country needs is  
Let's get  trending! Retweet and use today when tweeting
 
Hillary Clinton represents the very worst of the Washington Machine. Let's support  

 We're live with 
Tune in to on now! The great ; I discuss 2016 presidential race and more. 
  getting ready to join on to discuss 2016 and more. Tune in! 
Photos from our wonderful Nevada stop this afternoon. H/T 
 Joining us in Nevada! 
Five minutes left in the sale! This design will not be offered again 
One hour left! This is your last chance to buy a limited edition bumper sticker&gt;  
About to tape with 

|LIVE NOW| There is no monopoly on knowledge in DC! 

|LIVE NOW| Speaking now from Vegas. Excited crowd 
Listening backstage. Ready to talk with liberty lovers from Nevada 
Las Vegas it's time for liberty. 
|LIVE NOW| From the event in  . About to begin 
It's great to be in  !
 Packed crowd in Las Vegas for last stop of presidential announcement tour   
Enjoyed meeting all the young supporters this morning in California! Thanks for all your help 
Order NOW to receive two special edition Rand Paul bumper stickers for the price of one&gt;  
Like Reagan, I believe in "Peace through Strength." Get involved in the Palmetto State &gt;&gt; 
Only four more hours in the flash sale! Get your special edition bumper sticker now!  
Last stop on the  announcement tour: Las Vegas! Join me at noon 
Own a collectors item! These limited edition bumper stickers are only available until 4pm:  
The Flash Sale ends at 4! Don't miss out on this collector's item--get your bumper sticker:  
Still up? Get your limited edition bumper sticker! Our flash sale only goes until 4pm Saturday, so act now! 
***Can we get 5 more donors in the next 30 minutes?*** Chip in here: 
I'm not going to back down from our conservative principles -- even if the press is on the attack. Are you with me? 
Don't miss your chance for limited edition bumper stickers! Buy one, get one free right now&gt;&gt;  
Chris from Owensboro, KY just donated to my campaign for President. Push me over $2 million, contribute right away: 
I need 16 donors in the next hour to stay on track. Help me become our GOP nominee: 
The media is on the attack because I'm the best candidate to take on Hillary. Chip in ; fight  
Please contribute whatever you can afford right away and help push me past $2 million raised online!  (6/6)
I need your help to fight back. Can I get 50 donors from Twitter tonight? (5/6)
Polling has proved that I'm the best candidate to take on Hillary in 2016. That's why the smears haven't stopped. (4/6)
Have you gotten your limited edition announcement week bumper sticker? Get yours now in the 24 hour flash sale! 
The only way for our Republican Party to take back the White House is to boldly stand for our principles. (3/6)
The media has been caught red-handed LYING about an interview I sat for. But I haven't backed down. (2/6)
Since my announcement on Tuesday, it seems that the press has painted a target on my back. (1/6)
You've seen our site, but have you seen these bumper stickers? It's a flash sale! They're only here for 24 hours  
We're having a 24 hour flash sale of limited edition bumper stickers! Come back to our website and get yours now  
24 hour flash sale of limited edition bumper stickers! Get yours NOW  
Two for one limited edition bumper stickers! Own a collectors item
24 hour flash sale of limited edition bumper stickers! Get yours NOW  
24 hour flash sale of limited edition bumper stickers! Click below to get yours NOW  
24 hour flash sale of limited edition bumper stickers starts NOW! Get yours  
24 hour flash sale of limited edition bumper sticker starts NOW! Get yours:   
WATCH and join our team to help win New Hampshire &gt;&gt; 
We'll be having a flash sale this afternoon 4 a limited edition store product. Here's a sneak preview of the item&gt;&gt; 
We didn't turn the lights off and neither did my staff. CNN producers did. It was time for my interview with - Team Rand
Great day at I'm inspired by this generation's devotion to liberty and so grateful for their support. 
We're live on Periscope with talking criminal justice. Don't miss it! 
For the crazy diamonds to shine government must get out of the way. "Shine on you crazy diamond."
Whether you're ideas are politically correct or not, whether you're a painter or a self-proclaimed prophet, the exhortation is to shine...
I see an America strong enough to deter foreign aggression, yet wise enough to avoid unnecessary intervention.
Let's get government out of the way so that everyone has a fair chance to succeed, and let the markets work!
I co-authored legislation with Senator Grassley to deregulate alt fuels. Our tax code and federal laws create an unfair playing field.
We've got the best farmers in the world supported by the best agribusinesses in the world. Let’s tear down the government regulations!
If we want kids to get engaged, we need to go boldly forth under a banner of liberty that clutches the Constitution and the Bill of Rights!
I am here in Iowa to announce that I will fight for your right to be left alone.  I will fight to protect your privacy.
The government has no business peering through your records, combing through emails or monitoring your social media.
When I visit college campuses, I am encouraged.  The students I meet are among the most passionate defenders of liberty anywhere. You get it
Don't miss my Periscope interview with today at 12pm!   
Thanks for visiting our website! Have you donated yet? Help us break through $1,500,000 raised online  
We're about to break through $1,500,000 raised online! Have you donated? Click below to join with us today  
We're about to break through $1,500,000 raised online! Have you chipped in? Click below to join with us today  
We're about to break through $1,500,000 raised online! Have you chipped in? Click below to join us ; donate now  
Polls in key swing states show that I'm leading Hillary! Chip in now to help me win the nomination: 
I'm running for President to bring Republican values back to the White House. Join my campaign now: 
Saw this being shared by supporters on Facebook. Great graphic to whoever made it. Keep them coming! 
Chip in right away to help my campaign to  and pass $1,500,000 raised online: 
I'm at the top of the polls, so the liberal media is on the attack. Help me fight back:  
It's great to be with the  group tonight at I'm honored to be supported by such bright young minds. 
 JC Watts, me, and at  rally today in Charleston. 
New polls show that I would be the strongest GOP candidate against Hillary. Donate to help &gt;&gt;  
 “It’s been a good week for the campaign,” said:  
 His slam dunk answer on abortion backed into an inescapable corner  
WATCH the viral video that everyone is talking about and RETWEET if you stand with me for life!
"Rand Paul has legitimate chance at becoming GOP nominee for president, Thayer says." Read more: 
Retweet if you want a nominee who can actually beat Hillary Clinton. 
My campaign for President is taking off! I'm leading Hillary in key states. Can you help out?  
Thanks for being one of the first to visit our website! Have you donated yet? Click below to contribute  
Thanks for being one of the first to visit our website! Have you donated yet? Chip-in $5 here  
Polls show I'm the best candidate to take on Hillary in 2016.  ; chip in $20.16 to help:  
Thanks for visiting our website! Have you donated yet? Join with us to defeat the Washington machine today!  
And if war should prove unavoidable, America will fight with overwhelming force and we will not relent until victory is ours
The world should not mistake reluctance for inaction.
As commander in chief, the world will know that our objective is peace but the world will not to mistake our desire for peace for passivity
I will never take the country to war without just cause or without the Constitutional approval of Congress.
I vow to judge questions of war with a solemn and profound deliberation
I will never forget our veterans. I will never forget our soldiers in the field.
One thing I know is true: we owe a debt of gratitude to the men and women who fight for our Bill of Rights ; no one should ever forget it.
War brings with it great obligations. These obligations don't end when our brave young men ; women return from war.  It's the beginning.
The consequences are potentially ominous. That responsibility should never be given to anyone who frivolously and cavalierly calls for war
There is no greater responsibility for any legislator or any leader than to determine when we go to war.
Join with us to defeat the Washington machine and unleash the American dream! Chip-in here  
Join with us to defeat the Washington machine and unleash the American dream! Donate here  
Join with us to defeat the Washington machine and unleash the American dream! Contribute here  
Join with us to defeat the Washington machine and unleash the American dream!  
NEW POLLS: I'm leading Hillary but I need your help. Can I get 30 donors in the next hour?  
Hillary's extremist pro-abortion allies are attacking me for being pro-life. Who do you stand with? Vote now&gt;&gt; 
 Line out the door in South Carolina for rally!   
Hillary's extremist pro-abortion allies are attacking me for being pro-life. Who do you stand with? Vote now&gt;&gt; 
Hillary's extremist pro-abortion allies are attacking me for being pro-life. Who do you stand with? Vote now! 
Hillary's extremist pro-abortion allies are attacking me for being pro-life. Who do you stand with? Vote now! 
Hillary's extremist pro-abortion allies are attacking me for being pro-life. Who do you stand with? Vote now! 
 New digital ads, running in IA, NH, SC and NV, ask viewers to not click “skip this ad” button: 
Hillary's extremist pro-abortion allies are attacking me for being pro-life. Who do you stand with? Vote now! 
We will beat Hillary! Help prove the polls right by contributing here: 
New polls this morning show I have the best chance to beat Hillary Clinton! Iowa: 43 Paul, 42 Clinton ; Colorado: 44 Paul, 41 Clinton
I will always stand up for the unborn! DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz is completely wrong on the issue. 
  released this morning has Rand beating Hillary in swing states Iowa, Colorado  
Order your official Rand Paul NSA web cam blocker today and secure your privacy! 
Order your official Rand Paul NSA web cam blocker today and secure your privacy! 
Order your official Rand Paul 'Defeat The Washington Machine' t-shirt! Click below to order now  
Order your official Rand Paul hat today! Click below to order now  
Order your official Rand Paul hoodie today! Click below to order now  
This one's a classic. Order your official Rand Paul 'Don't drone me, bro' shirt today! Click below to order now  
Order your official Rand Paul t-shirt today! Click below to order now  
Hillary's extremist pro-abortion allies are attacking me for being pro-life. Who do you stand with? Vote now! 
How many retweets can we get?  
 he does and so do we  
  
Do you  Download here and tweet us your picture:  
INCREDIBLE! Thanks to supporters like you my campaign for President has now raised over $1,000,000 - entirely ONLINE. 
Your support is incredible. We're less than $10,000 away from $1,000,000! Donate now to push me over the top: 
Less than $25,000 away from $1,000,000 raised for my campaign for President. Help me fight:  
My campaign is so close to raising our first $1,000,000. I need your help to raise the next $50,000 ASAP. Donate now 
We are so close to reaching $1,000,000 raised. Will you contribute now?    
Lunch in New Hampshire means the dollar menu /spending wisely 
Help me reach $1,000,000 raised to defeat the Washington machine. Contribute now   
 I am a college student with a passion for spreading the message of liberty and I  
 I  from the beginning to the end!  😊 
Wow! My  Money Bomb just passed $900,000 raised online. Will you help push the ticker higher? 
Have you seen the ticker? We're less than $20,000 away from $900,000! Donate here  … 
Have you seen the ticker? We're less than $20,000 away from $900,000! Have you donated yet?  
 Overflow crowd for in Milford, NH  
I will fight to keep the federal government out of New Hampshire, out of your homes, and out of your businesses and out of your churches.
A government that sifts through your personal records does not leave you free.
They admonished you to live free.  A government that takes half your pay does not leave you free.
They didn't clamor to be left half-free.They didn't whimper to be left half-dead. NH founders didn't seek out the mushy middle
When the founders of New Hampshire came up with motto:  Live free or die, they didn't leave a lot of wiggle room.
 At work, but I definitely   
Have you seen the ticker? We're less than $50,000 away from $900,000! Have you donated yet?  
Thanks to your support, my campaign has raised over $800,000 -- just online! Can you help me reach $1,000,000 today? 
More great  submissions! Join in here&gt; 
Showtime with on the Tune in now to hear about my announcement for the presidency! 
Looking forward to joining on the at 7:05am! Tune in!
I'm announcing my candidacy for President of the United States! Join with us at 
I'm announcing my candidacy for President of the United States! Join with us at 
I'm announcing my candidacy for President of the United States! Join with us at  
Thank you Twitter, we reached tonight's goal! If you haven't donated yet, you can right here: 
You and I are only 9 donations away from our Twitter goal. Donate now to my  Money Bomb: 
 Rand Paul to Hannity: GOP Should Stand Up for More Amendments Than Just the Second  (VIDEO) 
The  needs to look more like America. I will continue to fight for a bigger, better and bolder party. 
 = hypocrisy 
You and I are only 21 donations away from our Twitter goal. Contribute to my  Money Bomb here: 
Tune in to now! I am speaking with about my run for the White House.  
I need 11 more donors in the next half hour. Are you with me? 
Help my campaign for President defeat the Washington machine by donating right away: 
Tonight I attended liberty karaoke in New Hampshire. Surprisingly one of the best singers was 
 of the New York Jets just donated my campaign for President. Have you? Donate now: 
Today, I announce my candidacy for President of the United States! Join with us at  
Today, I announce my candidacy for President of the United States! Join with us at 
Today, I announce my candidacy for President of the United States! Join with us at 
Today I announce my candidacy for President of the United States! Join with us at 
 Tomorrow on TODAY... Exclusive live interview with Senator 
16 donors are needed in the next hour to stay on track. Chip in to my  Money Bomb now: 
Send the Big Government cronies in both parties a message by donating now:  (7/7)
Can I get 100 donations to my  Money Bomb by midnight? (6/7)
I'm running for the Republican nomination for President of the United States. And today, I need to know if you're with me. (5/7)
With your help, I believe we can send shockwaves through our political system, win the White House ; get on with restoring liberty. (4/7)
Thankfully, our national media doesn't get to pick and choose our Republican Party's presidential nominees. Patriots like YOU do! (3/7)
So even though I'm at or near the top of every state poll for the nomination, they continue to try and dismiss my message of liberty! (2/7)
The media tells you and I that we should choose a GOP nominee with a track record full of sellouts, compromises and betrayals. (1/7)
Please Retweet!  
Click below to order your official Rand Paul t-shirt today! 
Order your official Rand Paul t-shirt today  
 I  
 First Time Voter and I plan to   
Order your official Rand Paul NSA web cam blocker today  
Click below to order your official Rand Paul NSA web cam blocker today! 
 ⬅️ I'm a Jewish, libertarian, millennial and I'm voting for
I hope you tune in for the full hour of tonight at 10pm on A great discussion! 
Click below to order your official Rand Paul hoodie today! 
Some of the best  submissions! Download yours and share it with us   
Order your official Rand Paul hoodie today  
 I  from    
 First time voter here and I plan to  
  
 announced that he is running for President today. Bring on 2016! I  
Photos across the country of people tweeting  with this image &gt;&gt; Please keep them coming!
 bring on 2016... Because I  
 When an ophthalmologist runs for president:  
$20.16 for your own campaign inspired eye chart. Get yours  
  
 From Texas 💙🇺🇸❤️     
  
Please RETWEET if I have your support! 
Download yours here &gt;&gt;   
  
Answering questions from you now on Facebook  
I'll be answering questions shortly on Facebook here: 
 I  
Graphic designer? Get involved right now by download high quality logo and making art. Tweet us after&gt;&gt;   
Thanks to Krista Maas from Everson, Washington for being a donor to our money bomb! Please donate here 
Join us from wherever you are this week by tweeting us a photo with this print out ( using 
  
Today I announce my candidacy for President of the United States! Join with us at  
Today I announce my candidacy for President of the United States! Join with us at  
 
 
Any deal between the U.S. and Iran should be approved by Congress!
The enemy is radical Islam.
 
 
 
Watch online right now at 
It's time to defeat the Washington machine and unleash the American dream! Watch my speech right now: 
Watching backstage 
 Congrats to Senator Rand Paul and his awesome family. Running for President is a family affair. Best wishes Senator.
 GOP? More like the Rand Old Party. I'm with you  
 I  because I stand for liberty. 
Live stream is up at 
Join with us to defeat the Washington machine and unleash the American dream! Donate $5 here  
Join with us to defeat the Washington machine and unleash the American dream! Chip-in $5 here  
Join with us to defeat the Washington machine and unleash the American dream! Contribute here  
Join with us to defeat the Washington machine. Contribute here  
Watch Live  
Enjoying the photos coming in! Keep them coming by printing this off and uploading with  
Join in from home today! Tweet a selfie with this printed off using  
Show your support today! Print this off and tweet a photo of yourself using  
Will you join us in showing support from across the country? Print this out and use  tweet back photo  
This is your campaign. Here's a link to our logo for graphic designers across the country to use  
We will be live streaming today's speech. I will answer questions after  from this Facebook post so leave yours: 
&lt;3hours . More at  
Its a great day to be in Kentucky! Following our special event, I will join for an entire hour on at 10:00pm EST.
