Honored to have retired Army Sgt. and Purple Heart recipient Cody Queen join me at our Palm Beach rally tonight. 
I was taught being humble is a virtue. Now, being humble is a weakness, and being vain and self-absorbed is somehow a virtue.
 Really impressive crowds for in South Florida 
It's about them.
Our great state of Florida plays an important role in defending America: 
Florida: tomorrow is your day to vote! Here's everything you need to know before you go →  
Tomorrow's the day when we're going to shock the country.
This election is the most important in a generation. And Florida, you have an important role to play:  
Melbourne, I want to see as many of you as possible before the polls open! Join me TODAY at 2 PM:  
People are frustrated. But leaders cannot say whatever they want, because words have consequences. 
Leadership is not about making people even angrier and more frustrated. 
WEST MIAMI: join me tomorrow in the city I'm proud to call home. Attend our homecoming meet ; greet:  
The other night at the  I talked about a volunteer who's encouraged me to keep fighting. Here he is: 
REMINDER: I'll be in Jacksonville tomorrow AM ; I want to see you there! I won't stop fighting. Join me:  
Meet me in Melbourne tomorrow afternoon ; hear why it all comes down to Florida. RSVP now:  
 Update: press avail about violence at Trump rally now has over 115,000 views on YouTube. Watch ; : 
Honored to have Bill Martin, a 94-year-old World War II veteran, making calls for us in Fort Myers today. 
 From - Rubio ranks only behind Reagan as a conservative communicator 
Leaders don’t stoke anger, they try to solve it. 
It all comes down to Florida.
Vote early until 4 PM in West Palm Beach ; then rally w/ me tomorrow night! Take action now:  
We're in the busiest 48 hrs of this campaign! Join me in Orlando tonight ; keep up the hard work!  
Early voting is happening until 4pm today in several counties in FL. Get info here ; go vote early today!  
Thank you to Pastor David Uth ; First Baptist Orlando for your prayers ; for making me feel so welcome this morning. 
Gracias por su apoyo! Thank you for your support,  
I do not want the conservative movement to be defined by what I’m seeing out of Donald Trump’s campaign. 
Join me at The Villages today! Hear why I'm counting on you to win Florida ; stop Donald Trump:  
 Lived in DMV my whole life and my vote never mattered before today.  cc  
 DC's changed a lot in last decade. It's a minority-majority city that's embracing the future. And today voted for it 
I am honored to have the support of this great coalition of Florida veterans:   
  crushed it today during Miami swing for 
 Voted in hometown of  what a cool Snapchat filter   
 Driving through FL for spring break repping the whole way!!!🇺🇸   
 Voted for today!  
It's  in Florida! There's still time for you to join the thousands who have already cast their votes: 
Thank you for the support! Glad to have earned your vote.   
Our Pensacola Rally tonight will now be held at the Palafox Wharf. Vote early now ; join us tonight!   
ORLANDO: Help spread the word about  Phone bank w/ ; a very special guest:  
Share this message from with your friends, and then go vote for me today on   
 Use this snapchat geofilter in FL ; tweet the screenshot using  for a chance to win a signed Marco hat👌 
 Loud cheers to greet from crowd packed into BBQ joint here. 
 it's  in Florida! You know what that means: vote for !!!  🇺🇸❤️
Vote early today, then rally w/ me tonight in Pensacola! RSVP now:   
Being a leader means acknowledging people's anger, but trying to address why they're angry, not manipulating their anger.
 Florida! Today is  , call your friends and head to the polls to vote for a 🆕🇺🇸💯!  
 The Ruiz family already voted in Orlando for Marco Rubio  
It's  in Florida so we've created an interactive geofilter only available at early vote sites 
Florida: we can stop Donald Trump right here in our state. Get out and vote for me today!   
Words have consequences: 
Don't wait to vote until Tuesday. Get out and vote for me tomorrow, Florida!   
Looking forward to our rally in Pinellas County tomorrow! Hope to see you there.  
 “He is the only GOP candidate who can turn blue states purple or red. on why she supports 
Our veterans deserve respect, not empty promises. 
We're calling tomorrow  Make your plans now to get out ; vote for me!  
 Honored to have your vote! Thank you so much.
It is time to fix our relationship with Israel -- not be "neutral" 
Rally w/ me tomorrow in Pinellas County, then vote early! Florida I'm counting on YOUR support:  
Last night's  made it clear who was prepared and who has the best grasp of the issues facing our country. 
If you vote for me, when I’m elected president, this generation will do its part. 
Want to show your support for Marco right now? Chip in $5 now!  
Leadership is about using the anger to motivate us, not to define us.  
 — this is what a "good deal" with Cuba would actually look like:
I'm not interested in being politically correct. I'm interested in being correct.  
 Presidents can’t just say anything they want. It has consequences, here and around the world.  
Watching the  Chip in to our campaign right now, right from Twitter: 
Marco raised concerns about Common Core from the start — he'll send control back to the states.  
 "I am against any changes to Social Security that are bad for my mother."-  
Our workers are the most productive in the world. Our people are the most innovative on this planet.  
If a company is caught abusing the H-1B process, they should never be allowed to use it again. 
If we make the right choice in this election, our children will be the freest and most prosperous Americans that have ever lived. 
 With just five days to go before the Florida Primary, new polls show closing fast:  
Watch the  on 📺: along online with us here 💻: 
 Retweet if you're cheering for in tonight's  
Handing over my Twitter account to - tune into the  at 8:30pm ET on Follow our liveblog: 
Excited to take the stage in Miami! Tune in to CNN at 8:30 PM ET for tonight's  
I'm hosting a Saturday night rally in Pensacola ; I want to see you there! RSVP now to attend:  
 Micah helping volunteer for at his headquarters in Pensacola!    🇺🇸 
 Thank you! Glad to have earned your vote.
No group of Americans deserves greater respect than those who’ve put their lives on the line to defend our country. 
TONIGHT: is hosting debate watch parties across FL! Find one near you ; RSVP:  
Two new polls show that the race in Florida is closer than ever. Join our team and help us stop Donald Trump: 
 Marco is the only one who can stop Trump in Florida. Don't wait. Vote early!   
I understand people are angry ; frustrated. Anger can motivate us, but it shouldn't define us. Anger is not a plan.
FLORIDA: Together we can stop Donald Trump in our state. Vote early and then get your friends ; family to vote too. 
If you are truly committed to denying Donald Trump 99 delegates in the state of Florida, you should vote for me. 
Tomorrow we're hosting  watch parties across Florida. You WON'T want to miss this:  
 Tune into now! town hall with is starting!
Be sure to tune into tonight at 8 ET for my town hall with
 The crowd in Hialeah is fired up for tonight!   
FLORIDA: You have until 5pm today to request your absentee ballot. Don't wait any longer. Vote today!  
NOH CAROLINA: Join ; for our Wake County Office Opening tonight:  
I've been here before. Once again in Florida, I face an opponent ahead in the polls who is not who he says he is.
Poll after poll have shown one thing: ; cannot beat Hillary Clinton. But I can. 
Get ready Hialeah: come rally w/ me tonight before the next  Space is limited, RSVP now:  
 New poll: Rubio only GOP candidate not losing to Clinton. Trump gets beat by historic margins. 
Join Veterans for Marco today in Sarasota, Punta Gorda ; Cape Coral! Several special guests will be there: 
The Hawaii caucuses are open until 8pm HST! Check your caucus location here ; go vote for me →  
In one week it all comes down to Florida. Where it all began. 
Join for our Wake County office opening tomorrow w/   
Honored to have the support of Hawaii's former Lt. Governor Duke Aiona. Make sure to caucus for me tonight, Hawaii! 
 I just voted for in the  and you should too! 
The polls are closing in less than 2 hours in Mississippi and most of Michigan! Call a friend, and then get out and vote for me!
 Mother/Daughter bonding is going to our early voting location and casting our ballots for in Pasco, FL🍊 
 Avery's first voting day! She said - "mamamama" (read: vote for ). Smart kid.  
I'm proud to welcome the support of this great team of leaders in Northeast Florida.  
Multiple terror attacks today in Israel, our prayers with the victims. We cannot be neutral between Israel and those who use terror.
1 week until the Florida Primary! Take action now by voting absentee →   
  on front pages across Florida this morning!   
IDAHO: It's your day to make your voice heard! Find your polling place here and then get out and vote.  
Iran continues to test ballistic missiles that threaten Israel. As President, I will end Obama's Iran deal on day 1. 
MISSISSIPPI: it’s your day to vote! Find your polling place here and then get out and vote for me!  
One week until the  Join me tonight for rallies in Sarasota ; NE Florida:  
MICHIGAN: Today's your day! Find your polling place here:  
Rally w/ me in Sarasota ; St Johns County tomorrow ; hear why I'm used to proving the naysayers wrong:  
Our team keeps growing all over the country. Proud to have the support of these Hawaii leaders: 
Everything you need to know about voting early or on election day in Florida:  
Proud to welcome this group of national security experts to our team: 
Real solutions, no bombastic rhetoric. Tonight in Tampa ; Sanford that's exactly what you'll get. RSVP:  
ICYMI, the endorsed our campaign for president. Read why:  
Was great meeting with thousands of voters from across Idaho. Don't forget to vote tomorrow! 
After my speech at  on Saturday, I sat down with to answer a few questions: 
I've been the underdog before. It didn't stop me then, and it won't stop me now. 
Looking forward to our rallies in Tampa and Seminole County tomorrow! Get details ; RSVP:  
Thank you, Puerto Rico! ¡Gracias, Puerto Rico! 
  projected to win the Puerto Rico primary, earning all 23 delegates! 
Are you ready Idaho? Rally w/ me tonight in Idaho Falls ; Boise! If you haven't yet, RSVP now:  
Today our nation mourns the loss of Nancy Reagan, a true example of integrity and grace. My prayers are with the entire Reagan family.
Such a high energy crowd at our rally in Puerto Rico last night! 
Rally with me in Idaho Falls ; Boise tomorrow night! Time is running out to RSVP, don't wait:  
The Florida primary is coming up — and I need your vote! 
ICMYI, I spoke at  today about the conservative movement and the choice we face in this election: 
Louisiana -- you have four hours left to vote! Call a friend and then get out ; vote for me.  
Was an honor to address  for the 7th year in a row! Enjoyed meeting so many great conservatives. 
 Voted for my man today.  🇺🇸
There's still time to vote in Kansas! Polls close at 2PM.   
My thoughts and prayers are w/Coral Springs rally for Missing for 9 yrs in  
Today, be part of the 1st  Locations are open until 4 PM. Vote now!  
  is about to speak at Watch live here:  
Rally with me today at 2:30pm in Jacksonville! RSVP now — space is going fast!  
 Kansas, you ready?!  Hope to see you out caucusing for today! Find your caucus location here   
KANSAS: caucus locations open at 10 AM! Find your location here:   
Louisiana, Kentucky, Kansas and Maine: today's your day!  to say you're with us. 
Kansas: I hope I've earned your vote tomorrow at the  Find your caucus location →  
My wife Jeanette has a special message for Miami — come out ; volunteer tomorrow!   
MAINE: I hope I've earned your caucus support. Don't forget to vote tomorrow!  
So much energy at our rally tonight in Overland Park! Thousands excited to vote in the  tomorrow. 
Don't miss Kentucky's 1st Republican Presidential Caucus tomorrow!   
 This crowd is going wild as is introduced. I've covered a lot of Rubio events, nothing like this! 
 knows that we cannot play games with our national security.  
Ready to caucus tomorrow, Kansas? Double-check your caucus location here:   
The Miami Herald endorsed our campaign yesterday. Find out why:  
I'm proud to have earned the support of some of Kansas' strongest conservative leaders:  
TONIGHT, I'm stopping in Overland Park with several special guests. RSVP now to be part of the action:  
A beautiful day and a great crowd at our rally in Topeka, Kansas this morning!  
We might finally get some serious answers about Hillary’s mishandling of top secret information... 
 Great rally today in Topeka! Gives me great hope for the future of this country! 
Haven't registered yet for our rally in Jacksonville tomorrow? There's only a few spots left. RSVP now:  
If we do what needs to be done, the American dream won't just survive — it will change more lives than ever before. 
Topeka, rally with me this morning! I hope to see as many of you there as possible. RSVP now:  
The Republican nominee cannot be somebody who is totally clueless on so many issues, including his signature issue.
Tonight finally took an actual position. But as soon as the debate was over, his handlers made him reverse himself.
Thank you for your support in the  Join our team, and help us stop Trump and win in November: 
KANSAS: Marco is heading your way tomorrow. Check out the list of events and RSVP now!  
Today's millennials have a chance to be the greatest generation we've had in 100 years.  
You cannot have life and you cannot have liberty and you cannot pursue happiness if you are not safe.  
Show Marco you're on the team! Chip in $5 right now, right from Twitter:  
 Agree with Marco that the 2nd Amendment is not a suggestion, it's a right? Get the shirt:  
Flint should not be a partisan issue. All of us are outraged by what happened and we should work together to solve it. 
There's a difference between flexibility ; saying anything to get people to do what you want them to do.  
Watching the  Show Marco your support, and donate now: 
During this  commercial break, just a reminder to follow along with us on our live blog &gt;&gt; 
 Donald Trump says he wants to help the American worker, but his business record suggests otherwise.  
Want to show your support for Marco right now? Chip in $5 here:  
Donald Trump should ask the NYT to release audio so we can know what he truly believes about immigration.  
  issued a strong challenge to tonight at the  
Let's start talking about the issues that matter to this country.  
 Unlike all our products are made in the USA.   
I would much prefer to have a policy debate. That's what I hope we have here tonight. 
Watch the  on 📺: along online with us here 💻: 
 Retweet if you're rooting for in tonight's  
Handing over my Twitter account to - tune into the  at 9pm ET on Follow our liveblog: 
Tune in to tonight's  on at 9pm ET, and be sure to follow along on the liveblog here: 
Our team keeps growing all over the country. Proud to have the support of these Maine leaders: 
Join me in Idaho Falls ; Boise on Sunday ; hear why I'm going to fight for you ; defend our conservative values. 
What's at stake in this election? Ensuring the American Dream is alive for our children and theirs. 
Proud to welcome New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez to our team! 
Next stop: Topeka, Wichita ; Kansas City. RSVP now to rally with me in Kansas tomorrow!  
Donald Trump praised moving American jobs abroad. Until he decided to run for president. 
Are you ready for a New American Century? Join me in Jacksonville on Saturday! RSVP:  
We'll miss Ben Carson on the trail. He's a fantastic gentleman, and I wish him the best.
 N.M. Gov. Susana Martinez to endorse join him on campaign trail in KS ; FL  cc
Start your weekend early ; attend our rally in Wichita on Friday afternoon! Don't wait. RSVP here:  
A New York court has slapped down Trump's efforts to dismiss the lawsuit against his fake low-rent “university.” 
Donald Trump reportedly told the New York Times "what he really thinks" about immigration. When will he tell voters? 
There is still time to RSVP for our pre-debate rally this afternoon in Detroit! Get details here: 
 Con Artist.
This week, Donald Trump got one step closer to going to trial for fraud. Here's why: 
This morning Jeanette ; I early voted in West Miami. Find your early voting location here:  
The media may treat me like an underdog, but I’m an underdog that can win. 
Thank you Minnesota for your support - I look forward to returning during the general election! 
Sign up to be part of our team. Because the future of America — and the conservative movement — is at stake. 
 Watch speech at his rally in Miami LIVE here:  
 Family members of mine who haven't caucused in yrs or who are going for 1st time are out for tonight  
Arkansas — the polls close in 1 hour! Find your polling place here and get out and vote:   
MINNESOTA: find your caucus location here →   
Polls in AL, MA, OK, TN and most of TX are closing in 1 hour! Call your friends, and go vote for me! 
 The entire house voted for here in GA. 🆕💯🇺🇸 
 Still plenty of time to get out and vote in  states!  to let Marco know you're with him. 
 my daughter in high school just voted for her first time!! We both are proud to cast a vote for you in Virgin…
GEORGIA, VERMONT ; VIRGINIA: You have 1 hour left to vote. Get to your polling place and vote for me!  
 I'll be voting for - a conservative w/ a record of protecting life, liberty ; the pursuit of happiness! 
 says if Trump is the nominee, "the harm done to our party would be nothing short of catastrophic." 
There is so much at stake in this election. Get out and vote for me today on  
 Yes! I'll be in Lexington on Friday. Would love to meet you: 
 First time voting and proud to say I voted for  
Tonight I'm heading to Miami for our Florida Kick-Off Rally ; I hope to see you there! RSVP now:  
 Today, I voted for in Texas because I know he will unite this party.   
 Liberty University's Student Body President and Vice President voted for  
I've been making jokes on the trail, but here's the scary reality. Donald Trump is dangerous — and here's why: 
Attend our rally in Andover, MN at 12:30 ; please caucus for me tonight. The stakes couldn't be higher.  
 His decision came down to Rubio and Cruz. Read why chose Marco:  
 Voted for today because of this little guy. 🆕🇺🇸💯    
 Headed to the polls! ATL loves !!!!
 Thank you for the support! Glad to have earned your vote, Bethany.
 Got up early to vote with hubs with our 7 week old and toddler in tow!   
Today is  and I'm asking for your vote!
At our rally in Oklahoma City tonight, a supporter had this sign — and it cracked me up! 
 5th event of the day ; this crowd of 5,000 in Tulsa is ready for   
An amazing crowd in Oklahoma City tonight! Get out and vote tomorrow on  
Tom Coburn was a true defender of the Constitution while in the Senate. I'm honored to have him join our team: 
Tomorrow is the most important Tuesday in a long time. Vote for me, ; together we can stop Trump ; win in November.
Great to have Governor join our rally in Atlanta! Make sure to head to the polls tomorrow. 
Before you vote tomorrow, join me for a rally tonight in Oklahoma City! RSVP now:  
Arkansas, you're up next! Join me ; for a rally this afternoon. RSVP now:  
Today we honor and thank SEAL Senior Chief Edward Byers for his courageous actions in rescuing an American hostage. 
Thanks to everyone who joined me at our Tennessee rally this morning. Don't forget to vote tomorrow! 
I am honored to have the support of a great businessman and voice for religious liberty like David Green: 
Atlanta we're headed your way! Don't miss our last rally in GA before Super Tuesday. RSVP now:  
Friends don't let friends vote for con artists. Click here and sign to join me: 
Proud to welcome Tennessee Senator Lamar Alexander to our growing team! 
Read why Georgia Congressman Austin Scott is supporting our campaign:  
Today, the Richmond Times-Dispatch endorsed our campaign. Find out why:  
As president, I will rebuild our military — and Virginia will help. 
We cannot be a party that nominates someone who refuses to condemn white supremacists and the Ku Klux Klan.
Trump University duped everyday Americans — and Donald Trump made millions off of it. 
 Pleased to welcome Sen. to my home here in Benton County, Arkansas! 
Our crowds are growing all over the country — 7,000 people gathered for our rally in Georgia today! 
 Come join us for the Grand Opening of Miami campaign office! Sunday, 2/28 at 1pm. 7575 W. Flagler Street (righ…
 Thanks for coming! Was a lot of fun tonight.
 Saw your speech in Cobb County, Georgia today, way to knock it out of the park!  Keep fighting, we're with you…
Our team in Florida just keeps on growing. Proud to have these leaders on board: 
Donald Trump will never be the nominee of the party of Lincoln and Reagan. 
Thank you, Georgia!  
 Group getting excited for today in Birmingham  
It's time to take the mask off of Donald Trump.  
 Agree? Add your name here: 
Donald Trump is a con artist — and he cannot be our nominee.  
Our team in Virginia continues to grow! Proud to have the support of these conservative leaders: 
Tomorrow I'll be in Georgia, Alabama and Arkansas. Would love to see you at one of our events:  
Meet the illegal immigrants Donald Trump hired to build Trump Tower — and then stiffed: 
Tune into now — I’m on with shortly
In our new ad, Gov shares why this election is so important and why he's supporting our campaign:
At last night's  I exposed Donald Trump for the con artist he is: 
Donald Trump has spent a career sticking it to working Americans. 
Rhetoric will not keep America safe. A strong nat'l security WILL. Join me for a rally in OKC at 2:  
  reads  from 
Friends don't let friends vote for con artists. 
We are not going to turn over the conservative movement to a con artist. 
  rally attendees, "We're the next generation of conservatives" 
 Post  reaction from Dominick Rubio...  
Thank you for all your support tonight at the  Now’s the time to join the team: 
 Marco Rubio showed intelligence, passion, and fight which we need in our next Pres. In polls Rubio is the only one who can …
Show Marco you're on his team, and donate now: 
The time for games is over. Vote for me, so we can stop Trump, unite the party, and win in November: 
Want to show your support for Marco right now? Chip in $5 now: 
 "A deal is not a deal when you're dealing with terrorists." -  
The next president will not be able to serve 4-8 years without dealing with the national debt.  
A deal is not a deal when you’re negotiating with terrorists. 
I will be on Israel’s side every single day because they are the only pro-American free-enterprise democracy in the entire Middle East.
Marco's winning the  Show him your support and donate now: 
 NEW in the store. TRUMP watches:  
What is Donald Trump’s plan for healthcare? Here’s mine:  
We are the party of diversity, not the Democratic party. 
Read more about Donald Trump’s record here:  
If Donald Trump builds his wall the way he built Trump tower, he’ll be using illegal immigrant labor to do it. 
When I am president, we are going to secure the border. 
This election, we have to decide the identity of America in the 21st century. 
Watch the  on 📺: along online with us here 💻: 
 Retweet if you're cheering for in tonight's  
Handing over my Twitter account to - tune into the  at 8:30pm ET on Follow our liveblog: 
Walkthrough complete! Ready to take the stage in Houston for tonight's  
Alabama, get ready. I'm hosting a rally in Huntsville on Saturday ; I hope to see you. RSVP:   
Hear why Governor is supporting our campaign:
After tonight's  we're heading to several March 1 primary states! Find out where: 
Watch the  tonight in Houston, then join me tomorrow morning for a rally in Dallas. RSVP here:  
 Our editorial board recommends for the GOP primary    
Proud to welcome Tennessee Governor to our team! 
The children of the Reagan revolution are ready to assume the mantle of leadership.
 was great meeting him!
Our crowds keep growing all over the country - 1,600 people gathered for our rally in Grand Rapids yesterday! 
I commend the Florida Legislature for taking a stand against companies participating in anti-Israeli boycotts. We must stand w/ Israel.
Big day for OTR -- Congrats to on her 3500th show! 
Today we remember the 4 humanitarians killed 20 years ago when the Castro regime ordered their planes shot down. 
 Senator will be at  
 Huge wrap around crowd waiting to see in Houston!  
RSVP now for our rally in Oklahoma City on Friday! Don't miss your chance to join us before March 1st.  
 On our way from Austin to the  rally in Houston.  
 Thank you so much for your help! Glad to have you on our team.
I hope to see as many Texans as possible for our pre-debate rally in Houston this afternoon! RSVP: 
We had an awesome crowd at our rally in Minneapolis yesterday! See for yourself: 
 Glad to have you on our team! Thanks for the support.
 I early voted for you in Texas today.  Good luck.
 This former Texas A;M Aggie is all in for We are rallying behind you! SEC for Rubio! 
Our momentum is building in Georgia ahead of the March 1 primary: 
 Such an awesome experience to participate in my first caucus supporting 🇺🇸🐘
 Thanks for coming out, guys. Was a great time!
 Great night in Minneapolis! 70 person phone bank then 1600+ Rally.     
 you got my wife's and my vote today.  
 Getting ready to caucus!! Its Marco Rubio Country!!! 
 Catch the   Place is packed!  
 Adorable little girls, waiting on the rope line for to walk by. They drew pictures for him. 
 has a must-watch message before the  tonight.  if you're ready! 
Thank you to 6-year-old Camille, from Sarasota, Florida, for the artwork and more importantly, the prayers! 
Today's the day! The Nevada Caucus is here.  to say you're with us.   
Watch this pre-caucus message from ; go here to find your caucus location:  
Obama's plan to close Gitmo is a continuation of prioritizing his own legacy over the safety of the American people. 
 “ consistently supported our veterans... he has a tangible track record to prove it.”
Nevada State Assemblyman and Marine Vet Derek Armstrong is on Find out why:  
 A ton of new  members joining up in Nevada ahead of tomorrow’s caucuses!  
 has an important message for you. Watch ;  if you’re ready for the  tomorrow. 
TOMORROW: before the  start your day at our rally in Las Vegas. I hope to see you there! RSVP: 
Yet another strong conservative leader is joining our campaign! Welcome to the team, Gov.
Grand Rapids, you're up next! RSVP now to attend our rally tomorrow night:  
 Phone banking with to ensure the people of Nevada caucus for tomorrow !  
 Thanks for all of your help!
Join us tomorrow afternoon for a rally in Minneapolis! Click here to attend:  I hope you can make it! 
 Today, I had the honor of meeting the man I will caucus for tomorrow!  
Proud to welcome former Minnesota Governor to our growing team! 
Our team in Nevada continues to grow! Proud to have the support of these conservative leaders:  
We're stopping in Reno, Elko, ; Minden today before the  tomorrow! RSVP to attend: 
I am honored to have the support of this great coalition of Alabama veterans:  
Welcome to the team, Thom!  
 In line, waiting for Marco Las Vegas rally! So excited to be here!! 
TONIGHT: join me for a rally in North Las Vegas. I'll be joined by a group of very special guests. RSVP:  
Proud to welcome yet another conservative leader to our team -- Senator  
 Woo Pig! 2000 people here to be a part of  in Little Rock. Absolutely incredible how crowds have grown 
Glad to have support in this campaign! Welcome to the team! 
 Little man, met the big man in Franklin!    
 Welcome to  Senator - you make me  
Although I did not have the good fortune to get to know Justice Scalia personally, he had a profound impact on me. 
Little Rock you're next! I'm hosting a rally in Little Rock this afternoon and I hope you'll be there. RSVP now: 
 HUGE crowd at rally in Franklin TN! Watch live here:  
After a great night in South Carolina, we're taking our momentum into Nevada! Join us: 
 I'll be at the Rally with today in  You've got to be there!  
The message is clear. The country is ready for a new generation of conservatives to guide us into the 21st century. 
The children of the Reagan revolution are ready to assume the mantle of leadership.  
Thank you for a great night, South Carolina! Donate now to help us continue the momentum:  
Less than 30 minutes to get out and vote in the South Carolina primary!   
You still have time left to vote in the  Find your polling place here, then go vote:  
 Got a chance to hang out w/former Green Beret, Mario Rubio campaigning in SC for A hero for sure. 
 Just one more hour to get out and vote in South Carolina!   
2 hours to get out and vote in the  Find your polling place here:   
Tossing the football with my son Anthony at our South Carolina HQ today.  
 The Platt family voted early this am for We are all in for 
 The Cline family has voted!  Let's go 
 SC, how's voter turnout looking in your neighborhood? Tweet your county, precinct name, # of voters ; time of day using 
Visited our SC HQ today -- great meeting so many of our volunteers who've been working hard for months!  
 I voted for today because he's the candidate who can win! 
Today's your day, South Carolina!  to say you're with us.   
After our rally in North Charleston last night, and I talked with Hannity on 
 My husband and I were at the polls first thing this morning to vote for you in SC
 Today was my first time voting, and I voted for  
 Having fun making calls to get out the Rubio vote today! 
 Find your polling location ; vote today, SC!  
Two of our star supporters helping get out the vote in South Carolina 🇺🇸 
South Carolina, I'm asking for your vote! 
 Today's the day South Carolina. I hope you'll join me in voting for the conservative who will win: 
 I voted for today because of this boy. He's our best hope for the future. 
Awesome! Grateful for the support.  
 Thank you! Honored to have your support, Stephanie.
 It's primary day in South Carolina, and I am proud to vote for Everyday will be a great day in America with Pre…
South Carolina, the polls are now open! I hope I have earned your support. Bring a photo ID ; a friend and go vote! 
 Happy  Day! Can't wait to cast my vote for Just turned 18, first time voting, I made the best ch…
 Thank you, Bill! Glad to have earned your vote.
The latest episode of the official podcast recaps our busy week in South Carolina. Listen here: 
This Sunday, we're going to be in Tennessee, Arkansas and then Nevada! 
 Glad to hear that! Was great talking with you today.
So glad to hear that he is doing okay. Continuing to pray for him. 
  voters are seeing a flyer that misleads about support for traditional marriage. The facts: 
See you soon! 
Nicole is a full-time teacher, and has been using all her free time to volunteer with us in SC:   
Third rally of the day -- in North Charleston -- was awesome! Two more left: Clemson and Pawleys Island!  
 Im delighted the GOP has many qualified leaders who put their faith in God, but I fully endorse 4 POTUS htt…
 ; I are coming back to Pawleys Island TONIGHT. RSVP:   
Great meeting so many voters in Hilton Head! Tomorrow's the day, South Carolina. Get out and vote!  
 A beautiful day and an awesome crowd for rally in Hilton Head SC!   
Skip Pawleys Island? No way. Join me, ; tonight for a special election-eve rally: 
This election is about the future. 
 Plane problems won't stop from making it to Pawleys Island before the primary. We'll be there tonight to rally …
 This is great, hope it works! Thanks for the support, Kate.
 Looks good! Thanks for the support, Joel.
 taking time in a hectic day.You've got our vote    
 First time voting tomorrow, I'll be voting for the future  
Yesterday and I talked with on about the  Watch: 
Today is your last chance to join us for rallies throughout South Carolina! Space is going fast, RSVP:  
Glad to welcome Sen. to our growing team!   
Earlier today I talked with about the race and our momentum in South Carolina: 
TOMORROW: join us in Columbia, Pawleys Island, Hilton Head, Charleston ; Clemson. RSVP now:  
It wouldn't be a swing through the Upstate without a stop at The Beacon - a South Carolina staple. 
 knows that we cannot afford four more years like the last eight.
New American Century. 
 BREAKING: has a video message for about his false attacks. Watch: 
 "I'm endorsing because this election is about the future. And the future is now." -
I am honored to have the support of 
Governor has joined our team! Add your name and join us too:  
In case you missed the  it's re-airing on at 12am ET/9pm PT.
 This election I've got six. Read why he's my choice for POTUS here. ==&gt; 
 Our family was proud to endorse come see us tomorrow in Greenville @ Swamp Rabbit Crossfit @ 9am! 
  No candidate has more national sec. or foreign policy experience.   
I'm the only GOP candidate who's talking regularly about student loan debt.  
Coming up on the  next! Tune into now.
Be sure to tune into the  on tonight at 9pm ET!
Honored to have the support of South Carolina Governor Welcome to the team! 
Presidential leadership is needed to get our debt under control. 
TOMORROW: I’ll be joined by for a rally in Greenville. Don't wait. RSVP now to attend: 
Our team keeps growing all over the country. Proud to have the support of these 28 Arkansas state legislators:  
Our newest TV ad highlights the most important part of my life: my family. 
We're all in this together. 
Having my kids on the trail is a daily reminder that this election is about the kind of country they will inherit. 
Time is running out to join us in SC! Tomorrow we're stopping in Mt. Pleasant, Aiken, ; Chapin. RSVP:  
Great having out on the campaign trail! Don’t miss the interview on tonight! 
What is  Sen. tracked down a physicist to get some answers...
Check out our new TV ad, where Rep. explains why he's supporting our campaign.  
 Westwood student leaders met Senator Rubio, Congressman Gowdy and as a bonus...Mario Lopez!  Great morning! 
 Met the future president of the United States on Presidents Day  
 Ted Cruz’s ‘Slap in the Face’ to Our Military Was Disgraceful — That’s Why I Support Marco Rubio - 
Last night, ; joined me on to talk about the 2016 race. WATCH: 
A voter asked me about expanding the Republican party to reach more people. This is how I responded: 
 and I talk with on at 10:30pm. Tune in!
Thanks for your question today, Robert, and thank you for your support!  
Ready for the Nevada Caucuses on February 23rd? Attend a caucus training this week to learn more:  
Proud to welcome to our growing team!  
Join me tonight in Lexington w/ ; RSVP, space is limited:  
Our momentum continues in South Carolina! Proud to have the support of Easley Mayor Larry Bagwell. 
Florence we're coming your way. Join me, ; for a town hall at 1:10. RSVP:  
Reagan was able to instill in our nation a sense of optimism -- and he turned our country around. 
In case you missed the  last night, see all my responses here: 
Russian PM said yesterday he believes there's a "new cold war" between Russia and the west: 
 Fresh off his  victory, talked with on this morning. WATCH: 
Tomorrow we're starting in Rock Hill, then on to Florence ; Lexington for town halls! RSVP to attend:  
After last night's  I joined all five morning shows today. Get the recap here: 
  taking stage now in front of largest crowd yet in SC. 2k voters are now here...including overflow. 
 Today a supporter told Marco that he is filled w/ hope after last night's debate. You gotta see what happened next: 
Like Reagan did years ago, we need a president who can inspire the American people to believe in the future again.
Easley we're headed your way! Join me at 1:30 for a town hall w/ ; RSVP:  
 Post  reaction from Dominick Rubio: 
We’re 7 days from voting in South Carolina. Chip in $7 to let Marco know you’re with him:  
Think Marco won tonight’s  Show him your support and donate now: 
Thanks for your support in the  tonight! Join our team today: 
If our next president is even half the president Ronald Reagan was, America will be greater than it's ever been. 
Poverty is free enterprise not reaching people.  
Watching the  Chip in to our campaign right now, right from Twitter: 
Ted Cruz supported a path to legalization for illegal immigrants:  
Watching the  You could watch the next one in person by entering our debate contest: 
During this  commercial break, just a reminder to follow along with us on our live blog &gt;&gt; 
Show Marco your support, and donate $5 right now!  
I’m going to have a tax plan that is pro-family because the family is the most important institution in society. 
"I thank God it was George W. Bush in the White House on 9/11 and not Al Gore."  
Want to show your support for Marco right now? Chip in $5 now: 
These are the top national security priorities Marco would address as president: 
Follow our liveblog as you're watching the  → 
Justice Scalia will go down as one of the great Justices in the history of this republic. 
Tune into the  now! 📺:   
 Retweet if you're cheering for Marco in tonight's  
Handing over my Twitter account to - tune into the  at 9pm ET on Follow our liveblog: 
Jeanette ; I mourn the loss of Justice Scalia, and our thoughts ; prayers are with his wife Maureen ; his family. 
I wouldn't be able to do this without my amazing wife, Jeanette.
I talked with in Greenville yesterday about the  Watch:  
 My daughter ; I in front of famous Grateful for the opportunity to speak to him today 
Our team is growing all across the country! Proud to welcome these Georgia leaders to 
Our team in South Carolina keeps growing! Proud to have the support of Greenville Mayor Knox White:  
We cannot survive the global perils of the 21st century with a military built for the 20th. 
Proud to welcome Myrtle Beach Mayor John Rhodes to our growing team!  
Proud to receive this award from 
 "Those people who say nasty things about me on Twitter?  I'm going to cut their taxes too!" 
 So awesome meeting in Simpsonville today. Such a great vision for our country   
Don't miss our pre-debate rally tonight in Greenville w/ Mayor Knox White. RSVP:  
Registration for the Nevada caucuses closes TOMORROW. Make sure you're ready to caucus:  
Looking forward to our rally in Greenville, SC tonight! Hope you can join us:  
Our military needs to be modernized -- and South Carolina will have an important role in that process: 
A new report says top secret information passed through Hillary’s private server to a number of her top aides: 
Our crowds have been great in South Carolina! Thanks to everyone who's come out so far. 
 Join me ; Saturday in Harrisburg to help qualify for the Pennsylvania ballot!  
 Amazing listening to speak this afternoon in myrtle beach   
 knew exactly what she was doing and the FBI would like to know too  
Seems like every day there are new revelations on how Hillary's private email server put national security at risk: 
About to head to Myrtle Beach! Come hear my plan to stop Obama's radical policies. RSVP now:  
We're going to do well in South Carolina, because I'm the conservative that can unite our party.
 TV Alert: will be on tonight at 10 PM ET! Tune in now and tweet your favorite part with 
 Veterans know Marco is the right person to be the next commander-in-chief.   
We had awesome crowds at our two town halls in Spartanburg and Columbia today!   
 so impressed by you, thanks for speaking in SC today. Marco for president!!  
 I'm getting some votes for you! I live in SC and preaching you to everyone I talk to. You're my man by far!!
I have to miss our scheduled event in Charleston, SC today. Here's why: 
 Huge crowd cheering "Marco, Marco, Marco" as he takes the stage in crowded Spartanburg ballroom. 
I am honored to have the support of this great coalition of South Carolina veterans:  
Taking questions from the press on the flight to South Carolina this morning. 
Looking forward to our town hall in Spartanburg, SC w/ ; at 12pm! RSVP here:  
And South Carolina, we are on the way!
You will see us again because we're coming back in November to win the general election.
New Hampshire -- thank you for welcoming us, for your votes, for the hours you gave us on phones and the doors you knocked.
Our disappointment tonight is not on you. It's on me. I did not do well on Saturday night. So listen to this, that will never happen again.
Most polls close at 7pm but if you live in any of these places, your polls are OPEN UNTIL 8. Get out ; vote!  
You still have time left to vote in the New Hampshire primary! Find your polling place here, then go vote: 
Everything we've worked for is here. Polls are open for 1 more hour ; I hope you'll vote for me!  
Help make 2016 the start of a New American Century. Bring a friend and go vote now!   
The polls close in 2 hours. Leaving work? Stop by your polling place on the way home and please vote for me!  
If you nominate me, I will unite us, grow this movement, and we will win the election.  
My daughters joined in with our supporters for a few chants outside a polling place earlier today!  
It’s official. The FBI confirms it is investigating Hillary Clinton’s private server: 
 So excited to see my whole family voted in the NH state primaries!!
 Making calls in Manchester for 
Great meeting so many supporters at this polling place in Derry. Get out and vote:   
Today's the day! The New Hampshire primary is here.  to say you're with us.  
New Hampshire -- let's do this, together.  
Just stopped by the polling place in Bedford. Get out and vote today, New Hampshire!   
 Thank you for the continued support, Katy. Honored to have you as part of our team.
 I cast my vote for because I know we need new conservative leadership to expand the American dream  
New Hampshire, I am asking for your vote. So that together we can win this election. 
The polls are now open in New Hampshire! Find your polling location here:    
We've had all four kids on the campaign trail with us this week. They definitely make us laugh a lot: 
Tomorrow is an important day in an important election. Get a friend and come out and vote! 
These voters from Salem, New Hampshire, explain why they're supporting our campaign:
Looking forward to our rally in Nashua tonight. Hope to see you there!  
It's been great having our kids on the trail with us this week. Here's a fun glimpse at life behind-the-scenes: 
Enjoyed meeting voters at the Puritan Backroom in Manchester, NH today.  
To the millions of Americans gathering to celebrate the Lunar New Year: best wishes for peace, health and happiness in the year ahead.
I joined to talk about what's at stake in tomorrow's New Hampshire primary:  
Our team continues to grow! Proud to have the support of one of the Senate's strongest advocates for life: 
Stopped into MaryAnn's diner in Windham where I got asked some tough questions by this young New Hampshirite, Colin: 
ALL human life is worthy of the protection of our laws.Watch and click here if you agree: 
 Just met the next President of the United States 
Don't miss our final event before the New Hampshire Primary -- join us tonight for our rally in Nashua!  
We're just one day away from voting in New Hampshire. Let's earn it. 
We have a chance to take a huge step forward in New Hampshire. We need your support!  
 At a town hall in Portsmouth NH the other day, we talked to voters about why they're voting for 
We had great crowds all day today in New Hampshire! Thanks to everyone who came out to show your support.  
Want to know what my Super Bowl pick winning percentage is? 
 Former New Hampshire Governor Craig Benson just endorsed Hear what he had to say: 
The kids did something they never get to do back in Miami... build snowmen! 
As North Korea increases its capability to hit the U.S., Obama wavers. Here's what I would do to take on North Korea 
New Hampshire -- we're just two days away from voting. This is why I'm asking for your vote:
This election is a turning point. I'm fighting for it every day, all day.   
EVENT TIME CHANGE: Our Hudson Town Hall will now begin at 2 PM. We look forward to seeing you there!  
I would rather lose an election than be wrong on the issue of life.
See you all soon!  
What drives me? The idea that we have a real chance to get this country moving in the right direction.
 You've got to hear call out Hillary Clinton's abortion extremism in the  tonight: 
Show Marco you're on his team, and donate $5 right now!  
All human life is worthy of the protection of our laws. Add your name if you agree:  
This election is going to be a turning point. 
Show Marco you're on the team! Chip in $5 right now, right from Twitter:  
We should be putting people into Guantanamo, not emptying it out.  
Conservatism is about three things: limited government, free enterprise, and a strong national defense. 
Want to show your support for Marco right now? Chip in $5 here:  
We don't want to be like the rest of the world. We want to be the United States of America.  
ICYMI: We're liveblogging the  Go check it out&gt;&gt; 
Marco has accomplished a lot in the Senate. Read about it here:   
Watch the  on 📺: along online with us here 💻: 
 Retweet if you're rooting for in tonight's  
Handing over my Twitter account to - tune into the  at 8pm ET on Follow our liveblog: 
Hear from these New Hampshire voters on why they're supporting our campaign:
Just finished up our final walkthrough for tonight's  Make sure to tune into ABC at 8 PM ET. 
Today we celebrate the birthday of Ronald Reagan and honor his legacy of leadership, courage and optimism. 
 Matt is thrilled 'I just met the next President!'   
 Thanks for all your hard work, Robert. Means so much!
 Door knocking for in NH!    
Our momentum is building all over the country. Nevada's biggest paper, just endorsed our campaign: 
 This election is about the future. That's why I'm endorsing Marco Rubio for President. 
Last night, we welcomed to our growing team. Hear from Bobby himself why he is supporting our campaign: 
Last night in Salem, NH I had an unexpected special guest on stage with me, and he totally stole the show: 
College students were a huge part of our surge in Iowa. Check it out: 
 is one of the smartest people in American politics. We're incredibly excited to have him on the team.
Our town hall last night in Salem was pretty typical, until...  
Looking forward to our rally in Derry, NH tonight! Not too late to RSVP:  
We're four days away from the New Hampshire primary. Here are four things you can do to build on our momentum: 
 His record speaks for itself, and big voices back him up: is the conservative who can win. 
 Watch this hilarious and cute moment between and his son on the campaign trail.
The bottom line: I am the conservative who Democrats fear most. 
Enjoyed meeting hundreds of New Hampshire voters at our four events today, including this one in Salem!  
The president is obsessed with taxes. His latest scheme would hit consumers to pay for even more govt spending. 
Hear from Tim Scott himself on why he's supporting our campaign:
Our momentum is building all across the country. Proud to welcome these Arkansas leaders to our team: 
 Quick glance at conservative record: 💯💯💯💯
Our momentum keeps building all across the country. Want to be a part? Here are four things you can do today: 
My opponents know it. The mainstream media knows it. I'm the conservative who Democrats fear most.
 "Marco Rubio is the conservative I trust to inspire our country, unite our party, and win in November."
Always a pleasure meeting those who keep us safe! Got to talk with these Portsmouth PD officers on my bus today. 
Just 5 days until first-in-the-nation voters decide. At least a few more years until this young supporter can... 
ICYMI: is on iTunes! Check out the newest episode of The Audible: 
I have tremendous admiration and respect for and am excited to have him on our team. 
 Don't miss interview with tonight on at 10pm ET!
Our momentum keeps building in New Hampshire -- this New England paper just endorsed our campaign:   
I'm grateful to have the support of Tim Scott.Join him in supporting our campaign: 
 Thanks for all of your hard work! Grateful for the support.
Last night I talked with about my conservative record and our momentum coming into New Hampshire. Watch: 
Senator Tim Scott joined our team today! Add your name and join us too: 
 Thanks for the encouragement, Paul! I appreciate the kind words.
After a great night in Iowa, we are taking tons of momentum into New Hampshire! Join us: 
 If you were in Exeter to see tonight but couldn't get in, complete schedule here:  
 Packed at first Nh rally.Several voters told me they backed others but now taking a 2nd look at Rubio 
Today Sen. Tim Scott joined our team. The momentum is building. Now's the time to join us:  
 Congratulate Marco on a strong finish in Iowa!   
 "We have one shot in 2016 to beat Hillary Clinton—and that shot is Marco Rubio." - Sen. Tim Scott 
After a great night in Iowa yesterday, looking forward to our rally in Exeter, NH tonight! Get details here:  
This was the moment they said would never happen. 
Proud to welcome yet another strong conservative leader to our team —
 I'm on  Here's why:  cc 
 Team Marco: Show your support for and donate $5 right now: 
Thank you for a great night, Iowa! Donate now to help us continue the momentum:  
While you're waiting for your caucus to begin, review these resources on  →  
 Participating in my first caucus tonight in support of
You still have time to get to your caucus location! Find it here &gt;   
 At the caucus ready to cast my vote for 
 Thought I was early to the caucuses, but was already here greeting voters for 
You still have time to get to your caucus location! Find it here: 
Make sure you’re attending the correct caucus location tonight! Locate yours here:   
Do you know where your caucus location is? Find it here:   
If you're still undecided in the  here's why I'm asking you to caucus for me:  
 Going to go caucus for soon!    
Make sure you know where to caucus. Find your caucus location here →  
A special message for Iowans from Jeanette and the kids before the  tonight:
 Thank you, Ken! Grateful for all of your hard work.
Everyone's been talking about it: 
 WATCH: jokes his kids are "undecided" when they can't pick out a toy: "Like a caucus-goer."
Today's the day! The Iowa Caucus is here.  to say you're with us.   
 Today, stopped by the Iowa HQ to encourage and thank volunteers.  
 Marco Rubio definitely has my vote today☑ 
Today on an Iowa caucus goer asked why she should pick me over Ted Cruz. Here's what I told her:  
Days to  Zero. 
 and I'm the conservative candidate who can beat Hillary Clinton -- if that sounds good to you, please caucus for me tonight.
 And promoting paid leave for parents without job-killing taxes or mandates- 
 And 21st-century solutions like cutting taxes for families to help with the cost of raising kids - 
 ..That means ideas like more school choice to help parents get their kids the education they deserve: 
 Thanks for asking! My campaign is about restoring the American Dream for our kids ; expanding it to more people than ever...
Glad to have your support, Brenton!  
 His last town hall in Iowa -- and this was final message to Iowa voters:
Loved meeting caucus goers this morning at the Cracker Barrel in Clive, Iowa!  
 How to caucus for in 3 steps:  
At our last town hall in Iowa before the  this was my final message to voters:
 Excited to go out ; caucus tomorrow night!! Here we go team  
In Iowa? Make sure you're ready to caucus tomorrow:   
Grateful to have the support of yet another Iowa state representative, Dawn Pettengill!  
 👋
 Check out this behind-the-scenes look from rally in Ames, Iowa yesterday! 
 Looks great! Glad to have you on the team.
Watch our new video with one of my favorite patriotic songs by Lee Greenwood, and get ready for the  
 Thanks for your continued support, Allen. Really appreciate it!
When I'm President, America's light will shine again.
 Show your friends and family you're ready for a New American Century. Get the sticker now:  
 Thanks so much for coming out, Darbie!
 Thanks, Casey! Glad to have your support. Get plugged in if you want to help out! 
I am honored to have the support of this great group of pastors from across Iowa: 
 Hey I'm an Iowan and I've made my decision. I'm caucusing for you! 
 One of our recent town halls is airing on TV in Sioux City, IA right now. Ask questions ; follow along: 
 Iowa is ready to caucus for 
Ted Cruz is my friend, but he's decided to run a very deceitful campaign here at the end. 
 Met our future President in Council Bluffs, IA. 
It's almost time to caucus...
 Was able to meet with the next POTUS today ! Let's go  let's get him over the top!  
 was great meeting you! Thanks for coming up.
 Got to meet  in Council Bluffs today.   
 Stay warm in our official quarter zip sweater, available for pre-order now! 
 300+ for Sioux Sity Saturday Stop    
Make sure you're ready to caucus on Monday. Here’s everything you need to know:  
The latest revelations on Hillary's emails again point to one thing → She is disqualified from being president. 
Last night after the  I surprised focus group. Watch at 9pm on the  on 
 You've GOT to see how voters reacted to  performance last night: 
I talked with Iowans today about the latest revelations on Hillary's emails:
 Hope you enjoy reading it! Thanks for the support, Tiffany.
 I'd be honored to have your vote, Donna. Thank you!
 Thank you, Laura! It was a great night.
 Thanks for your help! Really appreciate it.
Watch and share our new TV ad and then chip in here to help us defeat Hillary: 
This election is about defeating Hillary Clinton and about saving what makes America unique. 
When I'm president, America's light will shine again.  
 Did you miss the  last night? See all of answers here: 
Thanks for your support tonight in the  Now commit to vote or caucus in your state: 
Marco is crushing the 7th GOP debate. Donate $7 RIGHT now to continue the  
My faith won't just influence the way I'll govern as president, it'll influence the way I live my life.  
Show your support for Marco, and donate now!  
Hillary doesn't want to run against me, but I cannot wait to run against her.  
Rewatch Marco’s latest response.    
Are you  ? Donate now.  
ICYMI: We're live-blogging the  Go check it out&gt;&gt; 
Let me be clear: there is only one savior, and it's not me. 
 The facts:  
We're not going to beat Hillary Clinton with someone who's willing to say or do anything to win an election. 
When I am president, we are keeping ISIS out of America.  
Marco knocks it out of the park! Click here to re-watch his response and chip in here: 
The Iowa caucuses are just days away. Here’s everything you need to know:   
Rewatch Marco’s latest response.   
Don't worry -- I'm not leaving the stage no matter what you ask me.  
If I'm our nominee, I will unite this party and we will defeat Hillary Clinton.  
Watching the  Chip in to our campaign right now, right from Twitter: 
Are you following along with us online during the  If not, you should be! &gt;&gt; 
We don't want to be like the rest of the world, we want to be the United States of America. 
Watch the  on 📺: along online with us here 💻: 
 Are you rooting for in tonight's  Retweet to share your support! 
Handing over my Twitter account to - tune into the  at 9pm ET. Follow our liveblog: 
 Does it count as a Throwback Thursday if it's still true??  
Our country is a special country where anyone from anywhere can achieve anything.   
It's the last debate before the first votes! Donate $7 if you think Marco is winning.  
Marco did it again! Click here and donate $7 for 7 debate WINS! 
Marco is crushing the 7th GOP debate. Donate $7 RIGHT now to continue the  
This is what's at stake in this election: 
 to the first  I cannot wait to run against Hillary. 
 I am pledging to caucus for   
Today we remember and honor the legacy of the  crew members who gave their lives for our nation. 
School choice will be one of the most important ways we expand the American Dream to more people than ever before. 
Congrats to Gloria of FL! Her gift put us over the $170k line, so she won a signed football:  
 ICYMI: A few days ago, an 11-year-old girl asked the most important question of the campaign: 
It's time for a president who will stand up to runaway government and fight Washington special interests.
Thanks to John of MA! His gift put us over the $160k line, so he won a signed football:  
Everything we've fought for is almost here.  
 Been spending all week trying to figure out who to caucus for. Just saw and I'm pretty sure I'm sold!  🇺…
Yet another strong conservative leader has joined our team: 
 Panoramic shot -- in the round for standing-room only crowd in Iowa.  
And now we've crossed $150k, thanks to Chris of Iowa! He donated and won a signed football:  
The Iowa caucuses are just days away. Here’s everything you need to know:   
Listen to caucus-goers from all over Iowa share why they're on  
On this  Day, let us honor the resilience and courage of the Jewish people.
Have you heard our official podcast, The Audible, yet? Check out the newest episode now:  
Everything we've fought for is almost here. Now it's time to fight back! Donate today-; 
My statement on Donald Trump skipping tomorrow's debate:  
Thanks to George of FL! His gift put us over the $140k line, so he won a signed football:  
Nothing will get better if we keep sending people to Washington who will say or do anything to get elected. 
The first step to fixing our broken education system? Empower those most responsible for a child’s success: parents. 
On the road lately, I've been getting asked a lot of questions about my faith. Here's what I tell people: 
Thanks to Denise of TX! Her gift put us over the $130k line, so she won a signed football:  
Washington is broken and both parties are to blame. 
Enjoyed talking with in Iowa. Watch the interview tonight on in the 10pm ET hour. 
From Iowa? Make sure you're ready to caucus on Feb 1st:  
 1/2 This presidential election is a crossroads for our country. That's why I will be caucusing for 🇺🇸 
 Not an empty seat to be found for tonight in West Des Moines.    
 Not being political here- as a person of faith, I LOVE this response  from speaking to an atheist. 
Jeb Bush, Ted Cruz and Hillary Clinton have one thing in common. 
Sad to hear another  Francisco Torregrosa, died before receiving Congressional Gold Medal. 
A quality education is a key to achieving the American Dream, but today's education system is failing our students. 
And now we've crossed $120k, thanks to Eileen of WI! She donated and won a signed football:  
Welcome to the team, 
 So glad to have your support, Heather! Thank you.
 has my vote next Monday at the Iowa caucus! 
Glad to have you on our team, Michele! Thanks for the support.  
Honored to have one of Iowa's strongest conservative voices join me yesterday in Des Moines:  
Thanks to Her gift put us over the $110k line, so she won a signed football:  
 $22 million spent on attack ads — against alone. 
New Hampshire voters share why they're supporting our campaign:   
Raising kids and holding a job in the 21st century is hard. That's why I've laid out a plan to encourage paid leave: 
I'll be on with tonight at 7:05pm ET. Tune in! 
 When your Goddaughter's 6 month accomplishments include meeting     
And now we've crossed $100k, thanks to Rob of OR! He donated and won a signed football:  
 Thank you so much for your support, but more importantly, for your service. Honored to have you on board.
 Thanks for the support, Alexandra! I appreciate it.
 Thanks for the continued support, Hayley! Glad to have you on the team.
Only in this country can the son of a bartender and maid have the same opportunity as the son of a millionaire. 
Don't miss anything from the campaign trail. Subscribe to our new podcast, The Audible:  
My opponents have spend $22 million in attack ads against me, because I'm the conservative they fear most.
Thanks to Her gift put us over the $90k line, so she won a signed football:  
 "It's time we got someone in the White House who represents me. Someone like 
 Welcome to the team! Glad to have you on board, Sharon.
The Iowa caucuses are just days away. Here’s everything you need to know:   
Reminder: Don’t miss our rally in Des Moines today at 12 PM with RSVP here:  
  on why he endorses for president
Don’t miss our rally in Des Moines today at noon with RSVP here:  
I talked with Chris Wallace on yesterday about how we are gaining momentum at just the right time: 
And now we've crossed $80k, thanks to James of MO! He donated and won a signed football:  
After the Washington Post's hard-hitting story this week, we've decided to come clean about my other offenses: 
Thanks to Jean of TN! Her donation put us over the $70k line, so she won a signed football:  
Looking forward to our rally in Des Moines tomorrow with RSVP here:  
Donate any amount and if it crosses us over a $10k line, you win a signed football!   
Why are more and more Iowans joining our team? See for yourself:  
 is officially on iTunes -- with a podcast on the latest news and events from the trail. Check it out: 
Thanks to Shelby of NV! Her gift put us over the $60k line, so she won a signed football:  
Humbled to have the endorsements of and  is 8 days away and we have the momentum. 
 Blizzard Sale! We're taking 10% off select cold weather merch this weekend only. SHOP NOW:  
Despite  continues to stand guard at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.  
 350+ in Indianola, IA for Marco. Momentum growing by the hour and we're here for next 9 days! 
 Register editorial board: represents GOP's best hope:   
Looks like the media is looking for any story they can to hurt our momentum... 
Jeb Bush, Ted Cruz and Hillary Clinton have one thing in common: 
 This morning, an 11-year-old girl asked a question about her future. The response is AMAZING: 
This morning an 11-year-old girl asked me the most important question of the campaign:   
Thanks to Lydia of CO! Her gift put us over the $50k line, so she won a signed football:  
They might need better reporters. missed a lot about my "criminal" past...  
Disgraceful that Obama granting another concession to Mullahs in Iran and ignoring the law yet again. 
Yesterday exposed my "criminal" past. Here's what they didn't find... 
Please take some time to read this from pro-life leader Scott Klusendorf on why he has chosen to support me: 
The right to life is a human right.   
 Are you a member of  living overseas? Be sure to vote in this straw poll: 
Today as thousands  take time to read my recent op-ed defending the dignity of human life: 
Thanks to Michelle of MN! Her gift put us over the $40k line, so she won a signed football:  
I am the consistent and strong conservative that will beat Hillary Clinton and undo the damage Obama has done.
 Presidential candidate Sen. wants everyone to be able to have the American Dream  htt…
 Sunday, one week before the voting begins in Iowa, we’ll talk to Sen - it's a exclusive 
Got more questions about me after  Check out these most googled questions: 
 Thanks, Jonathan! Glad you liked it.
 Glad to have you on the team! Make sure to get plugged in: 
 Thanks for watching!
 glad you liked it! Was a lot of fun
Thanks to everyone who watched  Want to learn more? Visit 
I would have made a great NFL player if it weren't for my lack of size, speed and talent. 
My father's story -- working hard and achieving success -- is the essence of the American Dream.  
I'm coming up a bit later on  While you wait, check out  to learn about why I'm running for president.
 Staying up late so I can watch our future president on the Tonight Show!!!
Be sure to watch 11:35pm ET on NBC.  
 A little  for  
Had a great time with today! Be sure to tune in to at 11:35pm ET on 
I'll be on with tonight at 9:20pm ET. Tune in! 
Thanks to all these Iowans who braved well below freezing temperatures to make our town halls this week!  
 Not making a political statement right now, just moved by answer here to a question about his faith: 
Congrats to His $17 gift put us over the $30k line, so he won a signed football:  
Retweet if you agree: Hillary Clinton has disqualified herself from the presidency.
My faith is the single greatest influence in my life. 
Thanks to Lawrence from CT! His donation got us over the $20k line. Chip in here to win:  
I'm from Florida. Anything below 50 degrees is cold. But these 250 Iowans came out in 13 below weather! 
 Thanks for your help, Kevin!
Months of hard work have brought us here, to just days before voting begins.  
 TONIGHT: ; Presidential Candidate Sen. Plus, music from  
Watch and share my new TV ad, about how Hillary Clinton is disqualified from being commander-in-chief: 
The inauguration is a year from now. We cannot afford to elect someone as reckless as Hillary Clinton. 
I'll be on with tonight at 10:25pm ET. Tune in!
Hey looking forward to bringing "Marco Solo" to the show tomorrow night! 
 Tonight on w/ talks about why he's running for president ; why  should be disqual…
No one is going to force you to believe in God. But no one is going to force me to stop talking about God.
Thanks to Kelli from NC! Her donation got us over the $10k line. Chip in here to win:  
 Glad to have you on board, Tyler. Thanks for the support!
 I'm a millennial, and when I hear speak about this  I get inspired. No one else speaks wi…
These millennials get it. They know this election will determine the direction of our country for decades to come. 
Young voters all over our country understand the need for a new generation of leadership in Washington. 
ISIS genocide against Christians in Iraq and Syria heart wrenching and despicable. ISIS must be defeated. 
 Working hard to  for Over 50 new registered voters today!!!  
 is officially on the ballot in West Virginia!    
 Looking good! Thanks for the support, Brian.
We have the momentum, and we're ready for victory. With your help we will 
Thanks for helping us  
New evidence just points to one thing → Hillary Clinton has disqualified herself from the presidency. 
 EXCLUSIVE: Marco Rubio Announces Advisory Board of Pro-Life Leaders   
Saddened to hear that Braden Joplin, the 25-year-old Ben Carson volunteer in Iowa car crash today, has passed away. Praying for his family.
Last week I said Hillary was disqualified from the presidency. And now, even more evidence has turned up: 
I'm going to share my faith, especially when asked. Because my faith influences who I am in every aspect of my life. 
 2,000 miles driven to work events, 250 calls made to potential Iowa voters. Because I believe in  
 Thank you, Ed! I appreciate your support.
 Looks great!
It looks like many Americans are questioning whether Hillary is qualified to be president: 
Just heard about the serious car accident involving staff and volunteers. Please join me in praying for them.
 Hey , I'm a student a Charleston Southern, and I'm working hard to make sure YOU are the next President Of the…
At an event in Iowa yesterday, an atheist asked me about my faith. Here's what I said: 
 100s of SC students are working around the clock to  for Watch here:  
 Thanks for the help, guys!
I'm confident SCOTUS will agree Obama executive orders are unconstitutional. Regardless, as president, I will end them.
We're just 2 weeks away from when voting begins...  
Happy to welcome Wilson and his legendary pickup to our growing grassroots team!  
While innocent Israelis are murdered, Obama admin criticizes Israel instead of Palestinian leaders inciting violence 
Guess what viewers were searching for during the Democratic debate? Hint: It's not good for Hillary. 
Today we honor a man whose courage and strength forever changed our nation for good.  
So glad to have this legendary conservative activist on the ground with our team in Iowa:  
Hillary got asked a lot of questions last night at the  But this is what Americans wanted to know: 
 Had a blast today showing my pride!  in Naples,FL. 
 At 7am in Decorah, IA turns out crowd close to 1/3 (~200) of the total that will likely caucus in this county …
The Second Amendment is not a suggestion. It's a right. Get the T-shirt. → 
Agree that Hillary Clinton cannot be president? Get the sticker → 
I will look for ways to limit the number of abortions in this country, particularly late-term abortions. 
If you elect me as president, we will turn this country around. We will reclaim the American dream.  
Hillary Clinton is disqualified from being commander in-chief. Get the sticker →   
Two hours of this? Imagine four years.  
Not interested in the  Watch our highlight video from Thursday's  instead &gt;&gt; 
Obamacare is hurting Americans and killing jobs. In 2016, we need to elect someone who will repeal and replace it. 
2016 is critical. If we elect Hillary Clinton, the next four years will be worse than the last eight.  
In 2008 we elected someone who didn't want to fix America—he wanted to change it. We can't make that mistake again. 
Iran is not our ally. They are not our friends. 
If you want someone who supports Common Core and gun control...  
 "After listening to Marco Rubio speak, they are no longer undecided."   
Obama gave Iran exactly what they wanted in exchange for innocent hostages.
The 2nd Amendment is not a suggestion. It's a right. Click here if you agree: 
We can't elect just any Republican. This is why: 
The right to life is a human right. 
I believe that one of the fundamental rights given to us by our Creator is the right to live. 
 thanks for all of your hard work!
For me, the issue of abortion and life is not a political issue. It's a human rights issue. 
I had a great time in New Hampshire yesterday! Check out this news report from our event in Derry:   
Iran needs to also help locate Floridian Robert Levinson. This hostage-taking must stop.
Thankful that prayers have been answered and Pastor Saeed, Amir Hekmati, Jason Rezaian and another American will finally come home.
Glad to be back in Iowa today! Several town halls with my friends and Join us:  
People are desperate and are spending millions of dollars in false attacks against me. Don't fall for it. 
Hillary Clinton is disqualified from being commander-in-chief. Here's why:  
 Now in Claremont kicks off 5th stop of the day in NH   
Don't fall for the false attack ads being run against me. Here's the truth: 
The 2nd Amendment is not a suggestion. It is a right. Get the Limited Edition T-shirt now. 
 Show your support for Marco with a free sticker. Claim yours today →  
I am honored to have the support of Kelly -- the sister of slain U.S. border patrol agent Brian Terry. 
 Great meeting you, Shannon. Thanks for coming out!
Watch my new TV ad that begins airing today, on how I will keep our border secure and our country safe: 
 Good morning from Derry NH! This crowd is excited for   
 Did you miss the  last night? Watch all of answers in full here: 
 Get this LIMITED EDITION T-Shirt with Marco's mic-dropping line of the night:   
Thanks for your support in the  tonight! Join our team today: 
If you elect me, we will reclaim the American dream. Join me today: 
Show your support for Marco, and donate now:  
It's Marco's line of the night. Now you can wear it:   
Make sure you're following along with our  live blog &gt;&gt; 
Retweet if you agree: the 2nd Amendment is not a suggestion. It's a right.   
This president has consistently underestimated the threat of ISIS. 
Head over to our store right now because we're having a  sale...10% off every item with code: FBNDEBATE  
Watching the  Chip in to our campaign right now, right from Twitter: 
 Marco is winning the  so you win too! Everything in the store is 10% off &gt;&gt;  
 Excellent answer by on guns.
Are you following along with us online during the If not, you should! &gt;&gt; 
Retweet if you agree that we should focus on the important issues at this  
This president is more concerned with funding Planned Parenthood than funding the military. 
Hillary Clinton is disqualified from being president.  if you agree:  
During this  commercial break, just a reminder to follow along with us on our live blog &gt;&gt; 
Hillary Clinton is disqualified from being Commander-in-Chief. 
Watch the  on 📺: along online with us here 💻: 
 Retweet to let know you've got his back! 
Handing over my Twitter account to - tune into the  now. Follow our liveblog: 
I said this in the first  back in August. I cannot wait to run against Hillary.  
Looking forward to the debate tonight! Remember this moment at the CNBC   
I'm heading to New Hampshire following the  Join me in Derry for a town hall tomorrow AM. RSVP here: 
 to this moment at the last   
Getting ready for the  in Charleston tonight! Tune in at 9pm ET on 
We just released this new video today. Check it out: 
 I'm looking forward to it as well! Going to be a great night. Thanks for the support, Morgan.
 Happy Birthday, Ashlyn!
 I'm really looking forward to tonight! Thank you for the continued support.
 Thank you for the prayers, Katy! Means a lot.
Iran knows they can get away with anything -- including humiliating our sailors -- as long as Obama is in office. 
ISIS must be confronted for what they are: a growing and looming threat. 
The U.S. sailors were taken by Iran because President Obama is weak.
 Just another Wednesday afternoon phone bank here at Team NH HQ!    
Nobody is above the law, not even Hillary Clinton. 
Believe it or not, multiple Republican candidates for president support new taxes on the American people. 
A great crowd at our rally in Mt. Pleasant SC today! Thanks for the warm welcome. 
This president has always underestimated the threat of ISIS. 
The reason Hillary Clinton is attacking me this time is absurd: 
Obamacare must be repealed and replaced. It's hurting Americans all over our country:  
Iran held and humiliated our sailors -- knowing they can get away with anything as long as Obama is in office.
 While is in the Lowcountry our Clemson are representing in the upstate on campus today! ht…
Here's why I think Hillary is completely disqualified from being president: 
Proud to have this prominent conservative leader on our team: 
 I hope you have a wonderful birthday, Kadee!
 asked me if I think Obama understated the ISIS threat in his  last night. My response: 
The purpose of my presidency will be to restore the American Dream. 
This president has been the single most divisive political figure this country has had over the last decade.
I talked with tonight on about Obama's final State of the Union address. 
America needs a real commander-in-chief and a president who will keep us safe.  
  "The last 7 years of Barack Obama have been disastrous"  
Iran is testing the boundaries of this Administration’s resolve. I will repeal the Iran deal on Day 1. 
My response to reports that Iran is holding ten American sailors:
Hillary Clinton is attacking me yet again. Here's why: 
Thanks for all of your hard work, Look forward to being back in Iowa in a few days.  
No job creator wants more taxes or regulations, yet that's exactly what some candidates for president are proposing. 
I joined on last night to talk about the state of the race. Watch the interview here: 
We are competing everywhere in the country. 
What our country needs is economic growth, and there is no new tax that leads to economic growth. 
 This leader in southwest Iowa says it best:   
Last night asked me about the latest news regarding Hillary's emails. This is what I had to say: 
This letter from a voter is a reminder of how important 2016 is: we must elect someone who will repeal Obamacare. 
Our nationwide network of conservatives keeps growing. 
  “I know doesn’t want to run against me, but I can’t wait to run against her."  
In my hard-hitting new ad, I answer a lot of questions about... football: 
I'm talking with on tonight at 10pm ET. Tune in!
 I had a great time today. Tell him thank you for coming out!
Football Fans - what's your prediction in the   or  
Proud to say we are the first campaign to announce leadership teams in all 50 states. 
Voters all across America know it: Obamacare is a bad law.  
As President, I will pick Supreme Court judges who respect our most sacred institutions. 
  campaign just accomplished what no other campaign has: 
Proud to announce our Southwest Iowa leadership team:  
Clinton's emails reveal the hostility of Obama admin toward Israel: 
Obama was the first U.S. president to think of America as a bully rather than a leader. 
This is why Obamacare must be repealed and replaced. It's hurting Americans all over our country: 
I told on today that we need strong intelligence programs: 
My family had a great time today at the annual Three Kings Day parade in Miami. 
I'm proud to welcome these great Iowa agriculture leaders to our team:  
We should not have a commander-in-chief who wants to weaken our intelligence programs.
Had a great time talking with voters during lunch today at in Spartanburg, SC. 
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Cape Coral FL who were affected by last night's tornado.
Glenn Beck knows it too. Hillary is afraid to run against me, because she knows she'll lose. 
 Yesterday at  shared about how his parents inspire him:
I talked with this morning on Watch the interview here: 
  will be on with this morning at 9am ET. Tune in!
We have to address our outdated government:  
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama's policy of leading from behind is a total failure. 
This is how we restore American leadership to a world badly in need of it: 
Today at  I shared about my parents, and how their story speaks to the promise of America: 
I would have made a great NFL player...if it weren't for my lack of size, speed and talent.  
 Just 3 weeks before the first votes are cast in Iowa, speaks exclusively to  Sunday.
  got a standing ovation for his response to protesters at  See what he said ; 
Yes, Hillary is experienced. Experienced in making the wrong decisions. 
 WATCH: addresses the Philadelphia shooting: "This was terrorism." 
 "Free Enterprise is the only system that makes the poor richer without making the rich poorer"- 
About to speak at  in SC w/ and Watch Live &gt;&gt; 💻:  📺:
  had this to say about Marco's chances against Hillary Clinton:  
 It might be early, but Aiken SC is up and getting rowdy for today! Incredible. growing! 
Honored that this great Floridian will be my guest at next Tuesday's State of the Union:  
Thanks Gov. for joining me in supporting a Convention of States to limit power of Washington. 
You may have missed this, but we are officially on the Illinois ballot, thanks to an all-volunteer effort. 
See what had to say after attending our Dallas rally: 
Hillary Clinton is the architect of leading from behind. 
Glad to welcome this group of Texas conservatives to our growing team! 
Take action ; be part of our Granite State Game Day this Saturday in Manchester! RSVP:  
 Thanks for the words of encouragement, Israel. Hope you have a great birthday!
In my new hard-hitting ad, I answer a lot of questions about... football:
Thanks! I'm excited to be there, should be a lot of fun. 
 Former President Backs as "living testament to the American Dream" [cfga.us] 
Thanks for the support,  
Looking forward to our Miami rally on Sunday with special guest Rick Harrison  RSVP here: 
I talked with Neil Cavuto yesterday about China's market plunge, North Korea, and more: 
Check out my new ad that is running ahead of the NFL wild card games this weekend: 
The four things I would do to stop North Korea: 
The first debate of 2016 is coming up, and you could be there! Donate $10 or more to win a trip to watch in person: 
We are not a weak country; we just have a weak president. This is how we turn back toward strength: 
Our positive, issues-oriented campaign is resonating with more and more Iowans every day: 
Hillary doesn't want to run against me, but I can't wait to run against her. 
 great meeting you! Thanks for coming out.
Our contest ends tonight at midnight. Enter now for a chance to watch the first debate of 2016 in person: 
Yesterday, we had a huge rally in Dallas and announced our Texas leadership team: 
 Great show with tonight on He answers your questions ; more - 5ET on  
What our  volunteers accomplished in Illinois is amazing. Check it out: 
Ever wondered what it's like to watch a debate in person?  
 "He will crush says he was "very impressed" with  
You'll hear Hillary attacking me a lot over the next few weeks. Why? Because she's afraid to run against me.
Enter to win a trip for 2 to watch the first debate of 2016 LIVE, in person. Contest ends tonight at midnight. 
Hillary attacks my record because she knows if I am the nominee, we are going to beat her. 
Proud to welcome Clive City Councilman Ted Weaver to our team!  
The first debate of 2016 is on January 14, and you could watch it live. Donate $10 or more for a chance to win. 
Had a great time, Thanks for having me on the show, and thanks for coming to our rally.  
These are the four things we must do to stop North Korea: 
You'll hear Hillary attacking me a lot over the next few weeks. And this is why: 
Proud to have Rep. Jason Chaffetz on Team Marco, and glad to have him joining me on the trail this week: 
 This conservative leader in Iowa says it perfectly:  
America needs a real commander-in-chief and a president who will keep us safe. 
I was asked today how I would deal with North Korea. Here are four things I would do to stop them:
Obama's gun control executive order undermines the 2nd amendment and will do nothing to keep people safe. 
The number one priority as president is to keep our country safe. 
to people like Kim Jong-un and ensure our country has the capabilities necessary to keep America safe. (5/5)
Our enemies around the world are taking advantage of Obama's weakness. We need new leadership that will stand up (4/5)
If this test is confirmed, it will be just the latest example of the failed Obama-Clinton foreign policy. (3/5)
who has been expanding his nuclear arsenal while President Obama has stood idly by. (2/5)
I have been warning throughout this campaign that North Korea is run by a lunatic (1/5)
Enter to win a trip for 2 to watch the first debate of 2016 LIVE, in person:
Watch my new TV ad that begins airing today: 
President Obama is obsessed with undermining the 2nd Amendment.  
America needs a real commander-in-chief and a president who will keep us safe.
What's it like to watch a debate in person? Hear from a supporter who experienced it herself: 
The Iran deal has already become nothing more than a get-out-of-jail-free card. 
 Great turnout here in Mason City, Iowa. laying out his vision for A New American Century.  
My response to Obama's gun control executive order:
Donate $10 or more and you could be watching the first debate of 2016 in person:  
I talked with last night on about national security and rebuilding our military:
 EXCLUSIVE "The mullahs will no longer have an American president to push around." 
 Tune to now! will be on at 9:10am ET. 
This is how we recover from eight years of Obama's weak foreign policy: 
As President, I will reverse Obama's unconstitutional gun rules on day one. 
I talked with New Hampshire voters this morning about the failures of Obama's foreign policy. See what I had to say: 
I'll be on with at 8:20pm ET -- Tune in! 
The first debate of 2016 is on January 14, and you could watch it live. Donate $10 or more for a chance to win! 
 You'll have to come next time! Should be a lot of fun.
 Make it three and you've got yourself a deal
 I'd love to meet you! Sign up here: 
 Look forward to meeting you, Ryan! Thanks for the support.
 Unlike other campaigns that spent $$ getting signatures, ours was done by 100s of volunteers. Thank you! 
 Marco officially on IL ballot after all-volunteer effort gathered 5k+ signatures. Sen. Mike Connelly filed this AM: 
  kicked off 2016 with massive crowds in South Carolina. See for yourself: 
Even though he's not old enough to vote, I loved getting the chance to talk with this young supporter this weekend: 
Our strong team continues to grow! Excited to have leading our surging grassroots effort in DE. 
Happy Birthday to the legend, Don Shula. Hope you enjoyed yesterday's win as much as I did. 🐬  
I told New Hampshire voters today that I will reverse Obama's planned gun limits the first day I am in office: 
Had a great time at our Town Hall in Milford, NH, this morning! Thanks to everyone who came out.   
 Thank you for taking the time to answer grandma's questions! You have our vote!  
 Much respect to for supporting small businesses. It was an honor to meet him tonight! Good luck to Senator…
 Thanks for all the hard work! Grateful for the continued support.
 TARS officers had a great time listening to speak today and helping his campaign in Lex!  
 Thanks for the kind words, Scott! Was great meeting you and so many other South Carolinians today.
 To ring in the New Year, our official 2016 calendars are on sale today! Get one now: 
We'll be in New Hampshire tomorrow and Monday and I hope you can make it to one of our events! Get details here: 
 Thanks so much for the continued support!
 HUGE crowd in Hilton Head this afternoon for SC is ready for a New American Century! 
Thanks for your all your hard work!  
 AP VIDEO: takes a break from campaigning to take his kids sledding.  
Count down the days til we win the White House! Our 2016 wall calendars are on sale today only: 
Today's Meet ; Greet in Easley, South Carolina will be rescheduled. We apologize and will return as soon as possible.
Looking forward to our events in South Carolina tomorrow! You can get details and RSVP here: 
 Marco campaigning in South Carolina tomorrow.  our great SC team:
This is the story of our campaign so far: 
Iran advancing missile program while Obama wavers.  When will the appeasement end?
  supporters in Cleveland came out to meet the bus this morning on its drive from Iowa to New Hampshire! 
  "This is the year where we're going to have a chance to turn America around." 
Ring in the New Year with some new  gear! Shop now:     
Momentum has been building every day since I announced on April 13th. Read our 2015 recap:  
Until midnight, all donations to our campaign come with a free bumper sticker! Chip in now:  
Look back at our year on the campaign trail with our Top 10 YouTube videos of 2015:  
What a year 2015 has been for our campaign -- but 2016 will be even better. 
The last thing we need are more Obama executive actions. As president, I will protect our 2nd Amendment rights.
Every donation before midnight tonight comes with a free bumper sticker. Chip in now:  
This is why Rep. has joined our team: 
 Just saying: Our winter gear is perfect for sledding. Get yours here &gt;&gt; 📸 
Take a look back at this year on the campaign by checking out our Top 10 videos of 2015:  
Troubled that Maduro regime in  now using courts to undermine democracy and will of the people.
Vladimir Morera Bacallao is a political prisoner dying in Cuban prison. He deserves our support, Castros deserve condemnation.
From the day I announced to now -- this is the story of our campaign so far: 
Ring in the New Year with some new  gear! Shop now: 
Every day, more people are joining our team and getting behind our message. Welcome to the team, Trey!
The world is a safer place when America is the strongest country on earth. 
Our unifying message of a New American Century is resonating with more and more voters in Iowa:  
 Thanks for your help!
Watch my new ad all about foreign policy that begins airing today: 
I talked with this morning about President Obama's failed foreign policy in Afghanistan:
Looking forward to cheering on my Join me at our watch party in Atkinson, NH  
Thankful to have joining me on the trail in Iowa -- check out some of the highlights from yesterday: 
 Mrs. Rubio talks with voters at the Town Hall in Newton, IA, before Marco speaks.  
The world is a safer place when America is the strongest country on earth.
 BREAKING NEWS: Presidential candidate has officially endorsed Convention of States Project!  
 All smiles getting off the bus today at the first stop in Pella, Iowa!  
In case you missed it, check out our Top Ten Tweets of 2015:  
We're very proud to have Rep. support. He's a phenomenal member of Congress.
 Thanks, James. I appreciate the kind words!
Another maxed out crowd for our Town Hall tonight in Sioux City, IA. Thanks to all who came out!  
 Would love to meet you and the kids! Hopefully you can make it out.
 Hope you're able to make it! Event starts at 1:15
What went viral this year on the campaign trail? Check out our Top Ten Tweets of 2015:  
Thanks to everyone who came out!  
 Rep introducing at the Town Hall in Clinton, Iowa.   
 A little snow isn't enough to stop team NH from reaching voters!    
 Are you ready for Marco's big event with Trey Gowdy? Tune in now and watch live! 
We're proud to have Rep. on our team. He's a phenomenal conservative member of Congress. 
  understands the American Dream ; believes agriculture is critical to expanding opportunity in America. 
 I appreciate those kind words, Kelsey. Let's make the American Dream a reality for more people than ever.
The president is more focused on a political narrative rather than solving the actual problem of ISIS.
 Love it! Hope you enjoy it. Thanks for the support, Ryan.
Thanks for a great year online! Check out our Top 10 Facebook posts of 2015:  
Liberals are targeting concealed carry. I will fight to protect it. 
 Count down the days until Marco is elected with a 2016 wall calendar! Order now: 
Jeanette and I talked with in NH about the campaign, family, and our Christmas traditions. Watch it here: 
  will be talking with on tonight at 9:10pm ET. Tune in! 
From debate highlights to fantasy football videos -- our Top Ten Facebook Posts of 2015:  
Looking forward to the start of our "Out With The Old, In With The New" bus tour in Iowa w/ RSVP now: 
 Hope you like it! Thanks for the support.
  will be live on w/ at 6:35pm ET. Listen here:   
 Awesome! Thanks for the support, Afton.
 Thank you so much for the prayers and support! It means a lot.
Help kick off our "Out With The Old, In With The New" bus tour tomorrow in Iowa w/ SC Rep RSVP here: 
Your constitutional right to bear arms shouldn't end at the border of one state versus another. 
 I have decided to support He inspires me the way I imagine Ronald Reagan inspired countless young patriots…
 Just got my Marco Rubio 2016 long sleeve tee ; bumper sticker! Go Marco! 
 Thanks for the support, Justin! Glad to have you on our team.
 Awesome! Look forward to meeting you.
Due to weather conditions, today's Burlington Town Hall will be rescheduled. Please know the safety of our attendees is our  priority.
 Look forward to seeing you!
I stand firmly against Virginia's decision to end concealed carry reciprocity. 
Jeanette and I sat down with in New Hampshire to talk about the campaign, family and more. See it here: 
Happy to have joining me for several days in Iowa this week. I hope you can make it to one of our events: 
 We were talking politics at Christmas, and we realized we're all voting in the New Hampshire state primary!
 Hope she enjoys it! Very cute.
 Good luck in the Championship! If Brees is healthy, you've got to start him.
Stay warm and support our campaign! Check out the winter gear in our store today: 
I'll be in Iowa Monday through Wednesday and I hope you can make it to one of our events. Get details here: 
 Thank you, Jason. We're blessed beyond measure.
Merry Christmas, and best wishes for a blessed New Year. 
From our family to yours, Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
This Christmas, we must remember slaughtered Christians in the Middle East. 
Our store gift cards make the perfect last minute Christmas gift! Shop here: 
My family and I had a great time in New Hampshire this week. See what we've been up to here:  
 Hope you're enjoying the book! Thanks for the support.
Jeanette and I sat down with in NH after a great week there with our family. Watch the interview here:
I told last night that Hillary's answer on ISIS shows just how out of touch she is. Watch the interview here: 
I talked with on last night about Hillary Clinton's failed foreign policy. See what I had to say:
I had a great time at our pancake breakfast this morning in Franklin, NH! Thanks to all who came out.  
Jumpstart your mornings with our coffee mug bundle! Shop now: 
 Sign up to help get Marco on the ballot in your state! 
Wash Post cartoon featuring children is disgusting. The Post saying the kids are “fair game” is even worse.
  Town Hall in Littleton, NH, is underway!   
My kids loved Chutters Candy Shop in Littleton, NH -- home of the world's longest candy counter!   
Stopped by Scorpio's Pizza in Lancaster, NH, during lunch today.   
 Happy early birthday, Preston! Thank you so much for the support.
 Awesome! Thanks for the support. Great seeing young people so involved.
Just wrapped up a great Town Hall at the VFW in Berlin, NH. Thanks to everyone who came out!   
 Christening my early Christmas present this morning ☕️ 
We won't be "where we need to be" in the fight against ISIS until we ditch the Obama-Clinton foreign policy. 
"JV Team." "Under control." "Where we need to be." Democrats just don't get it. We need a better plan against ISIS. 
 Thanks for the words of support! Glad to have you on board, Caleb.
Hillary claims we're "where we need to be" in the fight against ISIS. See what I had to say in response: 
 Thanks for the support and congratulations on your achievement! Very exciting.
 Glad to have you on board. Thanks for joining the team!
I am deeply saddened by the loss of American service members in a suicide bombing near the Bagram air base in Afghanistan.
 full response to NH voter on below. Says "We are really looking forward to the general" 
 Thank you! Your support is greatly appreciated. Merry Christmas!
 Glad to hear that, James. Be sure to check out my website: 
I told this morning that Obama and Clinton's policies have made us less safe:
  will be live on this morning at 8:15am ET! Tune in. 
 Stay warm this winter while supporting Marco! 
To be the leading economy in the world, we need products conceived by American minds and built by American hands. 
I talked with on about immigration, national security, and more. See what I had to say:
I sat down with John Dickerson on today. Watch the interview here: 
 Reminder! will be on tomorrow morning. Tune in. 
Stopped by the Shrine Bowl of the Carolinas at Wofford College in SC today. 
 Stopped by the w/ - beautiful day for some football!  cc 
 Thank you for the support!
I got this Christmas card from a young supporter, and had to share it with you. Thanks for sending it, Ruby! 
 Great bunch. Thanks for making me feel so welcome!
 Thanks for having me! Good times.
 Was great meeting you and your friends. Thanks for coming out!
This is how I would reinvigorate American manufacturing: 
 Ahead of Marco's visit to NH,  our team! …
Check out the newest item in our store! A 2016 wall calendar. Pre-order now -- ships in January. 
Yesterday in Iowa, I talked about my vision for a new era of American manufacturing. See what I had to say: 
NBC's goes behind-the-scenes with us on the campaign trail. Check it out: 
Looking forward to our four state rally in Joplin, MO tomorrow afternoon! Would love to see you there. RSVP here: 
Thanks for all your support since the debate! Watch the highlights, then chip in $5 here: 
Look forward to meeting you guys! Thanks for the support. 
As President, I will reverse Obama's concessions to Cuba that have done nothing but strengthen the Castro regime. 
 Thank you, Jana! Honored to have your support.
Read what had to say about our fight against the Obamacare bailout: 
Thanks for all your support after the debate last night! Check out the highlights here: 
Give a high five for 5 GOP debate WINS! 
Check out this highlight video from the  and then chip in $5 to our campaign here: 
Congrats go to Abby Wambach as she plays her last game for the  A storied career. Go Gators. Go USA.
Watch the highlights from last night's  
I'm coming back to Iowa tomorrow and Friday! Will be in Muscatine and Dubuque. Join us:  
 Count down the days til Marco is elected with a 2016 calendar! Pre-order them now -- they'll ship in January. 
 Great crowd here in Manchester NH welcoming  
After a great night at the  I'm happy to add an exciting new leader to our growing team. Welcome, 
 Victory Lap in IA this AM after a big debate win. On to NH now! 
America is the greatest country in the world. It's time we had a president that acted like it.
  After a late night/post debate flight to IA, preparing to go live on 
 Give Marco a high-five for his 5th debate win! Click here now: 
Give a high five for 5 GOP debate WINS! 
 How you can support Marco, right now: sign up to help get him on the ballot in your state. 
 Donate $5 without even leaving Twitter ; let know you’re on his team tonight:  
Watching the debate? Tell me how I’m doing. Click here now:  
Our Intelligence Community is not being equipped to protect us. Agree? Click here: 
Show your support for Marco now! Get some official gear:   
Our Intelligence Community is not being equipped to protect us. Agree with Rubio? Click here.
Our Intelligence Community is not equipped to protect Us. Agree with Rubio? Click here.
Read about my plan to defeat ISIS here:  
Watch my ISIS answer again. Click here now and add your name if you agree.
 FACT: stood with Obama, Reid ; Schumer to weaken the NSA  
Watch my ISIS answer again. Click here now and add your name if you agree.
Watch my ISIS answer again. Click here now and donate $5 if you agree.
If you elect me president, we will have a president that believes America is the greatest country in the world, and acts like it. 
 Retweet if you're rooting for Marco tonight in the  
Handing over my Twitter account to - tune into the  now. Follow our liveblog: 
Watching the debate? Tell me how I’m doing. Click here now. 
We’ve dominated 5 debates in a row. Keep the momentum going by donating $5 tonight.  
5 debates = 5 wins. Support Rubio and donate $5.  
  set a goal of recruiting 2,000 donors before  starts tonight: chip in $5: 
The 5th GOP debate is happening right now. Click here to tell us who you think is winning. 
Watching the debate? Tell me how I’m doing. Click here now. 
Watching the debate? Tell me how I’m doing. Click here now. 
The 5th GOP debate is happening right now. Click here to tell us who you think is winning. 
Want to win some brand new Team Marco gear? Head over to my Snapchat to see how: marcorubio16
 Sherrie, thank you so much for your prayers! Excited for tonight.
 Thanks! Looking forward to it, Mary.
 Thanks for the continued support, Cheyenne.
It’s almost time for the  Want a behind-the-scenes look at the day? Add me on Snapchat: marcorubio16 
 When your phone case comes in the day of the debate. &gt;&gt;&gt;   
 Thanks for your continued support! Excited for tonight.
 Thanks, Matthew. I'm grateful for the support!
 Your prayers mean so much! Thank you, Karla.
I joined on last night to talk about Pres. Obama's disastrous foreign policy. See what I said:
I'm talking with tonight at 10pm ET on -- Tune in!
This is what this election is all about: 
This election is about the greatest country in the world -- and acting like it.
Here is what I will do as President to defeat ISIS and guarantee the safety of our people: 
  decorating the truck for the Hampstead  Parade! !     
Miss Meet the Press this morning? Watch my interview with Chuck Todd here:
 Don't miss this rally in  with my pick for president on Monday! Grab tickets now: 
I'll be on NBC's with this morning. Tune in!
Even more people are talking about our efforts to stop the Obamacare bailout: 
 It was an honor listening to ; meeting Sen. Rubio! Such a charismatic man w/ great conservative ideas!🇺🇸 
My brother and I sat down for an interview on yesterday. Miss it? Watch it here:
  back at Furman University. Find a better back drop. You can't. 
 Thanks for the support, everyone! Means a lot.
How we're stopping Obama from getting rid of key counter-terrorism intel: 
  had a GREAT visit to Iowa yesterday. Will be back next week.  our IA team:
 Tonight 7pET: sits down w/ ; his brother Mario Rubio, an Army vet, in Iowa 
Get your gift shopping done today! It's the last day to purchase and guarantee delivery by Christmas. 
 Thanks for the support! More importantly, thank you for your service.
At a event yesterday in Iowa, I laid out my plan to fix the VA system: 
We must continue our support of Israel and its defenses. 
 signing a grad student's permission slip to get her out of her next class. Photo cred 
Happy to welcome to our growing grassroots army! Join us to make this A New American Century:  
 Awesome! Love it.
  ; How We're Stopping Obama Pressing 'Delete' On Counter-Terrorism Intel 
As President, I will set out to destroy ISIS. 
The greatest job of America’s president is to keep our people safe. I will not tire in my efforts to do so. 
 You can get plugged in at 
This is why I will keep Gitmo open: Ex-detainee has become a leader for Al Qaeda in Yemen. 
Welcome aboard, Happy to have you join our growing team as we work to build A New American Century.
 Well I hope to earn you vote! Thanks for making me feel so welcome in Michigan.
  Thanks for coming out, Hannah! I had a lot of fun with you guys.
 Awesome picture, Ben. Thanks for the encouragement!
 Thanks for coming out! I had a great time.
On this morning, I laid out my plan to defeat ISIS:
This election is a generational choice about what kind of country we will be. 
Even the gets it -- our fight against the Obamacare bailouts is actually working: 
Tell President Obama: No More Ideological SillinessClick here: 
Everyone running wants to dismantle Obamacare. I've actually done something toward achieving that goal: 
 A large and lively turnout to see in Waterford today.  
 very cute! Thanks for the support, and thank you for your time in the police force.
 This is cool, Robert. Thanks for sharing!
 Really happy to hear that Andrew. Thank you for the kind words! If you want to help, sign up here: 
Great news from Iowa: more conservative leaders announced they're ready for a New American Century. Welcome! 
Headed to MI today! Our team just gained the support of conservative leaders from around the state. See who: 
WATCH and  if you agree.
This is what it's like when you get to watch a debate in person:  
Tell President Obama: No More Ideological SillinessClick here: 
Ever wondered what it's like to watch a debate in person?  
Join our IN co-chairs ; to make sure we're on the ballot in the Hoosier state! 
This election is a generational choice about what kind of country we will be. 
 I appreciate all of your hard work! Thanks, Team.
What's it like to watch a debate in person? Hear from a supporter who experienced it herself: 
 reports another missile test by Iran with no repercussions from Obama. I will end this flawed deal. 
Thanks for your help,  
I got this letter from Howard, a veteran and fellow Floridian. Grateful for his support and prayers. 
Enter to win a trip for 2 to Las Vegas to watch the next debate LIVE, in person:  
I talked with in response to President Obama's address last night. Here's what I had to say: 
The next President better be somebody who can unite our country to face the great challenges of the 21st Century.
I disagree with Donald Trump's latest proposal. His habit of making offensive and outlandish statements will not bring Americans together.
 It's a Monday afternoon, and we have volunteers at the HQ making phone calls!   
This election is a generational choice. And the choice matters, because:
 Thanks for your help!
I talked with last night in response to President Obama's Oval Office address. See what I had to say: 
 TONIGHT: will respond to President Obama's address on with at 8:30pm ET.
Wishing a happy and joyful Hanukkah to all those gathering to light the menorah at sundown today. 
This is why our intelligence programs are vital and must be restored: 
 Grab some coffee ☕️  and tune in! talks with on at 9am ET. 
I only have one word for the White House's response to the terror attack in California: inexplicable.
My statement on today’s report that FBI officials cannot access NSA records in California terror case: 
Great to be back in West Miami today ; seeing so many friends 
Megyn Kelly asked me what I thought of Obama's response to the terror attack in California. See what I said:
 Get to a TV and tune to is coming up soon on The  
None of the recent mass shootings or terror attacks would have been prevented by Democrats' proposals. 
 Don't miss on with tonight at 9:40pm ET. He'll talk about the San Bernardino shooting ; dom…
We are at war with radical apocalyptic jihadists. We need to put an end to their ability to conduct operations.
Thanks for having me 
 Christians wondering which candidate best understands their faith might want to list to this from
New gun laws won’t stop criminals intent on committing violence. 
Stricter gun laws will not stop violence and terrorism.
 See!! This is leadership: no equivocation, calling the  terrorists what they are! 
 Great seeing you, Lauren. Glad to be back!
Enter to win a trip to Las Vegas to watch the next GOP Presidential Debate LIVE, in person!  
 Good morning from The Big 🍎! Grab your sugar free redbull and watch on circa 8:00 ET! 
Russian aggression in the Middle East is dangerous. We must stand up for our allies in the region. 
Instead of standing with Israel, the Obama administration consistently takes the path of least resistance.  
 Thanks, Zack. Glad to have you on the team.
 Would love to have you on the team, David! I appreciate the kind words.
 Thanks for the kind words, Terry.
 Thanks, Steve. Would be glad to have you on our team.
Tune into now. I'm talking with Neil Cavuto at 4:25pm EST. 
 Our Facebook Q;A on the Obamacare bailout has begun. is ready for your questions:  
My remarks from today at the Republican Jewish Coalition forum:  
 Awesome, hope you like it!
As President I will challenge the real impediments to peace in the Middle East, and stand up for Israel.  
Getting ready to speak at the forum. Watch online here:  
I am speaking at the forum this morning at 10:15 EST. You can watch live here:  
 Today at 3pm EST we're holding a Facebook Q;A on the Obamacare bailout:  
I am now officially on the ballot for the Missouri primary. Thank you, for making it happen. 
I am calling on the GOP to permanently stop the return of the Obamacare bailout. Read more at 
 Good times! Thanks for coming out.
I had a great time in Guntersville, AL, last night. Thank you to everyone who came out in spite of the rain! 
I talked with about the need to restore the intelligence programs restricted by Obama: 
Last year, I stopped an Obamacare bailout and saved taxpayers $2.5 billion. Read about it at 
 Thanks, Micah.
 Thank you so much for your hard work, Colette. Means a lot!
 Loved hearing talk about growing career/technical education opportunities! 
 Was a lot of fun! You'll have to come next time.
 Will see you next time. Thanks for the support, Parker. Oh, and Go Gators!
 was amazing tonight!! such an amazing speaker. he's definitely got my vote!! 
 Maybe next time?
Excited to add two more next generation conservative leaders to our team-- this time in the Mountain State!   
We're leading the fight to stop Obamacare. See what people are saying:
I'm talking with on his radio program Common Cents now. Listen in now: 
I'm about to go on live with Listen online here:  
Congress trying to add the Export-Import Bank as an earmark to an unrelated highway bill. I am opposed to reviving Ex-Im corporate welfare.
Even some Republicans are going along with Obama to weaken our intelligence programs. 
For years I've led the fight against taxpayer bailouts of Obamacare. Now we must work to stop them for good. 
  wore his official campaign gear on tonight. Get yours here:  
Up next: I'm joining on in just a few minutes. Tune in now. 
 Sounds like a good deal to me.
 Thanks for the support! Glad to have you on the team.
 Sounds like an A+ paper to me
Today only as part of our Cyber Monday sale, get this Limited Edition Team Marco baseball tee! Made in 🇺🇸. 
I'm talking with on NH Now in just a few minutes. Listen here:  
Our team is fighting to defend and expand the American Dream. Glad to have ; leading our efforts in MD.
Obama admin tells the Iran Deal is not "legally binding":  ⬇️ 
Honored to have join our team!
 This small business owner knows tax plan empowers small business and helps create jobs: 
 Bring the whole group! Would love to meet you guys.
 Looks good! Thanks for the support, Zack.
 "He's been fighting for a lot of things I believe in." endorses for President
Jumpstart your mornings with our new coffee mug bundle! Shop the Cyber Monday sale now: 
New hats, mugs, scarves and more. The All-Weekend Cyber Monday Sale is still going on: 
Not much else to say but: Go Gators. 🏈🐊 
Stay warm this winter with our new cold-weather bundle. Shop now and save! 
Republican leaders should make ending Obamacare bailouts one of our highest priorities to end this year. 
For two years, I’ve led the fight to prevent an Obamacare bailout. The fight’s not over yet: 
We have Cyber Monday sales in our store all weekend long. Get some new official gear now:  
Before I pardoned this turkey, I made sure to tell her we fry our birds each year. She had nothing to say. 
Sickened by candidate's murder in Venezuela. are thugs w/ innocents' blood on their hands 
From our family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving. 
Jeanette and I sat down on the this morning for a special Thanksgiving interview. Watch it here: 
Jeanette and I sat down with for a special interview that airs tomorrow morning. Tune in! 
 I'm literally now a card carrying member!! SO PUMPED!!!   
 Thanks for meeting with us today in SC. 
 Tomorrow on sits down with and his wife Jeanette for an exclusive interview. 
I talked with yesterday about Turkey shooting down a Russian jet, and how we must back up our allies. 
 Rubio budget win is dealing heavy blow to ObamaCare  
  here at in Grinnell, IA talking about his vision for a  
Months ago, I said Russia would start exploiting the vacuum in the Middle East. What I warned about is coming true. 
 Thanks for the kind words!
 We want to know how powerful new TV ad made you feel! Watch it and tweet your response: 
 Glad to join you.
 Thanks for the question! Glad to have your support.
 Marco Rubio responds to a question about faith, anxiety, joy, peace, prayer, and divine sovereignty 
Our new ad is about my father and the sacrifices he made to provide for our family.  WATCH:
 Have you seen new ad? It's the story of how a father's hard work secured a better future for his son: 
  will be on w/ at 11:10 today, make sure to watch our new early state ad first: 
  talks foreign policy, national security ; more with at 10pm ET tonight on Don't miss it!
As our team grows, the optimistic message stays the same. Happy to have Congresswoman join us in spreading that vision.
I got this awesome letter from Paulina, a 13-year-old in New Jersey. Thankful to have her support.  
We mourn slain teen  an American citizen murdered in a Palestinian terrorist attack. May his memory be a blessing.
 Great day collecting signatures for at the Nation's Gun Show in Chantilly, VA!  ht…
 Really cool place for townhall in Carroll, IA this am. Watch it here:   
 Excited to meet this morning! The 6am wake up call and hour+ roadtrip will be totally worth it! 
 Coming up now on is live from Iowa 
 Watch interview on earlier today: 
 "Evil will never relent, and when I am President, neither will America."
Watch and join me in standing against radical Islamic terrorists. -; 
 Watch on NOW - he joins live from Iowa.
The 6 steps I would take to destroy ISIS -; 
Your safety is my  priority. Please use your best judgment for attending today's events and stay home if you cannot travel safely.
Please check back throughout the day for more updates on today's events ; click here for more information: 
Due to weather conditions, today's Marshalltown Town Hall has been cancelled. All other events will run as originally scheduled.
This nation was not founded on political principles - this nation was founded on spiritual principles.  
 "This nation was not founded on political principles. It was founded on spiritual principles." - at 
Glad to have added another next generation conservative leader to our team. Welcome, 
Enter to win a trip to Las Vegas to watch the next GOP Presidential Debate LIVE, in person! 
The 6 steps I would take to destroy ISIS -; 
thank you for your service to our country  I’m thankful to have you on my team. 
  talks ISIS ; national security on with tonight at 9:30pm ET. Tune in!
Despicable Palestinian terror attack that killed 3, including an American, near Jerusalem today. Time for Palestinian incitement to end.
 Watch endorsement of here: 
Our team is full of next generation leaders from around the country. Honored to have join us! 
 I am proud to endorse for president. 
 Glad to have you on the team! Thanks, Justin.
 Thanks, Charlie!
Take it to go and get an official "Wake Up America" travel mug today!-; 
WATCH: Highlights from last week's Sunshine Summit in Orlando.-; 
We must call them what they are - radical Islamists. And we must defeat them. Click here if you agree: 
Around the country, we're building a team committed to making this A New American Century. Happy to have Rep. join us. 
 I am amazed at just how knowledgable is on foreign policy and geopolitical issues each time I hear him.
 I strongly believe that fundamentally understands foreign policy. The man needs no talking points.
WATCH: Highlights from last week's Sunshine Summit in Orlando.-; 
I wish him and his family all the best.
I have no doubt that he will play an important role in helping to elect the next President of the Unites States, and beyond.
Governor Jindal has served the people of Louisiana with distinction.
Governor Jindal is a true conservative and a principled leader, whose story epitomizes the American Dream.
  Looks good. Now it's time for you to get a Dolphins poster!
Follow me on Instagram to get more behind the scenes photos from our campaign: marcorubiofla
 Thank you for your prayers! Means a lot.
 "America owes me nothing. I have a debt to this nation I will never be able to repay. This country changed my life forever…
Yesterday I signed paperwork to get on the ballot in a few states ; permission slips for one of my kids' field trips 
We must call them what they are - radical Islamists. And we must defeat them. Click here if you agree: 
 Proud to be part of a great team  
We must call them what they are - radical Islamists. And we must defeat them. Click here: 
 Was great meeting you! Thanks for the support.
 Met Marco Rubio! 
 Wow! Over 10 HS Interns at our new SC Headquarters bright and early today! The team is growing like a wildfire!
 my daughters assignment in Gov. Class was to make a brochure about her candidate of choice.  
Glad you enjoyed it! Thanks for reading.  
This election is a generational choice. Please WATCH and  if you want to stop Hillary. 
We won’t be able to take more refugees.It’s not that we aren’t compassionate.But we can’t.No way to background check
 Marco joined to give more reaction to the  and detail how we as a nation must respond. 
 To recap...VIDEO: Unlike Won't Call The Threat For What It Is 
  talked about clash of civilizations today  and tonight can't even say …
The  are a wake up call. This is a clash of civilizations. Either they win or we win. 
to improve our defenses, destroy terrorist networks, and deprive them of the space from which to operate. (6/6)
to justice. We cannot let those who seek to disrupt our way of life succeed. We must increase our efforts at home and abroad (5/6)
and who is behind them, the United States should assist the French government in finding those who are accountable and bring them (4/6)
It is important for all Americans to stand with the people of France in this difficult time. As we learn more about the attacks  (3/6)
These brutal terrorist attacks against innocent civilians are a reminder of the increasing dangers facing free peoples around the world(2/6)
My prayers tonight are with the people of France as they come to terms with the terrible tragedy unfolding in Paris. (1/6)
Praying for victims of attacks in Paris and for those reportedly held hostage.
There's not much time left! Help us reach our goal for the Marco Million today -; 
 Some of the Florida  at the Sunshine Summit Day 1! Florida is country! 
WATCH: More welders. Fewer philosophers. Click here: 
 Great meeting the next POTUS 
 Proud to be named NY State Chair. He's the leader w/ vision ; plan to meet unique challenges we face. 
WATCH: We can't have an economy if we're not safe.
Yesterday on Snapchat. 
 Today I’m proud to endorse for President. He will bring the conservative movement into the White House ; into…
WATCH: More welders. Fewer philosophers. Click here: 
Today our nation honors the courage of Captain Florent Groberg. Read his incredible story here:  
WATCH: A  4-Peat!
 Missed the  See why will be the nominee ; lead America forward: 
 Great to spend time with again as opens SC HQ! 
  "[Putin] is a gangster. He runs his economy and country like an organized crime figure."  
 Iowan Chuck Farnum printed "RUBIOWA" signs for Davenport event.Rubio signed his: "I'm gonna frame it!" 
What a crowd at the grand opening of our South Carolina HQ! I’ll be back in the Palmetto State very soon. 
Today on snapchat. 
URGENT FUNDRAISING GOAL: Help us raise $1 Million in the 72 hrs. since the debate: 
 I was truly honored to meet you last night. You are an inspirational leader. Thx for being so gracious. 
Happy Veterans Day! 
 When in doubt, start your essay on the American Dream with a quote!
 Seriously, don't tell the fire marshal. packing the house in Davenport, IA. 400+ joining us for lunch! 
Thanks for the encouragement  
Up bright and early to join after another fun debate night! 
Making the rounds on the morning news shows. Thank you for all the great feedback and support.
Thanks for your support tonight! Click here to chip in $5 to join 
Catching up with team after a fun night! 
URGENT FUNDRAISING GOAL: Help us raise $1 Million in 72 hours following the debate-;  
 Rubio scores a hit in foreign policy scrum   
 "If I am our nominee, they will be the party of the past, and we will be the party of the 21st century."
We need to repeal Dodd-Frank.Watch, sign and  if you agree.
  says has no  Middle East strategy.  
 "You know why these banks are so big? The government made them big" -Rubio, yep. True. 
 "Either they win or we win." -
 Rubio: "We have a president ... who treats the prime minister of Israel with less respect than he shows the ayatollah in I…
 "Either they win or we win, we better take this risk seriously" -Rubio on threat from Islamic terror 
We can't even have an economy if we're not safe. 
 Marco’s 3rd answer: You Cannot Have A Strong Nation Without Strong Values
  - Help get Marco on the ballot in your state! 
  "It took the telephone to take 75 years to reach 100 million users. It took  1 year to reach 100 mil…
 Watch Marco’s first debate answer here 
 Searches for 'welding classes' are spiking 1,300% on right now 
  “For the life of me I don’t know why we have stigmatized vocational education.” 
  says that higher education needs to be destigmatized.  
  "We need more welders than philosophers"  
  "If I thought raising the minimum wage was the best way to help people increase their pay, I'd be all for it. Bu…
  supports reforming the tax code ; entitlement state.  [cfga.us]
Welders make more money than philosophers. We need more welders and less philosophers. 
 "We need more welders than philosophers."
 Want to help during the  Join our virtual war room here: 
In the hold room, waiting for the debate to start! 
Handing over my Twitter account to - tune into the  now. Follow our liveblog: 
 Thanks for the support guys!
 if you're rooting for Marco in tonight's debate. 
 Thanks, Parker. I'm looking forward to it!
  is all smiles on debate day!  
Cruising through downtown Milwaukee. 
 Grateful for your service. Thank you!
Happy 240th Birthday to the United States Marine Corps.  
 Thank you for your service. Honored to have your support.
 Thanks, Brock. Looking forward to tonight!
Just wrapped up this morning's walk through at the Milwaukee Theatre! Who else is excited for tonight's  
 was a "HUGE Marco fan" before getting ready to spend $20M on phony attacks.
  reveals $20 million secret plan to attack A sad move for a "huge Marco fan" 
What kind of debate do you want to see tomorrow?
 I appreciate your prayers, Ray. Thank you.
Love it. Happy Birthday!  
 Marco meeting some Badgers after our rally... 
  snapped a quick photo with the catering staff from Gooseberries before speaking in Burlington, WI. 
 Great to be back in Wisconsin! Thanks.
 For the free market to thrive, we must keep the Internet free and innovative. That's why I'm supporting 
 Today on with slammed  
 FOX News: has a lot of positive momentum 
 ICYMI: Marco Discusses His Plan To Restore  with 
My plan to rebuild and modernize our military: 
I'll fight to keep the Internet free and innovative. Click here to learn how -; 
 Look what came in the mail today   
My plan to rebuild and modernize our military: 
 MarcoRubio16
Keep warm with our new sweatshirts! Show your support and shop now: 
 I'm looking forward to it!
 Thanks for all your help! Glad to have you on our team.
Are you following me on Snapchat? 
 Thanks for all your hard work! Looks like a lot of fun.
 Friday night lights w/ Gators in SC tailgating 4 our favorite Florida Gator 
I'll fight to keep the Internet free and innovative. Click here to learn how -; 
 Retweet to welcome Rep. to Team Marco! 
 Awesome! Thanks for stopping by.
My plan to rebuild and modernize our military: 
New items have been added in our online store! Click here and start shopping: 
When I'm president, Keystone will be approved, and President Obama's backwards energy policies will come to an end.
that this administration continues to prioritize the demands of radical environmentalists over America's energy security.
President Obama's rejection of the Keystone XL Pipeline is a huge mistake, and is the latest reminder...
Our team is adding next generation leaders from around the country. Excited to have Rep. joining us! 
WATCH: What makes America great.
I'll fight to keep the Internet free and innovative. Click here to learn how -; 
Enjoyed meeting a few NH voters on the trail this afternoon! 
 Marco greeting voters today at the State House before filing for the NH Primary   
 Sen. Marco Rubio signs in at the State House Visitors' Center.   
 Rubio warns of Clinton 'sequel' to Obama's 'disastrous' foreign policy
 It's official! at NH State House just now  
 Yesterday, offered a clear vision for our nation on Watch here:  
  sits down with voters at the Airport Diner in Manchester, NH 
WATCH: A new era is upon us and it comes with challenges and opportunities.
  says, "I will be a defender of small business in this country." 
  would like to thank Senator for his support yesterday on position in regards to the WOTUS v…
 We're excited to add to our growing team! Welcome aboard, Jim. 
 Here is your must-see video for the day: appearance on Be sure to watch and share! 
 I'm with Marco Iron Cross!    
  "It would be good for this country to have a President that knows what it's like to owe money on student…
  "This campaign has to be about the future of America and about what kind of country we're going to be in…
WATCH: This reminds you how special America is.
 Marco Rubio goes in-studio with on at 7am Wednesday to discuss the 2016 presidential campaign. Tune i…
 Thank you! Enjoyed talking about important issues facing our nation.
Welcome to the team, Steve!  
 DEVELOPING... Another new U.S. Senator to endorse today. Watch on at 6pm!
 is the first candidate I've ever liked enough to donate to   
 Great day to collect signatures for in Virginia!   
Tune into tonight. 
WATCH: What makes America great.
  joined  yesterday ; he was up this morning to tell why, check it out:  
 Proud to support for a new generation of leadership.  
 Today I announced my support for my friend to be the next President of the United States. Watch here: 
  earns 1st Senate endorsement  
Welcome - glad to have you on our team! 
 Excited to get my shirt in the mail today. I love it!!   
After a great debate week, I'm happy to start this one off w/ introducing ; as our new Alabama chairs! 
 Thank you for your service to this great nation. Honored to have your vote.
 Join us in welcoming to  
 Glad you enjoyed it! Happy to have you on our team.
 Thanks for the encouragement, Conner. Glad to have your vote!
 Glad to have your support!
 My first vote ever is going to
Learn about my plan for a new American Century in just two minutes.
 Had a spirited convo with an undecided voter tonight. After about 20 minutes, they're totally on board with ☺️ 
Re-watch ; share my interview on this morning. Click here: 
Click here and VOTE for your favorite moment from the   -; 
In honor of  thank you to my  supporters and for your hard work! 
Click here and VOTE for your favorite moment from the   -; 
 Consensus of Cola SC on  - Marco = a     
 It was awesome meeting tonight! Thank you for sharing your vision for this country.  
WATCH: Highlights from the 
 “I’m supporting for President...” and here is how he is going to win via   
Click here and VOTE for your favorite moment from the   -; 
 Was great meeting you. Still holding out hope that it'll be the Dolphins, not the Pats!
China's new two-child policy is as indefensible and inhumane as a one child policy.  
Harry Reid ; liberal media shamelessly attack me but gave Senator Barack Obama a pass. Stand up to the hypocrisy: 
Rooting for my to make it 3 in a row tonight vs. Pats! Let's make sure to check game ball pressure before the game. 
 won the debate last night in every way. I'm off the fence. I'm with Marco
 Marco will be talking about his victory at last night's  with at 5 pm ET. Listen here: 
WATCH and ​sign if you agree we must stand against the liberal media. Click here: 
 Fall into campaign season!Show your support with some of our new fall gear.
  on CNBC's “young man in a hurry” comment: "...there's this lack of urgency about the future of America"htt…
The Democrats have the ultimate Super PAC. It’s called the mainstream media.
Thank you for all the support!  Last night was great, but it was just one of many debates. It's going to be a long fight ; we will win.
WATCH: Highlights from the 
Click here and tell us who you think won the 3rd GOP debate.-; 
Thanks for all of your support ; encouragement during tonight's debate. Please support my campaign by chipping in $5 
My mother's on Medicare and Social Security. I'm against anything that's bad for my mother.
The Democrats have the ultimate Super PAC. It’s called the mainstream media.
 CORRECTING earlier tweet: Tax Foundation says Rubio benefits lowest 10% proportionally more (55.9) than top 1% (27.9%). A…
  has a Tax Plan that is pro-growth and pro-family. Look at the details here! 
Our greatest days lie ahead if we are willing to do what it takes now.
 America's Best Days Are Ahead of Us:   
Watching the  your support for our campaign and shop our new fall gear now: 
Almost debate time!Keep up with our team here: 
Handing my Twitter account over to staff for the debate
ketchup 
I know what it feels like explaining to your wife why a woman named Sallie Mae is taking $ out of account evry mnth. 
Rudy 
Star wars. It has a political theme 
I fish salt water because I live in south florida. I lie about how big the fish I catch are 
Both great. MacArthur had added responsibility of rebuilding Japan... helped them become they are today 
I liked West Coast music in 90s but I can't listen to it with my kids. Now I think EDM is fun to listen to 
 if you agree! 
"to whom much has been given, much will be required" - Luke 12:48 
Max - great kids movie. Like all guys, I like Godfather 1 ; 2. Not so much 3. Also, Pulp Fiction ; Wedding Crashers. 
My wife buys most of my ties, primarily because I'm color blind. But thank you! 
Not really. I try to drink plenty of water. 
I think they'll beat the Pats tomorrow, but my track record isn't good - they've been my super bowl pick for 30 yrs 
I'm going to have a 21st Century administration, but great leadership is great leadership. Reagan ; Lincoln 
Stop Common Core right NOW!Click here to join me: 
Last night ahead of today's  I got an update on Cruz, Bush ; Carson: 
 I'm grateful for the prayers! Thank you, Kathy.
 Looks good to me! Thanks for all of your support, Andrew.
Halloween is almost here. Show us how you're supporting our campaign! 
31 Days Of Policy: CubaClick here to learn more: 
 Don't miss on with the tonight around 8:10pm ET.
Tomorrow is the 3rd GOP Debate!  if you're ready for a new American Century. 
 if you agree! 
  My pro-family, pro-growth tax reform plan for the 21st century  
Stop Common Core right NOW!Click here to join me: 
WATCH: 15 questions I won't be asked at tomorrow's debate
 Hey I'm ready! Flattered...
 thank you!
 thank you!
31 Days Of Policy: CubaClick here to learn more: 
 Look forward to meeting you!
 if you agree! 
Stop Common Core right NOW!Click here to join me: 
 I just published “Why I Support Marco Rubio.” 
WATCH: The week Hillary Clinton lied about Benghazi.
 BALL GAME!   
 18 consecutive completions by new franchise record!!  
 Worth reminding people it was that led the succesful fight to stop the taxpayer bailout of Obamacare: 
 The offense rattled off a total of 392 yards in the first half.  
 We're headed to the 4th quarter here at  
 Dolphins are the 1st team in NFL history with 4 offensive TD plays of at least 50 yards in a single half (1st). 
 I'm joining and his fight for a New American Century  
 Thanks for the support, Cameron.
 Happy to represent at the Downtown Derry Trick-or-treat parade!    
 Loving it!
America needs a president who will stand up for our conservative values.  if you agree!
 David, we've got plenty of pieces here! Hopefully this well help you see what I'm about. 
 thank you to all the volunteers especially the ones who signed up today Marco's Hometown For America 
 Looking forward to working another event today with my new volunteer friend!  
31 Days Of Policy: Helping America's Seniors Prosper. Click here to learn more: 
Was an honor meeting him! A true hero.  
 500+ in Columbia. rolling deep! 🌴🌙 
 Click here to learn about our sponsorship program:  
Thanks to Oscar C. from NJ for sponsoring my flight today. Back in SC for campaign events this weekend. 
 Psyched to see tonight in West Columbia, SC with 
 Proud to stand w as co-chair of his presidential campaign in Wisconsin!  if you're also on  
 Want to see what had to say about Hillary and the  hearing? Watch here: 
Around the country Americans are joining our Team as we work to create a New American Century. Happy to have on board. 
 So pumped to have back in SC today with in W Cola! Doors open at 4:30pm. RSVP for free @ 
 Great meeting you, Marc. Thanks for saying hi!
31 Days Of Policy: It's time to cut off sanctuary cities. Click here to join me: 
I'll be on tonight with to discuss today's Benghazi hearing ; failed record. Tune in at 10 pm et!
SIGN and stand with Trey Gowdy as he uncovers the truth about Hillary Clinton’s actions as Secretary of State.-; 
 Rubio’s Energy Plan Promises More Growth, Less Government 
31 Days Of Policy: Helping America's Seniors Prosper. Click here to learn more: 
Love the throwback! Thanks for sharing.  
Glad to have join our growing team! We're working to make the American Dream a reality for more people than ever. 
STORE UPDATE: We now have items for the youngest supporters!Shop our new baby gear: 
Whatever gets me where I need to go!  
 I proudly support for President.  He will deliver a positive, powerful message for conservatism in the 21s…
Stop Common Core right now!Click here to join me -; 
Abbas is trying to change status quo on Temple Mount. Why won't Obama speak out against this attack on Israel? 
 Awesome! Thanks for the support guys. I appreciate your hard work.
 Must-watch interview: talks about being a father, and gives a campaign update: 
In honor of  day...Yesterday is over and we're never going back.
31 Days Of Policy: It's time to cut off sanctuary cities. Click here to join me: 
 I’ve made my choice: Impressed w/his  country first, policy- and vision-based answers free of ego. Trust him…
 Are you receiving the  email from the team every morning? Make sure you get it, here: 
Thank you for the support! Let's get to work.  
 I look forward to meeting you! Thank you for the kind words.
Spend just two minutes today learning all about a new American Century.
Stop Common Core right now!Click here to join me -; 
 Raised by a teacher, I know Common Core has to be stopped! Thank you for fighting it, 
You have until Wednesday at midnight to enter our Colorado Debate Contest! Don't wait, enter now: 
 Thanks for making me feel so welcome! Was a lot of fun.
 Thanks for signing my shirt and being my hero today at the SLC rally! Like I said, "I know you'll win!" 
 Hope you get a good grade! Sounds like you deserve an A.
 for President! Thanks for your inspiring message today in SLC!    
 Watch on tonight at 9pm ET! 
Happy to have Senator leading our growing team in the great state of Arkansas. We're getting stronger everyday! 
Look forward to meeting you! Love the shirt. 
 Just found out that Governor List has been named a Co-Chair to National Steering Committee. A great additio…
 We applaud for introducing the Let Seniors Work Act, a proposal that would benefit seniors ; our nation. htt…
 Thank you for the work you're doing. I truly appreciate the prayers and support.
 Thank you for the kind words. Israel must always know that we stand with them 100%.
You have until Wednesday at midnight to enter our Colorado Debate Contest! Don't wait, enter now: 
Stop Common Core right now!Click here to join me -; 
The Obama Administration needs to stop blaming Israel for Palestinian terror.Click here if you agree: 
 I am excited to announce that Abby and I are officially joining  We can't wait to welcome to Utah t…
 I was already a big fan of for President, but I just found out that he also played football in college... Whe…
As we head out to Utah for today's big rally, I'm happy to announce the endorsement of UT's Lieutenant Governor! 
Awesome! Look forward to meeting you all.  
The Obama Administration needs to stop blaming Israel for Palestinian terror.Click here if you agree: 
The lean and mean campaignClick here for details from our latest fundraising report: 
Thank you!  
Enter our Colorado Debate Contest!Click here and you could be watching the next debate LIVE from the audience: 
 Awesome! Thanks for the support, Bobbi. Glad you had a good time!
The Obama Administration needs to stop blaming Israel for Palestinian terror.Click here if you agree: 
 MA out in force for    
 Meet the Army in NH today for     
America is unique to human history. Watch and  if you agree.
Enter our Colorado Debate Contest!Click here and you could be watching the next debate LIVE from the audience: 
 🇺🇸🇺🇸 
 "As president, I will approve the Keystone XL Pipeline." - today in Ohio 
Hey Iowa: Are you committed to caucus for Marco?  click here ; 
Donate $7 today and show Bill Clinton that he can’t destroy our campaign. Click here:  
 Today, is unveiling a detailed plan to turn America into the world’s undisputed energy superpower: 
 Gracias por su apoyo!
 Thank you for the kind words. I want every American to have the same opportunities that I've had. Let's make it happen!
 Happy Birthday Jenna! Save me a slice.
 I'm coming on Monday! Look forward to meeting you all. Be sure to sign up: 
 21,619 supporters donated for the 1st time to our campaign in last 3 mos - more stats here  
 Are you ready for Marc-o-toberfest? Join  in NH this weekend for our fall kickoff! Sign up here: 
The lean and mean campaignClick here for details from our latest fundraising report: 
 When u talked ab how ur parents worked hard 2 ensure ur bright future I teared up! TY 4 visiting Philly! h…
NEW in the store: Baby Gear!Click here ; shop for our youngest supporters: 
Was great meeting you! Thanks for saying hello.  
Enter our Colorado Debate Contest!Click here and you could be watching the next debate LIVE from the audience: 
 BREAKING  - another former Walker NH state chair - Chris Wolfe - joins Team  
There is no other nation like the United States. Watch and  if you agree.
 Thanks for the continued support, Taylor! We're going to do this together.
 Yassss. Just got an email that my bumper stickers have been sent. It's a good day.
Thanks! Enter here for a chance to join us at the next debate in Colorado:   
 Would love to meet you Devon. Glad to have your support!
 As an education major, I can't wait to see what has in store for this great country!  come…
 Happy early birthday to me! Can't wait to start reading it!  
 Carson, glad to have earned your vote! I appreciate the prayers and encouragement.
 Really appreciate the support, Gregg. Let's do this together.
Donate $7 today and show Bill Clinton that he can’t destroy our campaign. Click here:  
 Thank you for your service, Andy. Our nation is great because of men and women like you. I'm honored to have your vote.
 I like the sound of that. Let's get working to make it happen. 
 Hope you enjoy it! Let me know what you think.
NEW in the store: Baby Gear!Click here ; shop for our youngest supporters: 
America needs a president who will stand up for our conservative values.  if you agree!
31 Days Of Policy: Israel deserves our support and respect. 
 Thanks, Jason.
 Thanks for the support, Ali. Means a lot!
 Students for Rubio chapters are starting organically all around the country! They do great work. Follow them at
My prayers are with the people of Israel and the victims of the recent Palestinian terror attacks.
 Can't leave you out, Kyle! Hope you'll consider volunteering.     Thanks!
 Here's an interview I did outlining my response to the debate last night! 
 Thanks for the hard work! Let's do this together.
 Glad to have you guys on the team. Hopefully you like whatever you ordered!
Show Bill Clinton that he can’t destroy our campaign! Click here and donate today: 
Donate $7 today and show Bill Clinton that he can’t destroy our campaign. Click here:  
 Thank you for the support! Glad to have you on the team.
 Last night's  looked like a re-run from the 1980's. Watch response to it here: 
Don't let Russia take over the Middle East!Click here to join me:  
 Follow tonight's  and play our bingo game ; 
31 Days Of Policy: Helping workers in the new American CenturyLearn more: 
Play Democrat Debate Bingo!Click here -; 
 I look forward to being there!
What you'll see in tonight's Democratic presidential debate.-; 
Steve Spurrier is a college football legend. Best wishes to him in his retirement.   
Don't let Russia take over the Middle East!Click here to join me:  
31 Days Of Policy: Helping American Farmers ; Ranchers Prosper     
This is how we make our economy the most competitive economy in the world.
It's time to get tough on China in the new American Century. Click here if you agree: 
 Let's work hard and preserve that same opportunity for future generations!
WATCH: A place where anyone from anywhere can be anything.
 I appreciate all of the support. Your prayers mean so much to me!
 Welcome to the team! Glad to have you on board.
Don't let Russia take over the Middle East!Click here to join me:  
It's time to get tough on China in the new American Century. Click here if you agree: 
 Sen. joins our  campaign ; wants his children (; yours) to be better off than we are! 
 If it means getting a few more wins, I'm all for it! Hoping the Dolphins can turn things around.
 That is great to hear. I really appreciate the support!
 Thanks for having me! Was a lot of fun.
 Thanks so much for the support. I'm glad to have you on our team!
President Obama's attitude toward Israel is emboldening Israel's enemies. Read my new op-ed here: 
WATCH: America is unique to human history and we have to do our part to keep it that way.
 Tony, glad to have your support. Be sure to sign up here:  and connect with
 Thanks for all the hard work. You guys might need a bigger table!
 Looking forward to it! Thanks for the support.
 Love it. Good to know!
 Here is a link to my schedule. Hope to see you! 
Looking forward to it!  
WATCH: A behind-the-scenes look at life on the trail and at home in Miami. 
There is no other nation like the United States. Watch and  if you agree.
Day 7 of 31 ; We must fix the VA NOW!Click here for more 31 Days Of Policy: 
 I agree, it's pretty awesome. Add me! Marcorubio16
 Awesome! Thanks so much for the support. Glad to have you as a part of our team.
 I think Odell still has me beat on that one! Will gladly take the comparison though.
WATCH: A behind-the-scenes look at life on the trail and at home in Miami. 
President Obama's approach to Israel is dangerous.Watch this video and  if you agree.
 I appreciate that! Thanks for the kind words Marlee.
 Love it! Glad to have the support. Thanks.
Day 5 of 31 Days of Policy: We must stop one-sided concessions to Iran. Click here to learn more:  
 2016, New Hampshire style. 
 Rubio on being in the Senate: "I've been there long enough to know it's broken, but not long enough to fall in love wi…
 NOW - Just a few friends + voters out for in Bedford at great event with and 
 Username: marcorubio16    
 Marco Rubio wants to be the tech industry's savior 
 In New York, Rubio pitches the tech-economy ‘miracle’  | AP Photo 
 GOP 2016 candidate Marco Rubio warns of too much government meddling with Internet-based 'on-demand companies:' 
 Thanks, Chandler. Nice profile pic.
 continues to grow! Happy to have Missouri House Speaker- leading our efforts in MO.
WATCH: A behind-the-scenes look at life on the campaign trail and at home in Miami with 
 Marco stopped by the studio this morning for a fun interview! Be sure to watch and share. 
 Every bit makes a difference. Thank you so much for the support!
Day 5 of 31 Days of Policy: We must stop one-sided concessions to Iran. Click here to learn more:  
 Today's must-watch video! Check out behind the scenes coverage of Marco with his family and on the campaign trail: 
 Was a lot of fun!
 Agreed. Glad to have you on board!
 Awesome! Doesn't get much better than that.
 Tomorrow On TODAY: Presidential candidate Sen. live in Studio 1A 
 This is awesome. Glad to have you on our team!
 I appreciate the support, Stefan. Excited to be back in your beautiful state!
 Love it! Looks good.
 Glad to hear that, Justin. Hopefully you get a good grade on the project!
Praying for  crew lost at sea, and crews continuing their search today. Their families are in my thoughts
 Coming up next on talks to live from 
 That's throwing the football with his son. A look at Rubio like you haven't seen - tonigh ht…
 Team Marco continues to grow! We're happy to announce the endorsement of Former Nevada Governor Bob List. 
 Happy to have your endorsement! Welcome to the team.
  for life!
Please join me in praying for the many South Carolinians suffering after this weekend's flooding.
 Thanks for the support! Let's keep working together.
My tax plan: unapologetically pro-growth and pro-family. Click here to learn more: 
 Thanks for the support guys! I really appreciate it. Let's do this together!
My tax plan: unapologetically pro-growth and pro-family. Click here to learn more: 
 Thanks for the support Shane! Means a lot.
 That's a good look! Love it. Thanks for the support.
 Thanks for holding down the fort! I appreciate your hard work.
Praying for all those affected by the horrific violence in Oregon. Thankful for the heroic actions of first responders and law enforcement.
 Marco Rubio Steps Up Rhetorical Attacks on Vladimir Putin 
Happy to introduce our co-chairs in the Tarheel State- Rep ; Sen Our strong grassroots team is growing every day!
October is policy month! Click here for day one:  
Sign up for the Daily Kickoff - our new, daily email w/ the very latest from Click here now: 
 Thanks, Trevor. Excited to be back in your great state!
 Thanks for the kind words. I really appreciate your continued support.
  server scandal “is incompetence, it is malpractice, it's inexcusable.”  
 Thanks for the kind words. Had a good time discussing some very important issues.
 2 weeks ago at the  predicted that Russia would launch airstrikes in Syria. He joins me TONIGHT, 9p …
Thanks to for good discussion about what's at stake in 2016. You can learn more about my campaign at 
Thanks to for good discussion about what's at stake in 2016. You can learn more about my campaign at rub.io
  Me encanta esto!
I'm taking break before tonight's fundraising deadline to talk to at 4:30pm EDT. Listen ; then go to 
 Thanks for reading! I'm glad it's having a positive impact on you. Means a lot.
Excited to expand our team into The Gem State! Confident that Brandon Woolf- will do great things as our State Chair.
 Rubio "Guest Skimms" today: "I’m obsessed with football at every level." 
  predicted at the  what  will do in  2 weeks later, it is exactly what's happening. 
 Hearing TONS of good reaction to interview with today. Read it here: 
Sign up for the Daily Kickoff - our new, daily email w/ the very latest from Click here now: 
2 things for today: Listen to my interview on at 4:30pm EDT ; donate before tonight's big deadline at 
 Thanks for the support Tony. I really appreciate it.
 Glad to see how many people agree with me there! Thanks for the support guys.
 Thanks, Joel. I really appreciate the support.
 Well Tex Mex is always a good start. Hope to earn your vote in the coming months!
  Gracias por su apoyo!
 Thanks for the kind words, was a fun interview!
 Best way to do it.
 I really appreciate your continued support. Let's keep working together!
Donate now and help raise the flag for a new American Century.  Be one of 2,100 donors before September 30th.
 Love it! Save me a slice.
 Thanks for all your great work! I'm excited to come back and meet more Nevadans.
Sign up for the Daily Kickoff - our new, daily email w/ the very latest from Click here now: 
 Love it. Nice meeting you!
 Thanks for your continued support, I really appreciate it.
 Thanks so much for the support. Glad to have you on our team!
Excited to announce that Attorney General of the great state of Arizona- is our newest state chair. Welcome to the team!
America has more potential than any other country in the world.Watch and  if you agree.
 thank you for the support!
 Traveling to see today at the Villages with members of for  🇺🇸 
  Mississippi tabling at  Let's get in the White House! 
 Over 500 people so far here at the Villages waiting to see today!  
 Wow, the overflow room to see is already full here at the Villages in Florida!  
 There are probably close to 1,000 people who showed up to see Rubio in The Villages. Two overflow rooms filled. 
 Marco Rubio to Florida seniors: I'll strengthen the military (from 
 Rubio tells crowd in Florida he was told to wait his turn to run for president. "I didn't know there was a line," he s…
 Truly a beautiful place! Good times today.
Donate now and help raise the flag for a new American Century.  Be one of 2,100 donors before September 30th.
Watch, , donate and let's make this century a new American Century.Click here; 
 Thanks for your continued support! Means a lot.
Help us raise the flag for a new American Century.  Click here NOW -;
 Awesome! Thanks so much for the support, would love to see pictures.
  Thanks for the support Chris. How 'bout a follow instead?
 Can't wait to see you all! Thankful for the work you're doing.
 Thanks for the support Tyler. Always love talking about the important issues we're facing!
WATCH: This is why America isn't fulfilling its potential.
Donate now and help raise the flag for a new American Century.  Be one of 2,100 donors before September 30th.
Donate now and help raise the flag for a new American Century.  Click here -;
Great weekend! UF won and we gained endorsements from two of Utah's top conservative leaders; ; Speaker
 Glad to hear! Thanks for the support everyone.
 I am honored to have your support. Let's work together and preserve the American dream.
 Thanks for all the support. You guys are doing great work! Looks like a lot of fun
Order your Marco gear today ; get 10% off all items ; a FREE bumper sticker. Use coupon code "FRIDAY" at checkout. 
 No need to call Billy. Duly noted.
 Rubio proposes employer tax credit for paid family leave :
Join my fight to defund Planned Parenthood. Click here now!-;  
 Can't wait to see you guys! Looking forward to being back in the great state of Iowa.
 Thanks, Matt. Glad you were still willing to have a Gator on! Was great talking with you and hearing from Big Blue Nation.
 I'll always be a member of Gator Nation but I am honored to have the support of Big Blue! Had a lot of fun today
 Hey Manny. Thanks for the kind words. You can check out my website if you want more info: 
 I'd love to have your support! Had a lot of fun with this morning. Good times.
 That's great to hear! Would love for you to join our team.
 Thanks Jason! Was a lot of fun! I appreciate the support.
 Thanks for that Tommy! Had a lot of fun.
Proud to have the endorsement of Rep from the great state of Michigan. We're working every day for a New American Century!
WATCH: Two reasons we must reform our tax code.
 Thanks for the kind words Yoosung. I think you'd make a great addition to our team. Hope to earn your vote!
Join my fight to defund Planned Parenthood. Click here now!-;  
 Glad to have you on our team! Thanks for the support.
This is how Democrats are pulling America into the past
 Sen. Marco Rubio calls for a 'new American century' 
  joined earlier to discuss the Pope's visit, defunding Planned Parenthood ; more: 
Unlike my energy policies aren't stuck in the 1990s -- I support building the Keystone XL pipeline. 
It's my prayer that our Jewish friends find renewal as they observe this sacred time of reflection and atonement. 
 thank you. The whole team is working hard.
 thank you!
 Don't miss my exclusive interview with tonight on  on 
 Hope to earn your vote! I'm a Dolphins fan, but I still think we could make room for a Lion on
It was great to join last night to discuss the debt, the refugee crisis, the campaign and more: 
 Thanks, Austin. I'm glad to have your support. Let's take Iowa together!
WATCH: Our enemies will not dare test us.
Welcome to the team! 
Thanks for your support! 
Republicans are lucky to have Scott on our team, and I wish the best to him and his family.
He remains one of the best governors in the country and I have no doubt that he'll continue the fight for conservative principles.
I know many people are disappointed with Scott's announcement and I respect what a difficult decision it must have been.
 is a good man who entered the presidential race after winning three grueling campaigns in four years.
 Thanks for coming out! Glad to have your support.
 Thanks for welcoming me to your beautiful city. Having a great time meeting so many Georgians!
I hope  will remind all Cuban citizens that they possess dignity ; fundamental rights that come from God 
 I am so thankful to have earned your support! Let's do this together.
 Glad to have you on our team John! Sign up at  and you'll start getting updates on how to help! Thanks
 Your must-watch video this morning is interview with on 
 the bet is still on, but I hope you have a backup guest scheduled because Gators are going to thrash your Cats
 Thank you so much for the continued support! Let's work together to preserve and expand the American Dream. Have a great weekend!
 I may be a bit biased, but I would start for sure. The Dolphins should win again this week!
Harder to get - Tom Brady’s texts or Hillary Clinton’s emails? 
You decide the election and you should choose the winner of the debate! Click here and vote ; 
With your support, we'll be able to seize the momentum from this week's debate and translate that into victory 
 Marco will be on with at 9:10 ET! Be sure to tune in.
Another mark of excellence for Florida's flagship school The U of F! 
 Watch live at the  forum at 6:50pm ET here: 
Saluting the USAF on 68 years of keeping us strong, free and safe. 
 Proud to work every day to preserve the American dream. Thank you for all the support.
 Thanks for all of the support Eli. Let's work together and make it happen.
For the next 72 hours you'll receive a FREE bumper sticker w/ your order! Click here now: 
 Thanks, Taylor. Had a lot of fun! Looking forward to the next one.
 Thanks for the support! I hope to earn your vote in the coming months.
 I am glad to have his approval! Tell him I appreciate the kind words.
You decide the election and you should choose the winner of the debate! Click here and vote.
 Thanks for the support. Hopefully we'll have the whole Gators football team in the White House celebrating a championship!
 Awesome! Would be honored to have your support.
 I appreciate the kind words. Already looking forward to the next debate!
With your support, we'll be able to seize the momentum of last night's debate and translate that into victory 
 Thanks Tyler, was a lot of fun. Glad to have your support!
  Thanks, Caleb. I really appreciate that.
 Thanks for the kind words Rich. Had a lot of fun and I'm already looking forward to the next one!
 One of the best rivalries in the country! Glad to be a part of it. Thanks for the support, but I'm still with 
The Constitution is more than just a document: It is the heart of our great nation. Let us never cease to defend it. 
 Go Gators!
 Gracias por su apoyo!
Glad to hear that! Had a great time last night.  
 Gracias por su apoyo!
Thank you for the support!  
 Thanks Amos! Had a lot of fun last night. Check out our website:  or our TN page:
 Thank you! I want to make sure every American has the same opportunities that I did. Let's do this together.
 Honored to be in that kind of company. This is the greatest nation on Earth! We must always work to keep it that way.
 This is about all of us. Let's preserve and expand the American dream together, for ALL people. Thanks!
 Thanks for that! Glad to have your support.
 Thanks for those kind words. Would love to have you join our team!
If you think the American Dream is worth fighting for, chip in $10 to support our campaign: 
  stood out because he talked foreign policy with substance" -  
 - thanks for having me on today to talk  ; our campaign 
WATCH: Highlights from last night's  here now-; 
 If you think won tonight's  chip in $5 here (without leaving Twitter) ; 
Thanks for all of the support, kind words ; encouragement tonight!
IB Times: Marco Rubio Won GOP Debate?
Rubio Impressing GOP, Scaring Democrats So Far   
 Marco Rubio: We Cannot Allow Radical Jihadists To Have A Safe Haven 
 I think Rubio has gotten applause for everything he has said
 Marco Rubio hasn't had many openings in this debate, but he has seized them pretty well.
 Watch more Marco debate highlights here:
 Marco: My Grandfather Taught Me The American Dream In Spanish
 Watch hit his 2nd home run of the night: 
 Watch it again: Marco’s answer on Russian aggression.  
 Marco’s record on Russia. 
 Get excited: Re-watch highlights from the first  ; tune in to CNN in 15 minutes 
Handing my account over to staff for the  - follow along at 
 Here's how you can follow along with during tonight's  
Just wrapped up the walk through of the  stage here @ the Reagan Library - looking forward to this evening! 
Congrats to on his campaign kick-off this week, please support his campaign by visiting 
 What are plans for tonight's  Read this preview from our campaign manager: 
All Time Series:  32 wins,  23 
My  staffers vandalized my office door before I arrived thismorning with references to aberrations in  
Why we can’t tolerate President Obama’s  — and what we can do about It: 
 New today: with you can now support with a donation right from Twitter. Try it out: 
But we are still going to 
 fans relax. It was just college football trash talk on sports radio, not serious statement on
Just saw answer from Sunday night. She's exactly right. 
Harder to get - Tom Brady’s texts or Hillary Clinton’s emails?
Just in time for  kickoff, I answer some important questions while catching some footballs:  
Pres. Obama wants to give the fed govt more control over edu while pumping more money into a failed system. My plan:
CLICK here, CHIP in $5 and VOTE for your favorite Marco Unedited video. 
Our higher education system is outdated ; broken - read about my plans to fix it in today: 
  Let's overhaul higher education 
Shanah Tovah to all who begin their celebration of Rosh Hashanah tonight!
Thanks to everyone who came out to say hello before today's Cy-Hawk game! 
Great to see my friend during the Cy-Hawk tailgate! 
WATCH: 'I Didn't Come From Power Or Privilege'VOTE for your favorite Marco Unedited video: 
Thanks to the great crowd who joined us for our pre-game party in Ankeny tonight! 
I commend him for running an honorable, positive campaign, and wish the best to him and his family.
He served in the US Air Force and as governor of Texas with distinction, and I have no doubt that his service to our nation is not over.
 has dedicated his entire life to his family, friends, and Jesus Christ.
 Live in Vermont and want to help out with Marco's campaign? Sign up here: 
 Join for a meet and greet at this Friday at 5:15! Free food and fun, RSVP to Iow
WATCH: 'I Didn't Come From Power Or Privilege'VOTE for your favorite Marco Unedited video: 
The  threatens the security of the United States and the future of the world. We have to stop it 
Today my thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the terrible attacks 14 years ago. America will not, and must not, ever forget.
Here are the 10 things that should worry Americans the most about the  
Great time in SC sharing the stage w/ my buds Trey Gowdy ; See the pics here:  
WATCH: The Journey Continues
Iran can have a nuclear weapon able to reach the United States within ten years. We must stop them now! 
Ten Things That Every American Should Be Concerned About In The Iran Deal
WATCH: The Journey ContinuesClick here now -; 
 Relive "against the odds" 2010 campaign for Senate with our new mini-documentary: 
Iran struck two secret deals with the IAEA. Here’s why this is a problem:   
Ten Things That Every American Should Be Concerned About In The Iran Deal
As president I would reverse the Iran deal and increase sanctions on day one. Click here to join me.
Happy Birthday Thank you for your great work leading our Iowa team. Just 150 days to go! See you soon.
Earlier today, I stopped to honor sacrifice of those killed in July's attack ; pray for their families.  
 just added another strong conservative leader! will bring our message to the Commonwealth of VA as our new state chair.
Snapchat Stories: Announcing my energy plan in Oklahoma City.
This week in Nevada
 See what energy leaders had to say about energy plan in Oklahoma City yesterday: 
The path to an economically ; environmentally secure energy future is not through regulation, but through innovation
 just gained another solid leader- this time in OK. Confident that will do great things as our Oklahoma State Chair.
 Full video of speech outlining an energy agenda for a new American Century: 
The path to an economically ; environmentally secure energy future is not through regulation, but through innovation
The days of arbitrary, damaging rules like the Clean Power Plan and the so-called “Waters of the U.S. mandate” will come to an end.
Lifting the crude-oil export ban will be an immediate boon to our economy.  
America’s energy future must be entrusted to our businesses ; scientists, not bureaucrats.  
The fact that we have the greatest energy potential of any nation on the planet is an enormous advantage for us in this century.
Visited today ; offered prayers for the victims, their families, and those who responded so bravely. 
 "May God bless those who lost their lives here, and those who responded so bravely."  
  was on earlier discussing  Clinton's emails ; energy policy: 
When I'm President, we won't just reverse President Obama's dangerous Iran deal. We will increase sanctions on Iran.
With Erin Fale as our new state chair, I'm confident Hawaii will help make the 21st Century an American Century. 
 Watch this report of rally in Reno, Nevada last night ; see what attendees thought:  (2…
 Want to watch live in Reno tonight? Tune in at 9:45 pm et here: 
 Read this 60 second summary of latest campaign swing through South Carolina:  
In this new century, China presents both opportunities and challenges for our people. Click here for more.
We must stop China from undermining America. Click here if you agree.
Despite the challenges we face in regards to China, the opportunities are even greater.  
We can no longer afford to enable the growth of Chinese military power in pursuit of short-term economic gain.
I will end defense sequestration and restore the Pentagon’s budget to its appropriate level.  
 In the South China Sea, China has constructed artificial islands in an attempt to strengthen its position militarily. 
China is doing everything it can to make the 21st century a Chinese Century.  
In this new century, China presents both opportunities and challenges for our people.  
  on U.S. Policy toward China – LIVE shortly online here:  
Thanks to for opening early for us this morning! We'll be back 
Just posted on My plan to deal with China - read ; share 
In honor of the home opener on Saturday, here's a  with the great  
American refugees don’t show up on the shores of other countries bc America is the world’s greatest country. Agree? 
Your children ; your grandchildren will be the freest ; most prosperous Americans that have ever lived. Here’s how —&gt; 
95 years ago today the 19th Amendment gave American women the right to vote. Grateful for the tireless advocates who made it happen.
 "I believe the way forward is to embrace the future." -  
The US should do more to train ; support anti-Islamic State fighters in both Iraq ; Syria. Read more here.
Saddened by the deadly shooting in Virginia this morning. My thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of the victims.
We want more investment, so why would we tax it? More on my tax plan in this interview with  
American refugees don’t show up on the shores of other countries bc America is the world’s greatest country. Agree? 
Your children ; your grandchildren will be the freest ; most prosperous Americans that have ever lived. Here’s how —&gt; 
 It’s not too late to save Iraq and Syria, argues  
I know America is the world's greatest nation.
 New on by "It’s Not Too Late to Save Iraq and Syria" 
This week we remember those taken from us 25 years ago in the Gainesville killings. Our state and all of  will never forget them
As President, I’ll keep fighting to give vets more choices ; modernize the VA  
American refugees don’t show up on the shores of other countries bc America is the world’s greatest country. Agree? 
Your children ; your grandchildren will be the freest ; most prosperous Americans that have ever lived. Here’s how —&gt; 
Ukrainian Independence Day a reminder that we need to do more to help Ukraine fight Russian aggression.
Get your Team Marco throwback shirt just in time for football season! Click here: 
 can't lecture me on student loans. I've had student loans ; I have a plan to modernize higher ed: 
 Re-watch  speech here: 
 Visit  now to watch speak at 
If we elect a leader from yesterday, the best we can hope for are faster horses.
God bless these brave Americans. Their selfless actions make us proud. Praying for a speedy recovery for the wounded 
Yesterday I laid out my plan for A New American Economy. Click here now to watch the speech —&gt; 
While America’s economy is built on change, it is increasingly controlled by a fed govt that is resistant to change.  
If we embrace The New American Economy, the accomplishments of our people will astonish the world. 
We live in the most exciting era in human history, but if we look to yesterday, we will lose tomorrow.  
Let freedom ring! Phone cases are now in our online store. Get yours here ;  
 Thanks to the great crowd who came out to see in Livonia, Michigan this evening!  
Let freedom ring! Phone cases are now in our online store. Get yours here ;  
Let freedom ring! Phone cases are now in our online store. Get yours here -; 
 Read the full text of  speech on here  
 The non-partisan found plan would grow GDP by 15%, grow wages by 12.5%, and create almost 2.7 M…
“I will expose higher education to the market forces of choice and competition” —  
 "My tax plan will begin by cutting the corporate rate to be competitive with the average of 25 percent for developed nations…
“Today, Washington is leading our entire nation in the direction of pre-crisis Detroit.”  
 WATCH LIVE: Marco Rubio to outline tax cut plan at the Detroit Economic Club.  
Glad to have Josh Penry leading our team in Colorado. I look forward to bringing my vision of a New American Century there! 
Get our new Team Marco throwback t-shirts in time for football season! Click here now -;  
SIGN THIS PETITION to demand the TRUTH from Hillary Clinton.  
Let freedom ring! Phone cases are now in our online store. Get yours here ;  
Get our new Team Marco throwback t-shirts in time for football season! Click here now -;  
Get our new Team Marco throwback t-shirts in time for football season! Click here now -;  
The QB always gets the blame. 
This election is a generational choice about what kind of country we will be. Click here and join me today!
 Day One: Football, family and lots of fried food!
 Pouring down rain at  this morning, but great crowd showed up to hear speak at  
Our team is growing in Nevada! Glad to have support of former NLV Mayor Shari Buck. Join her ; commit to caucus: 
Thanks to everyone who came to  despite the pouring down rain this morning!   
 Marco Rubio is about to speak at political soapbox. Watch live here: 
This election is a generational choice about what kind of country we will be. Click here to watch and join me today!
Had a great time at the  tonight with Jeanette ; the kids - back tomorrow for the soapbox! 
We need to make affordable, quality healthcare accessible in the 21st century. Read my plan to fix health care: 
Here's the problem with Common Core...
Glad to have Bruce ; Rose Woodbury on our team in Nevada. Join them and commit to caucus in Nevada on my website: 
  joins me on radio now.listen: watch:  
Rank the trending news story that you think matters most. Click here-;   
Rank the trending news story that you think matters most. Click here-;   
 Watch speech at in NYC from earlier today  
Rank the trending news story that you think matters most. Click here-;   
I am proud to have Art Hackney as our Alaska state chair.  gained a strong conservative leader. 
I will do everything in my power to provide support to Cuba’s pro-democracy movement  
 "Iran will never be allowed to build a nuclear weapon if I become president — not now, not decades from now." - …
President Obama has rewarded the Castro regime for its repressive tactics and persistent, patient opposition to American interests.
 WATCH LIVE: Florida Sen. Marco Rubio delivers foreign policy speech in New York: 
"In Cuba, we face proudly anti-American leaders who continue to work with nations like Russia and China to spy on our people and government"
 Watch foreign policy remarks LIVE on here:  
“the best way to affect an outcome with volatile leaders is through strength ; example” —  
 "The Cubans have been very frank: Nothing is going to change in Cuba." - 
 to getting ready to head on stage for the  in Cleveland. Re-watch highlights:  
Team Marco just gained a great leader in Carlos Castillo. Proud to have him as our Nebraska State Chair! 
Actually, this deal guarantees that Iran will have a nuclear weapon in 15 years. 
Together, we can make America greater than it's ever been. Click here to join me ; 
 Listen to discuss the  disaster ; more with 
I just published “We need to modernize our antiquated, broken higher education system. Here’s how:” 
 email scandal proves that another Clinton presidency will bring more drama to The White House.
A new low for President Obama - democracy activists in Cuba deserve respect from the U.S., not this slap in the face 
Together, we can make America greater than it's ever been. Click here to join me ; 
Hillary Clinton’s higher education plan is Obamacare for college.Click here ; sign if you agree!
 "Rubio's Higher-Ed Plan Beats Clinton's"  via
We're bringing a new American Century to the Evergreen state! Glad to introduce Dan Brady as our Washington State chair. 
Watch this video and sign this petition if you know that a human life won’t become a donkey or a cat:
6 years ago, the only people who thought I could win lived in my home.  
 Did you see on earlier? Watch the conversation here: 
 👋 Happy Monday. Marco will be live on FOX News' FOX ; Friends at 8:30am ET this morning. Tune in. 📺
If I'm our nominee, our party will be the party of the future. Click here ; join me today: 
 Watch the interview on everyone's talking about this morning 
Quick reminder: I'll be on this morning. Please tune in. 
 thank you for your support!
 thank you!
Please tune into tomorrow morning to watch my interview with 
Snapchat Stories: Redstate Gathering and Meet The Press.
Lots of new Twitter followers since the debate. Would you please also follow the campaign team at
 This is Reaganesque. Marco Rubio: Life begins at conception 
 Watch highlights of from last night's  and post-debate reactions: 
 See why says is "such a dangerous opponent for Hillary Clinton" 
 The first debate is over. Tune into for the post-debate interview with 
 "They can't say it will be human life? What would it become then? Could it become a cat?" - 
 Marco talks about Trump, abortion, Iran and taxes with Must watch on tomorrow! 
 I saw people in audience tearing up as Marco concluded this speech at RedState. Really. 
 Many pundits say won last night's  - He also offered the most spending cuts per year, $68B. 
We have been blessed beyond measure by the heroic sacrifices of our military. Let us never forget the cost of freedom. 
Have you voted for your favorite moment from the debate?Click here now: 
The first thing we need to do is even out the tax code for small businesses. Click here: 
Relive some of the best moments from last night's Fox News Debate.Click here and watch now!
We can expand the American Dream to reach more people and change more lives than ever before!  
Click here and vote for your favorite moment from last night's debate.
 If we're going to make this an American Century, we've got to empower small businesses. Thanks for your question at the 
Relive some of the best moments from last night's Fox News Debate.Click here and watch now!
Snapchat Stories: Part 4 from Ohio
Snapchat Stories: Part 3 from Ohio
Snapchat Stories: Part 2 from Ohio
Snapchat Stories: Part 1 from Ohio
 Watch on 
 thank you!
 thank you.
 thank you!
 great choices. Thank you for the support.
If I'm the nominee, how will Hillary Clinton lecture me about living paycheck to paycheck? 
 Marco will be live on FOX at 8:00am ET, and live on CNN at 8:20am ET.
 Rubio wins the main event 
 Watch all of Marco's answers here ; 
  takes a stand on abortion during the   
  touts his  position at the  Here was his incredible address to the NRL Convention: 
  shares his opinion on Common Core in  
  at the  
 WATCH: Rubio: God blessed the GOP with candidates; Dems can't even find one    
 Marco nailed it on abortion. We must protect life.  
 WashPost: Marco Rubio and Carly Fiorina win the Republican debate
 Thank you for highlighting the critical issues facing veterans at tonight's  
If I'm our nominee, we'll be the party of the future. 
This election better be about the future, not the past. 
About to take the stage for  - handing my account over to staff. Follow along at 
 Watch the  live on ; follow along with Team Marco at 
Best wishes to Jon Stewart after a great run. I always enjoyed our visits. Here's  to 2012 
  “I have a debt to this country I’ll never repay… It literally changed the history of my family.” 
  “I want this to continue to be a country where people can do for their children what my parents did for me.” …
  on  “I like to answer questions. I think people deserve it.” 
 Watch: previews tomorrow's debate with  
 Check out our new debate war-room:  Will have latest video, fact-checks, commentary during debate.
 Follow for debate analysis from top Rubio state leaders.
 Pre-Game Ritual: asks Siri "What questions will ask Marco Rubio at the debate?" 
Snapchat Stories: yesterday in Ohio, part 2 
Snapchat Stories: yesterday in Ohio, part 1 
 Be sure to follow MarcoRubio16 on 
 Just did the pre-debate mic check. Marco is ready. 
 Doing the walk through with   
 Rubio for President policy director finally joined twitter. Follow him ; get more details about Marco's agenda du…
  just joined to discuss the campaign ; the first   
 will be live with Megyn Kelly tonight at 9:10 ET. Be sure to tune in! 
Glad to have as our Ohio state chair. He is committed to making the American dream a reality for all people. 
 Our campaign's photographer has taken over to bring you behind the scenes of  
I intend to restore American leadership to a world badly in need of it ; defend our interests in the 21st Century: 
 "Religious liberty is not just being able to believe what you want. It’s about being able to live out that faith." - …
Snapchat Stories: behind the scenes at yesterday's  forum 
WATCH: We must embrace affordable energy in the new American Century! Click here -; 
 Check out Snapchat story (marcorubio16) for a behind the scenes look at 
"This nation is at a pivotal moment...we need to decide what kind of country we will be in the 21st Century." 
With the help of the state of Montana will make the 21st century an American century. Glad to have him as our new state chair.
WATCH: We must embrace affordable energy in the new American Century! Click here -; 
Planned Parenthood should never receive another dime from American taxpayers.Click here if you agree!
 Check out our team's new video and ask your 'What if' question using the tag:  
Planned Parenthood should never receive another dime from American taxpayers. Here's why:  via
 Watch: tells Obama's new carbon rule will hurt millions of Americans 
Trending this week -; Which story matters most to you? 
Trending this week -; Which story matters most to you? 
We must continue to pray for  ;  and their families, as well as those who will continue the search for them [2/2]
 to for searching for  ;  and working around the clock searching for these young men [1/2]
After Clinton's failed 'reset' with Putin, now she wants to do a 'reset' with Castro. She is making another mistake. 
All life is worthy of protection because all life comes from God.Click here if you agree ;
 Got any roster spots open? I used to be quite the defensive back..   
Saving  for another 50 years is an urgent challenge that will require bold leadership 
Another day, another senior defense official undercutting Obama's false choice between his flawed  or war: 
  joined  on last night to talk  and more. Watch:  
Proud to have help build our vision as the new state chair in the Land of 10,000 lakes. Welcome to the team! 
 Watch go On the Record with discussing Cuba,  ; more:  
I want to hear from you! Click here and take my July survey.
Look at all this outrage over a dead lion, but where is all the outrage over the planned parenthood dead babies.
We don't need more of the same outdated policies from yesterday. Click here if you agree!
We must give Iran a choice: change your behavior, or face the collapse of your economy due to U.S. pressure.
 Read ; share latest post on about the bad  ; what the next president should do 
The price for President Obama’s penchant for negotiating from weakness is now clear. What we should do next  
We're working to ensure that the Garick twins inherit the greatest society in human history:  
Excited to have leading our campaign in CT. We're building a team focused on tomorrow, not yesterday! 
 I'm excited to announce that the official Team Marco Facebook page is up and running! Go like it at 
 We don't need a new idea. The idea is called America, and it still works.
 reports: "Officials: Iran may take own samples at alleged nuclear site"  -; 
  "When America fails to lead, chaos ensues"  
  talking with supporters after a foreign policy forum hosted by 
Yesterday I was hosted in Greenville at Really enjoyed meeting future brewmaster Otis (the smallest guy) 
 Watch discuss foreign policy live now: 
 Follow MarcoRubio16 on for behind-the-scene video from this evening's rally in South Carolina 
Got a minute?
 A great day on the trail - brought his positive message to huge crowds in the Palmetto State  
 Some young fans got a chance to meet today during a rally in Greenville  
 Nothing washes down a visit from our next President like a beer from - fresh brewed in SC!  
Click here to watch and join me today!
 Great turnout in Greenville to see - thanks to for hosting!  
We don't need more of the same. Click here if you agree!
 great question. Thank you for the support.
 Sen. becomes the 1st candidate to officially file to be on the ballot during the republican primary 
 It's official becomes first candidate to file (Rep on hand to notarize) 
 It's official!  is on!  
 A formidable trio:  
 Plenty of press out to see the next President of the United States.  
 Signed. Sealed. Delivered. officially begins his journey to carry the Palmetto State.  
Excited to be back in SC today! Join me on the trail, click here for details  -;  
 Join at 1:30 in Columbia HQ for the first candidate filing in the Palmetto State 
 What's that sound? It's Columbia getting ready to welcome back to SC - 1:30 EST at GOP HQ  
I'm not just "ticked off about the Iran deal." When I'm President, I'll reverse it. Read more here ; 
 thank you!
 Thank you.
 Columbia and Greenville.  We won't make it down to Charleston this time.
 Here are my thoughts on Planned Parenthood 
I agree.  More here ; 
I hope to see all my friends on the road tomorrow.
I'm heading back to South Carolina tomorrow where I'll be the first candidate to file for the First-In-The-South Primary.
As President, I would reimpose sanctions on Iran on day one. Click here to watch and join me today ; 
ObamaCare has revealed the painful consequences of big government.That's why I signed Obamacare repeal pledge
As President, I would reimpose sanctions on Iran on day one. Click here to watch and join me today ; 
 just got even stronger! Former US Ambassador Skip Vallee is our new VT state chair. I know he'll do great things. 
As President, I would reimpose sanctions on Iran on day one. Click here to watch and join me today ; 
Have you entered our Cleveland debate contest?What are you waiting for? Click here now ;  
Resurrecting the Ex-Im Bank would be a missed opportunity to move America toward 21st century policies. Click here:
I'll continue to fight against the one-sided concessions with Iran. Click here to join me!
 Watch discuss  with on  
I’m proud to announce that Maine’s House GOP Leader and taxpayer champion is joining  as our state chair. 
Have you entered our Cleveland debate contest?What are you waiting for? Click here now ;  
We must keep our military strong. WATCH this video and SIGN here if you agree ; 
It’s time for Congress to act and defund Planned Parenthood now.SIGN THIS PETITION if you agree.
It's time to end diplomatic relations with Cuba NOW. Click here if you agree!
Thanks for the ride in NYC last night. 
The bottom line is the President wanted this deal more than Iran did. Join me in saying NO to this dangerous deal.
Have you entered our Cleveland debate contest?What are you waiting for? Click here now ;  
The bottom line is the President wanted this deal more than Iran did. Join me in saying NO to this dangerous deal 
I am proud to announce that is helping create an American Century in Rhode Island as our new state chair. 
Join me in saying NO to President Obama's dangerous Iran deal!Click here; 
It's time to end diplomatic relations with Cuba NOW. Click here if you agree!
The Iran deal is nothing but an exhibit for the president to put in his presidential library.
"Rubio ups pressure on Dems over Iran deal" -via
Dodd-Frank has crippled community banks ; increased the cost of lending for too many Americans.  if you agree!
Anyone know a good theatre in Manchester or Des Moines to catch  Trailer looks amazing.
Hey clear two hours on my schedule on Aug 14. Gotta see 
It’s time for Congress to act and defund Planned Parenthood now.SIGN THIS PETITION if you agree.
Yesterday's policies won't work for 21st Century ideas. Click here if you agree: 
It's time to leave yesterday's foreign policy behind. Click here if you agree.
No more one-sided concessions to Iran! Click here if you agree:  
WATCH: Highlights from the town hall in Exeter, NH; 
More good news from our fundraising report!Click here to find out: 
ICYMI: Watch my full interview from this morning:
 Rubio: Clinton's criticisms of Uber, sharing economy show someone 'trapped in the past'  
No more one-sided concessions to Iran! Click here if you agree:  
WATCH: Highlights from the town hall in Exeter, NH; 
More good news from our fundraising report!Click here to find out: 
America’s POWs deserve much better than to have their service questioned by the offensive rantings of Donald Trump
Join me in standing up for life. Click here ;  
Stand with me and stand for LIFE.
Join me in saying NO to President Obama's dangerous Iran deal. Sign the petition ; 
No more one-sided concessions to Iran! Click here if you agree:  
WATCH: Highlights from the town hall in Exeter, NH; 
It's  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
More good news from our fundraising report!Click here to find out: 
 Batteries all charged, voters all fired up in Iowa today for another great day of campaigning for the American Dream. ¡Dale!
Great crowd in Council Bluffs, IA earlier today! 
Join me in standing up for life. Click here ;  
Stand with me and stand for life! Click here: 
Join me in saying NO to President Obama's dangerous Iran deal. Sign the petition ; 
 ICYMI: believes that the US should dictate US Foreign Policy, not Russia or China ;  
One year ago today 298 innocents were killed aboard  in horrific manner bc of a war started by Vladimir Putin.
 Follow along Friday as swings through western Iowa: Council Bluffs, Sioux City ; Fort Dodge 
 Tune in to  Sunday. will be on with   
 I'll translate from what said today at  "Marco get it going man, get that ene…
 Rubio wants more weapons going to Jordan in the fight against ISIS:  
 Check it out! Video of Marco's townhall with ;  
I am profoundly disappointed that the agreement w/ Iran didn't ensure the unconditional release of US citizens. 
 Marco Rubio starts July with more money in the bank ($9.86m) and a lower burn rate than the other GOP campaigns, according …
 UPDATE: Marco Rubio raises $12.9 million 
 NEW: Rubio's campaign has the most primary cash on hand of any Republican--but less than HRC and Sanders. 
 The Lean Mean Marco Money Machine: Starting July with $9.8 Million Cash on Hand  …
 This Sunday on  goes one-on-one with in an exclusive interview 
Terrible attack in Chattanooga today. Please join me in praying for victims, their families, and
Join me in standing up for life. Click here ;  
Join me in saying NO to President Obama's dangerous Iran deal. Sign the petition ; 
I can't be bought but I can help usher in A New American Century if you back me.   
 I will give Iran a choice: change your behavior, or face the collapse of your economy due to U.S. pressure.
Join me in saying NO to President Obama's dangerous Iran deal. Sign the petition ; 
I will give Iran a choice: change your behavior, or face the collapse of your economy due to U.S. pressure. (2/2)
President Obama says critics to his Iran deal have no plan about how to handle the threat differently. That's not true. (1/2)
 Become an Official Member of Team Marco and you'll get free merchandise ; exclusive updates  
 Watch discuss Iran deal on earlier this hour:  
 "Some Iowa Dems admitted Rubio’s 21st-century lingo makes them nervous...." Must read by 
 Must-read Rubio column about Iran deal: 
 Rubio to hold Senate hearing on Haiti 
 Just announced: returns to Iowa this Friday ; Saturday, and NH on Monday ; Tuesday.  
 Rubio: Clinton Not Ready for the Challenge of Iran 
 Marco will be on FOX News' America's Newsroom today at 9:15am ET to discuss Iran. Tune in.
Prime Minister Netanyahu is right. The world is a more dangerous place than it was yesterday.
Sign the petition and say NO to President Obama's Iran deal!  
Congratulations to ; the team on the success of 
Read my full statement on President Obama's dangerous Iran deal here ; 
It will be left to the next President to return us to a position of American strength and re-impose sanctions on this despicable regime.
...not an agreement with lasting support from the United States. (2/2)
Failure by the President to obtain congressional support will tell the Iranians and the world that this is Barack Obama’s deal... (1/2)
I expect that a significant majority in Congress will share my skepticism of this agreement and vote it down.
This regime holds Americans hostage and has consistently violated every agreement it ever signed.
Pres Obama has consistently negotiated from a position of weakness, giving concessions to a regime that has American blood on its hands.
Based on what we know thus far, I believe that this Iran deal undermines our national security.
 Rubio on Iran: I believe that this deal undermines our national security...Obama has consistently negotiated from a posit…
This happened because of YOU! 
 Latest Count Has Marco Rubio Near Top of G.O.P. Fund-Raisers (via  
 Marco Rubio reports raising $12 million 
 Rubio campaign reports $12 million haul: 
 Thanks to all of our supporters for helping us raise $12 million and exceed our first major fundraising goal!
Keep up with me on the campaign trail. Click here for a recap of my 3 day swing through Iowa 
This is how the future can be embraced with enthusiasm and vision;  
Take a look at my 3-day campaign swing through Iowa! 
 'The future is now': is Marco Rubio the Republican answer to Obama? 
 Phenominal event for hosted by stellar NV leaders 
 Incredible turn out for the meet-and-greet today. We're ready for a   
 Rubio focuses on Cuban immigrant upbringing in Las Vegas appearances. 
 It’s standing room only for here in Henderson, Nevada at Sun City. 500 chairs and people standing along the wa…
 If you're not on already, download the app now and friend MarcoRubio16. 
 Read pro-life speech at this morning: 
Do you agree?Click here ;  
Keep up with me on the campaign trail. Click here for a recap of my 3 day swing through Iowa 
This is how to build the most innovation-friendly economy in the world -;  
2 million American jobs will be left unfilled in the next decade. We can do better:  
This is how the future can be embraced with enthusiasm and vision;  
Take a look at my 3-day campaign swing through Iowa! 
Grateful for the opportunity to speak with the Sun City Anthem Republican Club in Henderson, Nevada this morning! 
This is how to build the most innovation-friendly economy in the world -;  
Do you agree?Click here ;  
It was great speaking to attendees in Las Vegas last night about a  
Keep up with me on the campaign trail. Click here for a recap of my 3 day swing through Iowa 
This is how to build the most innovation-friendly economy in the world -;  
We need a new president for a new age.Click here if you agree:  
2 million American jobs will be left unfilled in the next decade. We can do better:  
The race for the future will never be won by hopping in Hillary Clinton’s time machine:  
This is how the future can be embraced with enthusiasm and vision;  
We need a new president for a new age. Agree? Click here:  
Take a look at my 3-day campaign swing through Iowa! 
 Today's story features a guest appearance by - make sure you're following MarcoRubio16!
This is how to build the most innovation-friendly economy in the world -;  
Do you agree?Click here ;  
This is how to build the most innovation-friendly economy in the world -;  
We need a new president for a new age.Click here if you agree:  
2 million American jobs will be left unfilled in the next decade. We can do better:  
The race for the future will never be won by hopping in Hillary Clinton’s time machine:  
Read my 21st Century Jobs Plan:  
This is why I will oppose an ambassador to Cuba ;  
 "I strongly oppose any effort to attach a reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank to a highway bill" - 
We need a new president for a new age. Agree? Click here:  
 Listen to on Michael Medved at 3:15 pm ET here: 
This is how to build the most innovation-friendly economy in the world -;  
I've been very active on Snapchat this week. Add me with username marcorubio16
 Long line to get pics with in Wilton,   
 If you're not following story on today, you're missing out. Snap username: marcorubio16
 Marco Rubio held a presidential campaign event in Urbandale on Wednesday  
 In Iowa, shared his solutions to nat'l debt, terrorism ; business regulations  via
 Standing room at 7:30am for in Davenport, Iowa! 
Click here to read the full text of my speech on 21st century job creation:  
 Good morning from Davenport, Iowa! is kicking the day off at the Scott County GOP HQ 
We need a new president for a new age.Click here if you agree:  
 is young leader shaping IA. Tonight he joins our IA team to share our vision of  350+ in Wilton for announce
We must secure freedom and democracy for Cuba FIRST.Click here if you agree: 
The race for the future will never be won by hopping in Hillary Clinton’s time machine:  
Read my 21st Century Jobs Plan:  
This is why I will oppose an ambassador to Cuba ;  
We need a new president for a new age. Agree? Click here:  
Thanks to Jovi at Hyvee for the great sandwiches! 
Click here to read the full text of my speech on 21st century job creation:  
 made a quick stop at the in Grinnell, Iowa ; got to meet with some voters 
 A standing room only crowd came to the Machine Shed in Urbandale, Iowa to hear earlier this morning 
This is why I will oppose an ambassador to Cuba ;  
Thanks to everyone who came out to tonight! (my selfie skills need some improvement...) 
We must secure freedom and democracy for Cuba FIRST.Click here if you agree: 
 Check out this awesome crowd gathered in Des Moines to hear  
Read my 21st Century Jobs Plan:  
This is why I will oppose an ambassador to Cuba ;  
 Read innovation speech in Chicago this morning: 
 Rubio on US economy: 'The old ways no longer work' (from 
 Marco Rubio outlines plans for 'innovative economy,' saying 'The old ways no longer work', reports. 
Click here to read the full text of my speech on 21st century job creation:  
  speaking live now. Watch here:  
This is why I will oppose an ambassador to Cuba ;  
Two hours left to shop our 4th of July sale!Click here now:  
We must secure freedom and democracy for Cuba FIRST.Click here if you agree: 
Our 4th of July Sale is EXTENDED until MIDNIGHT! Click here and shop:  
This is why I will oppose an ambassador to Cuba ;  
 is the candidate we need to replace Sen. Reid. Looking forward to supporting him in the  race
My goal is a free Cuba. Lifting the embargo with no meaningful reforms will only strengthen Castro regime
For the record, I'm proud that the Castro regime feels threatened by us. They fear freedom and democracy.
NYT follows up traffic tix ; "luxury speedboat" stories with expose of Castro regime's propaganda on me. 
Congratulations to US Women's Soccer team on their third  title!   🇺🇸🇺🇸
 A special moment. and lifting the World Cup trophy together!  
 FINAL: USA 5, Japan 2.  the  are World Cup Champions!! 
 One Nation. One Team. 3 Stars.  
 Happy Independence Day! Great AM @ LexCo Peach Fest.!   
 Contenders piece with on tonight's show.       
Enjoying a wonderful day in New Hampshire. I hope you're having a great 4th! 
Happy Independence Day! Click here to read my full 4th of July message;  
Click here to learn why it's time to walk away from the Iran deal;  
It's time to walk away from the Iran deal. Click here if you agree:   
"Bettencourt, Galluzzo: Why We're Endorsing Marco Rubio for President" via  
Click here to learn why it's time to walk away from the Iran deal;  
It's time to walk away from the Iran deal. Click here if you agree:   
"Bettencourt, Galluzzo: Why We're Endorsing Marco Rubio for President" via  
Click here to learn why it's time to walk away from the Iran deal;  
We did it! Thank you for helping us beat our goal and making freedom ring across America. 
Only 1 hour left. I still need your help to reach my goal by midnight.Every little bit helps, click here: 
Only 2 hours left to donate! I'm still short of my goal ; need your help RIGHT NOW -; 
What happens when you donate?Click here to find out -; 
Have you donated yet? Click here to help us reach our goal by midnight TONIGHT.;  
My friend works every day to make America safer ; more secure. Kick in $5 to send her back to the Senate 
WATCH: We're less than 12 hrs away from our fundraising deadline. Click here ; donate now ;  
 appreciate it Matt, but I don't want to jinx our luck. Last year was close enough!
 great meeting you too but the pic would have turned out better ifyou'd done the Gator chomp!
I agree with "Let’s liberate Cuban citizens, not enrich Castro brothers." 
Glad to have you with us,
"Rubio can win, not just in Iowa" via Thanks for your support ; 
This campaign is about fighting for the American Dream for EVERYBODY. Click here ; donate:  
Excited to have former Congressman leading our efforts for  Join us at 
Click here, donate and let's make freedom ring across America! 
Shop our 4th of July Sale! Use the coupon code: INDEPENDENCEClick here:  
This campaign is about fighting for the American Dream for EVERYBODY. Click here ; donate:  
Click here, donate and let's make freedom ring across America! 
Get all your Marco gear during our 4th of July Sale!Click here and start shopping:  
Shop our 4th of July Sale! Use the coupon code: INDEPENDENCEClick here:  
This campaign is about fighting for the American Dream for EVERYBODY. Click here ; donate:  
This campaign is about fighting for the American Dream for EVERYBODY. Click here ; donate:  
Click here, donate and let's make freedom ring across America! 
Get all your Marco gear during our 4th of July Sale!Click here and start shopping:  
In the years ahead, it is my hope that each side will respect the dignity of the other.
...and a large number of Americans will be pleased with the Court’s decision today.
A large number of Americans will continue to believe in traditional marriage....
...and millions of Americans whose faiths hold a traditional view of marriage.
The next president and all in public office must strive to protect the First Amendment rights of religious institutions...
While I disagree with this decision, we live in a republic and must abide by the law.
This decision short-circuits the political process that has been underway on the state level for years.
That is the right of our people, not the right of the unelected judges or justices of the Supreme Court.
People who disagree with the traditional definition of marriage have the right to change their state laws.
...and should be between one man and one woman.
I believe that marriage, as the key to strong family life, is the most important institution in our society...
Click here and  if you agree:  
Shop our 4th of July Sale! Use the coupon code: INDEPENDENCEClick here:  
Do you agree? Click here now ;  
Had a great day in New Hampshire. Great discussion at the  in Manchester this evening.  
Do you agree? Click here now ;  
Get all your Marco gear during our 4th of July Sale!Click here and start shopping:  
 Standing room only at Town Hall event in Salem, NH earlier. Lots of great questions!  
Click here and  if you agree:  
Shop our limited-edition 'Hero' Line!Click here now:  
We need Consumer Care, not ObamaCare.
...with my consumer-centered plan that puts patients and families back in control of their health care decisions.
I remain committed to repealing this bad law and replacing it...
Despite the Court’s decision, ObamaCare is still a bad law that is having a negative impact on our country and on millions of Americans.
...and Congress in forcing ObamaCare on the American people.
I disagree with the Court’s ruling and believe they have once again erred in trying to correct the mistakes made by President Obama...
 Starting off our day in New Hampshire with a veterans town hall meeting hosted by in Exeter.  
Do you agree? Click here now ;  
Do you agree? Click here now ;  
Are you ready for a New American Century?Click here to join our team today ; 
Shop our limited-edition 'Hero' Line!Click here now:  
Shop our limited-edition 'Hero' Line!Hurry before they're all gone.
 I did read TPP. 
Here's the truth about TPP and my vote for TPA. 
Do you agree? Click here now ;  
 Watch our latest video starring Rick Harrison of as seen on  
Do you agree? Click here now ;  
Are you ready for a New American Century?Click here to join our team today ; 
Get your limited-edition 'Hero' shirt!Click here now!
Shop our limited-edition 'Hero' Line!Click here now:  
Are you ready for a New American Century?Click here to join our team today ; 
Get your limited-edition t-shirt before they're all gone!Click here now:  
Join me in making America SAFER and STRONGER in the New American Century. Click here:  
Get your limited-edition t-shirt before they're all gone!Click here now:  
Remembering my father today - he worked hard to provide so many opportunities for me - taught me about American Dream 
Announced earlier Lincoln Day Dinner: ; will co-chair our Florida team! 
Get your limited-edition t-shirt before they're all gone!Click here now:  
Get your limited-edition t-shirt before they're all gone!Click here now:  
We are 2 months into this campaign ; off to a strong start!Relive some of the highlights:  
Click here to learn how I'll empower young workers in the New American Century-;  
Get your limited-edition t-shirt before they're all gone!Click here now:  
FLASH SALE! Today ONLY. Get your limited-edition t-shirt now!
We are 2 months into this campaign ; off to a strong start!Relive some of the highlights:  
Click here to learn how I'll empower young workers in the New American Century-;  
Join me in making America SAFER and STRONGER in the New American Century. Click here:  
Get your Marco Polo: As Seen On TVClick here:  
Click here if you agree.; 
We are 2 months into this campaign ; off to a strong start!Relive some of the highlights:  
Click here to learn how I'll empower young workers in the New American Century-;  
Join me in making America SAFER and STRONGER in the New American Century. Click here:  
Show your support on the road and order an official bumper sticker today! Click here ; 
Saddened by the news from Charleston. The victims and their families are in my prayers today.
A must-watch video. Click here now ;  
We can't let our enemies return to the battlefield.Click here if you agree:  
Get your Marco Polo: As Seen On TVClick here:  
Yesterday is over. Click here to learn about my innovative education reforms to empower America's young workers.
Click here if you agree.; 
Yesterday is STILL over! Click here if you agree and join me today:  
Excited to have Chris heading up our efforts in the Keystone State. 
Join me in making America SAFER and STRONGER in the New American Century. Click here:  
Show your support on the road and order an official bumper sticker today! Click here ; 
A must-watch video. Click here now ;  
We can't let our enemies return to the battlefield.Click here if you agree:  
Get your Marco Polo: As Seen On TVClick here:  
Click here if you agree.; 
Proud to have and on board  Join us at  
Yesterday is STILL over! Click here if you agree and join me today:  
  is the first Presidential candidate to sign the 2016 Death Tax Repeal Pledge:  
Show your support on the road and order an official bumper sticker today! Click here ; 
A must-watch video. Click here now ;  
Click here if you agree:
We just launched our campaign store - featuring the official Marco Polo!Get yours today ;  
Yesterday is STILL over! Click here if you agree and join me today:  
Click here to watch and join me today!
My friend is a passionate advocate for what he believes, and I welcome him to the race. 
In politics, people throw around the word ‘friend’ so much it often has little real meaning. When I call my friend, I mean it.
Shop our campaign store! Everything is proudly made in the USA and shipping is FREE. Click here now: 
We just launched our campaign store - featuring the official Marco Polo!Get yours today ;  
Have you gotten an official Marco Polo yet?Click here now:  
Bad policies have made it harder than ever for people to achieve the American Dream. Click here if you agree:  
We just launched our campaign store - featuring the official Marco Polo!Get yours today ;  
Shop our campaign store! Everything is proudly made in the USA and shipping is FREE. Click here now: 
We need leaders who will embrace the opportunities of a new American century.  Click here:  
Yesterday is still over!  Support our campaign ; 
We just launched our campaign store - featuring the official Marco Polo!Get yours today ;  
Do you agree? Click here now. 
Have you gotten an official Marco Polo yet?Click here now:  
Bad policies have made it harder than ever for people to achieve the American Dream. Click here if you agree:  
We just launched our campaign store - featuring the official Marco Polo!Get yours today ;  
Have you picked up a Marco Polo yet? If not, click here ; 
We need leaders who will embrace the opportunities of a new American century.  Click here:  
We just launched our campaign store - featuring the official Marco Polo!Get yours today ;  
It’s time for our policies to reflect the changing world we live in. 
 Click here now and get your Marco Polo —&gt; 
 Who is ready to buy a Marco Polo?
 MARCO....
  getting day 2 of  started with some 6 AM flag football 
Bad policies have made it harder than ever for people to achieve the American Dream. Click here if you agree:  
We need leaders who will embrace the opportunities of a new American century.  Click here:  
 Watch Jon Stewart mock the NYT attacks on us fight back, click here:  
 Watch what Jon Stewart says about the NYT attacks on    ;  
Bad policies have made it harder than ever for people to achieve the American Dream. Click here if you agree:  
Click here to learn why ;  
Bad policies have made it harder than ever for people to achieve the American Dream. Click here if you agree:  
DEMAND decisive action against  before it's too late!
Click here to learn why ;  
 Have you subscribed to our channel yet?
 Click here to let the liberal media know you won't be swayed by their attacks on  
We want to hear from you! Take our June survey today;  
It’s time for our policies to reflect the changing world we live in. 
Please follow my campaign team -
read the statement from my campaign on this morning's attack from the New York Times 
Bad policies have made it harder than ever for people to achieve the American Dream. Click here if you agree:  
Click here to learn why ;  
We want to hear from you! Take our June survey today;  
We must confront it now. Click here if you agree ;  
We want to hear from you! Take our June survey today;  
Check out the Campaign 2016 Snapchat story. I made a couple appearances.
Had a blast at first annual  in Boone today!  
Today I'm remembering ; thankful for the courage ; commitment of the Americans on the beaches of Normandy. 
We must confront it now. Click here if you agree ;  
 Behind the scenes during Marco's interview with Fox News' 
Looking forward to Saturday event in IA with newest team member Our team is always growing, join us 
Are you ready for A New American Century?Click here now:  
We must confront it now. Click here if you agree ;  
 grew up from blue collar roots ; found the American Dream. Perfect ex. of the opportunity we must create for all Americans
As his work at Capitol ends, work on my  team begins. Thrilled to announce will lead our effort in 4th District.
Do you agree? Click here:  
Click here to watch ; 
Thanks ; for having me on today! 
Click here if you agree.;  
Read why the President should sign this bill protecting girls.Click here:  
Are you ready for A New American Century?Click here now:  
  is  on live now - tune in! 
Read why the President should sign this bill protecting girls ;  
 DVR ALE! will be on Outnumbered on Fox News TODAY at noon. Don't miss out! 
Too many questions about safety and security remain. Click here and  if you agree:  
Are you read for A New American Century?Click here now:  
Do you agree? Click here:  
Too many questions about safety and security remain. Click here if you agree ;  
Read why the President should sign this bill protecting girls.Click here:  
Are you ready for A New American Century?Click here now:  
Click here if you agree.;  
Read why the President should sign this bill protecting girls ;  
Click here to watch ; 
Too many questions about safety and security remain. Click here and  if you agree:  
 thank you!
Do you agree? Click here:  
Too many questions about safety and security remain. Click here if you agree ;  
Read why the President should sign this bill protecting girls.Click here:  
Click here if you agree.;  
Too many questions about safety and security remain. Click here and  if you agree:  
Too many questions about safety and security remain. Click here if you agree ;  
The VA has a rotten core. Click here if you agree;  
Click here, watch this video and join our digital grassroots network today ;  
We just took a major step toward ending modern day slavery.Click here ;  
Watch highlights from my visit to South Carolina and click here to help grow our SC team ;  
Watch this awesome supporter video and join our digital grassroots network today ;  
The VA has a rotten core. Click here if you agree;  
Click here, watch this video and join our digital grassroots network today ;  
We just took a major step toward ending modern day slavery.Click here ;  
Watch highlights from my visit to South Carolina and click here to help grow our SC team ;  
Do you agree? Click here ;  
PLEASE : This is what you need to tell your friends about Hillary Clinton:  
Great house party with lots of energy ; excitement for our campaign in Reno!  
Met with tech innovators earlier in the day in Las Vegas for a roundtable discussion. Thanks ; 
Watch this awesome supporter video and join our digital grassroots network today ;  
The VA has a rotten core. Click here if you agree;  
PLEASE : This is what you need to tell your friends about Hillary Clinton:  
Click here, watch this video and join our digital grassroots network today ;  
 Marco just wrapped up a Q;A session with grassroots GOP leaders in Las Vegas - growing  
We just took a major step toward ending modern day slavery.Click here ;  
PLEASE : This is what you need to tell your friends about Hillary Clinton:  
Watch highlights from my visit to South Carolina and click here to help grow our SC team ;  
PLEASE : This is what you need to tell your friends about Hillary Clinton:  
WATCH this video and let me know if you agree... 
Landed in Las Vegas. First stop? Head to to see Rick! 
Watch this awesome supporter video and join our digital grassroots network today ;  
Click here if you agree ; Our armed forces shouldn't have a fair fight...
PLEASE : This is what you need to tell your friends about Hillary Clinton:  
We just took a major step toward ending modern day slavery.Click here ;  
 Happy Birthday!!
PLEASE : This is what you need to tell your friends about Hillary Clinton:  
 Thanks Governor! See you at Roast ; Ride next weekend.
 Apparently and I share a birthday today...not sure what that means, but happy birthday to us!! 
I'm sorry I can't thank each of you individually right now. Thank you for all the nice notes.
 Thank you and Happy Birthday
 thank you!
 thank you!
 Happy Birthday everyone!
 thank you!
 thank you!
 thank you! you too.
 thank you!
 thank you!
 thank you!
 thank you!
Thank you for all the kind birthday wishes!
Don't let near it. I hear he eats Bday cake every single day. 
 Ohio is ready to put in the White House! 
     RUBIO 2016! 
 A better future for my little man!   
    
 thank you! Can't wait to get back to the Palmetto State.
 Proudly displaying my sticker on my car 
 happy birthday!
Click here if you agree ; Our soldiers shouldn't have a fair fight... 
Click here if you agree ; Our soldiers shouldn't have a fair fight...
PLEASE : This is what you need to tell your friends about Hillary Clinton:  
WATCH this video and let me know if you agree... 
Do you agree?  Let me know. 
Click here if you agree ; Our soldiers shouldn't have a fair fight... 
PLEASE : This is what you need to tell your friends about Hillary Clinton:  
Do you agree?  Let me know:   
PLEASE : This is what you need to tell your friends about Hillary Clinton:  
I just published “When Hillary Clinton Campaigns In South Carolina Today…” 
 Proud to stand with   
I can't wait to see them. 
Click here if you agree ; Our soldiers shouldn't have a fair fight... 
 that's great. Thanks for spreading the word.
 love the video. Keep them coming.
 looks great!
 thank you for your support!
 thank you for the support!
 I shall wear this as a badge of honor.  
 Collage this!   
 Thanks for the shirt I'm proud to be a  for  
Click here if you agree ; Our soldiers shouldn't have a fair fight...
WATCH this video and let me know if you agree... 
 Proud to endorse America needs him in the White House! Join  today!  
Do you agree?  Let me know. 
Click here if you agree ; Our soldiers shouldn't have a fair fight... 
Do you agree?  Let me know:   
Remember w/ great admiration ; pride,all those who have served our country ; who we have lost  
Today is when we put aside partisanship and politics...  
Memorial Day has always been a time of unity for our nation... 
Have a fun and safe Memorial Day weekend and remember, you can do so because… 
Spend just 71 seconds learning why we must stop Iran. Click here —&gt;  
Have a fun and safe Memorial Day weekend and remember, you can do so because… 
Win a trip to Las Vegas to help celebrate my birthday! Click here to enter today ; 
This is why Hillary Clinton's vision is just the lazy politics of yesterday. Read the reasons:  
Why does Rick Harrison from support my campaign for president?WATCH to find out ; 
Have a fun and safe Memorial Day weekend and remember, you can do so because… 
One lucky supporter will win a trip to Las Vegas! Will it be you?Click here to enter:  
This is why Hillary Clinton's vision is just the lazy politics of yesterday. Read the reasons:  
Have a fun and safe Memorial Day weekend and remember, you can do so because… 
Spend just 71 seconds learning why we must stop Iran. Click here —&gt;  
Have a fun and safe Memorial Day weekend and remember, you can do so because… 
Win a trip to Las Vegas to help celebrate my birthday! Click here to enter today ; 
This is why Hillary Clinton's vision is just the lazy politics of yesterday. Read the reasons:  
Why does Rick Harrison from support my campaign for president?WATCH to find out ; 
Have a fun and safe Memorial Day weekend and remember, you can do so because… 
One lucky supporter will win a trip to Las Vegas! Will it be you?Click here to enter:  
This is why Hillary Clinton's vision is just the lazy politics of yesterday. Read the reasons:  
Have a fun and safe Memorial Day weekend and remember, you can do so because… 
Wish I could be at  in person - thanks for all you do  
Spend just 71 seconds learning why we must stop Iran. Click here —&gt;  
Win a trip to Las Vegas to help celebrate my birthday! Click here to enter today ; 
 8 followers and a  away from these T-Shirts!   
 Another great article on in the New York Times today. Check it out 
  for   
 Some of you should have received your Day One Supporter gear by now. Send us some pics. Here's one... 
 On this  can our  allies help us crack  ? Sending up the 
This is why Hillary Clinton's vision is just lazy politics of yesterday. Read the reasons ;  
Why does Rick Harrison from support my campaign for president?WATCH to find out ; 
Spend just 71 seconds learning why we must stop Iran. Click here —&gt;  
Here are the three best ways to build American Strength.  Click here now to watch ;  
 has served us as a leader with a vision - now America needs him in the White House. 
 has served us as a leader with a vision - now America needs him in the White House.
Win a trip to Las Vegas to help celebrate my birthday! Click here to enter today ; 
 Honored and proud to once again stand with as he shares his message with our beloved nation! ht…
Here are the three best ways to build American Strength.  Click here now to watch ;   
Spend just 71 seconds learning why we must stop Iran. Click here —&gt;  
Here are the three best ways to build American Strength.  Click here now to watch ;  
Two reasons America can't have President Hillary Clinton. Click here  ;  
 We just posted some new fun stuff on Snapchat. Please add us: marcorubio16
Win a trip to Las Vegas to help celebrate my birthday! Click here to enter today ; 
Here are the three best ways to build American Strength.  Click here now to watch ;   
Click here now to watch The Rubio Doctrine; 
Here are the three best ways to build American Strength.  Click here now to watch ;  
Congratulations on your victory Jacksonville will benefit from your leadership.
Two reasons America can't have President Hillary Clinton. Click here  ;  
 thanks for your support and welcome to the team!
 Honored and excited to be the first state chair in the nation to personally endorse for President. 
 We have some really cool things happening on Snapchat. Check us out: marcorubio16 
Here are the best three ways to build American Strength.  Click here now to watch ;   
Click here to see where liberals have gotten us:  
Here are two reasons America can't have President Hillary Clinton. Click here  ;  
Glad to hear Sen. Regina Birdsell of Hampstead and conservative leader Gordon MacDonald have joined  - welcome! 
 Proud to support A friend and a great leader.  Exactly what the USA needs.   
We cannot afford another 8 years of a soap opera in the White House. Click here if you agree:  
 finale - a reminder 20th Century was great, but it's over ; it isn't coming back. It's time for New American Century. 
Join me in keeping our country safe in the New American Century. Click here now:  
Click here to see how America should lead in the New American Century:   
Too many leaders are trapped in the past and yesterday's policies aren't working.Click here if you agree:  
Join me in keeping our country safe in the New American Century! 
NH:  Let’s help elect in the  special election on Tuesday.   
Join me in remembering all of the men ; women of law enforcement who've died in the line of duty to keep us safe. 
We cannot afford another 8 years of a soap opera in the White House. Click here if you agree:   
 A round of applause for  👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Join me in keeping our country safe in the New American Century. Click here now:  
Read my outline for 21st Century American leadership: 
Click here to see how America should lead in the New American Century:   
 my  was when Bob Griese lit up the Cardinals on Thanksgiving 
Join me in keeping our country safe in the New American Century! 
Glad the House passed  yesterday. The Senate should take up this bill without delay 
We cannot afford another 8 years of a soap opera in the White House. Click here if you agree:   
 Hey we'll see you at Convention tomorrow! 
 Hillary Clinton 'dangerously negligent' during State tenure: 
 Watch interview on the  'This Country Can't Afford Another 8 Years of a Soap Opera' 
 Marco Rubio Casts U.S., and Himself, as Strong Leader  via
Today I released my foreign policy doctrine.Please click here now and watch the speech ; 
Read about my plan for Europe in the New American CenturyClick here to join me today: 
And because we will, the 21st century will be another American Century
And I believe America will continue to advance the cause of peace and freedom in our time.
I believe mankind remains afflicted, and that its destiny remains in our hands.
I believe America still has that genius.
Only American leadership will bring safety and enduring peace.
Protecting our people and their interests  ,  is the highest honor, the greatest burden, and the most profound privilege
But increasingly in recent years, I’ve also met people frustrated by the direction of American leadership.
I have seen American freedom and security play out in the lives of my parents, my children… and myself.
It will reestablish a foreign policy based on strategy and principle rather than politics and polls.
This approach will restore American leadership to a world badly in need of it.
Those are the 3 pillars of my doctrine - American Strength, the protection of our global economy ; proud advocacy for America’s core values
In this century, we must restore America’s willingness to think big — to state boldly what we stand for and why it is right.
America is the first power in history motivated by a desire to expand freedom rather than its own territory.
We must recognize that our nation is a global leader not just because it has superior arms, but because it has superior aims.
The third pillar of my doctrine is moral clarity regarding America’s core values.
In this century, businesses must have the freedom to operate around the world with confidence.
I will use American power to oppose any violations of international waters, airspace, cyberspace, or outer space.
Millions of the best jobs in this century will depend on international trade.
Now, in the 21st century, you can access global markets in a single second, with a tap on your smartphone.
The second pillar of my doctrine is the protection of the American economy in a globalized world.
So to restore American Strength, my first priority will be to adequately fund our military.
This is an idea that stems from a simple truth: the world is at its safest when America is at its strongest.
The first is American Strength.
My foreign policy doctrine consists of three pillars.
Today, I intend to offer such a doctrine. And in the coming years, I intend to be such a president.
One who will set forth a doctrine for the exercise of American influence in the world.
The 21st century requires a president who will answer that question with clarity and consistency.
What principles should govern the exercise of our power?
The question before us is not “should we lead?” but rather “how should we lead?”
We cannot bring about peace and stability on our own, but the world cannot do it without us.
The stakes of tomorrow are too high to look to the failed leadership of yesterday.
… a leader from yesterday whose tenure as Secretary of State was ineffective at best and dangerously negligent at worst.
We simply cannot afford to elect as our next president one of the leading agents of this administration’s foreign policy…
It is up to our next president to properly fund and modernize our military.
It is up to our next president to right the wrongs done by our current one.
I believe the onus of maintaining American Strength lies where the buck stops.
When we fail to lead with strength and principle, no other country, friend or foe, is willing or able to take our place.
We’ve seen peaceful protestors met with violence from their governments.
We’ve seen cyber-attacks against our allies and our own people.
We’ve seen North Korea expand its nuclear arsenal and continue its brutal human rights violations.
We’ve seen China rapidly expand its military capabilities and take aggressive action in the South and East China Seas.
We’ve seen hundreds of thousands of Syrians slaughtered at the whim of a tyrant.
We’ve seen ISIL sweep across multiple states, commit brutal atrocities, and attempt to establish a caliphate.
This deterioration of our physical and ideological strength has led to a world far more dangerous than when President Obama entered office.
President Obama has embraced regimes that systematically oppose every principle our nation has long championed.
He criticized America for having “arrogance” and the audacity to “dictate our terms” to other nations.
President Obama demonstrated a disregard for our moral purpose that at times flirted with disdain.
He enacted hundreds of billions in defense cuts that left our Army on track to be at pre-World War II levels…
Today, as never before, foreign policy is domestic policy.
Turmoil across the world can impact American families almost as much as turmoil across town.
The prosperity of our people now depends on their ability to interact freely and safely in the international marketplace.
In recent decades, technology has demolished barriers of travel and trade, transforming our national economy into a global one.
Since the end of the Cold War, the threats facing America have changed, but the need for American Strength has not.
And that weakness, on the other hand, is the friend of danger and the enemy of peace.
American Strength is a means of preventing war, not promoting it.
… eventually bringing about the conclusion of the Cold War and the emergence of America as the world’s only superpower.
The commitment to American Strength JFK spoke of lived on long after him — across decades, across both parties…
Watch my speech at the Council on Foreign Relations LIVE. Click here now: 
Today's speech ; I just published “The Rubio Doctrine” 
Click here and help spread my message to voters all across America!  
 Thank you!!
Please visit  at 3:30 pm EST to learn more. (11 of 11)
The third is moral clarity regarding America’s core values. (10 of 11)
The second is the protection of the American economy in a globalized world. (9 of 11)
The first is American Strength. (8 of 11)
My foreign policy doctrine consists of three pillars: (7 of 11)
Today, I intend to offer such a doctrine. And in the coming years, I intend to be such a president. (6 of 11)
…that has marked the bipartisan tradition of presidential leadership from Truman to Kennedy to Reagan. (5 of 11)
We need a president who will adhere to that doctrine with the principled devotion… (4 of 11)
We need a president who will set forth a doctrine for the exercise of American influence in the world. (3 of 11)
The 21st century requires a president who will answer that question with clarity and consistency. (2 of 11)
What principles should govern the exercise of our power? (1 of 11)
Help spread my message to voters all across America! Click here now:  
 Rubio Promoting A Strong Military A Part Of Foreign Policy 
 Presidential candidate Rubio vows to use U.S. power to guard economic interests 
 Marco Rubio to Unveil Foreign Policy 'Doctrine' in Speech 
 Marco Rubio to unveil his foreign policy doctrine 
 Please keep the passengers and all emergency personnel in your thoughts as we continue to respond to the train derailme…
Now's NOT the time to end programs that keep us safe!Click here if you agree:  
I just published “My Vision For Europe” 
Yesterday’s policies aren’t working. It’s time for A New American Century. Click here:  
I just published “This Is Where Liberals Have Gotten Us” 
Click here and help spread my message to voters all across America!  
Help spread my message to voters all across America! Click here now:  
Click here to read my plan for Europe in the New American Century:  
WATCH: The 21st century can be the greatest era in American history
Please add me on Snapchat. 
Now's NOT the time to end the NSA.Click here if you agree:  
Yesterday’s policies aren’t working. It’s time for A New American Century. Click here:  
I just published “We Can’t Turn To The Leaders Of Yesterday” 
Click here and help spread my message to voters all across America!  
Congratulations and the entire Palmetto State for landing Volvo's first American plant. It's a great day in South Carolina.
I just published “We Must Stop the American Dream From Slipping Away” 
Click here to read my plan for Europe in the New American Century:  
Watch ; share my speech from yesterday's  Tweet your reaction to 
Wishing a happy Mother's Day to all mothers, especially my mom, Oria, and my wife, Jeanette. 
Stopped by  after  
 Looks like Rep. ; I are partnering again. This time for  
Thanks to ; for inviting me to speak @  today! Great to be in SC 
Snapping from SC. Please add me on Snapchat, username marcorubio16 
 South Carolina for Marco! 
 Looking forward to more visits today with  
 looking forward to seeing you again.
 thank you. I'm excited to be back in South Carolina.
 Excited to welcome in the great state of South Carolina! 
 I was just told that will be speaking at the SC Freedom Summit around 1:45. Watch it on TV or online at 
  
Click here to read about my vision for Europe in the New American Century: 
 thank you!
 you too!
In the Palmetto State today. Smiling faces, beautiful places. 
Fewer Americans are working than at any time since Jimmy Carter. It's time for A New American Century. Click here: 
We have a lot of supporters who have launched unofficial Facebook and Twitter accounts. Connect with them here.
The VA has failed our veterans. Click here to demand better treatment of our vets!
Check out this new video from my first campaign trip to NH ; help fund our early state efforts:  
What does "New American Century" really mean? Click here and let me tell you:  
Click here to see where old-school liberalism has gotten us:  
The central challenge of our time: To stop the American Dream from slipping away. Click here to join me: 
Connect with our supporters who have launched unofficial Facebook and Twitter accounts. 
We must stop the American Dream from slipping away. Click here to join me:  
 "Rubio has issued the most detailed economic agenda to aid the middle class," according to 
We will not accept a deal that allows a nuclear Iran! Click here if you agree ; 
Demand better treatment of our veterans! Click here now: 
We have a lot of supporters who have launched unofficial Facebook and Twitter accounts. Connect with them here.
We must stand with our ally Israel and stop a nuclear Iran! 
What does "New American Century" really mean? Click here and let me tell you:  
On this  join me in thanking God for our many blessings and asking Him to continue to protect ; bless us all.
We must stop the American Dream from slipping away. Click here to join me:  
Click here to stand with Israel and stop a nuclear Iran!
The central challenge of our time: To stop the American Dream from slipping away. Click here to join me: 
Check out this new video from my first campaign trip to NH ; help fund our early state efforts:  
Connect with our supporters who have launched unofficial Facebook and Twitter accounts. 
We will not accept a deal that allows a nuclear Iran! Click here if you agree ; 
We have a lot of supporters who have launched unofficial Facebook and Twitter accounts. Connect with them here.
We must stand with our ally Israel and stop a nuclear Iran! 
 thank you!
What does "New American Century" really mean? Click here and let me tell you:  
 Join and stand strong against Iran! 
We must keep the American Dream from slipping away. Click here to join me:  
I lived in Vegas for a few years growing up, and still have great memories. This is a state I want to win. So, no pressure
Click here to stand with Israel and stop a nuclear Iran!
Like me, coached his sons' football teams. Glad that he'll also be coaching our Nevada team. Join us at 
Very proud to announce that is going to chair our campaign in Nevada. We are competing to win in all early states.
 We've listed our unofficial supporter pages here. Scroll to the bottom of the page.
Connect with our supporters who have launched unofficial Facebook and Twitter accounts. 
We will not accept a deal that allows a nuclear Iran! Click here if you agree ; 
Click here to stand with Israel and stop a nuclear Iran!  
We have a lot of supporters who have launched unofficial Facebook and Twitter accounts. Connect with them here.
We must stand with our ally Israel and stop a nuclear Iran! 
What does "New American Century" really mean? Click here and let me tell you:  
Click here to stand with Israel and stop a nuclear Iran!
Watch me discuss my most important jobs with CBN News' David Brody. 
 Want to become a volunteer? Sign up on our new volunteer page.  
 On reddit? Some of our supporters have started an subreddit. Subscribe ; give them upvotes: 
Click here to stand with Israel and stop a nuclear Iran! 
From the Miami Dolphins to Iran, I answered a wide variety of questions at the  See the top 5: 
We must stand with our ally Israel and stop a nuclear Iran!Click here if you agree: 
Our first state chair is in Iowa. Join us at  
30 minutes left to enter the FREE t-shirt drawing!Don't miss out: 
 played football in college, is leader in state legislature, and a big fan of Perfect fit to be our Iowa campaign chair.
LAST CHANCE! T-shirt drawing ends at 2pm EST, click here to enter now:  
NFL draft is over, but we’re still building our  team. Proud to have leading our Iowa campaign. 
Good luck tonight  
Click here to see the top 5 questions I answered at today's  
Enter the drawing to win a FREE t-shirt! 10 lucky supporters will win. Click here now: 
 Welcome to Miami, Jordan Phillips!   
  
 Welcome to Miami, DeVante Parker!! 
 We have some new states so a big  to 
 Had so much fun promoting and last night at the Silver Elephant Dinner! 
 Pumped ready to roll at silver elephant!   
Enter the drawing to win a FREE t-shirt! 10 lucky supporters will win. Click here now:  
Click here to see the top 5 questions I answered at today's  
 PLEASE : Marco Rubio Makes Generational Case for His Presidential Bid 
Enter to win a 'New American Century' t-shirt! 10 names will be drawn on Monday. Click here:  
 
 We compiled a list of best jokes from April. Vote for your favorite here:  
 Rubio approves Dolphins pick DeVante Parker in the first round of the NFL draft. “I wanted him or Todd Gurley of Georg…
Thank you for pushing our message. 
Thank you! 
 Happy  seniors! Want to know more about plan to make college more attainable? 
 thank you!
 Excited to welcome Senator back to Georgia for the  State Convention -&gt;   
 We will be livetweeting addressing the  tomorrow at 8:45 am - follow us for commentary 
 thank you!
I'm excited to see all these new state  handles popping up. Thank you! Please be sure to follow
Have you joined our digital army yet? Click here now:  
Help us reach our goal by midnight tonight. Click here to donate ; get a free t-shirt! 
 to meeting in Manila last year. Wishing him the best of luck this weekend!   
I'm looking forward to speaking w/ at the  tomorrow! 
Have you joined our digital army yet? Click here now:  
My Tax Pledge: To oppose ; veto ANY ; ALL efforts to increase taxes. Click here to join me: 
   nuclear deal: Obama's desperation is showing. And it's dangerous 
 Help us get 250 follows or  by 5/1 and we'll order these bumper stickers for CO followers! 
My Tax Pledge: To oppose ; veto ANY ; ALL efforts to increase taxes. Click here to join me:  
Congrats to Dennis Green and on big special election win yesterday. Great GOP teamwork and victory for  taxpayers! 
Will you stand up and do the hard work it takes for a New American Century? Click here ;  
FLASH SALE! Click here to donate and get a limited edition t-shirt. Don't delay! 
My Tax Pledge: To oppose ; veto ANY ; ALL efforts to increase taxes. Click here to join me:  
Dennis Green's special election in Hampstead ; Kingston is today - don't forget to vote!  cc: 
Get official 'Team Marco' graphics to use on your Twitter profile. Click here to get started:  
Will you stand up and do the hard work it takes for a New American Century? Click here ;  
Students deserve to know how much a degree will help them earn BEFORE taking out a  My plan: 
Students deserve to know how much a degree will help them earn BEFORE taking out a student loan. My plan: 
Watch my speech from last night's  here ; let me know what you think: 
The victims of  are in my prayers today.
Thanks to for inviting me to speak at  in Waukee this evening! 
Thanks to ; Rachel for hosting a great event at their home in Ankeny this afternoon! Such a great crowd! 
I also joined from for an interview this morning. We'll share it with you when it airs. 
Met w/ the Ed Board of this a.m. More photos from my first campaign trip to Iowa throughout the day! 
 it's  Americans have earned $4.8 trillion this year – the exact amount of taxes we will owe for 2015. 
 1. Sign up for  Get your official profile graphics.3. Update your profile!4. Enjoy your Friday
 in 'honor' of  learn about plan to fix our tax system:  
 Watch highlight reel from announcement day.  GO MARCO!
Our veterans deserve better from the VA. Add you name ; join me if you agree:  
Our veterans deserve better from the VA. Add you name ; join me if you agree:  
On  we see the way our current tax system clouds our American Dreams. 
What was it like to be in Miami last week for the big announcement? Watch here:  
We asked our supporters to help us with our latest video. Watch it here: 
 What was it like to be in Miami for announcement? Watch our new video here: 
 We need your help. Please join Marco's Digital Army right now at  Sign up and get all your supporter …
 Today we are launching our drive to build Marco's Digital Army. We need you to use your social connections to spread Marco's…
Interested in joining our team? It's one of the most Googled questions I answer in this video: 
Q. Is Marco Rubio a conservative?A. Yes!Watch the full video for more answers to top Googled questions: 
Before any  we should first require the release of  ; other Americans unjustly detained in Iran  
Interested in joining our team? It's one of the most Googled questions I answer in this video:  
one of the top searches about me last week was about my faith - watch my answer here:  
When America fails to lead, global chaos follows. Sign the petition ; join me in fighting to keep our military strong 
Releasing  ; other Americans unjustly detained in Iran should be a pre-condition of any  
 What were last week's top Google searches about Marco answers them here:  
Last week, millions of Americans turned to in search of information about me. Here are my answers: 
Answers coming up. MT: Today, entered the race for president. Here are the top questions 
 Meet Fr. Dan from Virginia - the lucky winner of our Meet in Miami Contest.  
A nuclear Iran is an unacceptable risk.Read more here ; 
Let me know if you agree - we must keep our military strong. Click here now ; 
I just published “Stop ISIS Terrorists Now, Before It’s Too Late” 
ISIS reportedly killed more Christians over the weekend. America must show leadership and help defeat ISIS.
"2016 is a referendum on our identity...what kind of country do we want to be?" [video] 
joined for an interview in New Hampshire earlier this week - watch it here:  
HA! This is great.  Marco Rubio Dancing to His Own Tunes! 
 Last night a New Hampshire voter asked what he'd do about Iran. Read his answer: 
had a great first day as a presidential candidate in New Hampshire (even if I got booed!)  
 NYT: Marco Rubio Swings Through New Hampshire by 
 Stand for pro-growth, pro-family tax reform!  
Thanks to for inviting me to dinner tonight. Great crowd!  
  knocked on doors in Hampstead, NH to talk w/ voters about Dennis Green ; upcoming state rep election 
 Marco talks about the 21st Century with students (and some press) at Manchester Community College 
Have you donated to our  Fund? If not, give now ; help us reach our goal:  
WATCH: A turning point for our nationClick here:  
Click here to see how families will prosper under the Rubio-Lee Tax Plan:  
  just taped an interview with in Manchester, NH for - airs Sunday morning 
I'm snapping from New Hampshire. Add me on Snapchat with username marcorubio16.
Just wrapped up a meeting with the editorial board here in Manchester, New Hampshire.  
We're keeping pace with our  fundraising goal, but we need you to help:  
 We need you! Help us reach the top by donating $5 to the  fund:  
 Thank you!!
This isn't the first time has stopped me at an airport to talk about music. 
 Fund a New American Century! Click here: 
I just published “A New American Century” 
 Just launched this morning:  fund - help us raise $100k in the next 48 hrs  
Click here to read this quick story about how I became a Republican:  
 Will taxes be a winning or losing issue for |  
Israel deserves our support ; respect. We must stand strong with our ally.SIGN if you agree:  
Ready to move beyond yesterday?Click here:  
I just published “A New American Century” 
 thank you!
Thank You!!  Got the first and only campaign contribution we've ever given ; on DAY-ONE!
 Have you signed up at  yet?   if so.
PLEASE : My full announcement speech is now on our website. 
 watch interview on with ; from earlier today 
Then we need a leader for tomorrow  "We need to build the economy of tomorrow, not yesterday." 
 fixed
Thanks for all of the support ; encouragement since yesterday! Watch ; share: 
I hope you will take a second to read this article about Jeanette. 
 Only a few hours left to become a Day One Supporter ; get this limited edition poster  
Become a day one supporter ; get this limited edition (24 hours only!) T-Shirt. Click here:  
 We have launched our issues page at  We will adding more frequently.
Yesterday was my first day on Snapchat. Here's my first Snapchat Story. Add me with username marcorubio16
 When you donate now to become a day one supporter, we'll send you this limited edition decal:  
Right after my announcement earlier today, I sat down with Tune in tonight to see the full interview! 
I just recorded this quick video on my phone. Thank You all for the awesome support. 
 Getting very active over on Instagram. Give  a follow: 
CALLING ALL CONSERVATIVES WITH A CAN-DO ATTITUDE!Check out our new website -  
 Are you following on snapchat. Add him with username marcorubio16
  if you're on Team  so that we know who to follow back.  
I'm running for President of the United States.Become a Day One Supporter at  
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.
And because we did, our children and theirs lived in a new American Century.
Because we did, the American miracle lived on.
The final verdict on our generation will be written by Americans not yet born. Let us make sure they record that we made the right choice.
But if we fail, they will be the first generation of Americans to inherit a country worse off than the one left for their parents.
If we can capture the promise of this new century they will be the freest and most prosperous Americans ever.
But I have chosen this course because this election is about them. Theirs is the most important generation in American history.
I will miss watching Amanda run track, Daniella play volleyball, Anthony play football and Dominick play soccer.
My wife Jeanette and my four children are here tonight. The next 19 months will take me far from home.
This will be the message of my campaign and the purpose of my presidency.
...But if they succeed, the 21st Century will be another American Century.
If their American Dreams become impossible, we will have become just another country.
That journey, from behind that bar to behind this podium, is the essence of the American Dream.
My father stood behind a small portable bar in the back of a room...so that tonight I could stand behind this podium in front of this room
When I was younger, I didn't fully appreciate all he did for us, but now as my own children grow older, I fully understand.
“In this country, you will achieve all the things we never could.”
"En este pais, ustedes van a poder lograr todas las cosas que nosotros no pudimos."
Because I believe our very identity as an exceptional nation is at stake, and I can make a difference as President.
I have heard some suggest that I should step aside and wait my turn. But I cannot.
...as those who come from power and privilege.
I live in an exceptional country where even the son of a bartender and a maid can have the same dreams and the same future...
... I announce my candidacy for President of the United States of America.
That is why today, grounded by the lessons of our history, and inspired by the promise of our future...
Before us now is the opportunity to author the greatest chapter yet in the amazing story of America.
But yesterday is over, and we are never going back.
Just yesterday, a leader from yesterday began a campaign for President by promising to take us back to yesterday.
 The event venue streaming app is having problems on some browsers. Go here if you are having trouble.
This election is not just about what laws we will pass. It is a generational choice about what kind of country we will be.
If America accepts the mantle of global leadership, by abandoning this admin’s dangerous concessions to Iran, and its hostility to Israel...
...then we will have a strong people and a strong nation.
...that all life deserves protection, and that all parents deserve to choose the education that’s right for their children...
If we remember that family – not government – is the most important institution in society...
If we do these things, the American people will create millions of better-paying modern jobs.
Now, the time has come for our generation to lead the way toward a new American Century.
While our people and economy are pushing the boundaries of the 21st century, too many leaders and their ideas are stuck in the 20th century
 The event venue's streaming app isn't working on Safari.Try The Hill's feed - 
But now, too many Americans are starting to doubt whether achieving that dream is still possible:
My parents achieved what came to be known as the American Dream.
They never made it big. But they were successful.
But because they were not born into wealth or power, their future was destined to be defined by their past.
When they were young, my parents had big dreams for themselves.
Here, we are the children and grandchildren of people who refused to accept this.
Most people who have ever lived were trapped by circumstances of birth, destined to live the life their parents had. America is different.
I am more confident than ever that despite our troubles, we have it within our power to make our time another American Century
I chose to make this announcement at the Freedom Tower because it is a symbol of our nation’s identity as the land of opportunity.
After deliberation ; prayer about the future of our country, I have come here to make an announcement on how I believe I can best serve her.
I'm turning over my Twitter account to the staff for a bit. They will be live tweeting my speech. 
Here we go. Tune in now for my announcement.   
Please follow our staff at 
Are you ready for A New American Century?   
Who is ready?  
Weather is nice here in Miami. Our event launch will happen. T-Minus 57 minutes.   
Another pic from our chat with  
I chatted with earlier today.  
It's almost time.  
The countdown continues... 
I'm now on My username is marcorubio16. Please add me.
 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
 I am on board with  Lets do this thing🇺🇸
Our staff is now tweeting from Please go give them a follow.
Check out these behind-the-scenes photos just posted by 
Just under 8 hours...  
 More than 3,500 people wanted ticket to announcement - from every state except Vermont. 
 Marco Rubio builds political career on defying establishment and odds 
 I’ll be sitting down w/ Sen. tomorrow as he makes a big announcement in Miami. See the interview on h…
Only 9 more hours...Watch live at  at 6pm est. 
 done
Brace yourself...   
