When we talk about systemic racism, that means serious inequalities in our health care system. Join our live town hall on how the coronavirus crisis is having a disproportionately harmful impact on the African American community: 
 The myth that  is an "equal opportunity killer" must be dispelled. It is unacceptable that Black America is getting…
 Please check us out at 7 PM EDT tonight discussing the impacts of the cornovirus pandemic on African Americans 
 "Masks are in short supply these days. So, too, is information." Read about the confusion ; fear frontline
I agree with that our response to the COVID-19 crisis must include a robust plan to protect the right to vote, and in fact, make it easier to vote.
Absentee voters in Wisconsin: Remember to flip to the back of the ballot and vote YES on the and Milwaukee and Racine school district funding referendums so these students can get the education they deserve.
Tonight, tune in to  at 7 p.m. ET for a livestream on the disproportionate impact of coronavirus on the African American community and the systemic racism in our health care system. 
Absentee voters in Wisconsin: remember to get your ballot postmarked today and vote for for the state Supreme Court. Help us create a government that works for working people. 
Let's be clear: holding this election amid the coronavirus outbreak is dangerous, disregards the guidance of public health experts, and may very well prove deadly. For that reason, our campaign will not be engaged in any traditional GOTV efforts.
It's outrageous that the Republican legislative leaders and the conservative majority on the Supreme Court in Wisconsin are willing to risk the health and safety of many thousands of Wisconsin voters tomorrow for their own political gain. 
Health care facilities that provide essential care in their communities must stay open, period. I stand with the members of who are protesting the closure of an emergency room on the South Side of Chicago today. 
This is a massive crisis and it is absurd that in the United States of America, our medical personnel and our hospitals do not have the equipment and protection they need. 
 As frontline workers, we put the needs of our customers before our own every time we start a shift.   It’s time Walmart ena…
Frontline workers—including grocery and pharmacy workers, warehouse workers, medical personnel, farmworkers, food processing workers, truck drivers, postal workers, delivery drivers, and janitors—must be provided hazard pay, child care, and safe working conditions.
  Transport Workers must be protected. When employers don't meet their obligation to protect us, workers must fi…
 is owned by the wealthiest family in the country.Their workers should not have to put their lives at risk to earn their paycheck.Walmart must end their greed, guarantee sick leave to all and stop putting workers at risk. 
Our country is facing its worst crisis in modern history. Congress must pass, in the very near future, the boldest piece of legislation ever written in modern history. Join me to discuss the next phase of our response. With music by and 
Join us soon for our virtual town hall at  What questions do you have about the health and economic crises we're facing that you would like to hear answered? 
Tonight at 7 p.m. ET join me for a live town hall on the coronavirus pandemic and our priorities for the next relief package, featuring music by and Watch at  
If you're able, please chip in to support Get Us PPE Fund, Feeding America, Movement for Black Lives COVID19 Mutual Aid Fund, UE Research and Education Fund, United for Respect, and Freelancers Relief Fund, who are helping those in need during this crisis.
When Dr. King was shot 52 years ago on this day, he was in Memphis standing with exploited sanitation workers.Our job, our mission, is to carry on his fight.We must work every day to build a nation where every person is able to live a life of peace and dignity.
 52 years ago, Rev. Dr.  was assassinated. Despite great ridicule ; resistance from the status quo, he continued to figh…
It's outrageous that during this time essential workers are forced to work without the proper safety equipment. I stand with workers demanding PPE, hazard pay, sick days, and a safety committee now. Add your name to their petition: 
The coronavirus does not differentiate based on immigration status and our economic and health response must not either. Guaranteeing all residents the assistance they need makes us safer, stronger, and is the morally right thing to do.
Hotspots like NYC are in dire need of supplies to protect the health care workers risking their lives to care for others. I agree with and Trump must stop playing political games and get it done now. 
Your health care cannot be tied to your employment. It has to be seen as a human right. 
We have a responsibility to ensure no person goes hungry during this crisis. We must:✅Increase SNAP benefits and expand SNAP and WIC✅Double funding for The Emergency Food Program✅Expand Meals on Wheels and school meals programs
At a time when millions are losing their jobs AND their health care, the American people are now seeing the gross deficiencies in our employer-based private health care system. Health care is a human right, not an employee benefit. Medicare for All!
Just as other countries have, including the UK, Norway, and Denmark, we must make sure that every worker in America continues to receive their paycheck during this crisis, retroactive to the beginning of the crisis.
I hope very much that out of this terrible tragedy we do some fundamental rethinking about the nature of American society. 
In this unprecedented moment in modern American history, it is imperative that we respond in an unprecedented way. That means that Congress must pass, in the very near future, the boldest piece of legislation ever written in modern history. 
It's outrageous that frontline workers like the are treating those with COVID-19 and still don't have sufficient protective equipment amid this crisis. Trump must immediately and forcefully use the Defense Production Act to get this done. 
If the president and Mitch McConnell think there is not another major emergency bill coming soon, they are terribly wrong. The country is in crisis and we have got to respond to that crisis. 
It is absurd that someone could be diagnosed with coronavirus and receive a massive bill for the treatment. We must come together and make health care a right for all. 
Jeff Bezos: The richest man in the world.Amazon: Pays $0 in federal income taxes.Workers: Unable to get the protection they need.The greed has got to end. I stand with Amazon workers who are fighting for their rights. 
I stand with the flight attendants. The airline grants in the COVID-19 bill must be approved now to fully fund the paychecks and benefits of 2 million workers. Secretary Mnuchin: Stop delaying this relief. Workers can't afford to wait. They need help now.
If you can't win on your ideas and need to depend on low turnout and voter suppression, get out of politics and get another job. 
Health care workers risk their lives every day to fight this pandemic, and they deserve to have their collective bargaining rights protected. Clark County must reverse this disgraceful decision. 
In the wealthiest country in history, it's unacceptable that public schools are crumbling. The and school district funding referendums on the ballot in Milwaukee and Racine are exactly the kind of investment Wisconsin students need and deserve.
In the midst of the exploding unemployment and public health crises, Congress must pass new and unprecedented emergency legislation that guarantees health care for all and allows every American worker to continue receiving their paycheck. Working on details now.
We need Medicare for All so that your health insurance is not tied to your job.
Judges should stand up for the needs of working people and civil rights, not huge corporate CEO donors, which is why I strongly endorse for the Wisconsin Supreme Court. 
Instead of rallying the scientific community, instead of educating the American people about the need for social distancing and the other things that we have to do, Trump's inaction has cost the lives of many, many Americans.
This is a crisis. People don't know how they're going to afford to stay in their homes. We need to suspend rent and mortgage payments, evictions, and foreclosures nationwide.
I support workers who strike, conduct a sick-out, or participate in a walk-off to support our collective health and safety amid this pandemic. Period.
A Medicare for All system is designed to provide quality care to all — not simply make huge amounts of money for insurance and drug companies. 
 if you’re a student, join our call tonight!!! in support of LETS DO THIS!!! 
 BREAKING: We are PROUD to add the Movement for Black Lives  to our list of  frontline organiz…
The cruelty and absurdity of our for-profit health care system is more obvious in the midst of this crisis than it has ever been. The American people want Medicare for All. 
During this growing economic crisis, tens of millions of Americans are on the verge of going hungry. We cannot allow that to happen. The federal government must act now to make sure that every American has access to the food they need during this horrific pandemic.
We cannot continue to have a dysfunctional, greedy health care system which ties most people's health care coverage to employment, leaves tens of millions uninsured and bankrupts over 500,000 people a year.We must guarantee health care as a human right through Medicare for All.
Under Medicare for All, rural hospitals would finally have consistent funding rather than being forced into closure based on the business models of profit-seeking health insurers.
The Federal Reserve estimates that upwards of 47 million people could lose their jobs. That means tens of millions losing insurance in addition to the 30 million already uninsured. Under Medicare for All, no one would lose their health insurance if they lost their job.
While there is no simple health care fix to the destruction of coronavirus, under a Medicare for All system, everyone would have comprehensive health care free at the point of service. No one would avoid going to the doctor due to cost, or go into debt just for getting sick.
We must never forget that we are only as healthy as the least insured among us. When one of us gets sick, all of us have the potential to get sick. When our neighbor loses their job, that hurts our community and local economy.
The coronavirus pandemic is highlighting every day the many ways in which our country leaves the poor and vulnerable behind.Millions of workers have no paid leave.Half our people live paycheck to paycheck. And 87 million are uninsured or underinsured.
People shouldn't have to put their lives on the line to vote. Wisconsin should join the 15 states delaying elections, delay Tuesday’s vote, extend early voting, and work to send every voter a ballot by mail. While we wait for a decision we urge our supporters to vote-by-mail.
 Rent is due tomorrow.  is causing a housing crisis – but truth is, the US housing system has been in crisis for a l…
Walmart is owned by the wealthiest family in the country.Yet workers say they do not have the protective gear they need; very few have paid leave they can use; and many are making low wages.Will you join me in calling on Walmart to protect its workers?
It's disgraceful that Amazon, which is owned by the richest man in the world, is not only failing to protect its workers but has now fired a worker for protesting dangerous conditions. I stand with Chris and all Amazon workers fighting for their safety. 
Transgender people everywhere deserve to live in dignity and security. Together, we will end hatred and bigotry towards trans Americans and build a nation based on love, justice and civil rights. 
Far too many women in America have inadequate wages that leave them struggling to get by. Expanding workers' rights and raising wages means we must finally end the pay gap.  
Americans deserve better than a health care system where  people are terrified and need treatment, but are afraid to go to the doctor or emergency room because they cannot afford the bill. They deserve Medicare for All.
 The  leads to a lifetime of inequality between men ; women. As the Coronavirus pandemic reveals the depths o…
We must construct emergency shelters and utilize vacant lodging to provide survivors of domestic violence the shelter, the health care and the nutrition they need, and to connect those individuals with social services to ensure nobody is left behind. 
 Tune in for a very special livestream forum with my friend and colleague Dr. and
Now is the time to act boldly and support each other. Join our coronavirus response roundtable with Dr. Rep. and featuring music from 
 Today @ 7pm EST, will host a Livestream on the coronavirus pandemic with Rep. Peter DeFazio (D-Ore.), Rev. Dr.…
 Virtual town hall  with and others at 7 regarding coronavirus.
What questions do you have for our panel tonight?Tune in soon at  
We must move forward on a fourth coronavirus stimulus package.This bill must protect workers, not hand out more corporate welfare. It must provide a full paycheck for laid off workers for the duration of the crisis, and guarantee health care for all.
 Join me tonight at 7pm ET for a livestream on the coronavirus pandemic with Dr. Rep. Peter De…
Tonight at 7 p.m. ET, join our livestream on the coronavirus pandemic with guests Dr. Rep. and featuring music from at  
We must make sure that the checks from the first stimulus package get to people as quickly as possible. Next, we must build a new stimulus package to go even further. 
Corporations like Whole Foods have a moral obligation to take this pandemic seriously and stop putting profits over people. Add your name to stand with Whole Foods workers who are demanding an immediate expansion of paid sick hours for all employees: 
 Tonight, has a remote interview with Plus,  at the current state of the 
We are dealing with an unprecedented pandemic and economic crisis. Please take a moment to upload a video of yourself and tell us how the coronavirus is affecting you. Your story may be featured on our website and official social media channels:  
Jeff Bezos is the wealthiest person in the world. Amazon pays $0 in federal income taxes. Yet Bezos refuses to protect Amazon warehouse workers. I stand with the workers today demanding safe working conditions and paid leave. 
Our health care system should be about protecting lives, not making huge profits for corporations.
We are facing estimates of over 100,000 coronavirus deaths. It is outrageous that a Philadelphia real estate investor who closed a hospital is now trying to gouge the city to re-open it. is right: the city should reopen Hahnemann hospital immediately. 
There is something very, very wrong when we spend twice as much per capita on health care as other major countries, yet tens of millions are uninsured and we have worse health outcomes.The profit-driven health care system has got to change.We need Medicare for All.
Jane and I are deeply saddened to hear of the passing of State Rep. Isaac Robinson. He served as a vice chair for our campaign in Michigan and believed strongly in a fairer future for all. Our thoughts are with his family and loved ones. 
Anti-Semitism and Nazism destroyed a good part of my family. I’ll fight to make sure hatred has no place in our country. 
It is unacceptable that tens of millions of Americans, despite working hard at full-time jobs, now find themselves laid off, with nothing in the bank and are terrified as to how they'll be able to feed their kids.
Our current economy, which allows for a grotesque level of income and wealth inequality and forces half of our people to live paycheck-to-paycheck, must be replaced by an economy that works for all, not just the few.
There is no excuse for the wealthiest nation on Earth not to be prepared to have adequate test kits for a pandemic, or have the protective masks, gloves and gowns our medical personnel require.
Our dysfunctional health care system must be replaced by a Medicare for All, single-payer system, which not only guarantees health care for everyone as a right, but has a strong public health component which prepares our country for health care crises like the coronavirus.
Now is the time. The unprecedented crises we are living in call for an unprecedented response. If there is any silver lining in the horrific situation we now find ourselves in, it is the need to understand how we got here and how we can prevent future disasters like this.
It is simply absurd that massive corporations who make billions in profits every year claim they cannot afford to guarantee paid sick leave to their workers.
If our medical personnel go down, who will treat the American people? Mr. Trump: Utilize the Defense Production Act and protect our medical personnel. 
Corporate-run health insurance isn't about saving lives. It's about making as much money as possible. With Medicare for All we can finally put an end to this international disgrace. 
We need a clean Carcieri fix to reaffirm the authority of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for all federally recognized Indian tribes. A Sanders administration will prioritize that.
We must reset the partnership between the federal government and Tribal Nations by putting land – and control of that land – back in the hands of tribes.
For far too long, the federal government has adopted policies that take land away from tribes, ignore treaty rights and interfere with tribal management of their own resources.
I stand with the Mashpee Wampanoag tribe in their fight to restore lands that belong to them, and I oppose the disgraceful decision by the Trump Administration to disestablish their lands held in trust by the Department of Interior. 
Using this health and economic crisis to union bust is morally unacceptable. I’m calling on to bring workers back on payroll and recognize the 
 was last valued at nearly $8 billion. A company of this size should not be forcing its workers to put themselves — and us all — at risk. I stand with the workers, and encourage Instacart to meet the their demands.
Rev. Joseph Lowery was a titan of civil rights. He leaves behind an incredible legacy of fighting for justice that we must carry forward every day. Our thoughts are with the Lowery family. 
Along with pausing mortgage payments, evictions, and utility shutoffs, we must place a moratorium on rent payments, especially in states hardest-hit by the coronavirus like New York. We must build on the important work and others are doing to make this happen. 
People today are dying, knowing they're sick, but they're not going to the hospital because they can't afford the bill that they'll be picking up.That is an international disgrace.We need to make health care a right.
This is absolutely barbaric. The cruelty and absurdity of our for-profit health care system is more obvious in the midst of this crisis than it has ever been. We need Medicare for All. 
In this crisis we must listen to the experts and do everything we can to protect our medical personnel who are on the front lines. Join our livestream with doctors and nurses on the frontlines of the coronavirus pandemic: 
Tonight I will be hosting a livestream with doctors and nurses on the frontlines of the coronavirus pandemic. Tune in at 7 p.m. ET at  
Right now, the phone lines of unemployment offices around the country are jammed and websites are crashing. The federal government must immediately put together the necessary staffing and technology to address the unprecedented number of requests for help that are coming in.
This is a crisis.The stimulus package just passed can provide real help to millions, but it won’t matter unless the federal bureaucracy is able to implement the program and get the money out.No business as usual. People need help NOW, not in several months.
Losing your job and being unemployed is difficult enough. You shouldn’t lose your health insurance too. Medicare for All means always being covered.
The fact that we are the only major country not to guarantee paid leave, and millions of workers cannot take paid sick days, is a public health emergency.
 "We have to make sure where we're working at is safe. I'm scared...When it comes to there is so much more they c…
We need to listen to the experts to get through this crisis. 
Last night's bill included the largest expansion of unemployment benefits in history. We will still need to go much further to help the working people of this country. 
We have a president who is speaking in opposition to medical advisors in our own government. To me, this is as dangerous as he gets. 
I am grateful to receive the support of who promote civic participation among the Muslim community in Wisconsin. Now more than ever we must all come together so that every community gets the care and protection they need. 
Workers who are providing essential public services deserve hazard pay and adequate safety equipment. I applaud the members of Local 249 who are standing up not just for themselves, but for workers everywhere. 
The coronavirus is spreading quickly, and the reality is that CVS workers are among some of those at the highest risk and are less likely to have paid sick leave.Add your name to this petition to demand CVS provide a safe workplace for workers: 
  if you agree that we needed  yesterday.
Medicare for All means never losing your health insurance if you lose your job. That is what we must guarantee to the American people.
It is unacceptable that healthcare workers are being forced to treat COVID-19 patients without personal protective equipment (PPE). Donald Trump must immediately invoke the Defense Production Act so that we can speed up the production of PPE for workers. 
We must move forward in terms of economic, social, racial and environmental justice, guarantee human rights and end this unfettered capitalism. 
The coronavirus relief package must help working people, not large corporations. Join me for the latest update as Congress debates emergency legislation. 
I'm joining Amazon workers to demand:✅Paid sick leave for ALL✅1.5x hazard pay✅Childcare pay and subsidies✅Stop enforcement of rate-based quotas✅Closing of workplaces where employees test positive for coronavirusAdd your name if you agree: 
Please join me at 7 p.m. ET tonight to discuss the latest updates on the coronavirus pandemic, as Congress continues to debate emergency legislation. Tune in at  
The American people understand that we are only as safe as the least insured person in America. Together, we must finally make health care a right to all. 
 give your workers paid sick leave. 
As we figure out how to deal with the coronavirus, we must listen to the experts. Join me for a conversation with and public health experts and Dr. Rishi Desai. With music from . 
We have got to ask how we got to be a country where so many people are in financial despair and some 40% of Americans cannot afford $400 for an emergency.
Tonight at 8 p.m. ET, join us for a roundtable on the coronavirus crisis. I'll be joined by our campaign Health Policy Chair Rep. and health professionals, featuring music by Tune in at  
 TONIGHT: interviews about the COVID-19 pandemic and his presidential campaign.Watch at 6 p.m.…
It is outrageous that right-wing politicians in states like Texas and Ohio are using this crisis to risk women's health and safety by denying their right to abortion and other reproductive health care. Instead, we should be expanding access with things like telemedicine.
Trump must use the Defense Production Act to produce hundreds of millions of the protective equipment we need. As our health care workers are protected, we must also focus on all workers at risk, including members exposed every day: 
In a dark time, this is very good news. Congratulations to Colorado on this important step toward justice. We must abolish the death penalty nationwide. 
I do not think you only have a right to health care if you have the money to afford it. I think you have a right to health care because you are a human being.
We cannot just give corporations money to do anything they want. We have to ensure that money is going to protect working people. 
In this unprecedented health and economic crisis, we must all stand together. Thank you to unions like who are rightly demanding proposals to make sure working people don’t lose their income and that everyone has all the health care they need. 
  on the coronavirus response:“Our job is to act in an unprecedented way, both in terms of healthcare a…
This is an unprecedented moment and we have got to think in an unprecedented way. Together, with the leadership of people like and we will get through this. 
Thank you Jamar, Ethan, James and Phillip. Thank you to the millions of workers on the front lines of this pandemic. We owe you so much. We must do everything in our power to ensure the safety, security and respect for workers and their unions. 
We not only need to put a moratorium on utility shut-offs across the country. We must restore utility services to anyone who has had their utilities shut off.
  wins Democrats Abroad primary (180 countries) in highest turnout in history. "Our voters believe in affor…
We must suspend rent and mortgage payments, evictions, and foreclosures across the country. We cannot abandon our people and allow families to be thrown out of their homes during a pandemic. 
We need an unprecedented legislative response that focuses on the emergency health care needs of the American people — not billions of dollars in corporate welfare to benefit CEOs and wealthy stockholders.
Some of my Republican colleagues are calling for a $1,000, one-time check to Americans.Really?That'll last you two or three weeks. What happens after that?We need to give every person in this country $2,000 a month for the duration of this crisis.
 we’re live! 
 Bernie live now with AOC, Rashida, Ilhan discussing pandemic.  
This is an unprecedented moment and we have got to think in an unprecedented way. Join our livestream on the coronavirus response with and featuring musical guests including 
 Proud that our campaign is showing up and connecting every day. The resilience of our people has always come through in tim…
 See you all tonight, virtually that is 😉 
TONIGHT: join our livestream on the response to the coronavirus outbreak with and featuring musical guests including Tune in at 7 pm ET at  
Donald Trump needs to get his act together and do this now. 
 Join us today at 4PM EST for our weekly  National Call.We'll be discussing how the Coronavirus i…
Corporate greed is a threat to our public health.To McDonald's and other massive corporations: Stop hoarding wealth for your executives and putting lives in danger.Guarantee paid sick leave now. 
We will get through this crisis by supporting each other and the most vulnerable. We identified new, important charities doing essential work during the pandemic. Can you add a contribution to support them? 
We cannot give Trump’s Treasury Department a blank check to bail out the airlines, cruise ships, hotels, and many other industries, while providing next to nothing to help the homeless or the most vulnerable people in this country. 6/6
Corporate pork producers are using the coronavirus to push Congress to expedite guest worker visas, even at a time when international travel and immigration is largely shut down. 5/6
Adidas wants to sneak in a long-sought provision allowing people to use pretax money to pay for gym memberships and fitness equipment — even when many gyms and retail stores are closed nationwide. 4/6
The National Association of Manufacturers wants $1.4 trillion, and the International Council of Shopping Centers wants a guarantee of up to $1 trillion. 3/6
The airline industry is asking for $50 billion, the private space industry is asking for $5 billion, and the hotel industry wants $150 billion. 2/6
Now is not the time to allow large corporations to take advantage of this horrific crisis by profiteering and ripping off U.S. taxpayers.In the last few days, we’ve seen numerous examples of lobbyists and their agents fighting for special favors.Here are a few of them. 1/6
We need to bail out workers, not corporations. 
Mr. President, get your act together. Utilize the Defense Production Act and protect our medical personnel. 
I am grateful to receive the support of and their 30,000 members, who are working tirelessly for the safety of their campuses and community throughout this pandemic. 
In this extraordinary moment in American and world history, we have got to think outside the box in a way that we have never done. 
Trump must act now.Not only are the lives of the heroes and heroines providing medical care on the line, the lives of millions across the rest of the country are on the line as well.If our medical front line goes down, the whole country is at risk.
The president must immediately and forcefully use the Defense Production Act to direct manufacturers to produce all of the personal protective equipment, ventilators, and other medical supplies that we need to get through this crisis.
Unbelievably, in the U.S. right now, doctors and nurses are unnecessarily putting their lives on the line treating people suffering from the coronavirus because they lack personal protective equipment like masks, gloves, and surgical gowns.That is unacceptable.
Emergency funding for any industry must come with the condition that workers keep their jobs and receive a living wage. I am proud to stand alongside in the fight to ensure that workers don't bear the cost of this crisis. 
Suspend evictions, foreclosures, and utility shut-offs nationwide.
We need fundamental change to an economy that leaves far too many working people behind. Join a teach-in with Bernie 2020 campaign staff and leadership on the coronavirus and the social safety net: 
Thank you to the thousands of people across the country who are fighting for the vulnerable and showing what  is all about. 
A basic underlining principle of what we must do in Congress right now is to make certain that every American receives the financial assistance they need to survive this crisis with dignity.
We need to send emergency cash payments of $2,000 to every person in America each month for the duration of this pandemic.
Llame al: 312-626-6799, codigo: 660829170# para escuchar la plática en Español. 
I’m hosting a virtual roundtable on the economic and health crises created by the coronavirus outbreak. Join me, musical guests and two leaders on the frontlines of the crisis - and 
Hoy a las 7:00 pm ET, únete a la plática virtual sobre las Respuestas a la Crisis del Coronavirus.Para el video en vivo: Llame al: 312-626-6799, codigo: 660829170# para escuchar la plática en Español. 
Tune in to our livestream tonight at 7 p.m. ET at  I will be outlining a proposal to address this crisis. Together, we will get through this. 
Tonight, via national livestream, I will outline a proposal that addresses this horrific situation. 
In this unprecedented moment in modern world history, amidst massive fear and anxiety, I will do all that I can to insist that the Democratic response to this crisis be as bold as this moment requires. Now is the time to stand with the working families of this county.
Not surprisingly, the Republican plan for the coronavirus pandemic is totally inadequate. It benefits the rich and large corporations, creates desperation for poor and working families and goes nowhere near far enough to address the health and economic crises we're facing.
Uninsured Americans not only have to worry about getting sick from the coronavirus.They have to worry about whether getting health care would bankrupt them.During an international crisis or not, health care must always be a right.
 The People's Dialer 📞With fear, confusion, ; uncertainty taking up more space in our lives, sometimes the most revolutio…
Tonight, I will be holding a virtual roundtable on the economic and health crises created by the coronavirus outbreak. Tune in at 7 p.m. ET at  
Right now 87 million Americans are uninsured or underinsured.Our profit-driven health care system is a danger to our people.During this crisis, Medicare should cover all health care treatment for free, including coronavirus testing, treatment, and the eventual vaccine. 
We are the richest country in the history of the world. Every worker deserves a living wage, paid leave, health care, and a union—at all times, not just during a national crisis.
Now is the time for us to stand together. Split a contribution between five charities that are fighting for kids, the economically disadvantaged, and workers during the pandemic: 
More than 45 million Americans struggle with $1.6 trillion in student debt.We must cancel all student loan payments for the duration of this emergency.Long-term, we must cancel all student debt and make public colleges, universities, and trade schools tuition- and debt-free.
Our current health care system does not have the doctors and nurses we currently need. During this crisis, we need to mobilize medical residents, retired medical professionals, and other medical personnel to help us deal with this crisis.
 🚨 If you live in New York ; have an employer, you are now eligible for paid sick leave.If you are a gig/contract worker: PLEASE…
We need to make certain that everybody in our country who needs to go to a doctor can get health care they need regardless of their income. In this crisis we must empower Medicare to cover all medical bills during this emergency.
 Our  training is kicking off NOW and we’ll be using the hashtag  to live tweet!There IS a call cap and w…
We are likely already in a recession.Workers are losing income while their bills pile up.We need to provide direct, emergency $2,000 cash payments to every person in America every month for the duration of the crisis.
We will get through this difficult time by looking out for one another and protecting the vulnerable. What is something someone has done to help you, or what have you done to reach out to others?
I proudly stood with and to fight the closure of Hahnemann. We must re-open such hospitals and fund the creation of new facilities to address this pandemic. I hope that other cities and states will follow Philadelphia's lead. 
It's been estimated that the unemployment rate could hit 20% if we don't act boldly. A one or two time check isn't good enough—the government must tell every small and mid-sized business owner that we'll cover 100% of their payroll if they don't lay off anyone during this crisis.
The crisis we face from coronavirus is on the scale of a major war.Read our principles for responding to the health care and economic crises, and if you have thoughts or ideas to share with us, email inf
We must waive all student loan payments for the duration of this emergency.
Join me live as we discuss the government response to the coronavirus and the actions required going forward. 
I'll be giving remarks tonight at 7:15 p.m. ET on how we can respond to the growing coronavirus crisis in a way that protects working people and our most vulnerable. Watch live at 
We need to provide emergency unemployment assistance to anyone who loses their job through no fault of their own. 
The workers of this nation must be taken care of during this crisis. I stand with workers urging the billionaire owners in and to pay workers their full wages.  
This must be a moment in which people ask fundamental questions about the rationality of our current health care system, which exists to make corporations as much profit as possible, regardless of the consequences.
If you have questions about what is happening in your state, you can email us at inf 
As we continue to fight for universal health care and paid leave, it has never been more important to strengthen the trade union movement. Workers must have the right to collectively bargain for better pay, stronger benefits, and more power over their lives.
While Arizona, Florida and Illinois are still voting today, going to the polls amid the coronavirus outbreak is a personal decision and we respect whichever choice voters make. If you do go to the polls, please see CDC guidance on keeping yourself safe: 
Join our digital rally live now: 
Join me now for our first-ever digital rally featuring and Jim James of and many more special guests. 
Thank you to I will continue to fight alongside you and your 10,000 members across the Northeast for an economy that works for working people. 
No one should go bankrupt due to medical bills.No one should avoid a doctor because they can't afford it.No one should watch a loved one die because they were uninsured.We must end this injustice and pass Medicare for All.
 More than ever, America is in need of hope and vision. Our rallies have always been about uplifting the ideas that will hea…
No one should ever be bankrupted because they got sick.In the midst of this emergency, the U.S. government must be clear that everyone in our country must be able to get all of the health care they need without cost. Period. 
 Welcome Jezebel blogger who promises he will fight for reproductive freedom as president 
We have to make a choice. What kind of nation do we want to be?Do we want to work together to tackle the problems facing this country, or be one where nothing fundamentally changes for the people with power who make huge amounts of money on greed and corruption?
If you want to make real change and create an economy that works for all, you know what you need?You need to take on Wall Street, the drug companies, the insurance companies, and the fossil fuel industry.You don’t take campaign contributions from them.
It is time ask the question of who owns the power in this country.  
We have the boldest plan to address the climate crisis and the courage to take on the fossil fuel industry.  
 Coronavirus ; climate change demand similar responses:"We tell the big money interests that this is not a time for profi…
On day one we'll restore the DACA program for the 1.8 million young people who are eligible. We will we end ICE raids and family separations.We will have a humane, sensible immigration policy supported by the American people. 
I voted against the Defense of Marriage Act.Biden voted for it.I voted against the war in Iraq.Biden voted for it.I voted against NAFTA and PNTR.Biden voted for them.It takes courage sometimes to do the right thing. 
Go to the YouTube. Take a look at Joe Biden's record of trying to cut Social Security.  
In 1995, I was on the House floor fighting the GOP’s efforts to cut Social Security. 5 days later, Joe Biden gave a speech in the Senate bragging about his work with the GOP to try to freeze funding for Social Security.  
Joe, be honest. You have tried to cut Social Security for 40 years.  
What we have got to address is not just the current economic crisis, but also address the fragility of the economy, in which so few have so much and so many have so little.  
In 2008 when we had the Wall Street bailout, the people on top did very well. This time around, let us learn that lesson and pay attention to the working families of this country. 
This coronavirus pandemic exposes the incredible weakness and dysfunctionality of our current health care system.We are the only major country not to guarantee health care to all our people.We need Medicare for All.  
If I am president, we will make it clear that whether you are rich or poor you will get the care you need. The drug companies will not be allowed to rip off the American people. 
The first thing we need to do, whether I'm president or not, is to shut this president up and finally listen to the scientists.  
The debate starts soon on CNN. Follow along with updates on our live blog here: 
Join and more as they preview the CNN debate at 8 PM ET. 
No one should be in debt because they needed health care. We have got to cancel all $81 billion in existing past-due medical debt.
 I don't think there has ever been a more important debate. Urge friends and family to watch. If you aren't under the sam…
It's great that Joe Biden is now supporting a position that was in the Democratic platform four years ago.Now we must make all public universities, colleges and trade schools tuition-free for all, cancel all student debt, and fund it with a small tax on Wall Street speculation. 
Thank you to for their tireless fight against racism, xenophobia, and white supremacy. I'm honored to receive their endorsement.Together, we will continue the fight for racial justice and build a more just and equitable future for all. 
Our country is facing a medical and economic crisis the likes of which we've not seen in generations.Our response must meet the enormous scale of the pandemic.Now is the time for solidarity, and robust action. 
These are tough times. We will get through this. Never forget that we are all in this together. 
Tonight, the American people will see Joe Biden and myself on a debate stage, one-on-one, debating the solutions to the enormous crises facing our country. I hope that you will tune in to CNN at 8 pm ET. 
If our neighbor or co-worker gets sick, we have the potential to get sick.If our neighbors lose their jobs, then our local economies suffer, and we may lose our jobs.It is at this moment that we must remember that we are all in this together.
 “Our country is facing a medical and economic crisis the likes of which we've not seen in generations…It is at this moment…
 Fireside chat on important issu s at home with and  You can tune in to the livestream now. 
Tune in live to our  now: 
Tonight, we're going to do something a little bit different. Join us for a fireside chat as we talk about our vision for the future of this country and take your questions. 
If this situation isn’t a red flag for our current dysfunctional and wasteful health care system, frankly, I don’t know what is.
Tonight, join me for a fireside chat from my home in Burlington to discuss our vision for the country. I’ll be taking questions from our audience. Tune in at  at 7:30 p.m. ET. 
The pharmaceutical industry must be told in no uncertain terms that the medicines that they manufacture for this crisis will be sold at cost. This is not the time for profiteering or price gouging.
The American people deserve better than a cruel, corporate-run health care system that bankrupts people for getting sick. We need Medicare for All. 
We must expand the Meal on Wheels program, school lunch program and SNAP so that no one goes hungry during this crisis.
We need to construct emergency housing to make sure that the homeless, survivors of domestic violence, and college students quarantined off campus are able to receive the shelter, health care, and nutrition they need.
I'm humbled and proud to have Rev. Jesse Jackson, Sr. by my side in the fight to expand voting rights, create a single-payer health care system, and finally deliver full social and economic equality for those who have been left behind. 
Short-term: we must provide emergency unemployment assistance and include workers who depend on tips, gig workers, domestic workers and independent contractors.Long-term: we need Medicare for All so your health insurance is not tied to your job. 
Workers are being told not to go to work, but many will face financial ruin if they don't. We must finally pass paid family and medical leave right now. 
We are only as safe as the least-insured person in America. 
We must learn important lessons from the coronavirus outbreak and make major changes to ensure that every American is taken care of in times of crisis. I’m addressing the nation now. Watch live: 
At 2 p.m. ET today I will deliver another address to the nation on the lessons our country can learn from the coronavirus outbreak. Please tune in at 
President Trump is unable and unwilling to lead selflessly.We must immediately convene an emergency, bipartisan authority of experts to support and direct a response that is comprehensive, compassionate, and based first and foremost on science and fact.
  Virtual Phonebanks: "Call Your Bubbe in Florida"! 
 tomorrow night! Black People for Bernie +  National Call. 8PM EST get updates on next steps and p…
Now is the time for solidarity. We must fight with love and compassion for those most vulnerable to the effects of this pandemic.
One of the reasons I'm running for president is for my grandchildren and kids all over the world. We're going to create the nation and world that they deserve. 
Imagine having a government that fights for the needs of working people, not corporate profits, Wall Street, and fossil fuel companies.That's the nation we can build together.
I am honored to have the endorsement of Milwaukee's Together, we will end student debt and make public colleges and universities free for everyone. 
 We're extending Vote By Mail applications online through midnight tonight, Mar 12. You may also drop off a paper form…
We've been told over and over that Medicare for All is "too radical."I think it's radical to have a health care system that leaves 87 million people uninsured or underinsured.I think it's radical that people can't afford to see a doctor during a pandemic.
 Suspend evictions nationwide! 
Health care is a human right.
Illinois: You have until 5 p.m. today to request a vote by mail ballot. It only takes a few minutes to apply. 
It is an absolute moral imperative that our response — as a government, as a society, as business communities, and as individuals — meets the enormity of this crisis.Read and watch my full remarks to the nation today:
In this economic crisis, we need to place an immediate moratorium on evictions, foreclosures, and utility shut-offs.
While we work to pass Medicare for All, the U.S. government must be clear that in the midst of this emergency, everyone in our country—regardless of income or where they live—must be able to get the health care they need without cost. 
We are dealing with a national emergency and the president should declare one now.
It will be easy to feel like we are in this alone, or that we must only worry about ourselves and let everyone else fend for themselves.That would be a very dangerous mistake.We must remember that we are in this together. 
We need real action and leadership to protect the American people. I'm addressing the nation regarding the health and economic crisis facing the country. Watch live: 
If there ever was a moment that showed us the need for all people to be able to get health care regardless of their income, this is that moment. Medicare for All now.
I'll be addressing the public from Burlington at 3 p.m. ET today regarding the health and economic crisis facing the country. Please tune in at 
We need to join every other major country on Earth to guarantee paid leave to all people. And we should do it right now on an emergency basis.
Our campaign continues to win the vast majority of the votes of younger people.In order to win in the future, you need to win the voters who represent the future of our country, and you must speak to the issues of concern to them.That is how you defeat Donald Trump.
"We can’t have four more years of profits over people. We need Bernie, we need a movement. We do need a revolution.”  
Peace means security not only for every Israeli, but also for every Palestinian. I'm proud to have the support of 
The time is long overdue for us to legalize marijuana and expunge past marijuana convictions.
Today some 87 million Americans remain uninsured or underinsured. The absurdity of our health care system is becoming more and more obvious as we face the challenge of the coronavirus. We need Medicare for All.
I'm proud to have earned the support of Nurses and other frontline workers know that our health care system is broken, and it's more urgent than ever that we fix it. 
I look forward to debating Joe Biden on Sunday night. 
Together, we are going to build a nation based on justice and dignity for all. Join us live in Burlington for an update on our campaign: 
I’ll be delivering a campaign update live from Burlington at 1 p.m. ET. Tune in at 
If you’re in line at the polls, stay in line! 
At a time when Democrats correctly attack Republicans for voter suppression, to see voters standing in long lines for hours in Michigan and around America is an outrage. Election officials must address these problems immediately, and if necessary, keep polling places open longer.
“My belief is that so many Native Americans are behind Bernie because he is so authentic and doesn’t let big-money corporations influence him.”  
 I mailed in my  ballot for two weeks ago! Have you? 🚨🚨🚨You have until 8 PM TONIGHT to get it in a…
 I’ve always admired for the brave leadership he has displayed in Congress. I think he’s got the clearest his…
Idaho, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, North Dakota and Washington—I am once again asking that you get out and vote today. Do it for our kids and grandkids who deserve a habitable planet. Find your polling place here:  
If we're going to avert climate catastrophe we must act boldly and we must act now.That is why we have the most comprehensive climate proposal of any candidate in history.Let's ensure we leave a livable, thriving planet for our kids and grandkids.
Every worker in America should have guaranteed paid sick leave. This is already the case in every other major country on Earth.
“Bernie has a bold vision. Young people feel that sincerity, and I feel it, too. Bernie has got a vision, he’s got an agenda, and Bernie has the skillset to get things done.”Thank you Rep. for your support! 
This is what it looks like when you put corporate greed ahead of saving lives. We need Medicare for All. 
“Bernie was fighting for me before I was even born, because that’s his philosophy—fight for somebody that you don’t know.”  
 TODAY is our  primary election. So proud to support ; multiracial working class movement that support…
Are you willing to fight for someone else as much as you're willing to fight for yourself?That's how we build a nation based on justice, dignity and human rights for all.Vote today in Idaho, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, North Dakota and Washington: 
 Anyone promising safety by casting a ballot in 2020 is lying.We are living in such dangerous times that safety is someth…
I voted against disastrous trade deals like NAFTA and PNTR that cost millions of jobs.Joe Biden voted for them.Ours is the campaign that is strongest to defeat Trump. 
Today is primary day in:➡️Idaho➡️Michigan➡️Mississippi➡️Missouri➡️North Dakota➡️WashingtonGet out and vote! Let’s win this together and transform the country. Find your polling place here: 
Making health care a right.Universal child care.Guaranteed paid leave.A livable planet.A homes guarantee.These are ideas that Joe Biden tells us are "pie in the sky."I don't think it's radical to say that in the richest country on Earth, our people should live in dignity.
“Policies that don’t challenge the status quo right now are incredibly dangerous… Bernie Sanders is not a risky candidate against Donald Trump. He is in fact the safest candidate.”  
Even a Fox News audience agrees that our progressive ideas are not radical. These are the ideas we need to bring to the general election to defeat Trump. 
I'm proud that during my time in the Senate, we have been able to win important fights for the working people of this country. We will carry on that fight inside the White House. 
With the spread of coronavirus, we have already seen people hit with massive medical bills, simply for doing the right thing by getting tested.Others may face massive bills for hospitalization, treatment and quarantine if they need it.This must end.We need Medicare for All.
 Did you know that the  can make or break this election? (We’re looking at you, Michigan!) Let’s win this fo…
Rev. Jesse Jackson is a hero of mine. It's one of the honors of my life to have his support. Together, we will build the nation based on justice we know we can become. 
 Also, worth noting that was the ONLY candidate calling for an end to these shutoffs. The ONLY one. 
 Voting for  right now! Super easy process thanks to the new MI voting laws.If you voted for someone who dropp…
It's good news that Detroit is restoring water to thousands of households. But it shouldn't take a crisis like the spread of coronavirus to restore people's right to drinking water. We are going to guarantee the right to clean water for all Americans. 
Trump says he has a “natural ability” to handle a viral outbreak. That's outrageous. Our administration will listen to scientists. Live in Detroit for a roundtable with public health leaders on coronavirus and what we must do to address it: 
The way we transform America is by building a movement from the ground up to get people involved in the political process. That is what is happening in Chicago and all across the country. That is what the political revolution is about. 
Joe Biden thinks we should "return to normal."Normal means 87 million uninsured or underinsured.Normal means fossil fuel companies destroying the planet.Normal means the rich getting richer while the poor get poorer.We cannot return to normal. We need real change.
We are the only major country not to guarantee paid sick leave.That is a public health issue.It is an economic issue.And it is a moral issue.We must finally guarantee paid sick leave to every worker in America.
Idaho, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, North Dakota, or Washington, tomorrow is primary day and we need you to vote. Find your polling place at  and remind your friends and family to vote! 
Voting for our progressive agenda, which the American people support, is not risky. What’s risky is nominating a candidate who supported the Iraq War, disastrous trade agreements like NAFTA, and the Wall Street bailout.
 Multiracial, multiethnic, multigenerational leadership is what our movement is all about. Over the weekend, we welcome…
"He was consistent when he marched with King. He was consistent when he met me in Canton, Mississippi… fighting for Nissan workers. He was consistent when he put forth a vision of what we must fight for.”  
I thank the for their support. Together, we’re going to build a multiracial, multigenerational grassroots movement to sweep Donald Trump out of the White House and transform this country so it works for all of us. 
We are capable of making sweeping change if we have the courage to do it.
 Which candidate am I for?The one who supported Jesse Jackson in ‘84 and ‘88The one who was a leader of CORE and a frien…
 Thank you so much   
If you know people in Idaho, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, North Dakota, or Washington, use the BERN app to send them a reminder to vote Tuesday! 
Today has been a very moving day. Earlier we were with Rev. Jesse Jackson. Tonight we are with Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. We are seeing the arc of justice that Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. talked about. 
The major impediment to progress is not just a very powerful ruling class. The major impediment to progress is the limitations of our own imaginations. 
The only way we win is when millions of people together stand up for justice. Michigan, make sure your friends and neighbors vote this Tuesday! Live now from Ann Arbor with and 
Thank you Together, we will build a nation that is based on love and justice, not greed and hatred. 
Once a vaccine for coronavirus is developed, it should be free.
 Spotted Lori Parks, the niece of civil rights legend Rosa Parks at a Bernie Sanders canvass launch in Detroit. When I than…
Today is a special day for our campaign. Rev. Jesse Jackson is one of the most transformative figures in modern American history and a hero of mine. It is one of the honors of my life to have his support. 
 We look to our youth for energy, expansion and inclusion which leads to growth. The youth that come to these rallies repr…
Michigan, let's win this together on Tuesday! Make sure you know where your polling place is by checking here:  
Women in the America and across the world not only deserve full gender equality, but also racial justice, economic justice, social justice and environmental justice. Today and every day we must carry on that fight. 
“I stand with Bernie Sanders today because he stood with me. I stand with him because he never lost his taste for justice with the people. I stand with him because he stands with you.” –Rev. Jesse Jackson 
It is one of the honors of my life to be supported by Rev. Jesse Jackson, a hero to me who has put his life on the line for 50 years fighting for justice.Together, we can, we must and we will defeat the most dangerous president in the history of this country. 
 On International Women’s Day, I call on us all to stand for a future that grants women and girls true freedom, dignity, a…
The only way we will defeat Trump in November is by bringing in people who have given up on the the political process. We have the movement and agenda to do that. Live now from Grand Rapids with Rev. Jesse Jackson: 
Ann Arbor! Join me and at our rally tonight and help us show the billionaire class and corporate elite that our movement is ready to take them on. Doors open at 4:30 p.m. RSVP here:  
“The values that Bernie is preaching, the values that Bernie is advocating for coincide with the same values that Arab Americans are asking for."  
 JUST IN: Sen. Bernie Sanders tells that civil rights activist Jesse Jackson will endorse him later today."We ha…
 Ann Arbor, let’s do this! 🇺🇸🗳 
Do you believe in making health care a right to all people and ensuring a livable planet for all? So do millions of people across the country. Help us make sure they're voting: 
 Rising for a Global Feminist Future with the Movement to Elect baby 
Tonight, I want to address the African American community and make clear my differences with Joe Biden. Join me live in Flint, Michigan. 
Joe Biden thinks our ideas are "pie in the sky."We are fighting to make health care a right like every other major country, to protect the planet, to ensure justice and dignity for all.That's not "pie in the sky." That's what Americans deserve. 
There has been no time in the history of this country when women, especially Black women, have had the reproductive freedom and justice that they deserve.In my administration, that will finally change.Read our plan here: 
We remember and honor the civil rights activists in Selma who marched for voting rights 55 years ago. It’s disgraceful that voter suppression continues today, but we won’t give up until the right to vote is protected for all. 
To our supporters all over the globe, you have until March 10 at midnight PT, to vote in the Democrats Abroad  Learn how to register and cast your ballot here: 
My years here in Chicago significantly shaped my life. It is where I became involved in the civil rights movement, the labor movement and the peace movement. That is the struggle we carry on today. Live from Grant Park: 
Our system of mass incarceration is racist and must end. In Mississippi prisons there have been 24 deaths in 67 days, overcrowding, medical neglect and inhumane conditions. I stand with the incarcerated, their families and the MS Prison Reform Coalition. 
Rejoining the Paris Agreement isn't enough. Scientists say we must act immediately to end our dependence on fossil fuels and avoid climate catastrophe.Our Green New Deal, which will create 20 million jobs, is the only plan in this race bold enough to address this crisis. 
 I am inspired by the possibility of having a President that fully understands that our country has a poverty crisis. Mi…
 district in Michigan is the third-poorest in America.The bottom line: in the richest country on Earth, no one should struggle to get food or clean water or decent housing.Together we'll build a nation based on dignity for all. 
In 2007, Joe Biden appeared on Meet the Press to say that Social Security and Medicare cuts should be “on the table." 8/8 
In 2007, NBC reported that as president, Joe Biden’s Social Security plans "would include discussing options such as upping the retirement age.” 7/8 
In 1996, Joe Biden floated the idea of reducing Social Security benefits through an early version of chained CPI. 6/8 
In the mid 1990s, Joe Biden was criticized by seniors’ groups for supporting balanced budget amendments that would cut Social Security. 5/8 
In 1995, I was on the House floor fighting the GOP’s efforts to cut Social Security. 5 days later, Joe Biden gave a speech in the Senate bragging about his work with the GOP to try to freeze funding for Social Security. 4/8 
In 1984, Joe Biden first pushed to freeze funding for Social Security — which would end up cutting Social Security benefits. 3/8 
In 1983, Biden pushed to raise the Social Security retirement age. 2/8 
Joe Biden claims in a new ad that he has always protected Social Security. That’s patently false. He can’t hide 40 years of working with Republicans to cut Social Security. Here are the facts. 1/8 
Two years after Roe v. Wade was decided Joe Biden said: "I don’t like the Supreme Court decision on abortion. I think it went too far. I don’t think that a woman has the sole right to say what should happen to her body." 
 This alone makes my heart full. Thank you for coming to the neighborhood my sity Shama settled in when she…
To those who want to divide us: No, we’re not going to hate Muslims. No, we’re not going to hate Latinos. We are going to stand together. Live from Dearborn, Michigan: 
"Only one candidate for president has consistently opposed every disastrous trade deal. And that candidate is Bernie Sanders." 
In the richest country in the history of the world, it is an outrage that we do not guarantee paid leave for everyone. We cannot let the greed of corporations risk the public health of our community. I stand with gig workers who are demanding paid sick time. 
You can’t change a corrupt system by taking its money. Our campaign is proudly by the working class and I will be a president for the working class. Live from Detroit with Rep. Dr. and more: 
The American people are sick and tired of endless wars in the Middle East which have cost hundreds of thousands of lives and trillions of dollars. We will not defeat Trump with a candidate like Joe Biden who supported and voted for the Iraq War alongside Republicans.
Joe Biden voted for NAFTA. He voted for PNTR with China. That is not the kind of record that will defeat Trump. Join us live now from our roundtable in Detroit with workers affected by these disastrous trade agreements: 
 Bernie’s strong record on trade, his exemplary performance with Latino voters, and his overwhelming support among folks making &lt;$4…
Young people: this is your election.You have the chance to transform this country.Vote!
The best way to increase turnout for our campaign is by reminding your friends to vote. If you know people in Idaho, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, North Dakota, or Washington, use the BERN app today and get them out to vote: 
 must accept responsibility for his surrogate telling our campaign co-chair Senator that she doesn't have standing to invoke the words of Dr. King. That is unacceptable and Joe must apologize to Nina and all the people of color supporting our campaign.
This is the most important election of our lifetimes. We will not defeat Donald Trump in November with a candidate who has repeatedly advocated for cuts to Social Security. 
We are building a multigenerational, multiracial movement — Black, white, Latino, Native American, Asian American — all coming together and demanding an economy that works for all, not just a few. Get involved today: 
 The time to fight back is now. I'm endorsing because  the only way we win is if we all fight for someone we…
As someone whose family was wiped out by Hitler and as an American, to have in this country somebody bringing forth the most detestable symbol in modern history is unspeakable. 
On many difficult votes, whether it was Iraq, whether it was DOMA, whether it was Don’t Ask Don't Tell, I was on the right side of history, and Joe Biden was not. 
 We are endorsing for President because Idaho needs Climate Justice and the Green New Deal. Bernie isn’t ju…
“We can’t measure society’s health on GDP alone or how well the richest among us are doing. The true health of a society has to be measured by how well we take care of the least fortunate among us.”  
I'm speaking to the media before heading to Michigan for a big rally in Detroit. Join us live: 
While Americans continue to pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs, the top 10 health cares CEOs made over $300 million in compensation last year.Outrageous.We will end the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and pass Medicare for All. 
“We are painfully aware of the intense crisis we are in and use our voice to hold truth to power. That is exactly what Bernie’s entire campaign is about.” 
 Who should debate Trump on trade?❌ killed jobs in Michigan and supercharged the climate crisis 
It would make the private insurance companies very, very angry if you retweeted this. 
 Biden voted for the Iraq WarBernie vociferously advocated against itBiden voted to reduce increases in Social SecurityBern…
I'm honored to have the support of I've proudly stood with veterans my entire career, including serving as chairman of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee. We must end our endless wars and take care of the veterans who have served our country. 
Workers should never have to choose between feeding their families and paying for their health insurance. I'm proud to stand with the members of Local 337 who are on strike, and call on Sygma to stop intimidating workers. 
We have 8.7 million contributions from nearly 2 million people. We don't host fancy fundraisers or have a super PAC. This campaign is funded differently because we're on the side of working people. 
What the billionaire class and corporate elite want you to think is that we simply can't win. Do not enter that world of despair. If we stand together, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish. 
 Our very own social justice fighter, Detroit's Speaker Pro Tem, ; the brilliant Dr. will be…
When legislation came up some years ago determining whether our gay brothers and sisters could be open about their sexual orientation and serve in the military, I said yes.Joe Biden said no.
I want to applaud for a strong, issue-oriented campaign. Tonight, we invite her supporters into our campaign to fight with us on many of the same issues. 
This campaign is about standing with working people, not with Wall Street, fossil fuel companies and the health insurance industry. Join us live in Phoenix! 
Get real, Joe. One of us has a history of not only fighting cuts to Social Security but working to expand benefits. And that’s why we are the campaign best positioned to defeat Donald Trump. 
The next primaries are on Tuesday. We need all hands on deck to make sure we win this primary. Can you make calls to voters right now? 
 On the Democratic side, there's one candidate who has historically been open to Trump's line of thinking and then there's Bern…
Here's the deal: Joe Biden has repeatedly advocated for cuts to Social Security. I've fought my whole career to protect and expand it. 
“As Latinos, I really feel like it’s our election. I’m sick and tired of feeling like a second-class citizen. This is why this is our moment in history right now. We have a second chance to use our voices... to support Bernie Sanders’ message.”  
The question in this election is simple: which side are you on?The side of Wall Street or working people? 
I would be very proud to be the first Jewish president. Together, we will counter the hatred and bigotry of the Trump administration. Thank you for standing with us. 
Thank you, Together, we are going to make health care a right to all our people like every other major country on Earth, and end the disgrace of an inhumane, profit-driven health care system. 
 Those friends who care about unity and about stopping the madness of Trump and his Administration, I am urging you to sto…
Everyone deserves the dignity of a $15 minimum wage and a union. I stand with as they fight for this in Virginia and across the country. 
"This isn't merely about winning — it's about taking on a system that has left so many people behind. Bernie Sanders understands this, and has long understood this, which is why he gets our vote on Tuesday."Thank you 
As the coronavirus spreads, we need emergency funding for response agencies, increased hospital capacity, and we must care for our most vulnerable.Donald Trump must stop spreading lies and fear, and put scientists and health professionals in charge. 
"This is no ordinary campaign. This is a movement that has a spiritual and moral coming together." -Dr. 
Sen. Warren has run an extraordinary campaign of ideas – demanding that the wealthy pay their fair share, ending corruption in Washington, guaranteeing health care for all, addressing climate change, tackling the student debt crisis and vigorously protecting women's rights.
 has taken on the most powerful corporate interests because she cares about those who have been left behind. Without her, the progressive movement would not be nearly as strong as it is today. I know that she'll stay in this fight and we are grateful that she will.
I have every reason to believe that we’re going to win this primary and that we are the campaign to defeat Donald Trump.
Damn right we are. 
 Big news! The Arab American Political Action Committee (AAPAC) tonight voted unanimously to endorse Democratic Presiden…
 Yes! What he said! 
I stand with in calling on to demand that create an environment at their stores where workers can live with dignity, fair treatment and fair pay. 
No, Joe. The "establishment" are the 60 billionaires who are funding your campaign and the corporate-funded super PACs that are spending millions on negative ads attacking me. 
Working people aren't struggling to afford health care, prescription drugs, and higher education because of bad luck.Our government and our economy are rigged in favor of the wealthy.We need an economy that works for working people, not just the 1% and huge corporations.
I’ll be joining tonight on Tune in at 9 p.m. ET. 
This campaign is about asking one fundamental question: Which side are you on?Are you on the side of the drug companies, the health insurance industry and the fossil fuel industry?Or are you on the side of the working families of this country? 
Following our big wins on Super Tuesday, join us live for a reaction to results and an update on how we will win the nomination. 
While Republican leaders go on and on about "voter fraud," what we really have is a crisis of voter suppression.Our administration will do everything possible to make it easier to vote.That includes restoring the Voting Rights Act and enacting automatic voter registration. 
Tens of thousands of Americans die each year because they don't have health insurance.Hundreds of thousands go bankrupt because of medical bills.The status quo is unacceptable. Half measures are not enough.We need Medicare for All now.
This campaign is different. We have received 8.7 million contributions from over 1.9 million donors.We don't hold high-dollar fundraisers. We don't have a super PAC spending millions of dollars on TV ads. We don't have a single billionaire donor.We have the people.
You cannot beat Trump with the same old, same old kind of politics. What we need is a new politics that brings working class people and young people into our political movement.
 Thank you for your work
 Thank you for your work
I'm proud to have fought my entire career against cuts to Social Security. Joe Biden cannot say the same. 
Thank you California! You showed that Americans are ready for a government and economy that works for all of us, not just the 1%. Let's go forward together. 
If you’re in line to vote, stay in line! 
Thank you Utah! 
 Thank you to
We're still calling voters in California. Get on the phone lines right now and make sure that people get to the polls in time!  
Thank you Colorado! 
California! Polls are closing soon. Make sure you get there in time. If you're in line when polls close, you can vote. Find your polling location here:  
 Thank you for your work
 Thank you
 Thank you
 Thank you
Every vote matters. If you’re in line at the polls, stay in line! 
Polls are still open in many states! Find your polling place at  and make your voice heard. Live now from Vermont, our rally with The Mallett Brothers Band and Jon Fishman and Mike Gordon: 
Utah! You have TWO HOURS left until polls close at 8 p.m. MT. If you’re in line when the polls close, you can vote. Find your polling place here:  
 
 Feel the Bern!  
Polls are still open in many states! Find your polling place at  and make your voice heard. Live now from Vermont, our rally with The Mallett Brothers Band and Jon Fishman and Mike Gordon: 
Thank you Vermont! It is an honor to be your senator. Let's go forward and transform the country together. 
 BREAKING: Some Tennessee polls will be open later tonight.  🗳️Polls open until 8 p.m. at all Davidson County locations 🗳️Five…
Arkansas, Colorado, Minnesota and Texas—your polls are closing in the next few hours. Be sure to get there in time, and if you’re in line when the polls close, stay in line. Check your polling location and hours here:  
This campaign is doing something different. We are building a movement of working people, by working people, and for working people. Let's win this together. 
Alabama, Maine, Massachusetts, Oklahoma and Tennessee! You have TWO HOURS left until polls close at 7 p.m. CT/8 p.m. ET. If you're in line when the polls close, you can vote. Find your polling place here:  
North Carolina! You have TWO HOURS left until polls close at 7:30 p.m. ET. If you’re in line when the polls close, you can vote. Find your polling place here:  
Virginia and Vermont! You have TWO HOURS left until polls close at 7 p.m. ET. If you’re in line when the polls close, you can vote. Find your polling place here:  
"So much of the power and the wealth and the resources are hoarded by a select few who then make all the decisions for everybody else. Bernie is really the only candidate who seems to understand that, and who wants to upend that structure completely.”  
The most common donors to our campaign are not Wall Street bankers or pharma executives.The most common donors to our campaign are teachers and workers at Walmart, Starbucks, USPS, Target and Amazon.That's what kind of movement this is. 
Today 14 states and American Samoa are voting. If you know people in AL, AR, AS, CA, CO, MA, ME, MN, NC, OK, TN, TX, UT, VA or VT, download the BERN app and use it talk to them about voting for Bernie. 
 Democrats, don’t be defined by the negative of what is “impossible.”Define yourself by the possibility of what is imagin…
How would your life change if, like millions of people in major countries around the world, you didn’t have to worry about the cost of seeing a doctor?
 We have no choice left but to hope.They'll call us crazy and call us naive but we know there's something better waiting…
We got at least two votes in Vermont. Find your polling place and make sure we get a few more:   
 Last week our 8 yo asked why we were supporting Bernie.When we got to the part about the Green New Deal ; saving our pl…
Last night’s tragedy in Nashville is devastating. Our hearts go out to the victims and their loved ones. The federal government must do everything it can to provide aid and resources to help the city rebuild. 
Thank you I'm proud to stand with you in the fight for justice and dignity for all. 
The billionaire class wants us to lose.The drug industry wants us to lose.The military-industrial complex wants us to lose.Private insurance companies want us to lose.Wall Street wants us to lose.But when people stand together and vote, we will win. 
 Come on people! Today's the day. If you're voting bring at least 3 people with you ; retweet  over and…
 Last night I joined dozens of excited ; energized  volunteers in North Carolina to cover some turf ; make s…
If you want us to win big today, get on the phones right now. We need you to call voters in Super Tuesday states and get out the vote!  
   today for freedom, equity, equality, peace, and justice. It’s in your hands.  
 Today, we face a critical moment.We can accept a status quo that works for the wealthy ; powerful.Or we can move forward…
Of the states voting today, these states have same-day voter registration:✅California✅Colorado✅Maine✅Minnesota✅Utah✅VermontIf you’re not registered already you can register at the polls. Find your polling place below.  
  
  we will:🙌🏾 Pass  Cancel ALL student debt🙌🏽 Make public college free🙌🏼 Hold corporatio…
 What happens in America doesn’t stay in America. The whole world is crying out for kinder and more inclusive leadership.If yo…
  we will elect Bernie Sanders.  we will change the world. 
  we will make the next President of the United States! 
  we can win this primary we can defeat Donald Trump we c…
 we can have Medicare for All. we can have a Green New Deal. we can have justice for all. we can win. 
If you can vote, show up today for those who can't—The disenfranchised, who deserve their rights restored. The undocumented, who deserve a path to citizenship.Our kids, who deserve a healthy and habitable planet.
 What do they call doing the same thing over and over again,; expecting different results?If we do not run a strong, progressive…
 It’s Super Tuesday!If you vote today in:🗳️ AL🗳️ AR🗳️ CA🗳️ CO🗳️ MA🗳️ ME🗳️ MN🗳️ NC🗳️ OK🗳️ TN🗳️ TX🗳️ UT🗳️ VA🗳️ VTK…
It’s Super Tuesday and polls are open! Find your polling place and its hours here:   
 Wow St. Paul. Coming out for the last  rally before Super Tuesday.  
 is right. Despite what the political establishment wants you to think, running a campaign of, by, and for the people isn’t a weakness — it’s our greatest strength. Together, we can prove it tomorrow. 
I am proud to be endorsed by Together, we will fight for working people across Texas and the country and build a powerful multiracial, multigenerational movement to achieve justice for all. 
 Today endorses Bernie Sanders ; the promise ; possibility of his movement campaign. 'Whether you call him a d…
We need a new vision for America — a vision that tells the corporate elite and the 1% that this country belongs to all of us, not just a handful of billionaires.
Joe Biden has received contributions from more than 60 billionaires. Does anybody think that we're going to bring about the change that we need when you are indebted to 60 billionaires? 
In Lowndes County, Alabama, raw sewage drains into Pamela Rush's backyard. Her children are exposed to mold and she still owes $15,000 on her mobile home.We are going to fight the systemic injustices that trap millions of people like Pamela in poverty. 
Let's win big tomorrow! Chip in right now at  
 We're going back to what humanity is actually about.Building up a movement to win a  means building up our…
Thank you Together we'll stand up to the fossil fuel industry, pass a Green New Deal and ensure a planet that's healthy and habitable for our kids and grandkids. 
Los Angeles! Voting centers are open now. You can vote any time now through 8 p.m. tomorrow. Find out where to cast your ballot here: 
 All eyes are on Virginia tomorrow.As someone who fled war and grew up undocumented, there is only one candidate I trust…
Every vote matters tomorrow. Find your polling location at  and bring your friends and family with you. Join our rally now from St. Paul with Rep. and ; the Night Sweats. 
When you mark "Bernie Sanders" on your ballot, you're not just voting for me.You're voting to fight for millions of working people who deserve decent wages, health care, a habitable planet, and a safe home.You are voting for a powerful movement that will beat Donald Trump.
It is unacceptable that our students are attending schools that don’t meet basic health and safety standards. The Proposition 13 School Safety Bond will ensure that all California students learn in safe schools that support their healthy growth. I urge Californians to vote yes.
Are you willing to fight for someone you don't know as much as you're willing to fight for yourself? 
You can find your polling place and its hours here: 
If you live in:➡️Alabama➡️American Samoa➡️Arkansas➡️California➡️Colorado➡️Maine➡️Massachusetts➡️Minnesota➡️North Carolina➡️Oklahoma➡️Tennessee➡️Texas➡️Utah➡️Vermont➡️Virginia...please turn out to vote tomorrow. The only way we win is together. 
Calling voters or knocking on doors may be a little uncomfortable. That's okay. Getting involved in the political process is not easy. But we need you to step up and help if we're going to win the primary and defeat Trump. I cannot do it alone.
I do not believe we will defeat Donald Trump with a candidate like Joe Biden who supported the Iraq War. 
It's an honor to be endorsed by the Yemeni American News. We're building a movement in Michigan and across the country that brings Arab-American communities, and people of all backgrounds, together around a political system rooted in human rights for all.
I want to congratulate for running a strong, issues oriented campaign. I hope her supporters will join us in our fight to defeat Donald Trump in November and win real change.
This movement is about people exercising their power. If you live in a Super Tuesday state, I hope you show up to the polls tomorrow and make your voice heard. Join us live now from our rally in Salt Lake City: 
Crystal Mason was arrested and thrown in jail for casting a provisional ballot.We have a crisis of racist voter suppression.Together, we will fight back and protect the right to vote for all. 
I’m proud to have the support of and its grassroots members, who know that real change never comes from the top on down but from the bottom on up. Together, we will build a movement that sweeps Donald Trump out of the White House and transforms this country. 
I am honored to have the endorsement of  Together, we will make transformative investments in our children, our educators, and our schools. 
What we are proving on this campaign is that one does not need to beg the wealthy and the powerful for campaign contributions to win elections. We are proving that we are far more powerful than the 1 percent have ever imagined.
If we're going to win, we need you to reach out to people you know and make sure they turn out to vote. Your friends could make the difference for our campaign on Super Tuesday. Use BERN to send them their polling locations: 
Right now, the charter industry is working overtime to buy the local school board race in Los Angeles in an attempt to privatize public schools. I stand with in their fight against privatization and for more investment in public schools. 
In November Donald Trump is going to learn we are a democracy, not an autocracy, because we’re going to vote him out of office.
 Teachers in Utah and the are fighting for decent wages, adequate classroom supplies—and as the state ranks…
 The streams of struggle for dignity and equality are converging.At this moment, in this place, in our campaign for a more j…
This is our moment to create real change for our country. Get out to vote this Tuesday and help us finish what we started. Live now from Los Angeles with Public Enemy Radio: 
I want to congratulate for running a strong and historic campaign, and to welcome all of his supporters into our movement. I urge them to join us in the fight for real change in this country.
If your state votes Tuesday, show up to vote for a Green New Deal. Vote to make health care a right. Vote to abolish cash bail. Vote to cancel all student debt. Vote for universal free child care. Vote for disability rights.Together, that's what we will accomplish.
We will not defeat Trump with a candidate like Joe Biden who voted for the Iraq War, tried to cut Social Security and supported NAFTA. 
In poll after poll after poll we beat Trump. Chip in now at  to keep powering this movement all the way to November. 
This Tuesday may be the most important day of the primary, and we need everyone involved. Sign up to make phone calls, knock doors and remind your friends to vote at  Join me in San Jose, CA: 
Our incredible volunteers across the country put us in a position to win. Now we need to get out the vote. So I am asking: can you get on the phone lines and make as many calls as possible to voters before Super Tuesday? 
We are a multigenerational movement.We are a multiracial movement.We are a movement of millions of people who are sick and tired of grotesque income and wealth inequality.We are a movement of millions of people demanding social, racial, economic and environmental justice.
When we have 500,000+ people in America sleeping out on the street and our people can't afford health care, we've got to invest in this country, not in endless wars.
Our message to young people:If you can't afford to go to college or are deeply in debt, join us.If you're worried about climate change, join us.If you're earning less money than the previous generation and think you deserve a decent standard of living, join us. 
No campaign out there has a stronger grassroots movement than we do. That's how you beat Trump.
 BIDEN’S CASH: slams fundraising efforts: "I don't go into rich people's homes like Joe Biden"…
The next few days are absolutely crucial for our campaign. If you want us to win, you must get involved—and bring your friends and family with you. Sign up to volunteer ahead of Super Tuesday no matter where you live: 
Our campaign has now received 8.7 million contributions—surpassing the number of contributions during our entire 2016 campaign. This is our time. Let's win this together and create a government that works for all.
You know why the billionaire class and political establishment are getting nervous?We just raised $46.5 million in February.Our average donation: just $21.Our top donor occupation: teachers.When working people stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish.
I'm honored to receive the endorsement of Black scholars and educators who are fighting for justice and freedom for Black Americans. Together, we will work to end racism in all its forms and achieve racial and economic justice for all. 
 ¡Nuestra Futuro, Nuestra Lucha! We’re out here in the Central Valley, crisscrossing California to Get Out the Vote for…
 “Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go th…
I am once again asking for your financial support.We have about an hour left before our last FEC deadline before Super Tuesday.Let's send a powerful message to the billionaire class that we're ready to take them on. 
 SUNDAY: Ahead of Super Tuesday, we talk the latest on the campaign trail with Our other guests ➡️ 
Thank you for running a campaign to bring the crisis of climate change to the forefront of our national conversation. I look forward to working together to defeat Donald Trump in November.
I want to congratulate Joe Biden on his victory tonight.I believe very strongly that the people of this country—on Super Tuesday and after—will support us because we are more than a campaign. We are a movement.Chip in tonight to help us go forward: 
Our big FEC deadline is less than four hours away. Chip in before midnight at  
Together, we can win this primary, defeat Donald Trump, and put power back in the hands of working people. Join us live in Norfolk, VA: 
 Coronavirus shows the importance of Medicare for All.In a pandemic, you don't want people avoiding getting…
The struggle for civil rights is the struggle of a lifetime. Our time to stand up and fight is now. That's what this movement is about. 
Join our movement for justice. Chip in any amount at  right now. 
Our movement is powerful because the only way we are funding this campaign is from lots of people making small donations. Chip in before the deadline tonight at  and join us live in Springfield, VA: 
This is it. South Carolina is voting today, and our final FEC deadline before Super Tuesday is at midnight tonight. Please contribute any amount and help put us in a position to win big these next few days. 
 our  team is CURRENTLY knocking one door per second. let's go!!
"Every person having one vote — that's the idea of democracy and Bernie represents that, giving the power of the vote back to the people."  of The Strokes 
We can win the nomination but I cannot do it without you. The polls are currently open in South Carolina. Can you make calls to voters right now? 
“It’s just a great joy to be with by dear brother Bernie Sanders who is an exemplar of the longevity of integrity, the longevity of consistency when it comes to poor and working people.” –Dr. 
I’m getting a little bit nervous about the size of crowds! 
Tonight, we have a major FEC deadline at midnight. Super Tuesday is in just three days. Now more than ever we need your support. Chip in at  
 California! There are 3 days of voting remaining! Roughly 20% of Vote by Mail ballots have been returned statewide. Let’s bump…
Our movement is about more than electing a president. It is about democracy versus oligarchy. Millions of us are standing up to tell the billionaire class they cannot have it all. Live from Boston: 
 I was proud to tour HBCUS with the campaign and we have more work to do! 
South Carolina, today is your day to get out and vote! Let's win together and build a nation based on justice.Call our hotline at 803-851-4166, DM on Twitter, or email us at southcarolin if you need help.Find your polling place here:  
 Touring HBCUs with this campaign has been one of the highlights of this experience. Student debt shouldn’t be the bigges…
Why does this president repeatedly think that scientific facts are hoaxes? This is the most dangerous president in the modern history of our country. He is putting our people’s lives at risk. He must be defeated. 
To beat Donald Trump we need a campaign of energy and excitement. I do not believe Joe Biden has that campaign. 
When we say we are going to make higher education accessible to all, that means substantially investing in HBCUs and making them tuition-free. 
When only 1 in 3 African Americans who need mental health care receives it, it’s critical that we have the leadership of advocates like I’m proud to receive her support and look forward to working with her to bring mental health care to all. 
Our last FEC deadline before Super Tuesday is TOMORROW. If you donate any amount right now, not only will you be helping our campaign at a critical time, but we’ll also send you the exclusive poster for our Los Angeles rally on Sunday: 
When we care about each other, when we create what Dr. King called a community of love, we become better human beings. Our movement of love and justice will defeat Trump’s hate and greed. Live from Springfield, MA: 
This is disgraceful. All workers deserve the right to bargain and strike for better wages and benefits. To Janet Napolitano and stop this outrageous union busting and negotiate in good faith. 
The South Carolina primary is tomorrow and Super Tuesday is in four days. The only way we'll win is together. Can you help make calls to voters tonight? 
 Marching for Bernie! Thank you UCSB for the amazing turnout!    
Mayor is a strong advocate for progressive change and deeply dedicated to justice and community empowerment. I'm honored to receive this endorsement. Together, we'll build a movement all across this country for justice for all. 
This campaign is not just about me.It's about building a new generation of voters, activists and leaders everywhere.That's how we win California, that's how we win the primary, that's how we beat Trump, that's how we transform the country. 
I'm honored to receive the support of the members of who are under attack from a climate change-denying president. Together, we will lead the fight against the global emergency of climate change and protect the future of our planet for our children and grandchildren. 
 I was honored to chat with  on our flight down to Columbia, SC. I told him ⁦ campaign was inspi…
 We outside in SC with the OG today 
No patient should be sued, go into debt or go bankrupt for the "crime" of getting sick. We must remove the greed from our corporate health care system, pass Medicare for All and eliminate outstanding medical debt. 
Our number one job is to defeat the most corrupt and dangerous president in history, and we are putting together the multiracial, multigenerational coalition to beat him. Join us in Columbia, SC: 
 Watch this video!!So proud of my friend We’ve been on the front lines of the fight against  since…
Young people fighting for change gives me hope. Together we are going to build a nation and a planet that future generations will be proud of. 
Thank you for your support. Together, we will undo Trump's racist immigration policies.
 I'm with Tio 2020Join the movement  
Trump is showing himself to be a petty, vindictive, and easily distracted president.We need better leadership—someone who understands the enormous responsibility that holding public office in times of crisis requires. We will defeat Trump and reorder our nation's priorities.
It’s pathetic and unacceptable that, while reports of coronavirus infection continue to grow and economic concerns rise, Donald Trump is flying around playing his own political game, traveling to South Carolina in an attempt to disrupt the Democratic primary.
 Wow! Incredible rally in Nashville on Wednesday at the with nearly 600 friends ready to elect
"We truly are the last generation that will get to avert the greatest impacts of this crisis. This our time."Vote for a Green New Deal. 
The billionaire class and special interests may have the money, but we have the people. And that is much more powerful. Join us from a canvass launch in Aiken, South Carolina: 
No one in South Carolina or anywhere else in America should worry about whether they will have clean water when they turn on the tap.With the Green New Deal, we will ensure clean water is a right. 
Listen to and help us reach our goals before the FEC deadline on Saturday so that we're ready to take on the billionaire class. Chip in here:  
The ability to see a doctor when you are sick should not be a luxury for those who can afford it. It should be a guaranteed right for all.
When we fight, we win. Donate any amount to get this new Fight The Power poster to commemorate our upcoming pre-Super Tuesday rally with Public Enemy Radio on Sunday. 
I believe in democracy. That means one person, one. vote, not billionaires buying elections. Together we will restore our vibrant democracy and create a government that works for all. Join us live in Spartanburg, SC: 
 I’m grateful to Ashley Canady for her incredible work in Durham and to and for giving our resid…
Joe Biden says funding community health centers was "one of the crowning achievements" of Obamacare. Couldn't agree more. I was proud to work with Rep. Clyburn to secure that funding. 
I stand with the McDougald Terrace community in their fight for safe living conditions.Together, we'll enact the Green New Deal for Public Housing to ensure that public housing residents in Durham and across America live in safe homes.Together, we'll enact a homes guarantee. 
We need affordable housing for all instead of more gentrifying luxury developments for the few. I stand with the longtime residents of East Boston fighting displacement from the communities they have spent generations building. 
We’re just two days away from the final FEC deadline before Super Tuesday. We need another 250,000 individual donations before Saturday to hit our goal. Can you make a donation to help us get there? 
This is our time to build a nation based on racial, social, economic and environmental justice. If we stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. Join us live in Richmond, Virginia: 
We don’t need billionaires to win this election.We’ve got something better.We’ve got the people.
I stand with the 2,000 nurses at fighting to form a union with I say to one of the most profitable hospital corporations in the country: treat your nurses with respect and dignity, and refrain from union busting. 
 On this campaign if there is an early vote location .5 miles from a rally, we march to it. (The AMs rally in Winston-Sale…
What our movement is about is carrying forth Martin Luther King Jr.'s struggle and, together, finally achieving justice and dignity for all of our people. 
We're here in North Carolina to send a powerful message to the billionaire class: You cannot have it all. We will defeat Donald Trump and create an economy that works for all of us. Live in Winston-Salem: 
When we stand together and fight for justice, we win. Chip in any amount to get this sticker: 
 Richmond, I'm opening for at his rally today along with - doors at 2 at the Arthur Ashe Center htt…
 Tonight! Hear from Monica Smith, member leader at the Bellagio, who led the historic victory on the Vegas Strip!Union me…
I am honored to have the endorsement of Together, with unions like we will expand the trade union movement and put power in the hands of the working class. 
 You hear a lot about our community on TV.You hear about us, but you never really hear from us.We‘re the border.And w…
What does the future look like if we do not get our act together?Look at Australia burning before our eyes.Look at the unprecedented wildfires in California.Look at the increasing number of climate refugees around the world.A Green New Deal is our moral responsibility.
"I trust him to fight for all of us in spite of it being hard."  
We need a vaccine that is available to all, not just those who can afford it.Let me be clear: it has never been more important to finally guarantee health care as a human right by passing Medicare for All. 3/3
Today, HHS Secretary Alex Azar wouldn't guarantee that a coronavirus vaccine would be affordable to all.Under the Trump doctrine, if you're wealthy you can buy a vaccine, but if you're poor or working class you may get sick or even die.That is outrageous and unacceptable. 2/3
I am deeply concerned not just by the rise of cases of coronavirus worldwide, but by the inadequate and incompetent response we have seen from Donald Trump and his administration. 1/3
 In North Carolina at church with having a discussion about poverty in America. Lifting up the w…
The South Carolina primary is in three days.Super Tuesday is in six days.Now is the time to do everything we can to win.Join me tonight at 9:15 pm ET for a national volunteer call and learn how you can get involved:  
We're building a multiracial, multigenerational movement for real change, and that is how we are going to defeat Donald Trump. 
Congratulations to for coming together to form a union in your workplace. and their members know that real change comes from the grassroots, and we look forward to working with all of you to defeat Donald Trump. 
Trump called the press the "enemy of the people." Now—taking a page from his dictator friends—he's trying to dismantle the First Amendment right to a free press. In November we will defeat him, restore the rule of law, and protect our constitutional rights. 
When we win the primary and defeat Trump, we’re not cutting Social Security. We’re expanding Social Security — whether billionaires like it or not. 
The billionaire class has never had it so good. It's time for an economy and a government that work for working people so that all Americans can live in dignity. Join us live in Myrtle Beach: 
Over 200 million Muslims call India home. Widespread anti-Muslim mob violence has killed at least 27 and injured many more. Trump responds by saying, "That's up to India." This is a failure of leadership on human rights.
The fights for climate justice and workers' rights are linked, and I'm proud to support the janitors of and the leaders of as they strike together this Thursday. 
I don't think it's radical to say schoolchildren should not have "lunch debt." If we can give tax breaks to billionaires we can guarantee free, universal school meals to all our kids.
 I'm privileged to be in conversation with ; about Black feminism ;
I'm asking you to join this movement not just to support me.I'm asking you to join this movement to stand with those who can't afford health insurance, with the 500,000 people who sleep on the streets, with the children who deserve to live on a healthy and habitable planet.
It is an honor to receive the endorsement of who have been dedicated to keeping FDR’s progressive ideals alive since its founding in 1947. Together we will defeat Donald Trump with a coalition of working class Americans. 
Criminal justice reform. Health care as a right. A living wage. Free, universal child care. Tuition-free higher education. These are not radical ideas. They're what the American people want. Live in North Charleston: 
If we bring together working people everywhere, we will create a nation where ALL people have a good standard of living. 
I’m honored to join this morning. National Action Network is at the forefront of the fight against racism and for social justice, and together we will defeat the most dangerous president in history. 
  spoke to hopes of Black, Brown, white working folks in room tonight ; around the nation. Universal heal…
I will never stop fighting for justice for all people. Chip in any amount to get this sticker: 
A disgrace. 
My opponents would like you to think the ideas that we're talking about are radical. They're not. They're what the American people want.  
"I said this to President Castro in Cuba. Look you've made great progress in educating young people...Medical care. The life expectancy of Cubans is equivalent to the United States despite it being a very poor country because they have access to health care." – President Obama 
  is right:The climate crisis is our greatest national security threat.Let’s treat it like one, and mobi…
We are going to legalize marijuana on day one of my presidency.  
If you believe in a government that works for all of us, not just Mike Bloomberg, Donald Trump and other billionaires, chip into our campaign now.  
Our campaign is about changing American priorities.  
Instead of giving tax breaks to billionaires we're going to have high-quality, universal child care for every child in this country. 
Mayor Bloomberg has a solid and strong and enthusiastic base of support. Problem is, they're all billionaires. 
30 years ago I likely lost a race for Congress because I supported a ban on assault weapons. We need to do what the American people want, not what the NRA wants.  
Check the polls,  
 Sanders once again asked how he'd pay for his proposals. The real question is how much America will save by adopting his propo…
 At every  has been asked at least one question about how he would pay for our progressive po…
Medicare for All will save tens of thousands of lives and hundreds of billions of dollars every year. Read here about how we pay for it: 
 As the guy who actually ended the Stop + Frisk policy + settled the lawsuit + sent Bloomberg’s police commissioner packin…
Unlike Mr. Bloomberg, I’m not a good friend of President Xi, the authoritarian leader of China. 
"Bernie Sanders' analysis is right."  
Our economy should work for more than Mr. Bloomberg and other billionaires. It should work for all our people.  
The economy is doing great for Mr. Bloomberg and other billionaires. But for ordinary Americans things are not good:45 million people have student debt.34 million are uninsured.500,000 people are sleeping on the street.We are going to create an economy for all. 
Bring it on.  
Looking forward to hearing more enthusiastic support from my opponents tonight. 
California voters:If you are registered No Party Preference (NPP) and vote by mail in California, today is the LAST day you can request a Democratic crossover ballot in order to support our campaign and still vote by mail.Click here to get your ballot:  
The Editorial Board understands this election will impact nearly every aspect of our nation's future, especially for young people who are facing the existential threat of climate change and outrageous student debt. Thank you for your support! 
 I’m excited to be in Nashville, Tennessee tomorrow! Hope to see you tomorrow evening at the historic Jefferson Street Mis…
 JOHN MCCAIN: “ and I negotiated very tough negotiations on a bill to reform the VA. I will say this: we…
"There are more of us. We are stronger. We will wait no longer." 
I am proud to have the endorsement of Together, we will pass Measure R, end the criminalization of poverty in California, and stop corporations from profiting off the suffering of incarcerated people and their families.
We need a huge number of people making calls to voters ahead of Super Tuesday on March 3. Will you get on the phone lines today and help make sure we win? 
The idea of a nation based on justice and dignity for all people is not a radical idea. 
Educators in North Carolina are part of a nationwide struggle for the survival of public schools and for the children and families who rely on it.I'm proud to fight with them to make high-quality public education a right, not a privilege. 
California: if you aren't registered to vote and you want to push our movement forward, don't worry.California has same-day voter registration. Go to your voting center to get registered and cast your vote in this critical election.Visit  to learn more. 
Hey, California!If you are registered No Party Preference (NPP) and vote by mail in California, you need to request a Democratic crossover ballot by TOMORROW, Feb. 25! Click here to get your ballot:  
People should not have to go tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars into debt to get an education. That is why I will fight to cancel student debt with a modest tax on Wall Street speculation.  
A lot about Donald Trump sickens me, but maybe at the top of the list is his very intentional efforts to divide us up by the color of our skin, our gender, or sexual orientation and our religion. 
I've spent my entire adult life fighting against everything that Trump stands for. 
If we can bring young people into the political process in the numbers that I think we can, it will be extraordinary, and we will defeat Trump big time. 
A lot of my opponents like to say I can't pay for my agenda to help the working people of this country. They're dead wrong. Here's how: 
Is raising the minimum wage to $15/hour radical?Is making sure kids can get a higher education radical?Is making health care a right like every other major country radical?Is addressing the existential threat of climate change radical?The American people don't think so. 
If you are registered No Party Preference (NPP) in California and want to vote for me, you need to request a Democratic crossover ballot by TOMORROW, Feb. 25! Click here to request your Democratic crossover ballot:  
"Let's really get the power back in the people's hands... Bernie refers to himself as the organizer-in-chief. That’s what we need, is to build a team." –Justin Vernon of 
Trump believes in tax breaks for billionaires.I believe in investing in the working people of America.We will tax the extreme wealth of the top 0.1% so we can invest $1.5 trillion to guarantee free, quality child care and early education for all.
 My family spent $15,000 on childcare in 2017. That’s more than a year’s tuition at UNC-CH. All children deserve access to…
Dalhi Myers was originally a Joe Biden supporter.But she joined our campaign because we have the enthusiasm, the excitement and the energy we need to defeat Donald Trump.Together, let's defeat the most dangerous president in modern history. 
We do not need a nominee who profits from private equity vultures and the destruction of the planet.We need someone who is willing to stand up for workers and will stop the greed of the fossil fuel industry.Unlike Mr. Bloomberg, as president, that's exactly what I will do. 
I stand with Denver airport workers who organized with Workers stood together, won raises, and voted to join I hope to see honor their choice. 
I am proud to have the support of leaders like who are fighting for economic justice in their communities. Together we are going to guarantee decent, affordable housing and a living wage for all our people. 
This thread shows why we cannot maintain the status quo of our profit-driven health care system.Even "good" insurance doesn't protect Americans from the endless greed of private health insurance companies.We must end this inhumanity and pass Medicare for All. 
Mental health care is health care. No one should be barred from accessing it because of their income. That's why it's covered under Medicare for All.
 Did you know that the average annual cost of infant care in Michigan is $10,861. With as president, Michig…
 A full-time minimum wage worker in Michigan would have to give up more than half their salary just to pay for child care…
Other countries around the world understand the importance of child care, early education, and family leave.It is long past time for the United States to join them.Read our plan for free child care and pre-K for all:
Katherine Johnson was a true American hero and pioneer in math and science. Her legacy and incredible achievements in the face of racial and gender discrimination will never be forgotten. 
I’ve been criticized for being an "alarmist" on climate change.You’re damn right I’m alarmed.Climate change is a major national security threat and a global emergency.That is why we have the boldest plan to address it of any campaign in history. 
South Carolina is in five days. Then it’s Super Tuesday, where Mike Bloomberg is waiting with his billions.Victory is in sight. We just have to keep doing what we’ve been doing.Make a donation to help bring us home: 
What would free, quality child care and pre-K mean for you and your family?
Caring for children in America is so outrageously expensive that having children is a leading cause of poverty in the United States.That ends when we are in the White House.We are going to guarantee free, high-quality child care and pre-k for all. 
Trump and his Republican friends gave over a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the top 1% and large corporations.I don't think the top 1% and corporations like Amazon need any more breaks.I think we should cancel all student debt and invest in the needs of working people.
 12,700 people showed up for in Austin. We're going to win Texas, y'all.   
If we stand for justice, if we stand for compassion, if we understand that we are all in this together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. Thank you Nevada! 
We won the popular vote in Iowa, we won the New Hampshire primary and we won the Nevada caucuses. Let's keep up the momentum! Join us live in Austin: 
This campaign has the momentum to win, but we cannot do it without your help. Make sure we reach our goal of 15 million calls to voters by Super Tuesday on March 3rd: 
As president, I will support the rights of both Israelis and Palestinians and do everything possible to bring peace and security to the region. 2/2
The Israeli people have the right to live in peace and security. So do the Palestinian people. I remain concerned about the platform AIPAC provides for leaders who express bigotry and oppose basic Palestinian rights. For that reason I will not attend their conference. 1/2
Trump and his friends think they're going to win by dividing our people up based on the color of our skin, where we were born, our religion or our sexual orientation.We're going to win because we are doing exactly the opposite: We are bringing our people together.
The American people are sick and tired of a corrupt administration that is undermining American democracy.They are sick and tired of a government based on greed and lies.It is time for an administration based on racial, social, economic and environmental justice.
This movement is about empowering people the political process has ignored for far too long. We have the multiracial, multigenerational coalition to win the White House. Live from Houston: 
As our movement grows, we will be attacked. But our job now is to bring people together in a multi-racial, multi-generational movement for real change. When we stand together, we will defeat the most dangerous president in the modern history of this country.
It is not acceptable for Americans to need two or three jobs to put food on the table.It's not acceptable that half of Americans live paycheck to paycheck.It's not acceptable that three people own more wealth than the bottom half of Americans.
First we won the popular vote in Iowa. Then we won the New Hampshire primary. And now we have won the Nevada caucus.Let's go forward together and win it all.Chip in to make sure we do: 
 Solo hay un camino: juntos. Gracias, Nevada. 
  hizo lo que había que hacer. No comprometió sus valores y sus lichas sin las nuestras. Gracias NEVADA…
Don't tell this because he'll get very nervous—we're going to beat him in Texas.
 I am tearing up just thinking about what it would mean to Americans everywhere--and to the world--to have
Our multiracial, multigenerational movement is not only going to win in Nevada. It is going to sweep this country.
Help us keep winning! Chip in at  now. 
We just won the Nevada caucus. This grassroots movement is unstoppable. Together, let's win the Democratic nomination, defeat Trump and transform the country! Join us live in San Antonio: 
Breaking: We won Nevada!We are building an unprecedented grassroots movement, and together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish.Let’s take the next step and win it all. Chip in here:  
In America you should not suffer financial ruin because you got sick.
 Honored to visit Alcatraz Island to commemorate the 50th Anniversary of the Occupation w/ many of the occupation veterans…
We’re running against billionaires and some candidates funded by billionaires, but Trump fears our campaign the most because we have what they don’t. We have an unprecedented movement. Live from El Paso: 
If you live in...AL, AR, AZ, CO, FL, GA, ID, IL, MA, ME, MI, MN, MO, MS, NC, ND, OH, OK, TN, TX, UT, VA, VT, WA...we need you to sign up to knock doors! Can you start canvassing in your area this weekend? 
 Nevada, today is the day! Let's win this together.➡️Find your caucus location: ➡️Check in betw…
Think about the cruelty of our health care system.Someone is diagnosed with cancer. They are fighting for their lives. Then they get a $100,000 bill.And in the midst of all of this, health care companies make $100 billion in profit a year.That has got to change.
We need your help to make sure our campaign is successful in Nevada today. Can you jump on the phone lines and make calls to voters right now? 
 As nurses we make an oath to protect our patients, but in reality nurses end up protecting patients from our own health care…
 Today voters in Nevada are caucusing to demand respect and dignity for their communities!  We proudly stand…
When it comes to creating a nation that works for all of us, not just the 1%, we are all in this together.Video by and 
 Last night NNU nurses canvassed and rallied for Bernie Sanders on the eve of the Nevada Caucus.This grassroots moveme…
Nevada, today is the day! Let's win this together.➡️Find your caucus location: ➡️Check in between 10 a.m. and noon➡️Get help: Email inf DM on Twitter, or call our hotline in English and Spanish: 775-204-5079 
What this campaign is about, and what our administration will be about, is making sure that all our people in the wealthiest nation in the history of the world can live with security and dignity.That's not asking too much.
 "I think somebody younger, like Bernie, would be a perfect candidate." - Dick Van Dyke(This is just the best ☺️)
 ; I have always loved Dick Van Dyke - appreciating his talent w/our parents, our children ; now our grandc…
Because of an unprecedented movement, we won in Iowa, we won in New Hampshire and if turnout is high tomorrow, we will win in Nevada. Join us live from Las Vegas and find your caucus location at  
 “I think somebody younger like Bernie is just a perfect candidate.”        94 year old legend Dick Van Dyke certainly h…
“He never has changed his attack because of pressure from the outside or when he felt the wind was blowing another way. He stuck with who he is and what he believes." –Dick Van Dyke 
I've got news for the Republican establishment. I've got news for the Democratic establishment. They can't stop us.
A few incredibly wealthy people want to move us to oligarchy and authoritarianism. We have a different idea. Millions of us are coming together to build a nation based on love and justice. Live from Bakersfield, CA: 
Join us in Texas this weekend as we continue the political revolution and build our movement to defeat Trump!El Paso: San Antonio: Houston: Austin:  
Workers should not feel like cogs in a machine. I want workers to be able to sit on corporate boards so they can have some say over what happens to their lives.
 Nevada, here we come! Ready to rally and organize for for president!  
The Nevada caucuses are tomorrow and one of the most important things you can do to help our campaign win is make calls to voters. Let's win this together. 
Unlike Trump we will not demonize Latinos. We are building a multiracial coalition that is going to defeat him and create a nation based on justice for all. 
Educators in St. Paul are fighting for special ed, mental health and multilingual support for students and I’m proud to support them. When we organize together, we win. 
The billionaire class has incredible wealth and power. We're going to win this election anyway because we have something more powerful than all their money: we have the people on our side. Live now from Santa Ana, CA: 
 Una de las mayores razones por las cuales apoyo a Bernie es por su consistencia cuando las cosas se ponen duras.Bernie…
I welcome the hatred of the crooks who destroyed our economy. 
California voters: you MUST request a Democratic crossover ballot to vote for Bernie if you are registered No Party Preference (NPP)! Request your ballot here  and join us live in Santa Ana: 
 🚨BIG NEWS🚨 We are proud to announce our endorsement of in the 2020 Presidential race! ➡️This is a 
Insurance and pharmaceutical companies don't want you to know this.The truth is that Medicare for All will save lives and billions of dollars.Now is the time to end their greed and make health care a right. 
I cannot take on the billionaire class and powerful special interests alone. I need your help to make sure our movement is successful.We have 11 days until Super Tuesday. Now is the time to knock doors and get involved! 
“He has been fighting for these issues for his entire life…. He did this when it was least convenient. He paid the highest political costs. He was fighting for these things since before I was even born.”  
I don't travel the country spending time with billionaires at private events.Unlike most of our opponents, we're not going to have a super PAC.We're funded by lots and lots of people making small donations.Chip in today: 
Just like Trump, the GOP in Arizona is demonizing immigrants and using hate to turn us against one another. We must stand together against racist legislation like SB1070. is organizing to fight back:  
With two days until the Nevada caucuses, nine days until the South Carolina primary, and 12 days until Super Tuesday, we need everyone's help to make sure our movement succeeds.Can you help by making calls to voters? 
Michael Bloomberg has no problem spending $7 MILLION a day so he can buy the presidency.Meanwhile, half our people live paycheck to paycheck.Our economy is rigged, and we must create one that works for all, not just billionaires. 
You can't change a corrupt system by taking its money. I am proud to be the only non-billionaire in this race without a super PAC spending millions of dollars to support me.
 This is 💯"In my view, any plan that targets Black maternal health that doesn’t include unequivocal support for a univers…
 Happy to contribute to the coalition of activists, grassroots organizers, ; everyday Americans looking for a government w…
 Excited to officially endorse to be our next President. He will lead with both the compassion and the te…
 So proud to be a part of this movement, and to endorse Bernie Sanders for President.Together we can create a safer, more…
 Beyond excited to endorse Senator Bernie Sanders to be the next President. Gun Violence is a symptom of systematic inj…
 My name Daud Mumin, an 18 year Old GVP Activist, and I approve this message! Check out my endorsement down below! ♥️ 
 Love to see co-founders and gun violence prevention activists
 Thank you Nurah Abdulhaqq,
 Bernie Sanders is building an intersectional movement to end our gun violence epidemic.  
 March For Our Lives co-founders and gun violence prevention activists endorse 
People are sick and tired of gun violence, and the time is now for all of us together to stand up to the NRA.I am proud to have the support of these young leaders in the fight against gun violence. 
If you have health insurance, I'm asking you to fight for those who don't.If you're native-born, I'm asking you to fight for the undocumented.If you can afford an education, I'm asking you to fight for those who can't.The only way we defeat Trump is with human solidarity.
The murders in Germany by a right-wing terrorist show us the tragic costs of anti-immigrant bigotry.Authoritarians seek power by promoting division and hatred. We will promote unity and inclusion.
 Today, I’m announcing my endorsement of Sen. for President of the United States. I stand with Bernie be…
The cruel indignity of not being able to afford health care is an experience that knows no color boundaries.But it is an experience disproportionately shouldered by Black and Brown women in this country, and it is time for that to come to an end. 
At a time when Donald Trump continues to divide up our country and terrorize immigrants, we need more leaders like am proud to have his support as we say no more to Donald Trump’s cruel and inhumane agenda. 
It is an honor to receive the endorsement of While Donald Trump has demonized our Muslim communities, our movement is working to bring Muslims and people of all backgrounds into the political system. 
Does anyone really think that a Republican billionaire who supported George W. Bush, wanted to cut Social Security and Medicare and opposed raising the minimum wage is going to defeat Donald Trump?  
Real change never takes place from the top on down.Real change never takes place from an oligarchy controlled by billionaires.We need to mobilize millions of people to stand up for justice.Please join us. 
Here’s a radical idea: The person with the most votes should be the Democratic nominee. 
When Donald Trump gets $800 million in tax breaks and subsidies to build luxury condominiums, thats socialism for the rich. I want a government that works for working people, not corporations and CEOs.  
Which tax haven do you keep your money in,
Mike Bloomberg has more wealth than the bottom 125 million Americans. That’s wrong and immoral. 
We have a grotesque situation where billionaires like Mr. Bloomberg have an effective tax rate lower than the middle class.  
Let’s talk about electability. A multibillionaire who supported George W. Bush in 2004, who said we shouldn't raise the minimum wage, who wanted to cut Social Security — that’s not electability. 
Let's level. Medicare for All will save tens of thousands of lives and $450 billion every year.  
For 100 years, we have been talking about the need to guarantee health care for all. Now is the time to take on the greed of the health care industry once and for all.  
Maybe it's time for the working class to have a little bit of power instead of Pete Buttigieg's billionaire donors. 
In order to beat Donald Trump we are going to need the largest voter turnout in the history of our country. Mr. Bloomberg’s record of stop-and-frisk is not going to do that.  
UCSC grad students are fighting to have their labor rights acknowledged. I strongly urge the president of the UC system to stop threatening them, especially immigrant students, for organizing. I stand with
 Writing in Teen Vogue, I got to make The Queer Case for Bernie Sanders—because "has a vision for our future…
Medicare for All leaves no one behind, because your survival should not depend on being able to afford outrageous health care costs set by companies trying to make huge profits. 
We will not defeat Donald Trump with a candidate who advocated for cuts to Medicare and Social Security. 
Enough is enough. No one should have to beg for money to get the health care they need in the richest country on Earth. Medicare for All now. 
The Walton family is the wealthiest family in America with a net worth of nearly $200 billion. It's time for the Waltons to end their greed, pay a living wage of at least $15 an hour and treat all of their workers with the dignity and the respect they deserve. 
 is a trailblazer who has been on a mission to expand the use of sustainable energy. I was proud to work with her in Vermont, I was proud to support her gubernatorial campaign in 2018, and I’m very proud to have her support in this race. 
Donald Trump has no problem pardoning white collar criminals.Meanwhile, hundreds of thousands of Black and Brown Americans are sitting in jail because of marijuana convictions or because they can't afford bail.That injustice is what we're going to end.
Detroiters are having their water shut off because they can’t afford outrageous water bills. Meanwhile, Nestle gets to bottle unlimited amounts of water for a few hundred bucks a year. That is a moral outrage. Clean water must be a human right. 
In under 3 years, the United States restructured the entire economy in order to win World War II and defeat fascism.If we could do that, then we can certainly address the climate crisis.With a Green New Deal we can create 20 million good jobs and transform our energy system. 
Trump is afraid of our campaign because Trump understands that we have what other campaigns don’t. We have an unprecedented grassroots movement.
I grew up in a rent-controlled apartment. We have got to institute rent control nationwide and finally stop landlords from ripping off the American people. 
I am the son of an immigrant and here is my promise:On day one, we will rescind all of Trump’s hateful and racist immigration executive orders.We will reinstate and expand the DACA program for the 1.8 million young people eligible and their parents. 
NEVADA VOTERS: please remember to stay in line!  As long as you are in line by the time polls close at your site, you are entitled to vote. Find your closest early vote site at 
When you have an agenda as we have that speaks to the needs of working families, millions of people are going to chip in. We don't need a super PAC.We will have the money to run a strong campaign and defeat Trump.Chip in here: 
We pride ourselves on being the longest standing democracy in the world.To me that means one person, one vote.Mr. Bloomberg has every right to run for president.I don’t think he has the right to buy this election. 
  state is ALL in for 
This movement is about saying to corporations like Disney: if you can pay your executives hundreds of millions of dollars, you can damn well afford to pay your workers a living wage. 
Congratulations to the over 1,800 members at HealthPartners in Minnesota. When workers join together and fight, they win. 
Over 50,000 people came out to our rallies this President’s Day weekend. From North Carolina and Texas to Nevada and California, the American people are ready to fight for fundamental change. Live from our rally at UNLV: 
Today is your last chance to register to vote by mail in California! Get your ballot at home by registering at  The easiest way to support our campaign is to register as a Democrat. 
"I switched from the Biden campaign to the Sanders campaign because I want to see the kind of lines around the building that we saw in 2008."  
Donald Trump is a fraud. We will expose his lies to the American people, defeat him, and create a country that works for all. 
Mensaje importante para los votantes de Nevada: Si vota temprano DEBE seleccionar tres opciones en su boleta o su voto no será contado.Si no tiene un candidato de segunda o tercera opción seleccione "Uncommitted" como su segunda y tercera opción. Vea una boleta de muestra aquí: 
I'm rallying with students at the University of Nevada Reno ahead of caucus day on Saturday. Find your early vote or caucus location at  Join us live now in Reno: 
FLORIDA: Today is the LAST DAY to register for the Democratic primary. You must register as a Democrat to vote in the March 17th primary at  Let's win this together! 
Today is the last day of early voting in Nevada. Make sure you select THREE choices and sign your ballot for it to be counted! 
17,000 people in Tacoma just sent a very powerful message to the billionaire class.When working people stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish.Thank you Washington! Let's go forward. 
It’s an honor to receive first presidential endorsement. They’ve mobilized a powerful grassroots network to stand up to Trump. Together we will build a multiracial, multigenerational movement to sweep him out of office and transform this country so it works for all. 
This is our time to finish the work we started. Let's build an economy and a government that work for all of us. Join us live from Tacoma! 
Thank you to the 10,400 who came out to our Bay Area rally today in Richmond! There are millions of people across this country who are ready to fight for justice. That should make us very hopeful. 
Together, we are going to end the greed of the billionaire class.
Commissioner Manfred is hurting baseball, but MLB's wealthy owners don't mind as long as he protects their huge profits. 
While other candidates host closed-door fundraising events with wealthy donors, our campaign has 1.5 million people who have made 7 million donations to fund this campaign.We can win this thing. But only if we're in it together. Chip in today: 
 
If you are registered No Party Preference (NPP) in California, you MUST request a Democratic ballot in order to vote for Bernie in the primary.Click here to request your Democratic ballot today:  
Mr. Bloomberg, like anybody else, has a right to run for president. He does not have a right to buy the presidency.
We are building the diverse and enthusiastic movement that will not only win this primary and defeat Trump, but will also transform this country into one that works for all of us. Join us live in Richmond, California! 
Unlike Trump, I do not believe this country is about terrorizing 11 million undocumented people and throwing them out of the country. I believe we need to build an immigration system based on justice, humanity and a path toward citizenship.
Far too many parents have lost children because of insurance companies' outrageous greed. With Medicare for All we're going to end the greed and save lives. 
 “Nominating Bloomberg would be a disaster for public schools and for Democrats’ chances at beating Trump. Because when…
More than 11,400 people joined us last night in Denver.All across this country, people are tired of the greed of the billionaire class.They're tired of a corrupt political system that leaves working people behind.Together, we're going to win. Thank you, Colorado! 
Tonight, let's send a powerful message to the billionaire class. Join our rally in Washington State at the Tacoma Dome, featuring and more! Doors open at 4:30 p.m. RSVP here:  
Our movement will defeat Trump because we not only have a multiracial, multicultural, multigenerational movement. We also have the agenda that the American people believe in.
There are only five days left until the Nevada caucuses. We need all the help we can get if this movement is going to succeed. Can you help us knock doors in Nevada this week?  
This is the richest country on Earth.Our people should not have to beg for money on GoFundMe to pay for cancer treatment or insulin.Health care should be a right to all our people, not a way for a handful of rich executives to make a profit.
 ‘We got a deep, Jewish brother named Bernie Sanders who’s bringing us together.’ — Cornel West electrified a stadium  of B…
One of the most important things you can do to help us win this election is to reach out to people and bring them into the political process. Start knocking doors in your area! 
 When he was last in CO on Sept. 9, 2019 Sen. addressed +10k in Civib Center Park. Tonight he drew 11.4k to…
This campaign is about building a massive, diverse coalition of working people across the country. That is why we are the best campaign to defeat Trump. 
Democracy to me means one person, one vote, not Bloomberg or anybody else spending hundreds of millions of dollars trying to buy an election.
At the end of the day, the top 1% may have enormous wealth and power, but they are just the 1%. When the 99% stand together, we can transform society. Live now from our rally in Denver: 
 What type of society ; planet do you want to leave for your children ; grandchildren? Bernie will ➡️ Create an economy…
 On AZ 108th bday what will be our states legacy? One of hate ; racism? Or will we become a welcoming state? SCR1007 is an att…
In 2015 Michael Bloomberg stated, "I, for example, am not in favor, have never been in favor, of raising the minimum wage."This is not a candidate who will defeat Donald Trump.
If there was ever a moment to bring our people together in the fight against the forces of oligarchy and authoritarianism, this is that time. Join me live now from our Carson City rally with NYC Mayor 
I’m running against some folks who are billionaires.I’m also running against others who aren’t billionaires, but get funding from billionaires.You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money.
Billionaires shouldn't be able to buy elections in the United States of America.
We will not defeat Donald Trump with a candidate who, instead of holding the crooks on Wall Street accountable, blamed the end of racist policies such as redlining for the financial crisis.
The simple truth is that Mayor Bloomberg, with all his money, will not create the kind of excitement and energy we need to defeat Donald Trump. 
If we organize and stand together, we can win California. Make sure you're properly registered to vote in California and find more information at  
 NEW STUDY: An A-team of epidemiologists found that Medicare for All will save Americans $450 billion and prevent 68,000…
Yesterday, over 10,000 people joined us between Durham, Charlotte, and Mesquite. That's got to make the billionaire class and corporate elites of this country very, very nervous. Let's keep up the momentum! 
 Bernie Sanders is rallying a crowd in a high school cafeteria here in Las Vegas this Saturday morning. Probably the youngest…
 Bernie is the most admired candidate.Bernie leads national polls.Bernie beats Trump in the polls.Bernie has won the firs…
Not only will Medicare for All save the American people money, it will save tens of thousands of lives every year. The time to act is now. 
“Senator Sanders recognizes that we need a movement that is not simply great policies that are going to get us to the society we want, but rather we need to build up a movement.”  
 Bernie’s been marching with disenfranchised communities for decades. Today he’s marching with immigrants and people of col…
Trump's agenda of terrorizing our immigrant neighbors is shameful. It is not what this country is about. On day one of my administration I will reverse all of Trump's racist efforts to demonize immigrants. 
In one week Nevada will go to caucus, and together our job is to make sure turnout breaks a record. Join us live from our rally in Las Vegas as we get out the early vote and march to the polls with 
The only time that real change takes place is when millions of people stand up and look around them and say, “The status quo is not working. We want change."
➡️Important message for Nevada voters:⬅️If you vote early, you MUST select three options on your ballot, or your vote will not be counted.If you don't have a second or third choice candidate, select "Uncommitted" as your second and third choices. See a sample ballot here: 
Real change is never just a president signing a bill. It is millions of people standing up for justice.
Let me be clear: we have a misogynist in the White House who uses sexism for his own political purposes. Together, we are building a movement to bring people together, to end violence against women, and to fight for the fundamental rights of all women.
The billionaire class and corporate elite are getting nervous about us. We accomplished what they said was impossible, and we’re not done yet. Join us live from our rally in Dallas: 
Trump says the economy is doing great. If you’re a billionaire, he’s right! It's not doing so well if you’re one of the millions of working people living paycheck to paycheck.
I am proud to have the support of Mayor Together, we will create a nation that leads the world in racial, social, and environmental justice. 
I am honored to receive the endorsement of and am grateful for their work. Together, we are going to guarantee housing as a human right. 
It is absolutely barbaric that "medical debt" even exists in the richest country on Earth. We're going to eliminate all of it.
  and I stand in solidarity with Minneapolis airport workers and who are fighting for a…
Mayor knows that the only way we can defeat Trump is by uniting people from all backgrounds around an agenda that speaks to working families. I’m proud to have the support of a mayor fighting every day to improve the lives of New Yorkers. 
In California and across the country, all our people deserve a safe and decent place to live. We need a homes guarantee and a national rent control standard. 
Corporate CEOs aren't big fans of our campaign. That's okay. Our campaign is powered by over 7 million donations from 1.5 million donors, because this is a campaign by and for the working class. 
I am honored to receive the endorsement of 27,000 rank and file workers of labor movement built the middle class and is key to reviving it today. As president, I will stand with workers as we build an economy that works for all. 
This campaign is about telling the billionaire class, you cannot have it all. This country belongs to all of us, not just the top 1 percent. Join us live in Charlotte: 
 I am honored to have marched today in Minneapolis to stand in solidarity with all the Native peoples of this nation seeki…
“Bernie is a leader who cares about people. He’s a leader who cares about the most marginalized. Bernie is a leaders who fights for what’s right even when it’s not popular.”  
I'm old fashioned.I believe in democracy: one person, one vote.Not billionaires buying elections.
I am proud to have the support of working people who understand that true freedom requires a living wage, security in retirement, and comprehensive health care. Creativity can flourish when our people are paid for their hard work and free from the fear of crushing debt. 
 In New Hampshire, won ✅ Rural voters✅ Young voters✅ Latino voters ✅ Independent voters✅ Working class wh…
I'm incredibly proud that teachers are the most common occupation of donors to our campaign. In Nevada and across the country, we will give teachers a raise and create an education system that works for all. 
 Thanks for having our back, job should be enough for the workers who prepare
As candidates, we all have disagreements, but personal attacks like this are unacceptable. The homophobic comments from Rush Limbaugh about are outrageous and offensive. Together, we will end the division and hate led by Donald Trump. 
 I met with residents of  the only Native HUD housing in the country w/ over 38 tribes represented. Won…
Today we remember the 17 students and staff killed two years ago in the horrific Parkland shooting. No family should ever face that unimaginable loss. Together, we will end the greed of the gun industry and pass life-saving gun safety legislation.
We don't have any billionaires funding our campaign. We stand with the working class of this country. Join us in the fight to create a nation and economy that works for all of us. Live in Durham, NC: 
All across the country today, airline catering workers will be protesting unfair wages at and I joined these members on the picket line last summer and proudly stand with them again today. 
We can't risk allowing private health insurance companies, whose primary goal is to make as much profit as possible, continue to rip off the American people and deny coverage to those who need it. We need Medicare for All. 
I make no apologies for proposing the boldest and most aggressive climate proposal with our Green New Deal. This is a climate emergency. 
I’m proud to stand with and the fast food workers of New York City in the fight against arbitrary firings and reductions in hours. Employers should not be able to fire workers at any time for any reason. Fast food workers need  protections now. 
It has never made sense to me that a tiny group of people should have incredible wealth and power in America while most people have none. That is what we are going to change.
Californians are suffering because of PG;E's greed and corruption. We need a Green New Deal to build a 21st century energy grid that will deliver clean, reliable power to all. 
 We will guarantee tuition- and debt-free public colleges, universities, and trade schools to all, regardless of family income or immigration status. We will also cancel all student debt, regardless of income. 
 When I am president, this country's gun policy will be written by the American people, not the NRA. We will:☑️Expand background checks☑️End the gun show loophole and straw purchases☑️Ban assault weapons☑️Keep guns out of the hands of domestic abusers and stalkers
 I support a family-based immigration system grounded in civil and human rights. We will:☑️ Protect and expand family-based visas as well as cut waiting times and backlogs☑️ Dismantle the cruel deportation and detention machine☑️ Guarantee all immigrants due process
 We will ensure limited English proficient individuals are able to participate in all of our programs and policies, from education, to health care, to our Green New Deal, to agriculture, and throughout every stage of the immigration process and in immigration court, and beyond.
 We'll ensure we have the best data possible so we can better serve all communities. That means fixing our Census to ensure the AAPI community is fully counted and data is disaggregated, ensuring student data in our school system and health care data is disaggregated, and more.
 When I'm president, we will return to a government of, by, and for the people. We're building a multi-racial, multi-ethnic, multi-generational movement. The people of this movement including the NHPI community, not corporate lobbyists, will be at the table with us making policy.
 NOW: Today we're joined by the Democratic presidential campaigns to discuss the AAPI agenda in advance of the primary…
 My administration will look like America. That means a diverse set of backgrounds, viewpoints, and lived experiences. Our administration will put racial justice and working families first, and our staff will represent that. We won't have former corporate executives and lobbyists.
I am honored to be endorsed by our administration, unions like will see a vast expansion of collective bargaining rights and workers' power.Together, we will double union membership nationwide and end "right to work for less" laws. 
We’ve got the momentum. The political establishment and billionaire class know it. If our movement stands together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. 
I stand with fighting for health care, a pension and fair wages. Making $780 million in profit, is one of the largest, most profitable hospital corporations in the country. They must put aside their greed, come to the table and negotiate a fair contract. 
Two weeks ago Jeff Bezos added $13 billion to his wealth in 15 minutes.$13 billion in 15 minutes.Think about that compared to the pain and struggle of millions of Americans who are living paycheck to paycheck.We have a rigged economy and that has got to change. 
 We're winning. support is growing throughout the country ; young people are turning out to vote. We ar…
Together, we can create an America based on justice and compassion, not greed and corruption.But first we need to take our fight to Nevada, South Carolina, and all the states that vote on Super Tuesday. Can you make a contribution to our campaign? 
Our victory in New Hampshire isn’t about me.It’s about us.It's about the movement our supporters, volunteers and grassroots donors built, which will transform this country. 
We are going to win because we have the agenda that speaks to the needs of working people:Health care is a human right.The wealthy will start paying their fair share of taxes.We will make public colleges and universities tuition-free and cancel all student debt.
Thank you to the thousands of volunteers in New Hampshire who knocked on doors in the rain, the snow and the cold. Your hard work is the reason that we won tonight.
Tonight's victory has sent a powerful message that now is the time to think big, not small.Now is the time to have the guts to take on the corporate and financial elite of this country.This is our moment.Chip in to our campaign now: 
Our victory tonight is the beginning of the end for Donald Trump.
We just won the New Hampshire primary. What we have done together here is nothing short of the beginning of a political revolution. Join us live at our primary night rally in Manchester! 
Thank you for running an issue-focused campaign and working to bring new voters into the political process. I look forward to working together to defeat the corruption and bigotry of Donald Trump.
The truth is that we have the resources to make sure every American lives in economic security. What we need is the political will to stand up to the powerful special interests that control our economy and political system.
We need millions of people to join the fight for justice. When we stand together, there is nothing, nothing we cannot accomplish. 
There are only a few hours left until polls close in New Hampshire. Let's win this together. Make calls to voters right now: 
Wow! Over 7,500 people came out to our rally in Durham with and last night, making it the largest New Hampshire rally of any candidate in this primary.Let's make history again. Get out and vote! Find your polling place:  
Today's New Hampshire primary is incredibly important. Please help make calls to voters at  or check your polling place at  Join us live now: 
If you're not in New Hampshire, the most important thing you can do for our campaign right now is make phone calls to voters and help us get out the vote. Start calling here:  
  is an FDR Democrat. FDR is the most popular Democrat in American history. Of course Sanders can win! 
 Thousands greet on the University of New Hampshire campus on  eve. This is the largest cr…
 Durham, New Hampshire. 
Tomorrow all eyes will be on New Hampshire and we are in position to win. Join us live now for our GOTV Concert Rally in Durham, NHwith and 
How is Trump proposing to pay for his tax breaks to the top 1%?With cuts to Medicare, to Social Security, to education, to affordable housing, to nutrition assistance and to retirement benefits.This is a budget of unbelievable cruelty, and together we are going to stop it.
  won the  by 6,000 votes more than ; 10,000 more than ; 17,000 more than…
People in the United States of America are being thrown into jail for getting sick. That is unconscionable.We must end this crisis.Eliminate all medical debt.Medicare for All now. 
If we can bail out Wall Street and give tax breaks to billionaires, we can cancel all student debt in this country.
Four years ago New Hampshire kicked off our political revolution and now is the time to complete it. Join us live from Rindge, NH and find your polling location for tomorrow’s primary at  
This is the richest country on Earth.Everyone should have health care.Everyone should live in dignity.No exceptions. 
Thank you to the 2,000 people in Keene who just joined us for the largest rally in New Hampshire this primary! Let's do everything we can to get out the vote and win this together.  
 WATCH: Saturday morning in South Carolina! We’re knocking doors across the state and the amazing gets us  f…
Tonight: join our GOTV Concert Rally with and more in Durham, New Hampshire! Together, we can win this primary, defeat Trump, and transform the country. RSVP here: Art by 
 Tomorrow—New Hampshire! Come on down!    
Maybe this is a radical idea, but I believe the government should help working families, not billionaires.
 Awesome to be joined by 1,981 close friends in Keene to see 
Just four years ago, the establishment said our ideas were “too radical.” Now millions of people are standing together in the struggle for justice. Join us in Keene, NH with and 
Some people say it doesn’t matter where a campaign gets its money from.Of course it matters!We are not funded by billionaires and corporate CEOs. We are fueled by the working class.
This is the most powerful grassroots movement in the history of presidential elections. Thank you to everyone knocking doors, making phone calls and getting out the vote for our campaign. Live in Claremont, NH: 
So many people came out for our canvass launch in Concord that we couldn't fit everyone. Our volunteers knocked on 150,000 doors yesterday.This is how we’ll win together. Sign up for a canvass near you at  
The billionaire class and Wall Street may hate us. That’s fine. We are the strongest campaign against Trump because we stand with the working class of America. Join us live from our Hanover, New Hampshire town hall: 
I believe in democracy, not billionaires owning the system. That is why our campaign is funded by the working people of this country. 
Thank you to everyone who is out in the cold in New Hampshire to knock on doors for our campaign!It's not too late to join in and make sure we win here on Tuesday.Find a bus, carpool, or plan your own trip here: 
Our campaign does not do high-dollar fundraisers in wine caves or on Wall Street.We're the only leading campaign to not have a single billionaire donor. We're funded entirely by grassroots donors.This is a campaign of, by and for working people. 
 Sounds like an  perspective to me.    
 Team NH continues to amaze me. Today we knocked over 150,000 doors — that’s more than 227 a minute or 4 per second!  T…
Companies like Amazon—which is owned by the wealthiest guy in America—last year paid zero in federal income taxes.That's less than you paid.How does that happen?Why does that happen?The answer: we have a corrupt political system. That's the simple fact.
Our priorities have for too long been determined by the top 1% and wealthy campaign contributors.What is unique about our campaign is that we are unashamedly by and for the working class, and I will be a president for the working class.
 I’m canvassing tomorrow! This is it !! California is so important. This is way out of my comfort zone ! Pl…
Fifty-two years ago today Samuel Hammond Jr., Delano Middleton and Henry Smith were killed in the Orangeburg Massacre. We will not only honor their memory but also carry on their struggle for racial justice. 
One of the most important things you can do to ensure our campaign's success is to make phone calls to voters. Start making calls now or sign up for a shift: 
Pete Buttigieg has 40 billionaire donors. I'm proud to say our campaign has zero.What we do have is over 6 million contributions from over 1.5 million people averaging $18 apiece.We will apologize to nobody for standing with the working families of this country. 
 Senator has the best and and most racially and economically just higher education and debt cancellation…
It’s not too late to head to New Hampshire and knock on doors for our campaign before the primary on Tuesday.Find a bus, carpool, or plan your own trip here: 
There is no place in this country for any form of discrimination against our LGBTQ+ family. 
If young people vote at the same rates as people over 65, we will not only defeat Trump. We will transform this country.
I’m with our volunteers in Concord, New Hampshire as they prepare to knock doors and bring their neighbors out to vote and into our movement. This is what "Not Me, Us" looks like. Join us live now: 
“Bernie Sanders really understands that root systemic causes are the cause of the climate crisis. You have to go deeper and you have to put communities first, and Bernie Sanders really gets that.”  
We have the grassroots movement that wins and the agenda that wins. In these final three days before the New Hampshire primary, now is the time to get involved. Join me live from our town hall in Rochester, NH: 
As president I will not be just the commander in chief of the military. I will be the organizer in chief of the progressive movement in America.
We have got to codify Roe v. Wade into law and significantly expand funding for Planned Parenthood.
In the year 2020, it is outrageous that more than 40 million people lack access to broadband. We will guarantee quality, affordable, high-speed internet to every household and business in the country. 
 “Bernie Sanders introduced a new Disability Rights platform this week that together with his  offe…
This is nothing short of a worldwide emergency. We do not have any time to waste. We need a Green New Deal now. 
The only way we will win is with an unprecedented grassroots movement to stand up to the billionaire class.Can you go to New Hampshire to help knock on doors for our campaign?Find a bus, carpool, or plan your own trip here: 
The big questions coming out of tonight’s debate:Are you on the side of the working class of this country?Are you willing to stand up to the greed and the corruption of the billionaire class?I know that I am.Chip in to our campaign here: 
It is time to take on the big money interests. It is time to change our national priorities.  
 👏👏“That means bringing in people who have given up on the political process. That means turning out young people.
Unlike Pete Buttigieg I don't have 40 billionaires contributing to my campaign from the pharmaceutical industry and Wall Street.We have 1.5 million hard-working Americans who want real change.  
We’re going to end the War on Drugs.We’re going to end private prisons and detention centers.We’re going to end cash bail. 
I will never nominate any person to the Supreme Court or the federal courts who is not 100% pro-Roe v. Wade. 
I listened very carefully to the arguments for the Iraq War.I concluded that Bush, Cheney and others were lying through their teeth.I not only voted against that war, I helped lead the opposition. 
Republicans in the Senate knew better, knew Donald Trump was a crook and a cheat, and they didn’t have the guts to vote to remove him. 
When I ran for Congress we won a seat that had been Republican for decades. I passed more amendments than any member from 1995 to 2007.  
If you want real change in health care, you have to take on the insurance companies and their greed.You have to take on the drug companies and their corruption. There is no other way around it. 
What Medicare for All will do is save the average American substantial sums of money while expanding coverage.  
The way you bring people together is by presenting an agenda that works for the working people of this country, not the billionaire class.  
The way we beat Trump is with the highest turnout in history.That means bringing in people who have given up on the political process.That means turning out young people.That is what our campaign did in Iowa and that is how we will defeat Trump in November. 
Do you think that when people receive money from powerful special interests that they're really going to stand up to those special interests and do what has to be done for the working class in this country? I don't think so. It doesn't work that way.
Sandra Bland should be alive today. We must reform a very broken criminal justice system and stop the deaths of Black Americans in police custody. 
“What you need in a politician is you need someone with a vision. You need somebody who can galvanize people. And you need someone who can’t be bought.And there is nobody that has those three qualities in greater abundance than Bernie Sanders.”  
The billionaire class and corporate elites want you to think we have no chance of winning this election.They want you to think your vote doesn't matter.Help us prove them wrong.Let's have a huge turnout on Tuesday in New Hampshire and win this election together.
Disability rights are civil rights.
Today, I am honored to receive the endorsement of five major UNITE HERE locals across California, collectively representing over 28,000 members.The labor movement built the middle class. As president, I will stand with workers as we build an economy that works for all. 
This election is fundamentally about whose side you are on.  
In the United States of America people should not be dying because they cannot afford insulin.We are going to end the greed of the drug companies.We are going to cap prescription drug costs at $200 a year.
We are the strongest campaign to defeat Donald Trump.
Our unprecedented grassroots movement propelled us to victory in Iowa. Now help us build momentum in states around the nation.Use the BERN app: Help knock 1 million doors: Help reach 15 million calls:  
As the wealthiest country in the world, we need a revolution in education. We are going to invest in our teachers and ensure they earn at least $60,000 a year. 
The conversation about universal health care has gone on in America for 100 years. It's time to get it done with Medicare for All. 
Both growing up in a family that didn't have a whole lot of money and being Jewish profoundly influenced the views I hold today. 
What did Trump learn from the impeachment trial? He learned he can get away with corruption, with continuing to lie, with considering himself above the law. 
Our campaign is about bringing millions of people into the political process for the first time.It is about building a multicultural, multiracial, multigenerational movement.It is about empowering working people in a system that has ignored them for far too long. 
Thank you Iowa for bringing our campaign to victory! We are well-positioned to win the Democratic nomination and defeat the most dangerous president in the modern history of this country. 
We won in Iowa because of the unprecedented grassroots effort of our campaign.Thousands of volunteers knocked on hundreds of thousands of doors in the cold and snow.I want to thank each and every volunteer who participated in that effort.
I want to thank the people of Iowa for the very strong victory they gave us at the Iowa caucuses on Monday night.Some 6,000 more Iowans came out to support us than any other candidate.With eight strong candidates competing, that is a decisive margin of victory.
Join me live from Manchester for an update on results from Iowa and our campaign in New Hampshire: 
I'm honored to be endorsed by whose work and leadership has empowered millions in the fight for justice and equality. Together we will carry on the struggle for all our people to live in dignity. 
In January, our campaign raised an incredible $25 million from more than 648,000 people.Our average donation: just $18.The billionaire class should not underestimate us.When working people stand together in a movement for justice, we win.
The ideas we are talking about—a livable planet, health care as a right, a humane immigration system, disability justice, a living wage for all—are not radical ideas. These are issues of basic justice.
Thank you to the educators building the  week of action. Achieving the American promise begins with racial justice and equity in all of our schools. 
I'm honored to have the support of and Together we are going to make historic investments in education and transform our public education system. 
I am honored to receive the endorsement of the Inlandboatmen's Union of the Pacific. Their courageous strike last year was further proof of what can happen when workers stand together. We will rebuild the trade union movement and put power back in the hands of the working class. 
Just as in Iowa, our grassroots supporters have knocked on hundreds of thousands of doors in New Hampshire, and that is how we are going to win here next Tuesday. Live town hall in Derry, NH: 
If you feel like our political system doesn't work for you, now is the time to join us in our fight.Together we are going to end the corruption of a system that helps billionaires but leaves working people behind.We are going to build a government that represents all of us.
Trump said, "We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions.”Really?This is the same president who came one vote away from throwing 32 million Americans off the health care they have and ending the Affordable Care Act’s protection for pre-existing conditions.
In the year 2020, how can a president of the United States give a State of the Union speech and not mention climate change?
We just listened to Donald Trump’s third, and what I expect, will be his very last, State of the Union Address. My response: 
Tomorrow the votes may not be there to impeach Trump. But I'm absolutely confident that in November the votes will be there to beat Donald Trump.
I’m proud to say that the results from Iowa so far show that last night we received more votes in the first and second rounds than any other candidate. Let's keep fighting. Add a donation tonight: 
Bernie speaks for the first time in New Hampshire after early returns show him winning the popular vote in Iowa caucus: 
While we wait for the results from Iowa, we cannot lose focus of the fact that New Hampshire’s primary, the first in the nation, is just seven days away.We have to be ready.Can you make a contribution to our campaign today? 
I'm speaking live in Des Moines as we await results of the Iowa Caucus. Thank you so much to all those who came out to support our campaign today! 
  will be taking the stage momentarily.
 Wonderful few days in Iowa with many friends ; supporters who know that we have the power to make our moonshot for econom…
Iowa, caucuses are starting soon. Make sure you have the right location at  or call or text our hotline at (515) 400-4924. Let's win this together. 
The whole world is looking at Iowa today. They are looking to see whether the people of Iowa are prepared to stand up and fight for justice. Let's win this together. 
The Iowa caucuses are tonight, and we need Iowans to finish the political revolution we started.➡️ Find your caucus location: ➡️ Call or text our hotline in English and Spanish: (515) 400-4924➡️ Get help: Email inf or DM on Twitter 
 Iowa, you showed up for this weekend. I know you’ll show up for him today.Today and always, we must unite aro…
 Integrating Latino outreach and messaging into every aspect of a campaign is a winning strategy. Learn more about ho…
This country does not just belong to the 1%.Not just massive corporations.Not just wealthy campaign contributors.Not just the political and economic establishment.It belongs to all of us.
 A packed caucus day canvass launch with and in Des Moines. We only have a few hours to knock as many…
Young people: do not underestimate your power. You will transform this country if you turn out to vote.
 a leader is somebody who takes people by the hand and says, “you have the power to change things.”  
Iowa, today is the day.Let's show the world that we believe in a nation based on justice and dignity for all.Find your caucus location at  
By joining our movement, you're joining a fight for human solidarity.You're standing against all forms of racism, bigotry and discrimination.You're working towards criminal justice reform, a humane immigration system and disability rights.That's what this campaign is about.
 "If some of you are unhappy with me, if some of you think that I might not be a great president, understand, she will be a g…
 I was just sent this photo of one of our field offices. This was around 9am. It’s not a rally. Just volunteers ready to knoc…
 Get yourself a president who is  building a multi-racial working class movement that makes:👉🏼 Wall Street👉🏼 Insurance compan…
 Unbelievable energy all over Iowa as I barnstorm the state for Thank you Des Moines and Ames for the passion…
I simply do not accept a situation where, in the richest country on Earth, our people are afraid to go to the emergency room when they are hurt or sick because they cannot afford the bill.That's got to change. We need Medicare for All.
Tomorrow the world will be watching Iowa to take the first stand against the hatred of Trump and for the movement to bring our people together. Live now from our Big Game party in Des Moines: 
 A note from Bernie to his field staff 
We can become a nation where every person makes a living wage, lives in a decent home, and can get the health care they need. Together, that is the nation we're going to build.
 We are FIRED UP for Bernie  
Tomorrow Iowa goes to caucus, and our volunteers have knocked on 500,000 doors in Iowa and made over 10 million phone calls since January 1st to make sure we win. Join me live from our field office in Newton, Iowa: 
 The folks writing checks for a new Space Force are the same ones asking “how are you going to pay for” public college or healthcar…
Tomorrow night the world will be watching Iowa.Let Iowa be the beginning of a new America.An America based on the principles of justice. Social justice. Economic justice. Racial justice. Environmental justice.Let us show the world what America can become. 
 We. Endorse. Bernie. Sanders.  
I'm honored to have Rep. Abdul-Samad's endorsement. Together we're going to win in Iowa, win the primary, defeat Trump, and build a nation that works for the working people of this country.
Something big is happening across the country. We’re going to finish the political revolution we started. 
 Epic crowd tonight in Cedar Rapids for and 
 This is what our movement looks like,  an amazing canvass launch with and in Wa…
There are only two days until the Iowa Caucus! If we keep up the hard work we can win this together. Join us live in Cedar Rapids for our caucus concert and rally featuring 
I’m honored to have the support of Texas Chapter. Unions like are the last line of defense for workers against corporate greed. Together, we are going to double union membership nationwide and greatly expand workers’ rights to collectively bargain. 
 Living while Black in America has always been a political act. I do what I do in honor of our ancestors who moved mountains…
The sit-in at Woolworth’s in Greensboro on Feb. 1, 1960 began a sit-in movement of 70,000 participants and some 3,000 arrests.60 years later, the fight for racial justice is far from over.We must honor those leaders and root out racism everywhere it exists.  
This is the richest country in the history of the world. We can afford to guarantee health care and education for all our people. What we need is the political will.  
 Our strategy for 2020 isn't just about electing about building a movement of young people in every c…
The future of the planet is at stake. The only way we will solve this crisis is by building a mass movement of people that is powerful enough to stand up to the unlimited greed of the fossil fuel industry. 
 “The problems that we have did not come down from the heavens. They are made by human decisions. And good human decisions…
 Tweet to  on how you've helped build the political revolution.
  
 A better world is possible and it’s up to us to make it happen.Let’s do this together. All of us.  
 I’m so moved by the thousands of volunteers on the ground in Iowa talking to voters about how we can build a country that…
 This movement is about ensuring that those at the top are working for the many, not the money. It’s about fighting for someon…
 despair is not an option. our job is to give people hope. 
We are two days from the Iowa caucus and now is the time to get involved and help us win. Today I’m at Simpson College for a town hall along with Rep. and Rep. Watch live: 
No president, no matter how well-intentioned, can transform this country alone. I need you to be a part of this movement. That is what  is all about.
Our job is to give people hope. If we stand together, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish. 
$10 may not seem like the kind of money that can win an election, but someone just gave that amount to our campaign.By the time you're done reading this, someone else will do the same.It all adds up.That's how we win. Chip in here: 
Together, we can win this election and transform the country. Watch our first Caucus Concert featuring live in Clive, Iowa! 
For my entire career I have fought to protect and expand Social Security. After we defeat Donald Trump, together, that is exactly what we will do. 
 Great talking small business with such an incredible crowd of community leaders and small business owners. Having a wonde…
Today is a sad day for democracy. 
Thank you for your endorsement! You know what I know: to transform this country and bring about economic, racial, social and environmental justice, we need to build a diverse grassroots movement. Together, we’ll fight for the human rights of all people.  
 🚨 BREAKING NEWS 🚨 THE ZERO HOUR MOVEMENT OFFICIALLY ENDORSES BERNIE SANDERS FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES!
 🚨BREAKING NEWS 🚨The Zero Hour Movement  is officially endorsing for president!
I'm honored to be endorsed by The young people of this country have incredible power when they speak up and get involved. Together we are going to avert the climate crisis and ensure a sustainable future for all. 
 Why is the  plan so good? Let's go over some of the highlights. Because trust me, I'd be a lot less o…
It is outrageous that Donald Trump continues to push a racist travel policy that dehumanizes immigrants and their families for his own political purposes. On day one of my administration, I will overturn this xenophobic and discriminatory ban. 
The Iowa caucus is just three days away and now, more than ever, is the time to get involved and stand against Trump’s corruption and hate. Join our live town hall from Creston, Iowa with and 
If you've been waiting for the right time to contribute to our campaign, now is the time. Our final FEC fundraising deadline before the Iowa caucus is tonight at midnight. We need a lot of donations to reach our goals. Can you chip in?
“If I had Medicare for All in 2012, I’d still be working. I wouldn’t be sitting here dying in my own home. And I don’t want that to happen to anybody else." –Jim Williams 
Congratulations to the members of union and for this great victory. In our administration, we will double union membership and help more workers win the dignity they deserve. 
From the start of this campaign, we knew we would be taking on the entire political establishment, the corporate media, and the financial elite of this country.But if we stand together, we are going to win.Chip in before our deadline tonight: 
Have you ever received an unexpected medical bill?
We cannot keep a system that forces people with disabilities into nursing homes and institutions to pad the profits of their insurance companies. We’ll end Iowa’s privatized system that lets insurers make money by denying care to people with disabilities. 
 Getting my morning started here in  with some great volunteers in Council Bluffs! We’re ALL in for
Together, we will protect and expand Social Security Disability Insurance and SSI by reversing Trump’s attack on these lifelines, ending asset tests and marriage penalties, and raising the SSI benefit level to 125% of the poverty level, lifting millions out of poverty. 
Every person with a disability deserves the right to live in their community and have the support they need to thrive.This is an issue of fundamental civil rights, and we will not wait to advance disability rights.Read our plan here: 
 I’m proud to be a woman of color, immigrant, activist ; progressive member of Congress—; I’m proud to be all in for
Hace cuatro años, la gente de Iowa inició nuestra revolución política. Con su ayuda el 3 de feb., podemos comenzar a hacer realidad nuestra agenda progresiva. En vivo ahora desde Des Moines con y 
“Nothing can be done just as one. It has to be done as the movement. And that’s the organizer in Bernie, inside and outside. He won’t just be president and commander-in-chief, he’ll be organizer-in-chief.” -Rep. 
I am proud to stand with in her campaign for New Hampshire's Executive Council. Together, we will build a movement to transform this nation so that it works for all people. 
I stand in solidarity with the All workers deserve a fair contract with good pay and benefits. I urge management to continue to bargain in good faith for a fair contract. 
Home health care workers are doing some of the most important work in this country. They deserve respect, decent wages, and collective bargaining protections. 
We need candidates who champion the people and the issues at every level, in every state. I'm proud to endorse for governor of New Hampshire and look forward to the real change he will bring. 
In just four days the people of Iowa will take the first stand against the divisiveness and bigotry of Donald Trump. Join our live town hall with and in Grinnell: 
In just four days the people of Iowa will take the first stand against the divisiveness and bigotry of Donald Trump. Join our live town hall with and in Grinnell: 
I’m so honored to receive the endorsement of the When we defeat Donald Trump, we're not going to privatize and cut the Postal Service. We're going to expand and strengthen the Postal Service. 
Donald Trump wants to cut Social Security. We're not going to let that happen. We are going to protect and EXPAND Social Security. 
I’m honored to have the support of Together we’re going to build a movement to create a political revolution and transform this country so it works for all of us. 
Together we are going to bring out the largest voter turnout in history, defeat Trump, and transform this country. Join and in Iowa City: 
When workers organize to fight for fair wages and dignity, we all win. Congratulations to the members of for their historic victory – and we look forward to congratulating them in person this July. 
Trump has been attacking our campaign because he's getting nervous.Poll after poll shows that we are the strongest campaign to beat him, even in so-called "red" states like Texas.Together, we'll sweep him and all he stands for out of office.
Today I'm proud to endorse who will continue to be a strong advocate for real change as a member of Congress. Please chip in to Georgette's campaign today:  
I stand with and call on to give these workers the compensation and benefits that they deserve. 
The big money interests can run all the negative ads they want. It's not going to work. Our grassroots movement is stronger. 
Tonight: join and for a rally in Iowa City! RSVP here and find more information:  
If young people come out and vote in high numbers, we can fundamentally transform this country.
 I'm so grateful to receive the endorsement of who's running a grassroots campaign to fight for working peo…
On day one of my administration we will repeal all of Trump’s racist immigration orders.
Real change comes from the bottom on up, not the top on down. I'm proud to endorse for Congress. Together, we will build a movement to transform this nation so that it works for all our people.Make a contribution to Jessica's campaign here:  
I am proud to be endorsed by Together, we will fight for working people across this country and build a powerful movement to achieve justice for all. 
 So unbelievably consistent. 
 it takes courage to stay the course. 
 Steady, consistent convictions that you can trust when he's in the Oval Office 
Trump’s trade deal is a giveaway to the fossil fuel industry and a disaster for the climate. As the only leading Democratic candidate to oppose this deal, I pledge to fix it when I am president. 
 Please watch. I love the “Not me, us” slogan but I do so sincerely hope this guy is our next president. 
I will never stop fighting for the working people of this country. 
 Today! 
Averting the climate crisis and creating 20 million jobs.Ending all forms of environmental racism.Building a government that works for all of us, not just the 1% and fossil fuel corporations. 
New Hampshire: join our Get Out the Vote Concert Rally with on February 10th! Together, we can win this primary, defeat Trump, and transform the country into one that works for all.RSVP here:  
  
 Oh my god I love this ad. This is what the billionaires and corporate interests are scared of. Compassion. Fairness. De…
 The  movement will win because we are speaking truth and have the moral clarity needed to push back against t…
  It's no secret that we're taking on the political establishment and the big money interests, who are now r…
Tomorrow: join and for a rally in Iowa City! RSVP here and find more information:  
 I stand w/the 8,000 health care workers striking for safe staffing ; patient safety at Swedish.I encourag…
 Bring it! 
It's no secret that we're taking on the political establishment and the big money interests, who are now running attack ads against us in Iowa. But we have the people, and our grassroots movement will prevail. 
Medicare for All means freedom to choose your doctor and your hospital — not getting outrageous "out of network" bills like in our current system. 
Joe Biden said not a single scientist supported my climate plan. Well, Joe, you’re wrong. Scientists agree: we need a Green New Deal and we need it now:  
I am honored to receive the endorsement of one of the fastest-growing local unions in the nation — whose members share our progressive values and understand the critical importance of restoring workers' rights and expanding union membership.
We are Big Pharma's worst nightmare.
We are in a housing crisis, and the impact is disproportionately felt by low-wage workers, especially women. We need national rent control now. I applaud the and their legislative allies in Illinois for their work to address this crisis. 
In 2017, 10,000 people died waiting for Social Security Disability Insurance.Instead of addressing this crisis, Trump wants to make it harder for people with disabilities to get the help they need to get by.We will defeat him and undo this cruelty. 
 Excellent weekend in Las Vegas; meeting with organizers, Western Shoshone tribal leade…
This campaign is not just about me. It's about us.Together, we are going to win Iowa, defeat Trump and transform this nation. 
I have a message for the top 1% and the large profitable corporations in this country:Enjoy the massive tax breaks and loopholes you have right now.Under a Bernie Sanders administration, we're going to end them and invest in working people.
“We should not be scared of what will happen if we try. We should be scared of what will happen if we don’t.”  
 It’s time to pass 
My first executive orders will be to reverse every single thing President Trump has done to demonize and harm immigrants, including his racist and disgusting Muslim ban.
Parents must be able to get childcare without struggling to pay rent or buy food.Children must have the best possible head start in life.We are going to finally guarantee universal, quality, affordable childcare in this country.
I'm proud to stand with the brave janitors of and their allies who are risking arrest today in St. Louis to fight for living wages and respect on the job. 
There is nothing more important than building a movement to reject hate, fear, and division.This is how we honor the memory of those killed at Auschwitz-Birkenau, and ensure that such a crime against humanity never happens again. 
On this day 75 years ago, Allied forces liberated the Auschwitz-Birkenau death camp, the scene of the most horrific mass atrocity and genocide in history.Today we must remember the lessons of those dark days and acknowledge the danger of letting hate and anti-Semitism fester.
My father came to America at 17 without a nickel, speaking no English. He grew up to be the proudest American you ever saw. Trump's policy is disgraceful. It is not what America is about. We will defeat him and end his demonization of immigrants and the poor. 
The future of this planet is more important than the profits of the fossil fuel industry.
For 100 years, presidents have talked about the need to guarantee health care for all.Now is the time.We must make health care a right through Medicare for All. 
Our campaign is about doing something different. It's about lifting up the voices, struggles and power of working people.When we are in the White House, we will double union membership. We'll do it for workers like Alex, fighting for unions like
Seniors cannot live in dignity when they're trying to survive on $13,000 or $14,000 a year in Social Security benefits.We have some bad news for those who want to cut Social Security.We're not going to cut Social Security benefits.We're going to expand them.
Demagogues like Trump try to divide us up. Our movement is about coming together to create a nation where every person is able to live with dignity. Live rally in Sioux City with and 
A nation’s greatness is judged not by how many billionaires it has, but how it treats the people most in need. That’s the kind of nation we must become. Today I’m in Storm Lake, Iowa with and 
We are so close to the Iowa caucuses and I need your help to ensure we are successful. Join me, and live at our town hall in Perry, Iowa: 
Polls are one thing. Getting out the vote is something else. We need all the help we can get to make sure our movement is successful. Sign up here to knock doors in early states: 
Here's the truth: the billionaire class is fine with corporate socialism when it means they get billions in tax breaks and bailouts. 
 EDITORIAL:  vision of the presidency as 'organizer-in-chief' sets him apart from other candidates. It a…
“I support Bernie Sanders because I believe he will lead from a moral center borne of a lifelong commitment to serving the needs of the poor, the American worker, the single mother, the family farmer, the student in debt, the couple struggling to keep their home.” –Tim Robbins 
If you want to vote for Bernie in the California Democratic primary and registered No Party Preference (NPP), you MUST request a Democratic ballot. Click on this link to request your Democratic ballot today:  
 Rally in Ames completely full and so is a second gym we are using as overflow space. went to speak to them…
I cannot win this election alone. Together, we will build the movement to win and create a nation based on justice and dignity for all. Join me, and live in Ames: 
Every day the media and political establishment tell you: think small. Our campaign understands that if we stand together, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. I’m in Marshalltown, Iowa tonight with and 
This is the richest country on Earth and teachers shouldn’t have to work two or three jobs to put food on the table. We must pay all public school teachers at least $60,000 a year.
 UPDATE: is joining ; at tonight's rallly in Marshalltown 
It's nine days until the Iowa caucuses, and it looks like our opponents are pretty nervous that we're going to win.Good!Let's keep up the pressure. Chip in to our campaign here:  
No one should have to watch a loved one die because they don't have health insurance. I don't understand what is so radical about that.
If elected, I promise to be the most pro-union president in American history.
Our immigration system must live up to our ideals as a nation. Unlike Trump, we will welcome refugees and those seeking asylum, including those displaced by climate change.
 every day on our campaign something happens that makes all of us incredibly grateful to play a small part in building the po…
 Millions are struggling to provide a roof for their family. This is a national crisis. has a plan👇🏾🏘Build…
We’ve got a long way to go. It’s going to be a tough fight and we can't take anything for granted. Knock on doors. Make phone calls. Do everything you can. 
 Iowa co-chair ; national surrogate speaking with student leaders at the University of Iowa Afro H…
Nothing scares corporate America more than a powerful trade union movement.I have stood with unions my whole life and am so grateful for their support. Together we will double union membership in America. 
I don't think massive corporations like Amazon, Delta, Eli Lilly, FedEx, JetBlue and Netflix should continue to get away with paying $0 in federal income taxes.We're going to make them pay their fair share.And we're going to invest in the working people of this country.
Happy Lunar New Year to all those who are celebrating. We wish you and your loved ones peace, joy and good health.
 My bro out here tearing it up! 🔥🔥🔥  
 😭 we love you 
 Our slogan “Not Me, Us” has very much become reality since I’ve been in D.C. for Trump’s impeachment trial. You all are…
 brought senator with us.  
 gives me life. And it's movement makers and artists and organizers and truth-tellers that are going win thi…
 Brother just being real. Part of the move in the MOVEment! 
 This made smile ear to ear. Then cry my eyes out. Watch this.The political revolution is on. It’s about love and h…
I can't be in Iowa tonight. But just showed Iowa City the power of fighting for someone you don't know. 
 Livestream link to event here:  
 A pic of at our Iowa City rally(via phone) 
 Bernie calling in live 
Our slogan “Not Me, Us” has very much become reality since I’ve been in D.C. for Trump’s impeachment trial. You all are carrying the ball. Join our live town hall now from Iowa City with and 
The climate crisis is an existential threat, putting at risk our very existence. I have proposed the most aggressive, comprehensive plan to address this crisis. Why? Because we have no other choice. 
Have you ever avoided taking an ambulance because you could not afford it?
I may be stuck in Washington for Trump's impeachment trial, but this is what "Not Me, Us" is all about.There are hundreds of events you can join across the country to support our campaign.Help us keep the ball rolling and sign up at  
We are in the middle of a climate emergency. Our Green New Deal, which will create 20 million good-paying jobs, is the only proposal put forth by any candidate that is bold enough to address this crisis.
Young people: this is your election.If you turn out in record numbers we will not only beat Trump.We will ensure that climate catastrophe is prevented.
 "Sanders is uniquely ready to beat Trump because he embodies the opposite of Trumpism." 
“I have seen him listen and act, and that makes me very confident about his consistency, confident in his values, confident in his purpose and that he knows his purpose and that he’s going to follow it.”  
Abortion is health care.
Congratulations to labor activists and working class Minneapolitans on another hard fought victory to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. Now we must follow their lead and ensure a livable wage in all 50 states.
We have the lead. If we have the resources to hold it, we are going to win. Can you chip into our campaign today? Make a contribution here:  
 “a single story has the potential to move millions who see their story in yours.” 
 "When we step forward to share our stories, we realize we are not alone. We realize our issues are collective issues, and our pa…
 So honored to be a part of this video.Our video team is just incredible! 🥰 
 Us not me 
Together, we are far more powerful than the political and economic establishment thinks we are.
 I'm coming to Iowa!This weekend, I'll be coming down to campaign for our next president, kicking it o…
Congratulations for ensuring 31,000 state workers that care for veterans, protect our public lands, ensure clean air and water, maintain our roads and bridges, and protect Colorado’s quality of life, can negotiate. 
Young people should be very proud. They are the most progressive generation in history, and if they vote in high numbers they will transform America. Live from Grinnell College with 
I'm very proud to be Jewish and I look forward to becoming the first Jewish president in the history of this country. 
 Lived this Vice piece on 242 Main, the youth center designed, built, ; staffed by teenagers working w/ then-Mayor
Are you willing to fight for someone else as much as you're willing to fight for yourself? If we do that, we will transform this country. 
More lies.  
Catalyst Pharmaceuticals raised the price of a lifesaving drug from $0 to $375,000.Their greed is putting lives like Rebecca's in danger.When we are in the White House we will end their greed once and for all. 
“I think I'll probably vote for Bernie... He’s been insanely consistent his entire life. He’s basically been saying the same thing, been for the same thing his whole life. And that in and of itself is a very powerful structure to operate from.” -Joe Rogan 
This campaign is not just about me. It is about building a movement of human solidarity and saying that when one of us hurts, all of us hurt. 
Corporate greed has no place in health care. I stand with the 8,000 nurses and caregivers of in Washington state who are fighting for a fair contract and safe staffing at Health. 
“We’ve never, ever, ever in our lifetime had a candidate who will do more for working people than Bernie Sanders."  
 Everyday Americans will be richer and healthier with Medicare for All. 
Congratulations to San Francisco for taking this important step. When we are in the White House, we will end cash bail nationwide. No one should be in jail because they are too poor to post bail. 
The members of have once again proven why unions are so essential to workers. They went on strike for 84 days, and our public transit system is better for it. Thank you, 
 Sanders' ability to build trust—which he has proved he can do across race, class, and party lines—will translate into t…
“He’s unafraid and he’s unapologetic... I like the fact that he is willing to fight for a better America — for the least, the fallen, the left behind.”Thank you Dalhi Myers. Together, we will defeat the most dangerous president in modern history. 
I’m honored to receive UPTE-CWA 9119’s support. As president, I’ll continue to stand on the side of workers and unions like UPTE-CWA 9119 in the fight for a fair and just economy that works for all of us. 
Public libraries are essential to our communities. The workers who provide these vital services deserve adequate staffing and safe working conditions. I'm proud to stand in solidarity with the members of as they fight for a fair contract. 
That's funny. Jamie Dimon seemed fine with corporate socialism when his bank got a $416 billion bailout from American taxpayers. 
 In which I use my own personal bannanagrams tiles to promote and his plan to change the health care system h…
The time is long, long, long overdue for Medicare for All. Watch the premiere of our new video series on health care in America, narrated by 
It's time for Medicare for All. Tune in at 5 pm ET on  for the premiere of our new video series on health care in America, narrated by 
Over and over, Donald Trump promised Americans that he would not cut Social Security and Medicare.He lied.When we win, we're not going to just protect Social Security and Medicare, we're going to expand them.
The right to an abortion is a fundamental right.Our administration will codify abortion rights into federal law, pass Medicare for All which repeals the Hyde Amendment, and only appoint judges who will defend 
The way we beat Trump is with the largest voter turnout in the history of the country.We win it with a campaign of energy and excitement.We are that campaign.
I stand with the educators of in Oregon in their fight for better treatment and just wages. Educators in the richest country on Earth should not have to struggle to get by. 
What's "unrealistic" is thinking we will let fossil fuel companies continue to destroy the planet.The outrageous greed of companies like BP got us into this crisis.We are going to solve the climate crisis, end their greed and hold them accountable for the damage they caused. 
 Thank you Patricia!
Anyone looking at our country's dysfunctional health care system has to ask, "How the hell did we get here?"Today at 5 pm ET on  watch our new video series, narrated by on the history of our broken system and why we need Medicare for All. 
 Bon Iver and Vampire Weekend will play shows in support of Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary ahead of the Iowa cau…
 Let's do what we all should have done. See you there!  
I'm very excited to announce our two caucus concerts, with in Clive and (acoustic) in Cedar Rapids! RSVP here:1/31 with Bon Iver in Clive: 2/1 with Vampire Weekend (acoustic) in Cedar Rapids: 
 Great news, but we are not letting up!  is winning because of bold ideas, steadfastness ; cla…
Let’s be honest, Joe. One of us fought for decades to cut Social Security, and one of us didn’t. But don’t take it from me. Take it from you. 
Our country is facing a crisis in mental health.We must treat addiction as a health issue, not a criminal issue.And we must say that mental health care is part of health care. Mental health care will be covered under Medicare for All.
 I would agree 
To restore our one person, one vote democracy, we must pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United and stop the slide to oligarchy.
I stand with the working people of the coalition as they fight for a minimum wage of $15 an hour. Workers should not have to choose between rent, health care and food every month. We must guarantee a living wage for all. 
 “Not me, Us” means building a mass movement for social, economic, and racial justice.And movement means we carry and care for on…
Health care should not be a privilege. It must be a right.Tune in tomorrow at 5 pm ET on  for the premiere of our new video series on Medicare for All, narrated by 
“He has integrity and honesty and I feel like I would trust him in office to make the best decisions, and not just politically motivated decisions.” 
Making health care a right.A living wage for all.Reproductive rights.Immigration reform.Criminal justice reform.Addressing climate change.Making higher education tuition-free.These are not radical ideas—they are what the American people want. 
The top 1% own more than twice as much wealth as the rest of humanity combined.We live in a world where a handful of billionaires have extraordinary control over the economic and political life of the global community.I don't think that's the world we should be living in.
Thank you to the for coming out in support of a Medicare for All, single-payer health care system. Together we will end the disgrace of a system designed to put corporate profits over Americans' health. 
When I am in the White House, we will immediately launch the decade of the Green New Deal, a 10-year, nationwide mobilization to solve our climate crisis centered around justice and equity. The science is clear. We must act immediately on the climate crisis.  
"One of the things I think is so powerful about his campaign is the empowerment of everyday working people." –Dionna Langford, Des Moines School Board 
 Last night with ; 750+ passionate ; progressive Iowans ready for change!  
Today marks 10 years since the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision, which allows corporations to spend unlimited money on elections.We are going to overturn that decision and get corporate money out of politics.Read our plan here:
We're taking on the entire damn 1% on this campaign.They may have the money. But we have the people.We can build the kind of movement that can take them on and win. Chip in to our grassroots movement before the next FEC deadline: 
We cannot keep a system that forces people with disabilities into nursing homes and institutions to pad the profits of their insurance companies. We’ll end Iowa’s privatized system that lets insurers make money by denying care to people with disabilities.
With his billionaire friends in Davos, Trump claims "America's extraordinary prosperity."Meanwhile, income and wealth inequality explodes, half our people live paycheck to paycheck, and more than 500,000 are homeless.We need "extraordinary prosperity" for workers, not the 1%.
We need a government that believes in justice, not greed.
A growing number of doctors are sick and tired of the enormous waste and bureaucracy in our cruel and dysfunctional health care system.Medicare for All will give doctors the freedom to focus on making their patients healthy, not making health insurance executives wealthy. 
 What some call radical, and I call common sense.  
 I’m about to take the stage in Des Moines where I’ll formally endorse for President.Tune in! 
Together we can create a nation that leads the world in the struggle for peace and for economic, racial, social and environmental justice. Join us live in Des Moines with Rep. 
One year from today we will swear in a new president.When we stand together, when we reject the forces of greed, hatred and bigotry, we can be incredibly powerful.Let's take our movement to the White House and transform this country into the nation we know we can become. 
 Came to Las Vegas for the magic and stayed for the movement. ✊So excited to be making my first stop for in…
 I love this man 
 It’s an honor to endorse  along with my fabulous Progressive Caucus Co-Chair  America ne…
"The policy of Sanders' campaign, much like the Poor People's Campaign of Dr. King, or Eugene Debs' campaign 100 years ago before him, it is aligned for all people."  
Our job is not just to remember the history of Dr. King. It is to absorb his revolutionary spirit and apply it today. And that means we will fight racism in every part of American society.  
If we do not allow Trump and his friends to divide us by the color of our skin, where we were born, our sexual orientation or our religion—if we stand together, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish in the fight for racial, economic, social and environmental justice.
Together, we are going to live up the values Dr. King espoused and end the hatred coming from the Trump administration. Join us live at King Day at the Dome in South Carolina.  
 OP-ED: In Honoring King's Legacy, We Must Commit to The Work That Cost Him His Life | | BlackPressUSA 
Dr. King put his life on the line, time and time again, in the struggle for racial, economic and social justice.Let us do more than honor and remember Dr. King.Let us be faithful to his revolutionary spirit and his call for a “radical revolution of values.” 
Well, we thought we were setting a big goal of 5 million calls before the Iowa caucus.Apparently it wasn’t big enough. It took just over two weeks for you to make 5 million calls, so we’re setting a new goal: Help us reach 10 million calls at  
This is a crisis. We need national rent control. 
 PRAMILA!!!  Just leaving New Hampshire after a great swing with and with this news, I have never felt more c…
We’re 15 days to Iowa and is live from headquarters with an update on our campaign’s path to victory. 
It's time to end austerity for working families and put a little austerity on the billionaire class.
Our democracy and our planet cannot afford another four years of Trump. This is the most important election of our lives and winning this is going to take all of us. Join us live for our town hall from Conway, NH: 
 Progressives united to defeat Donald Trump. 💪💪💪Proud to work alongside every day and excited stand with he…
 I’m all in for Join us! 
 Rep. Pramila Jayapal, a leading liberal, endorses Sanders for president 
 I'm all in for for President! Bernie has the bold passion, authenticity ; clarity that working people ac…
 This is yuge!!! 
 🚨 Really big deal - has endorsed Bernie Sanders for President.Pramila is a major leader in the House, carries th…
Rep. has been a brilliant leader for progressive ideas. She's led the fight against Trump's racism, sexism and xenophobia. Together, we will defeat Trump and build a working class movement and transform this country so it works for all. 
Wow! Thank you Exeter for coming out on a cold day to be a part of this movement. We can win the New Hampshire primary but I need your help. Get on the phones, knock doors, do whatever you can. Sign up at  
In the last few days, Trump and the Republican Party have been attacking our campaign. It looks like the most dangerous president in history is getting nervous, and he should be. Join me, ; in Manchester, NH: 
I was honored to speak at the Seacoast Women’s March in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, today, and join the many thousands of people marching across the country. We will bring people together in the fight for justice and equality everywhere. 
The Trump administration abandoned Puerto Rico in the wake of Hurricane Maria. We will do no such thing. I stand with the people of Puerto Rico, and my administration will do everything we can to rebuild the island and prevent terrible tragedies like this. 
Our campaign is not just about defeating Trump and electing Bernie Sanders president. It's about creating an unprecedented movement for justice in this country. Join me, ; in NH: 
Three years ago, the told America and the entire world that we will not accept the divisiveness, racism, sexism, homophobia, xenophobia, or religious bigotry of Donald Trump.Thank you to the thousands of thousands of women continuing to speak up and show up.
I refuse to accept an economy where our younger generations have a lower standard of living than their parents.That's not what America is about.That is why we're going to build an economy that works for all, not just the wealthy and massive corporations. 
Some 40 million of our people live in poverty. The American people deserve to hear from all candidates on how we will confront this moral crisis. I stand with and in calling for a national forum on poverty. 
When we are in the White House we will never stop fighting for justice and equality for all women. Join me live in Portsmouth, NH with 
Donald Trump wants to privatize the Postal Service and threaten over 630,000 jobs. That absolutely cannot happen. I’m proud to stand with the postal workers of Local 44 as we fight to strengthen USPS, protect jobs and allow post offices to provide basic banking services. 
Democracy means one person, one vote. In my view, someone making the minimum wage should have the same amount of political influence as a multibillionaire.
“We need to get our country back on track, and Bernie is the leader to do it. Bernie refuses to give in to the big money and corporate power.” -Jeffrey Sachs, Columbia University professor and U.N. adviser 
Class warfare goes on in the U.S. right now.It looks like drug companies raising the price of insulin so that poor diabetics cannot afford to live.It looks like the rich getting $1 trillion in tax breaks while working people are thrown off food stamps and Medicaid.
The decision to get an abortion is for a woman to make with her doctor—not extremist politicians who want to control women's bodies. We will not stop fighting to protect the constitutional right to abortion. 
Let’s be clear about who is rigging what: it is Donald Trump’s action to use the power of the federal government for his own political benefit that is the cause of the impeachment trial. Democrats are going to unite to sweep him out of the White House in November. 
You shouldn't lose your health insurance if you lose your job.You shouldn't lose your health insurance if you get divorced.You shouldn't lose your health insurance if you turn 26.You should never lose your health insurance.Medicare for All now.
 y’all, the u of m doesn’t start classes again until tuesday.this is the crew that came through to vote early today fo…
 Voted for  Hope you do too. 
Americans should not be paying 20 or 30% of their incomes on health care.We must have the guts to take on the insurance and drug companies.It won't be easy, but that is what we have to do. 
The criminalization of marijuana has been a disaster.We need to legalize it.We need to expunge past convictions.And we need to invest in communities destroyed by the war on drugs.
The American people have had enough.They are sick and tired of profitable corporations like Amazon, General Motors, Eli Lilly and Delta making billions in profits yet paying nothing in federal income taxes.I've had enough too.We're going to make them pay their fair share.
Americans' right to vote is fundamental and must never be taken away.
 Early voting in Minnesota starts today!And we are ready for  
What Evelyn Yang is doing is incredibly brave. I thank her for speaking out and sharing her heartbreaking story. We must do everything we can to eradicate sexual assault in this country and hold perpetrators accountable. 
 Taking our government back from corporate interests means:🚫🤑 Running a campaign that's funded by people, not billionaire…
We are the only campaign that has proposed eliminating all outstanding medical debt. It is unconscionable that in America we punish people for the "crime" of getting sick with outrageous debt or bankruptcy.
What a disgrace. Enough with the racist and unconstitutional efforts to deny people their right to vote. If you are an American citizen you must be able to vote. End of discussion. 
The American people are sick and tired of a government that only works for the corporate elite and wealthy campaign donors. Together, we are going to change that. Join me live from our campaign headquarters: 
What sacrifices have you had to make in order to afford health insurance?
 In Nevada, has secured his latest in a flurry of endorsements this week:“The Clark County Black Caucus re…
No more endless wars.
I don't think we should live in a society where people refuse to take an ambulance because they can't afford it. Medicare for All now.
We can and we will win this primary and defeat Trump.But I cannot do it alone.If you've been waiting for the right time to join our movement, the time is now.Sign up here: 
Tens of thousands of Americans die every year because they don't have the health care that they need. I think the American people have a right to be angry about that.
 ¡Orgullosamente respaldamos a para presidente!Sanders está comprometido a parar las deportaciones, pon…
Cancel all student debt and tax Wall Street to pay for it.
As one of the only candidates opposing Trump's trade deal, I want to thank Sen. for joining this fight. USMCA will make climate change worse. We will do better when I’m president. 
Big surprise!The corporate wing of the Democratic Party—which called me “an existential threat"—is attacking us again because our agenda of fighting for working people is very popular and threatens corporate elites who fill their pockets.We’re making them nervous. Keep it up. 
The top 1% increased their wealth by $21 trillion in the last 30 years. Meanwhile half our people are living paycheck-to-paycheck. The American people have a right to be angry about that.
 I am proud to endorse for President of the United States.After three years of Trump, Wisconsinites want som…
I’m so proud that is supporting our movement and will chair our campaign in Wisconsin. With Mark’s help, we will win Wisconsin in 2020 and defeat Donald Trump. 
One year ago, educators, parents, students, and community members took to the picket line to fight for a better education for young people. Shoulder to shoulder, won a brighter future for every public school student in LA.   
Wall Street hates us.Drug companies hate us.Insurance companies hate us.The fossil fuel industry hates us.The military industrial complex hates us.The 1% hates us.You know why?Because we're going to take on their greed and corruption.And we're going to win.
Time and time again Trump has failed the people of Puerto Rico. We must stop treating Puerto Rico like a colony and start treating the people of Puerto Rico with the respect and dignity that they deserve.We must do everything we can to help Puerto Rico rebuild. 
I don't spend my time in mansions talking to big-dollar donors about our campaign behind closed doors. We're doing our campaign update to our donors and supporters right here, right now, with all of you. Join us live: 
I’ll be live tonight at 8 PM ET with an update on our path to victory. Our campaign is bringing millions of peple together to transform this country so it works for all of us, not just the few. Watch live here: 
I have no problem standing up to the fossil fuel industry.I have no problem standing up to Big Pharma.I have no problem standing up to the crooks on Wall Street.I have no problem standing up to the NRA.Together, we're going to take them on and win.
“We remain committed to continuing a progressive movement made up of women and men, black and white, gay and straight. The message is unity.” 
Snow plow drivers do important, difficult and dangerous work, leaving their families day and night in order to keep our roads safe. The members of in Duluth are fighting for benefits they deserve, and I stand with them. 
I'm feeling pretty energized, but I still can't make 5 million calls on my own.That's where you come in.Can you make calls to voters to make sure we are in a position to win the primary and complete the political revolution? 
Congratulations Virginia! This historic moment is long, long overdue. Our fight for women's rights will not stop until equal access to health care, equal pay and equal rights are a reality for every woman in America. 
 The campaign is about unifying people across our country - not dividing them up by race, ethnicity or gend…
 In 2015, asked us all for a political revolution.So we went out, and we became political revolutionaries,…
 "We have been organizing to survivie ; organizing to live. But now we want to organize to transform society ; our lives.…
Why is Donald Trump attacking our campaign?Because we are the strongest campaign to defeat him, and he knows it. 
 is driving progressive change across the state. We are proud to work with this incredible organization as we build a diverse, working-class movement to achieve economic, racial, social and environmental justice for every American. 
“We need a leader that stands next to the people and not in front of the people, and is really listening to what we need.Bernie Sanders has been on the front line ready to listen to us.”-Adilka Pimentel, 
 Make the Road Action is an amazing, deeply grounded group with fearless organizers representing immigrant communities a…
  is in. Huge. 
 Let’s do this!! 
 Thank you for helping build our multiracial movement for justice! 
 One of NY’s biggest immigrant rights groups says they’re in for : 
It’s an honor to have the endorsement of Together we will create a humane immigration system, stand up for tenants’ and workers’ rights as we tackle corporate greed, and stop the mass criminalization of Black and Brown people across this country. 
 "We are seeing Australia burning. We saw California burning. The drought here in Iowa is going to make it harder for farmer…
This is our time to create an America that works for all of us and not just the few. Chip in any amount to support our campaign. 
This is the moment where we have got to think big, not small. This is the moment when we have got to have the courage to take on the 1% and the greed and corruption of the corporate elite.  
We will take on the fossil fuel industry and their lies, and tell them that their short-term profits are not more important than the future of this planet. That is what the Green New Deal does.  
We should not be giving tax breaks to billionaires and telling moms and dads in this country we cannot afford universal childcare. 
Medicare for All ends all premiums.Medicare for All ends all deductibles.Medicare for All ends all co-pays.And it provides high-quality care to all people, not just those who can afford it.  
 During the first hour of tonight's debate: 1. donors made more than 15,000 donations, a rate of 250 donat…
We’ve talked about health care for all in this country for 100 years.NOW is the time to take on the greed of the insurance companies and provide health care to every person in America.It won’t be easy, but that is what we have to do. 
Medicare for All will cost substantially less than the status quo. 
I am sick and tired of trade agreements negotiated by the CEOs of large corporations. 
We can do much better than a Trump-led trade deal that does not even have the phrase “climate change” in it.  
Our infrastructure is crumbling.Half our people live paycheck to paycheck.87 million are uninsured or underinsured.500,000+ are homeless.The American people are sick and tired of endless wars which have cost us trillions of dollars. 
The war in Iraq turned out to be the worst foreign policy blunder our country has ever made.I voted against that war. I did everything I could to prevent that war.Joe Biden cannot say the same.  
I voted against and led the effort against the war in Iraq.I helped lead the effort to pass the first War Powers Resolution to end support for the war in Yemen.We must create a world where we solve problems at the negotiating table, not through military conflicts.  
I wrote the damn bill.  
 I owe the American people an apology. Please don’t fall for this trick from the health insurance industry (and the pol…
Thank you, Together we will stop Trump's trade deal that ignores the planetary crisis of climate change. We need a trade policy that takes climate change seriously – this is not that deal. 
We may not have billionaires or their money, but we have the people. We're going to beat Trump and beat him badly. 
I’m proud to have fought to protect and expand Social Security. As president, that is exactly what I will continue to do.
 Sometimes it feels like our world is falling apart, but REAL change is all around us.Every conversation, protest, canv…
Congratulations to the on their historic union contract. We will not rest until we have fair and equal pay, health care, paid leave, and child care for all. 
No cuts to Social Security. Not now. Not ever.
We have the momentum and the movement to win. If we stand together and keep our eye on the prize, there is nothing we cannot accomplish. Join us live from Iowa City with Bernie 2020 Iowa Co-Chair and Dr. 
I stand with these miners who must be paid what they have earned. We will not abandon coal workers and fossil fuel-dependent communities as we transition to a clean energy system. We will ensure a just transition for all. 
I am proud to have fought my whole career to not only protect Social Security from disastrous cuts, but to expand it so that all our people can retire with dignity.
When you look at my record vs. Joe Biden's record, I just don't think that Biden's record is going to bring forth the energy that we need to defeat Trump. 
 We are looking forward to working with to help change the public education system for the better 🍎 
This is the richest country on Earth.There is no reason why we should not have the best public educational system in the world.Together with we are going to make that a reality. 
Thank you for your support! Together, we will finally give teachers a much-deserved raise, reinvest in public education and create an education system that benefits students no matter their background or socioeconomic status. 
I am a son of the working class.I have stood up and fought for working families my whole life.That is who I am.
We will build an immigration system that is based on justice, not fear.
Trump and Republicans have been attacking us over and over and over again the last few days.In other words, the most dangerous president in modern American history is getting a little nervous. 
Workers in the cannabis industry deserve respect and fair wages. I encourage Cresco Labs workers in Joliet to vote yes for the union on Tuesday. As president, I will lead the fight to double union membership in this country. 
 I was honored to introduce in Iowa City, Iowa today. With Bernie as president, we will stop the unconstitution…
This week, tens of thousands of teachers across Florida are rallying to demand real support for their public schools.I am proud to stand with them in this struggle against underfunding, privatization, and draconian high-stakes testing.
 "As the importance of climate change climbs in the polls, a recent endorsement from the national Sunrise Movement might dr…
 As we oppose the drums of war, here is - alone - addressing the empty chairs of our elected officials long go…
All people have the right to protest without fear of violence. I call upon the Iranian government to respect that right. The Iranian people's future is theirs to determine, and I stand with all who seek a future of peace, dignity, and equality. 
This is not just a campaign. This is a political movement.Real change never takes place from the top on down.Change takes place from the bottom on up.
“It means the world to me to be on Bernie’s side because I know that’s the right side of history. He’s the guy to do it. He is the man to beat Trump.”  
Thank you for running an inspiring campaign to make this the country based on love and justice we know we can become. I look forward to working together to defeat Trump, end his hatred, and lift up working people everywhere. 
As part of our federal jobs guarantee, if I am president, Larry David will have a good job for the next four years. 
When politicians say that climate change is not real, it’s not just that they’re lying.It’s not just that they’re rejecting science.They are turning their backs on their own children and future generations.
 We’re gonna win.Join us: 📸: 
 As Rep.  warmed up the crowd for  here in Iowa, all I could do was smile.The energy here is…
I’m honored to receive support.The labor movement helped build the middle class and strong unions are key to reviving it today.As president, I’ll continue to stand with unions in the fight for a fair and just economy that works for all.
It is not freedom when you have to work three jobs just to survive. It is time to say that real freedom must include a living wage and economic security.
The fossil fuel industry's short-term profits are not more important than the future of our planet! Join us live from Iowa City as we rally for a Green New Deal with and the 
It means you’re going to lose. 
If we are going to save this planet we must have the courage to take on the fossil fuel industry and Wall Street's endless greed. We will:-End offshore drilling-Stop pipeline projects-Ban fracking-Stop exports of liquefied natural gas and crude oil 
If you think for a single second that the financial establishment of this country is going to let us win this election without a fight, you are sorely mistaken. Can you make a contribution to our campaign to help us win this primary? 
Al Johnson did some of the most important work someone can do—to spread peace and stand with the oppressed. In honor of Al, the Nashua community knocked 5,000 doors yesterday and our campaign dedicated our Nashua office to him. 
There are only 22 days until the Iowa Caucus. It's time to get rolling. Can you take a trip to help our campaign win in the essential early states? Sign up here:  
Today: join our climate rally for a Green New Deal and 20 million good-paying jobs in Iowa City with and RSVP here:   
The Constitution is very clear: It is Congress, not the president, who decides when we go to war.Congress must do everything it can to prevent war with Iran.Please add your name if you agree:
This is a campaign for students.We are going to cancel ALL student debt.We are going to make public colleges, universities and trade schools tuition- and debt-free.We are going to ensure young people have a livable planet with a Green New Deal. 
 Hello New Hampshire! The Granite State showing us real change comes from the people... that’s where the power is 💪🏾31 day…
 All across the state, there is enthusiasm for Iowa is responding to his message of stopping the war in Iran. Lov…
If you have health insurance, you'd think you can go to the doctor when you need to.Nope!Not if you have an outrageous deductible that you cannot afford.We are going to eliminate deductibles, premiums and co-pays with Medicare for All.
This should be a country that works for working people, not just the billionaire class and wealthy campaign contributors. Join me and live in Davenport, Iowa: 
 Thank you Melissa!
We set an outrageous goal of 5,000,000 calls to voters in the month of January.With your help, we're going to make it.Start calling voters now to help us win the primary: 
 . in  “With these hands we will elect ⁦ for President of the United States!”…
 Over 5 inches of snow on the ground did not deter volunteers from coming out to canvass in Ankeny and Des Moin…
 So had an idea. Let’s stop on the road and do a small coffee shop event with We’ll say hi t…
Recently, our campaign has been the target of attacks from Trump and the Republican Party—because they are catching on that our campaign is THE campaign that can and will defeat them.
 The endorsement from for sends a strong, powerful msg that young people in this country want…
In January of 1991, one of the first votes I cast in Congress was against the war in Iraq.A decade after that first war in Iraq, I voted against yet another war in the same country.That was the right vote.We must end our endless wars. 
Are you ready to transform this country into one that works for all of us, end the greed of the billionaire class and make corporations pay their fair share in taxes? Join us in Newton, Iowa: 
Public housing residents should not be forced to live in unhealthy and unsafe conditions.The Green New Deal for Public Housing I introduced with will ensure that public housing residents in Durham and across America live in safe homes.
This campaign is about human solidarity.Are you willing to fight for someone without health care even if you have insurance?Are you willing to fight for immigrants even if you are native-born?Are you willing to fight for America's children even if you have none?
There is power in a union. Congratulations to for this victory. This is the result of the union fighting for years to get these workers the justice they deserve.
Our job is to offer a vision that one day human beings on this planet will live in a world where international conflicts are resolved peacefully, not by mass murder.
Teachers are leading the fight for the schools our students deserve and we are ready to fight for them. Join an Educators for Bernie organizing call Sunday at 4 p.m. ET with and Register here:  
Since it was signed into law in 1935, Social Security has been one of the most successful programs in our history.Everyone must be able to retire with dignity.As president I will fight—as I have my entire political career—to not only protect Social Security but expand it. 
 We know that it's going to take a movement of young people to successfully demand and pass a  why we…
Wealth of the top 1% since 1989:+$21 trillionWealth of the bottom 50% since 1989:-$900 billionThat is a rigged economy.I'm running for president because we need a government and economy that work for all of us, not just a privileged few at the top. 
I have met with the mothers who have lost their children in war.I have met with the people who came back without arms and legs and with PTSD.War is a horror.And it is time that politicians understood we must do everything we can to avoid war. 
This is our time to complete the political revolution and create a government for all.But I cannot do it alone. Now is the time to join our campaign and help us finish what we started.Donate or sign up to volunteer at  
Utterly shameful. This is not what America is supposed to be about. Under my administration we will not turn our backs on refugees. 
"Bernie Sanders has a backbone. That’s what it is to have integrity. That’s what it is to have courage and conviction and commitment and that consistency over time and space." –Dr. 
 "This is not the time to silence those who are speaking out.” — Maren Costa, Amazon designer who says she was threatened with ter…
Corporations that outsource American jobs, pay workers starvation wages and bust unions should not expect to get any lucrative federal contracts from a Bernie Sanders administration.
Political elites wonder why so many young people support our campaign.If you listen to young people, you'll hear they're worried about the climate crisis, student debt, endless war, affording decent housing and having health care.It's simple: We are listening to young people.
I'm not afraid of fossil fuel billionaires attacking me. I'm afraid of leaving behind a planet that is uninhabitable for our kids and grandkids.
I will do everything I can to stop a war with Iran.
We live in a nation where today's children have only ever known endless war. I don't think that is the kind of nation we should be. End the endless wars. 
 Bernie upon seeing Larry David at Today show: "Cousin!!" 
Medicare for All now. 
 I am endorsing for President. His fierce support for  is incredibly important to me and I beli…
Young people are showing the courage to lead the fight against a climate disaster when many of our leaders won’t lift a finger. They do not deserve to be arrested – they deserve to be applauded and heard. 
 TONIGHT: wants to make sure Trump can't unilaterally take the country to war without authorization from…
 This is surreal. We started off as a group of young people terrified about the climate crisis but inspired by
I won my first election to become Mayor of Burlington by just 10 votes.10 votes.Do not let the billionaire class convince you that your vote does not matter.We need you involved in the political process.
Thank you to the for their very, very important endorsement.You are leading this country in the fight against the existential crisis of climate change.Together, we will win and save this planet for our kids and grandkids. 
Donald Trump is attacking us because he knows we will beat him in the general election. 
This veteran was deported after six years of service.That is not what our country should ever be about.I will ensure the return of deported veterans and use my executive authority to allow the family of veterans to live without fear of deportation. 
 Thinking back on this  to being Dir. of the Mayor’s Youth Office. Mayor-elect first meeting was abt h…
Trump’s attack on people with disabilities is disgusting. We will undo his cruelty on day one of my presidency. Together, we'll protect and expand disability rights. 
The scientists are clear. We do not have time to waste. We need a Green New Deal. We must ban fracking. We must transition to 100% renewable energy as quickly as possible. 
 Major endorsement. Sanders is seen by this breakout youth climate movement as the best candidate to effectively and rapidly t…
 Bernie Sanders is the climate candidate.  
We need a Green New Deal.
“Bernie is extremely genuine. He’s consistent. He’s powerful, not because of who he is as one person, but because of the way he invigorates people and excites them, and brings together this movement.”  
You know what would scare the hell out of the fossil fuel industry?Millions of young people turning out to vote to end their greed and save the planet.
“The climate crisis isn’t 30 or 40 or 50 years in the future. It is right now.We need a president in office who understands the immediate threat of that crisis, and Bernie Sanders is that guy.”  of 
 Today, is officially endorsing for President.Seeing millions of young ppl get involved w/poli…
 “We believe a Presidency would provide the best political terrain in which to engage in and ultimately win…
 Thank you Sunrise! The movement continues to grow 
 The climate change activists closely tied to Rep. formally endorses for president.More mo…
Thanks to the tireless efforts to avert climate catastrophe, our nation is finally recognizing the need to act boldly and quickly.I'm honored to receive their endorsement.Together, we'll launch the Green New Deal and build a more just and equitable future. 
As the Feb. 3 Iowa caucus approaches, Iowans face a choice.Are we going to settle for a status quo that is leaving so many behind?Or are we going to come together to finally transform our country so that our government works for all of us? 
This is extremely generous. But it shouldn't take an NBA star's generosity to stop medical debt from crushing Americans.We are going to eliminate ALL past-due medical debt in America. 
 Our folks choose and the movement of everyday people with him for President. Read the full statement at…
  telling it like it is. Our bail system is racist and classist. Allowing people to stay in their homes…
Our cash bail system is a disgrace that disproportionately hurts Black, Brown and poor Americans. New York did the right thing by reforming its bail law and must not go backwards.When we are in the White House, we will end cash bail nationally. 
Thank you for your support and for the incredible work you are doing. Young people have the ability to create powerful change. Together, we are going to create a nation where every person is able to live with justice and dignity. 
I was proud to stand with in their strike to win the school resources Chicago's students deserve. Chicago Public Schools must live up to their agreement, bargain in good faith and give veteran teachers the respect they have earned. 
No Child Left Behind became law 18 years ago today.I voted against it, and that was the right vote.High stakes testing has robbed students of the joys of learning and adds to teacher burnout.We need a system where kids can learn in a holistic manner.
 The climate crisis has only gotten worse. To change that, we are going to need a movement, powered by people. 
Today 45 million Americans owe some $1.6 trillion in student loan debt.If the middle class could bail out Wall Street, Wall Street can bail out the middle class.We'll cancel student debt and pay for it with a tax on Wall Street.
 It’s the 18th anniv of  voted against NCLB and voted for it. Bernie: “We do not need an…
 Today would've been Shalynne's 26th b-day.I remember her birth ; feeling a love stronger than I'd imagined possible.…
We must not view America only as a population of disconnected individuals.We must view ourselves as part of “an inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny,” as Dr. King put it.That is how we'll realize our vision of justice and dignity for all.
 I'm proud to endorse the most progressive, popular, and electable candidate for President:  htt…
As president, I will reverse this disastrous rule on day one of my presidency. Together, we will guarantee every person with a disability the right to live in the community with dignity and independence.
10,000 Americans died waiting for Social Security Disability Insurance in 2017. Instead of addressing this crisis, Trump wants to make it harder for people with disabilities to get the help they need to get by.Unacceptable. We must protect and expand SSDI and SSI. 
If we get involved in a war in Iran, in all likelihood it will be even worse than the war in Iraq. 
 BREAKING: Senator will be guest on The Late Show this Thursday, January 9th at 11:35/1…
 This morning, I am proud to announce my endorsement of Senator for President. Together, we will defeat T…
We need more jobs and education. Not more jails and incarceration.
Insulin costs 10 times more in the U.S. than in Canada.For the same damn product made by the same damn company, Americans are charged 10 times more.We are going to end that thievery in this country.
We must do everything we can to help Puerto Rico—which is still rebuilding from Hurricane Maria two years ago—in the wake of this earthquake. Time and time again the Trump administration has failed the people of Puerto Rico. That has got to end. 
Our fight now is not just Democrat versus Republican. It is democracy versus oligarchy.
Joe Biden helped lead the effort for the war in Iraq.He voted for trade deals that cost us millions of jobs.He pushed a bankruptcy bill that has been disastrous for working families.That is not the kind of record that will bring forth the energy we need to defeat Trump. 
 Hoy celebramos el Día de Reyes. Que la paz, perseverancia y sabiduría de los tres Reyes Magos nos acompañen hoy y siem…
This campaign has never been just about electing a president of the United States—as enormously important as that is.This campaign is about transforming America.It's about understanding that real change never takes place from the top on down, but always from the bottom on up.
If Congress wants to go to war — and I will vote against that — but if Congress wants to go to war, let Congress have the guts to vote for war. Do not let this president take unilateral action. 
Pundits and consultants may not understand our campaign.But the people get it.They're coming by the thousands to our rallies and town halls.They're chipping in $5 at a time.They understand that if we all do what we can, we can beat the billionaire class at their own game.
Congratulations to Sports Illustrated staff for organizing with I hope other workers in media follow their example and join a union. Now more than ever, we need a strong labor movement across all industries. 
We need Medicare for All.But to create a healthy society we also must end poverty and provide decent-paying jobs.We need education, a clean environment, and equal opportunity regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, or where you are from.Those are health issues too.
I believe the House and the Senate must act quickly to advance legislation that reasserts Congress’s constitutional authority over war. We must prohibit any funding for offensive military force in or against Iran without authorization.
The unintended consequences of the Iraq War show us why we must stand up to Trump, do everything possible to prevent a war with Iran, and end endless wars.
After 16 years of war in Iraq, trillions of dollars, the deaths of 4,500 U.S. troops and hundreds of thousands of Iraqis, the Iraqi government is now trying to throw us out of their country. All that suffering, all that death, all that huge expenditure of money, for what?
Our average donation:-$18The most common occupation of our donors:-TeachersThe most common employers of our donors:-Walmart-Starbucks-Amazon-Target-U.S. Postal ServiceThis is a campaign of, by and for the working class of America.
More than any other campaign, our campaign is about bringing millions of people into the political process for the first time. That is the only way Trump will be defeated. 
 As Executive Councilor and candidate for NH Governor, I endorse Sen Bernie Sanders for President. Have a listen.  
"Education. Climate action. Health care access. Addressing income inequality.There is no presidential candidate who better fits my profile of how to make our state and our nation a better place than Bernie Sanders."  
The last I heard, dental care is health care. That's why we cover it as a right under Medicare for All.
I'm proud to have opposed all of Trump’s military budgets.
It's nearly 17 years since the war in Iraq started.4,500 American service members killed.Tens of thousands wounded.Hundreds of thousands of Iraqis killed.Trillions of dollars spent.All of that suffering. All of that death. All of those huge expenditures of money. For what?
 We projected about 150 people would be able to come out to Boone on a Sunday morning.We were wrong. Over 430 Iowans are…
 Rollin w SNT in Des Moines Canvass Launch w/ Team Iowa 
This is the year we defeat Trump! The only way to beat Trump is with a massive voter turnout and a campaign that excites and energizes young people and working people. We are that campaign. Live from Boone, Iowa: 
Health insurance deductibles should not exist.
We are going to win because believe in building a nation, economy and government that work for all of us, not just the 1% and wealthy campaign contributors. Join us in Mason City, Iowa: 
"It's humiliating. Honestly, Bern, it's humiliating."This is the richest country on Earth.No one should be scared of taking an ambulance, or seeing a doctor, or going to the ER because they cannot afford it. 
  in Grundy Center, Iowa, population 2,706 — “Is anyone left in the town or is everybody here?” 
I cannot win the fight to restore democracy and defeat powerful special interests alone. That is why our campaign is building a multiracial, working-class movement based on human solidarity. Join us live in Iowa: 
I want every kid in America to understand that if they want to, they will be able to go to college or trade school regardless of their income.
I apologize to nobody for my working class roots.I apologize to nobody that I'm the son of an immigrant.I apologize to nobody that, as president, our administration will take on the greed and corruption of the corporate elite.
I’m 78. I plead guilty. But there is an advantage—you can check my record going back a long way. And I have stood up and fought for working families my entire life. 
This country needs a whole lot of things, but one thing that we do not need is another war. We’ve got enough of those.
When I return to Washington next week along with the U.S. Senate, I believe the first course of action is for the Congress to take immediate steps to restrain President Trump from plunging our nation into yet another endless war. 
Our campaign is about lifting up working people everywhere and ending the greed of the billionaire class. We're building the movement that is powerful enough to do that. Join us live in Dubuque, Iowa: 
 Before his Dubuque event, meets with hotel workers to hear about their organizing efforts. They recently won…
Trump makes decisions impulsively, without explanation or congressional consultation. I believe strongly that a key step in ending our endless wars is for Congress to reassert its constitutional authority over matters of war.
 War is a class conflict, too. The rich and powerful who open war escape the consequences of their decisions. It’s not their childr…
War and violence have got to be the last response, not the first response. 
I’ve gone to too many funerals in my own state. I’ve talked to too many mothers who’ve lost their kids in war. I’ve talked to too many soldiers who’ve come home with PTSD, who have come home without arms and without legs. 
 One month from the caucus, so a snowstorm isn't going to stop Decorah from turning out to see 
500,000 Americans are homeless today, including 30,000 veterans. 87 million are uninsured or underinsured. We must invest in the needs of the American people, not spend trillions on endless war. Join me in Decorah, Iowa: 
We’re just one month away from the Iowa caucus and now is the time to knock doors, make phone calls and get people involved. Join us live from our canvass launch in Waterloo, IA and sign up at  
We must get our priorities right. We must invest in the needs of America, not spend trillions more on endless wars.
We must do more than just stop war with Iran.We must firmly commit to ending U.S. military presence in the Middle East in an orderly manner.We must end our involvement in the Saudi-led intervention in Yemen.We must bring our troops home from Afghanistan.
As the former chair of the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs, I have seen up close the pain, death, and despair caused by war. And I know that it is rarely the children of the billionaire class who face the agony of reckless foreign policy.
Let me repeat a warning I gave in 2002: “War must be the last recourse in our international relations. And as a caring nation, we must do everything we can to prevent the horrible suffering that a war will cause.”
The American people do not want endless war! We cannot allow Trump to drag us into war with Iran. We must prevent what would be an unmitigated disaster. Live town hall in Anamosa, Iowa: 
I'll be addressing Trump's dangerous escalation in the Middle East at 1 p.m. ET/12 p.m. CT. Tune in here: 
Trump's dangerous escalation brings us closer to another disastrous war in the Middle East that could cost countless lives and trillions more dollars. Trump promised to end endless wars, but this action puts us on the path to another one.
When I voted against the war in Iraq in 2002, I feared it would lead to greater destabilization of the region. That fear unfortunately turned out to be true.The U.S. has lost approximately 4,500 brave troops, tens of thousands have been wounded, and we’ve spent trillions.
NOW: Campaign Manager is live in Iowa to kick off the new year with an update for supporters on our path to victory. 
Trump cree que puede ganar su reelección al dividirnos. Está equivocado. Lo venceremos porque estamos uniendo a nuestra gente. Únete a nosotros en vivo desde nuestra reunión política en Muscatine, Iowa: 
A president of the United States, I will not only be commander-in-chief.I will also be the organizer-in-chief.When millions of people stand up for education, for health care, to fight climate change, we can create the kind of movement that will transform this country.
"It's critically important to have someone like Bernie Sanders in office after we get rid of  because we have to have someone in there who's not just going to heal and unite, but is dramatically going to change the systems that are in place."  
 Great to have back on board with We’re winning  we’re winning the White House. 
 is truly an advocate for the people. He and I share a common cause—to change the systems that make it harder and harder for working families to get by. I am grateful to have his support, and the grassroots support of so many New Yorkers. 
Ours is the only campaign in this Democratic primary with more donations than Donald Trump.
The way we win is person-to-person contact, knocking on doors and making the case for people to get out to vote. Join us now from our Grinnell, IA canvass launch and sign up to get involved at  
Australians can't "stay safe and have fun," because their homes are on fire.Fossil fuel companies like created the climate crisis and made wildfires worse.When we pass a Green New Deal we'll hold fossil fuel executives accountable for the destruction they caused. 
Native Americans have taught us we cannot destroy nature and survive. When I am president, they will get more than a seat at the table. They will be part of the decision making. Live from the Meskwaki Settlement in Iowa: 
Meanwhile the Waltons pay entry-level Walmart workers a starvation wage of $11 an hour. That is what outrageous, unfettered greed looks like. And we're going to end it. 
In the last quarter of 2019, an incredible 300,000 people donated to our campaign for the first time.This campaign is about bringing people into the political process to fight for justice.That is how we are going to defeat Donald Trump and transform this country.
My deepest gratitude to you, for your tireless efforts to elevate all voices, shed light on the struggles everyday Americans face, and fight for a humane immigration system. I look forward to your continued leadership in the fight to transform our country. 
I'm incredibly proud to announce we raised $34.5 million from 1.8 million contributions in the fourth quarter.Our average contribution: just $18.Together, we're proving you don't need to beg the wealthy and the powerful for campaign contributions in order to win elections.
This is the year we're going to defeat Donald Trump.
What is happening in Australia today will become increasingly common around the world if we do not aggressively combat climate change and transform our energy system away from fossil fuels. The future of the planet is at stake. We must act.  
Today, I am very proud to share with you some extraordinary news: our campaign has received more than 5 million individual contributions — that is more contributions than any campaign has received at this point in a presidential election in the history of our country. 
2020 will be a year in which we end corruption in Washington, in which we end greed in Washington, and a year in which we begin the process of creating a government based on the principles of love and compassion.
 As always, is energized by being active with his children and grandchildren! ht…
Wishing everyone a happy new year! Let us go forward to create a nation that is based on peace, justice and dignity for all people.
No billionaires. No wine caves. No super PAC. Just a million grassroots donors like you.That’s what this campaign has been about since day one. Help us across the finish line of our 5 million donation goal: 
We are ringing in the new year in Des Moines with Prince's longtime band, New Power Generation! Help us get to 5 million donations before our midnight deadline and watch live at  
We are very, very close to 5 million contributions. If you have been waiting for just the right time to make a contribution to our campaign, that time is now. Chip in before our FEC deadline at midnight.  
We cannot continue to act as though it is normal when Americans must spend as much as a third of their income on health care.It's not.We are going to join the rest of the industrialized world by passing Medicare for All and eliminating co-pays, premiums and deductibles.
Everybody who knows me knows I hate asking for money.But I'm gonna ask you for money.Tonight is the FEC deadline, and we need all the help we can get to take on every powerful special interest in America. Please contribute whatever you can:  
Don't let anyone tell you that you cannot make a difference when you get involved in the political process.
Friends, we are closing in our goal of 5 million donations goal before the end of the year. Every donation, big or small, will help us win in 2020. Chip in now and join us live from Des Moines at  
If you would like to make the pharmaceutical industry, insurance companies, fossil fuel executives, the NRA, the military industrial complex, and Donald Trump very, very angry, you should chip in whatever you can to our campaign before midnight. 
I have some bad news for those of you who love arguing with health insurance companies.You'll have to find someone new to argue with.Medicare for All means you won't have to fight a corporation to get care you need.High-quality, comprehensive health care will be guaranteed.
We live in a world in which three billionaires own more wealth than the bottom half of our entire country. I don't think that is the world we should be living in.
We're almost to 5 million individual contributions, but we're not quite there yet. Can you chip in before midnight tomorrow and prove our critics wrong?  
Our movement stands with the undocumented people of this country. Our movement stands against racism, sexism, homophobia and religious bigotry.At a time when the ruling class wants to divide us up, we have a moral obligation to stand together.
The ideas I am talking about now didn't come to me yesterday.It's not because I have a pollster who told me what I should say today.Health care as a right, a living wage for all, an end to endless wars, a right to decent housing — that's what I've fought for my entire life.
We are closing in on an incredible 5 million donations before our end-of-quarter deadline. This is the movement that scares Trump. Join our town hall from Winterset, Iowa and chip in at  
Together, we will launch the decade of the Green New Deal, a 10-year, nationwide mobilization centered around justice and equity.Together, we will solve our climate crisis, create 20 million jobs, and save our planet for future generations.
We are just 35 days from the Iowa caucus and the beginning of the most important election of our lives. I’m here with our Iowa State Director to fill you in on how you can help us win: 
The truth is, we have an excellent chance to win the primary and beat Trump.But the only way we can do that is if we have the sufficient financial resources.So I am asking you today to contribute to our campaign before the FEC deadline:  
This is what happens when you have a government controlled by the wealthy and the powerful. That ends when we defeat Donald Trump. 
We started this morning about 135,000 donations short of our 5 million donation goal.That may seem like a lot — and for most campaigns it would be impossible. But not ours. We CAN do it.Chip in before midnight tomorrow: 
 Thank you Dorothy!
I wish I could say we could address our climate crisis with a few tweaks at the edges.I can't honestly say that.To leave a habitable planet for future generations, the coming decade must be the decade of the Green New Deal.
I am proudly from the working class and I will be a president for the working class.
Erica Garner, who died two years ago today, was an exceptional and brave young woman. She is deeply missed, and together, we will do everything we can to carry on her struggle for justice. 
In the wake of rising anti-semitism and hate crimes, we stand united to wipe out all forms of racism, discrimination and bigotry. 
No parent should be forced into debt for giving birth. 
 Good morning from Dallas County, IA where on a Monday morning every seat is filled and it's standing room only at Brunch wi…
We must defeat Trump, the most dangerous president in history. But we have to do more than that. Our job is to create a government based on compassion, not hate and greed. Join us live from West Des Moines, Iowa: 
It's time for a president who will finally stand up to the corporate elites and fight for the working people of this country.
We're up against:-The fossil fuel industry-Big pharma-Insurance companies-The military industrial complex-The NRA-Donald TrumpBut I'm not afraid of them. We have a grassroots movement and almost 5 million contributions. Help us take them on:  
We're seeing a rise in anti-Semitism and hate crimes.We saw a child run over for being Latina.We've seen people stabbed because they're Jewish.We've seen people assaulted because they're Muslim.If there was ever a time to unite against bigotry and racism, now is the time.
Jane and I are keeping Rep. John Lewis and his family in our thoughts during this difficult time and hoping for a speedy recovery. Despite this news, I have no doubt Rep. Lewis will continue to inspire millions and fight for justice as he has his entire life. 
El pueblo estadounidense está listo para una revolución política, y estamos agradecidos con todos los que forman parte de este movimiento. Únete a nuestra fiesta especial de Unidos Con Bernie en Des Moines: 
There are very powerful special interest groups that will spend whatever it takes to try to defeat us.But together, we are much more powerful than they are.Help make sure our campaign has the resources to take them on and win before our FEC deadline: 
"The current president has evoked a ton of violence towards my community and I can't stand still and watch us re-elect him. And the only candidate that will be able to defeat him is Bernie Sanders." –Kenia Calderón Cerón 
I’m outraged by the knife attack in Monsey.  We must confront this surge of anti-Semitic violence, prioritize the fight against bigotry, and bring people together – instead of dividing people up.
We are the strongest campaign to defeat Trump. We are building the movement that is strong enough to end the greed and corruption that is hurting working families everywhere. Join us in Newport, New Hampshire: 
I believe you should be able to get cancer treatment even if you are poor.I believe you should be able to go to a doctor even if you lost your job and insurance.I believe you should be able to go to the emergency room without receiving an outrageous bill.
We're building the unprecedented grassroots power that we need to not only defeat Donald Trump, but to take back our democracy from the corporate elite. Join us live in New Hampshire: 
We are not just trying to win an election. We are trying to transform the political conversation in America in terms of what is possible and what is not possible. 
Our mission is not just passing legislation. It is making sure the American people are united in standing up for racial justice, for environmental justice, for economic justice.
No more tax breaks for billionaires. No more massive subsidies to the fossil fuel industry. Americans are tired of a system that's rigged in favor of the corporate elite and leaves working people behind. Join us live in Plaistow, NH: 
It may be scary or difficult to speak out and share your struggles. But the more we talk about it, the more we are willing to stand together against powerful special interests, that is when real change takes place.
On Jan. 1, millions of Americans' health insurance deductibles will reset.The way our health care system works today is that if you are unlucky enough to get hurt or sick in two weeks instead of today, you might not be able to afford care you need.Is that not totally absurd?
"Who is Bernie Sanders? He's kind of the opposite of Donald Trump." 
 You know that “holiday lull”? Not really a thing when you’re organizing to elect for president. It’s a Saturd…
I'm so glad to have on our side in the fight to expand Social Security, lower prescription drug costs, and guarantee health care to all our people through Medicare for All. 
Anybody who thinks you can make the changes this country needs without standing up to the greed and corruption of the 1% is sorely mistaken.
Medicare for All means freedom to see a doctor without fear of getting a huge bill. It means an end to "medical debt." It means no co-pays, premiums or deductibles. Join our town hall in Dover: 
"[Bernie] is not running as a politician. He's running as one leading a movement." -Rev. Al Sharpton 
Until 1967, you could bank at your local post office in the U.S. At one point our postal banks serviced 4 million customers.We must guarantee basic financial services to Americans by allowing every post office to offer basic banking services again. 
 Today I'm proud to announce my endorsement of . Bernie has always fought for the underdog and we agree on…
 This is a very big endorsement... very ably delivered. As 2019 concludes, the campaign is going from st…
Tax the billionaires. 
As president, I will shut down the Keystone and Dakota Access pipelines. They should never have been built in the first place.
1 in 6 of our children lives in poverty.500,000+ Americans are homeless.87 million are uninsured or underinsured.Half live paycheck to paycheck.But the billionaire class is doing better every day.This is a rigged economy and we are going to change it. 
Despair is not an option. 
Our goal of 5 million donations might sound "unrealistic."But people told us the idea of a $15 minimum wage was unrealistic.Then cities, states and the U.S. House passed it.When we stand together anything is possible.Chip in to help reach our goal:
The trade union movement is workers' last line of defense against the greed of the billionaire class. And that is why we are going to double union membership in this country. Join us live in Concord, NH: 
"When Bernie is President Sanders, that deep grassroots movement will be essential to passing all those anti-corruption reforms that we know we need, because it is not going to be easy."  
Zephyr has dedicated her life to stamping out corruption in our country. I am honored to receive her endorsement and look forward to working together to defeat Trump and create an economy and a political system that finally work for everyone. 
Money is not speech.Corporations are not people.We must overturn Citizens United and get big money out of our political process.
 HAPPENING NOW: 2020 candidate Bernie Sanders holds town hall in Lebanon, New Hampshire. 
It's going to take more than winning an election to address the climate crisis. That is why we are building a movement that is prepared to take on the fossil fuel industry and pass a Green New Deal.
Our top donors are not:-Billionaires-Fossil fuel executives-Pharma CEOsThey are:-Starbucks baristas-Walmart employees-TeachersThis is a campaign for working people. Chip in any amount you can:
Amazon should pay more than $0 in federal income taxes.
Exactly why we need Medicare for All. 
The ability to hear should not be a luxury for those who can afford it. That is why hearing aids are covered under Medicare for All.
In the fight against climate change we have a choice: protect fossil fuel profits or protect our children. I choose to protect our children.
Wishing a happy, reflective and peaceful week to everyone observing Kwanzaa.
Having private health insurance doesn’t mean a damn thing if you have a $5,000 deductible that you can’t afford. That is why Medicare for All will eliminate deductibles, along with co-payments and premiums.
There is something fundamentally wrong when we are spending twice as much per capita on health care as other major countries and our average life expectancy is going DOWN.
There is no middle ground in terms of dealing with climate change. This is about millions of people losing their homes, jobs and lives. We need a Green New Deal.
Trump is going to be a formidable opponent. But despair is not an option. We are going to organize, bring millions of people into the political process, and win.
Have you put off buying a home or starting a family due to medical debt or student loans?
Teachers are doing some of the most important work in the entire country. They should not be scraping by and taking two or three jobs. They should be paid at least $60,000 a year.
There are a lot of lies peddled by the insurance and drug industries about Medicare for All.Don't believe them.Here is the truth: Medicare for All will save the American people money and end the disgrace of our profit-driven system. 
We must become a nation where all our people are able to live long and healthy lives—not just those with the means to afford outrageous health care costs.
Taxpayers have paid $115 million so Donald Trump could play golf at his own resorts.Amazon got $129 million in tax rebates last year.Meanwhile, the average person in poverty gets just $134 a month in nutrition assistance.This is what a rigged economy looks like.
Wishing a peaceful and merry Christmas from myself, Jane, and our family to all those who are celebrating.
Millions of undocumented people in America should not be living in fear that they or their loved ones will be deported this holiday season. We need to bring people out of the shadows, reinstate and expand DACA and provide a pathway to citizenship.
It is not enough to say we will rejoin the Paris Agreement. We need to build a mass movement of people to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and pass a Green New Deal. That is what this campaign is about.
Thank you to the hundreds of thousands of postal workers who are working so hard this holiday season—and every day throughout the year.Together we are going to strengthen the Postal Service and protect it from privatization.
We stand with Natalia Miranda and those in Iowa who have faced this disturbing violence. Hate crimes are increasing across the country. It's our job to stand with our Black and Latino family. We'll fight all forms of hatred and those who wish to spread it.
If your kids are hurting, my kids are hurting. If you can't afford to see a doctor, that affects me as well. We must remember we are all connected and fight for a nation and a government that is based on human solidarity.
I believe that every person in America deserves to live in dignity and security. That is why we must guarantee health care, decent housing, a living wage and a good education to all our people.
As the new year approaches, let us commit to fighting for a government and an economy that works for the overwhelming majority of the people. That is how we will make food security a human right in America. 
 thanks to and for hosting an amazing event just up the street from us this past weekend !!! hope Venice…
 Thank you and for welcoming us and for inviting us to play for such an amazing crowd!!! 
In the richest country on Earth, getting sick should not mean you must declare bankruptcy or drown in debt for decades. We are going to eliminate all outstanding medical debt in America.
If you've struggled to afford your premium, co-pay, or prescription, or went to an out-of-network provider by mistake, or suddenly lost coverage—you're not alone.The system is intentionally rigged against working people.We're going to change that with Medicare for All.
Walmart's CEO made 1,076 times their median employee last year.The Walton family makes $25,000 a minute.Don't tell me that they can't afford to pay a living wage.They choose not to out of greed.And together, that's the kind of greed we're going to end.
Access to the internet is a necessity in today's economy, and it should be available for all. It must be treated as the new electricity.
The federal government electrified America as part of the New Deal.The United States put people on the moon 50 years ago. We can sure as hell transform our energy system away from fossil fuels to 100% renewables today and create millions of jobs in the process.
The War on Drugs has been a disaster. We need to legalize marijuana nationwide, invest in the communities that have been destroyed by its criminalization, and expunge past marijuana-related convictions.
Insulin costs $6 per vial to make. Diabetics need it to survive.Pharma companies in the U.S. sell it for over $300.Our health care system today is not about keeping people alive.It is about making huge profits.Medicare for All is about changing that gross injustice.
 We are going to win the Green New Deal because our generation understands: this is the fight of our lives.We will vote G…
I believe in the young people of this country and their power to transform America.
Jane and I would like to wish a happy and peaceful Hanukkah to all those who are celebrating around the world this week.
 En este movimiento es importante que todos sean parte de la conversación. Gracias a por participar del primer “to…
I refuse to leave our grandchildren a planet that is not healthy and habitable. We need a Green New Deal.
 🇺🇸 conversó con la congresista sobre cómo ha cambiado su vida este año y por qué para ella es importan…
Private insurance companies and drug companies will spend outrageous amounts of money trying to defeat us. That is how you know we are on the side of the American people.
 Holidays bring people together- so much so that we had overflow at the  holiday dinner in Keene, NH! Thank…
 En esta campaña vamos a donde está nuestra gente. 
Estamos construyendo una coalición multirracial que es lo suficientemente poderosa como para vencer a Trump. Únete a la representante para una reunión política en Nevada que se llevara a cabo en español. 
The political revolution is alive and well in Las Vegas.Thank you to the thousands of people who joined me, and more at our rally last night.We are going to win and build a nation based on justice in all its forms. 
Class warfare is when the wealthy buy elections to get tax breaks for themselves, then cut spending on programs working people need to survive.
Young people should not underestimate their power. If they vote as much as older people they can not only transform the country. They can help us save the planet from climate catastrophe.
 El movimiento que está construyendo incluye gente de todos los rincones de la sociedad. Esta noche en L…
I'm very old fashioned. I think democracy is about one person, one vote, not billionaires buying elections.
When millions of people come together to fight for justice, we will win against Trump's hatred and division. Thank you to the more than 14,000 people who joined our movement in Los Angeles! 
“A couple weeks ago, I got to come to a town meeting here in Las Vegas, got to meet Bernie. And right away, as soon as I could see into his eyes, I could see that the man was a real fighter.”  
“We should be dangerous to injustice... We should be dangerous to a system that treats us less than we deserve."  
We're the strongest campaign to defeat Trump because we believe in bringing people together, not dividing them up. Join me, and more live in Las Vegas: 
My good friend and I are taking questions on her instagram page:   
 Sanders and are answering questions on Instagram Live ahead of tonight’s rally here in Vegas. 
 This is a labor of love. We plan on winning because of the deep organizing in every community, changing hearts and minds. N…
  Team Iowa House Party in Des Moines on a Saturday night...the Saturday night before Christmas...HELLO Someb…
 Say it louder Amo Bernie! 📣📣📣 
 speaking now. Tune in! 
We shouldn't blame millennials for their financial distress.We should blame and reverse the policies of the last 40 years which have:-Rigged our economy for the rich-Saddled young people with massive student debt-Made health care unaffordable
We're not just trying to win an election. We're building a multiracial, intergenerational, working class movement that's will transform the country. Join me, and more live in L.A.! 
A handful of billionaires have spent hundred of millions of dollars buying elections and politicians.Not our campaign.I'm proud that we're the only campaign to have contributions from zero billionaires.We represent working Americans, not the corporate elite.
I’ve been criticized for being an "alarmist" on climate change. You’re damn right I’m an alarmist. The scientists tell us we must act immediately to end our fossil fuel dependence, and that is what I'm going to do.
We will pass Medicare for All.We will eliminate co-pays, premiums and deductibles.We will make health care a right to all.We will end the disgrace of a profit-driven system.
I refuse to stand by and watch as eliminates 42 minor league teams. We're fighting back and demanding they pay players a living wage, too. 
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money.
"It's not enough to just say you don't like Trump... We've got to know what you're for, and I always know what Bernie is for." 
Trump thinks he can win by demonizing immigrants and dividing us up. We are going to do the opposite. We are going to bring people together and create an immigration system based on justice. Live from San Ysidro: 
We’re going to cancel every penny of student debt, and we’re going to pay for it with a modest tax on Wall Street.Wall Street doesn’t like that, but to hell with Wall Street.
Some people are going to tell you that it doesn't matter if billionaires and corporations spend endless amounts of money on elections.It does matter.It is why we are sliding into oligarchy.We need to get money out of politics and restore democracy.
It’s shameful that ICE would use an expedited contracting process to circumvent the California ban on private immigrant detention centers. As president, we will ban all private prisons. 
Always great to get some time with the family while we’re on the road. 
Tomorrow is going to be a great day. Join me and at our rally in Los Angeles, featuring performances by and Let's keep up the momentum for the political revolution! 
 Just spoke to an incredible crowd at the  townhall in the Inland Empire!I’ve never been i…
Last year just five corporations got $16 billion in tax breaks.Trump is now trying to slash food stamps and throw tens of thousands off of Medicaid.This is what class warfare looks like.We are going to fight back and win that war for the working class.
We are going to take on the greed of the fossil fuel industry. We are going to pass a Green New Deal to save the planet from climate catastrophe and create 20 million jobs. Join us live from Moreno Valley: 
 Over 1,000 people packed the event in Moreno Valley, CA. So went outside to talk to the hundreds in the pa…
 Sen. speaks to an overflow crowd outside of his Green New Deal campaign event in Moreno Valley, CA 
My fight is with the greed and corruption of the pharmaceutical industry and with the greed and corruption of the health insurance industry.
Here is the truth:$7.25 an hour is not enough to live on.Workers deserve a living wage of at least $15 an hour.Women must have equal pay for equal work.CEOs should not be making 300x what their workers do.
We can't defeat Trump and transform this country without the help of students. Before the deadline Sunday, apply to get trained to organize your campus:  
Congratulations, Together, we will enact a homes guarantee and end homelessness nationwide. 
 Shout out to for spending time with hospital worker Alex in a  to learn why we need  We kno…
Real change always takes place from the bottom on up, never from the top on down.  
I am so proud that our campaign has over a million volunteers and more individual contributions at this point than any campaign in history.Let’s defeat Trump. Let’s transform this country.Chip in here:
College for All.  
People are sick and tired of filling out forms. 
Day 1 of my administration:- Provide legal status for all DACA recipients and their parents- Ensure federal agents will never snatch babies from their parents' arms- Introduce legislation to provide a pathway to citizenship for all undocumented people in the U.S.
Joe Biden has 44 billionaire campaign contributors.Pete Buttigieg only has 39.This is why 3 people own more wealth than the bottom half of America.This is why Amazon and other major corporations pay $0 in federal income tax.We need to get money out of politics.  
 Bernie Sanders says climate change will hit communities of color hardest. His climate plan is by far the most progressive of al…
Instead of spending $1.8 trillion annually on weapons of destruction, I will bring global leaders together to confront our shared enemy: climate change. 
Rejoining the Paris Agreement ain't enough.The issue now is whether we save the planet for our children and grandchildren.We need a Green New Deal.  
  redirects the  questions on the climate crisis with some perspective:"The issue now is whether…
Trump says the economy is doing "great."Three people own more wealth than the bottom half of Americans.That’s not great.500,000 Americans are homeless.That’s not great.We have the highest childhood poverty rate of any major country.That’s not great. 
Unlike some of my colleagues, I voted against NAFTA.I voted against PNTR with China.What we need is a trade policy that stands up for workers, farmers and addresses the global threat of climate change. 
Donald Trump is:✅ a pathological liar✅ running the most corrupt administration in history✅ a fraudWe will defeat him.  
Let's go.  
I cannot win the fight against powerful special interests alone. That is why our campaign is about building a movement of human solidarity.
 I share an important goal with and building a multiracial working class movement to defeat Donald…
Trump is a coward who tears down others to make himself feel powerful. Jane and I stand with against this attack. Together we’ll defeat Trump and build a nation based on love and justice—the kind of nation Debbie’s late husband Rep. John Dingell would be proud of. 
At a time when our country faces extreme voter suppression and discrimination, I stand with the people of NY and NJ as they work to make voting more accessible and strengthen our democracy. Congratulations to and on hard-fought victories! 
For too long, big pharmaceutical companies have gotten away with ripping off the American people. I’m not going to allow that to continue. We are going to cap out of pocket expenses for prescription drugs at $200 a year.
The purpose of private health insurance is not to provide affordable care to all. It is to make huge profits for a handful of rich people.
Massive corporations track, buy, and sell your and your children's exact location, 24/7, for profit.We need a Digital Privacy Bill of Rights to protect Americans from this Orwellian corporate surveillance. 
I support Decatur's teaching assistants in their fight for a fair contract. As president, we will invest in our educators—and I will fight for Medicare for All to ensure that no worker has to walk a picket line to afford health care for their families. 
I am deeply concerned about the rise of antisemitism in our country. All Americans must stand together against this hatred and as president I will lead this fight. 
 It's time. People's Action endorses for president. Bernie refuses to bow to the demands of the rich ; the po…
 BREAKING: endorses For President. are proud members of this national gras…
I am so proud and excited to have the endorsement of because they understand what I understand: at the end of the day, the only way we make real change in this country is through grassroots activism. 
  we're proud to be in the struggle with you.Let's make 2020 about  Join us: 
A trial in the Senate. Mitch McConnell must conduct a full and fair trial to hold this president accountable. 
Today is a sad but necessary day for American democracy. The U.S. House has voted to impeach President Trump, and that is the right thing to do. 
Here’s a prediction: we are going to win, pass a Green New Deal, and criminally prosecute the fossil fuel executives who destroyed the planet. 
Our young people did what they were told: they got an education and worked hard.They're now being punished with crushing student debt and low-paying jobs.It's about time we stand up for young people and tell the economic elite: you can no longer have it all.
  and I had a wonderful time w/ arts leaders and small business owners in Palm Springs. Discussed how  will ea…
My opponents would tell you that campaign contributions from the wealthy and the powerful don’t have an impact. Why do you think these CEOs are making contributions? 
I am proud to stand with the students in Rochester who are fighting proposed teacher layoffs. I urge government officials to keep these educators in their classrooms. Together, we will invest in public education and reduce class sizes. 
You should be able to leave a job or a marriage without fear of losing your health insurance. Medicare for All means safety and security.
If you've been wondering when the best time to contribute to our campaign is—that time is now. Chip in before tomorrow night's debate: 
Have you ever rationed or skipped medication because you could not afford it?
Nuestro movimiento en Nevada y en todo el país se fortalece cada día. Únete a para una reunión política en Las Vegas el domingo 22 de diciembre. El evento se llevará a cabo completamente en español.
Organizing our families, friends and communities for justice is what our campaign is all about.And now there's an app for that.We're proud to launch the new BERN app.  now in the Apple Store and Google Play:  
Trump is the most corrupt president in our modern history.
I have experienced hard-won elections and tough losses, but it would never occur to me in a million years to rig an election by suppressing the vote. Officials who can’t win support from voters need to get out of politics and find another job.
Republicans in Wisconsin and Georgia have purged a combined half a million Americans from their voting rolls, because they are too cowardly to engage in free, fair and open elections. That is outrageous.
Insurance companies don't want you to know this.Drug companies don't want you to know this.Trump doesn't want you to know this.Medicare for All is going to save the American people money. 
Private insurance companies don't read this............Medicare for All is going to save average Americans thousands of dollars a year.
Trump's Opportunity Zone scam enriches the wealthy while millions of Americans struggle to get by. When we are in the White House, we are going to end this corrupt giveaway. 
Congress just passed a $738 billion defense package. We spend more on defense than:ChinaSaudi ArabiaRussiaIndiaUKFranceJapanGermanySouth KoreaBrazil...combined.We need to fundamentally change our priorities as a nation. 
The U.S. should not be locking up people for being poor. Cash bail is a disgrace and should be abolished.
While Trump is cutting food and nutrition assistance for more than 5 million people, he's giving big banks a tax break for financing professional sports stadiums.That is the Trump agenda: tax breaks for the rich and cruelty for the poor.We're going to end that disgrace. 
I find it curious that few of the "deficit hawks” are asking if it is fiscally prudent to be spending more on defense than the next 10 countries combined.It’s time for a new vision for America and a new set of priorities. 
Why would many, many billionaires be contributing to candidates if they didn't think they were getting something out of it? They're not doing it through the goodness of their hearts.
Medicare for All means that if you or your loved ones are in the hospital, you will not be on the phone arguing with insurance companies who are trying to deny you coverage. It means focusing on getting healthy.
To Republican officials in Georgia and Wisconsin who are too cowardly to engage in free and fair elections, I say: get out of politics and get another job. 
The momentum is with our campaign because we are listening to the people! By bringing millions of new people into politics we will not only defeat Trump, but we will decimate Trumpism. Live from Coachella, CA: 
 "Major League Baseball is not just another business. It is the national pastime."I spoke with Sen. Bernie Sanders about his f…
 Deficit hawks once again show their hypocrisy on military spending, writes in an op-ed 
Last year 91 corporations paid nothing in federal income taxes, including Amazon, GM and Delta.When politicians tell you we can't afford education, health care, childcare or clean water, they're lying.We're going to make huge corporations pay their fair share.
I stand with and the teachers in Scarborough, Maine, who are fighting for better working conditions and a union contract. We will protect teachers' right to stand up for themselves and their students, and all workers' right to strike. 
"I was the first ; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare ; Medicaid." –Donald Trump, May 7, 2015 
“While Trump was vilifying Arabs and Muslims, you know what Bernie was doing? Bernie was visiting mosques.” –Community Organizer 
I've run for office many times. I've lost some races and I've won some.But I've never said to myself, "How can I make sure those who might vote against me can't participate in democracy?"That's what Republicans are doing today.It's cowardice and they won't get away with it. 
A vial of insulin costs $6 to make.This is not our health care system malfunctioning. This is exactly how it is designed to work: make as much profit for corporations as possible, regardless of the human cost. 
This strike has now gone on for over 10 weeks. ASARCO must end its abuses of workers. I stand with and other unions in this fight. 
AmazonCenturyLinkChevronDeereDelta Air LinesEli LillyFedExGannettGeneral MotorsGoodyearHoneywellJetBlueMGM ResortsNetflixPrudential FinancialStarbucksWhirlpoolTotal federal income tax paid by these companies last year: $0
This campaign is not just about me. It's about us.
We lock up more people than any other country on Earth.We are one of three countries where maternal mortality is rising.We are one of two countries to not guarantee paid maternity leave.Our nation has major crises that require bold action, not more half-measures.
If you are struggling, if you can't afford your medication, if you don't have health insurance, if you're drowning in student debt, if you can't live on starvation wages—you are not alone, and we are fighting for you.
If members of Congress were forced to live on $7.25 an hour, the federal minimum wage would be raised immediately.
How much is your health insurance deductible?
 Bernie "by the numbers" today in Iowa 4: events in 4 cities in 1 day 850: total attendees at events3: interviews with media…
Young people have led every movement for justice in our nation's history and they are leading the movement for climate justice now.Politicians must listen. 
As mayor of Burlington, Vermont, I saw what minor league baseball did for our community. It was a beautiful, beautiful thing.Today is threatening to eliminate minor league teams in 42 communities — including here in Burlington, Iowa.We will not let that happen. 
You are far more powerful than the establishment allows you to think you are. Our campaign is about recognizing that power to create a government that works for all people, not just a wealthy few. Live from Ottumwa, IA: 
"Medicare for all who want it" leaves in place a system designed to make huge profits for drug and insurance companies, not guarantee health care for all. We cannot have an effective health care system as long as greedy corporations are allowed to dictate our priorities. 
 we taking these conversations to: Barber Shops Sneaker ShopsCoffee ShopsChurchesCommunity Centerswe win, when w…
We are just 50 days from the Iowa caucus.This is the most important election of our lives and winning this is going to take all of us.Get involved now: 
Corporate America will be behind Trump with endless amounts of money. We need to energize millions of young people, working people and new voters to beat him. We are the campaign to do that. Live from Fairfield, Iowa: 
Our health care system is barbaric.Taking care of a loved one who is sick is hard enough without fighting an insurance company whose only interest is profit.We are going to pass Medicare for All. We will eliminate medical debt. 
Republicans know they can’t win on their ideas so they do everything in their power to make it harder to vote.It’s time to end this kind of voter suppression once and for all.As president, I will ensure every citizen over the age of 18 is automatically registered to vote. 
A lot of candidates raise money from the ultra-wealthy and billionaire class and say, “Oh, they don’t influence me.”Really?No, they know exactly what they are doing when they take that money.
Are you ready to win the Democratic primary, defeat Trump and take our democracy back from the corporate elite? With 50 days until the Iowa caucus, now is the time to get involved. Join us in Keokuk, Iowa: 
The MLB is threatening to entirely eliminate Minor League Baseball. We will not sit by and let that happen. Join us live from Burlington, IA for a meeting and batting practice with minor league players and employees: 
For too long, voters have been told to settle for less. Our campaign is doing the opposite. The only way we defeat Trump is by mobilizing our people around a bold, progressive agenda. Live now in Burlington, Iowa: 
I’m outraged, Threatening to walk away from the entire minor league system is the exact opposite of negotiating in good faith. 
 "What really stuck with me is the passion in his voice when he spoke about fixing the issues that I had ; that many other people…
Our goal: to leave a better country and world for son and all our children. 
 Bernie has righteous anger towards corporate greed. He will bring that to the White House. He will fight for working people…
If pitchers can make $324 million, we can pay every teacher in this country at least $60,000. 
 At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, when many of our school districts are underfunded, when educators are leav…
Seven years ago, 20 children and six faculty members were shot and killed at Sandy Hook. That horrific tragedy remains a present-day call to action.We must never lose our sense of outrage. To save lives, we must end the NRA's reign over Congress and pass gun safety laws.
What would canceling all student debt mean for you and your family?
Rep. Omar has stood up to some of the ugliest racism thrown at a member of the United States Congress, and she has stood up with pride and dignity. I'm honored to have her support and to join the people of New Hampshire with her today. 
 Thank you again, for taking time to not only listen to us, but to stand up to the greed of a pharmaceuti…
 Biggest New Hampshire crowd of our campaign so far, in fact 
Despair is not an option. Stand up, get involved, organize. That is the only way we defeat Trump.
Trump is a racist, a sexist, a homophobe, a xenophobe and a religious bigot. Our campaign is the strongest to defeat him because it is rooted in human solidarity. Join us live for our rally with in Nashua, NH: 
Under Medicare for All you will never lose health coverage, even if you:-Are low-income-Leave your job-Turn 26-Move to another state-Have a pre-existing condition-Get laid off-Get divorced-Retire early
 Today earned  endorsement of a progressive multi-racial network of working class voters of co…
“I feel like I owe my life right now to Bernie Sanders because without his help, I don’t think I would have been able to get this medication.” –Rebecca Hovde 
We need a Green New Deal and a homes guarantee. 
Mayo Clinic executives have decided to strip away access to health care from tens of thousands of rural Midwesterners—putting profits over people. Under Medicare for All we will end the corporate greed in health care that is leaving rural Americans behind.
My time as a student at the University of Chicago protesting segregation showed me the power of grassroots organizing.Young people today are carrying on that torch.Apply to get trained to organize your campus by our campaign staff over winter break:  
This decision by Trump's NLRB is terrible for working people. Companies like should be held responsible for labor law violations in their stores. Period.I stand with unions like fighting to ensure workers get the justice they deserve.
 has been a longtime fighter against corruption. However, our movement is bigger than any one person. I hear my supporters who were frustrated and understand their concerns. Cenk today said he is rejecting all endorsements for his campaign and I retract my endorsement.
Thousands of people in America die every year because they can't afford health care. Medicare for All is going to save lives.
I stand with the workers of on campus at Loyola Marymount University fighting Sodexo for a better contract. I will not be crossing their picket line.
Trump thinks he can win re-election by dividing our country up. He is dead wrong. We will beat him by bringing our people together. Join us live from Manchester, NH for our town hall with 
 In New Hampshire today with the one and only Follow along on my Instagram story  
A Green New Deal is the only plan bold enough to confront the climate crisis.The political establishment may not understand that, but the young people of the do.Their leadership is going to save the planet. 
I'm running for president because I think it's about time we had a government that works for the working class.
Congratulations to the advocacy work done by to help pass a Tenants Bill of Rights in Kansas City. Safe, decent, and affordable housing is a human right, not a privilege. 
Trump's xenophobia must never be who we are as a nation. We need a humane immigration system with a path to citizenship for the undocumented.Listen to join this week's   
 It was an honor to host Mrs. Sanders - I am so happy has her by his side, she is committed to hearing t…
   is a legend. He has stood his ground against corporate interests corrupting our politics for over 40 years.…
In just over 50 days, the first votes will be cast to decide the Democratic nominee. We are in a position to win. Campaign manager is joining us live now to give a campaign update and to answer your questions: 
IN ~20 MINUTES: Our Campaign Manager will be coming to you live from New Hampshire with an update on the campaign. Tune in!
  isn’t only running for president. He’s building a working-class movement that transcends gender, ethnicity, an…
We have an opportunity to tell our grandkids that we took on one of the greatest challenges humanity has seen, defeated the wealth and power of the fossil fuel industry, and created 20 million jobs and a 100% renewable energy system.Let's pass a Green New Deal.
We are not only going to legalize marijuana; we are going to expunge past convictions for marijuana possession. Thank you to for leading the way on this important issue. 
Not every candidate is prepared to stand up to the outrageous greed of the drug companies and the insurance companies. I promise you that I am.
Before we create a Space Force we should make sure everyone has health care.
Are you ready for a really, really radical idea?People in the richest country on Earth shouldn't have to take fish antibiotics to save money.Medicare for All now. 
I don't think Democrats should be using health insurance industry talking points to scare Americans about Medicare for All.The bottom line: Medicare for All will save the average American thousands of dollars a year and guarantee comprehensive coverage to all.
When young people say they want to go to college without taking on mountains of debt, we must listen.When young people say they want to end the criminalization of marijuana, we must listen.When young people say they want a planet that is healthy and habitable, we must listen.
Incremental change is not enough. We are going to enact a Green New Deal because we have no other option if we want to save our planet. 
Together, we will build a movement to reject divisiveness and all forms of racism and discrimination, including anti-Semitism.
In the United States and all over the world, we are witnessing a dangerous rise in anti-Semitic acts of violence.I am deeply concerned about reports that the terrible shooting at a kosher supermarket in New Jersey was motivated by hatred of the Jewish people.
To my opponents who want to maintain the status quo in our health care system: How can you defend a system that makes billions for health insurance companies while bankrupting the American people? 
I stand with today to end the criminalization of immigration. Together, we must and we will reverse Trump’s racist immigration policies and put an end to ICE raids once and for all. 
 An honor to learn from Chairman Laurie Thom  of the Yerington Paiute Tribe and Assemblywoman
The millennial generation is not struggling because they're wasting their money. The economy is rigged against them in favor of the rich. 
Our campaign is built on the idea of human solidarity, that we are stronger when my family cares about your family and your family cares about my family.
Maybe I am the radical one, but I don’t believe that in the United States of America parents should have “medical debt” when they leave the hospital with their new baby.
 We need you here in Iowa...not in January, right now! We’re aiming to knock 35,000+ doors this weekend and we need your h…
 This is a big deal.Thank you for endorsing for President!Together we will fight for an advanced, mul…
 I wrote about the power of Bernie Sander’s improbable run to be president for the NYT. 
I first met John a few months ago, in what was not a good circumstance for him. I’m glad he is doing much better today. We are going to take care of the people who have served this country. 
 Opinion | Don’t Think  Can Win? You Don’t Understand His Campaign -   did…
Future historians will say it was the young people like the leaders of who built the movement we desperately needed to pass a Green New Deal and save our planet. 
I don’t want us to just go back to where we were before Trump. I want us to ask some hard questions that we as a nation rarely do:How is health care not a right in the richest country in the world?Why do one in six of our children go hungry?Why are 500,000+ people homeless?
Donald Trump thinks he can win re-election by dividing us up. He is dead wrong. We are the strongest campaign to beat Trump because we are bringing people together with a multiracial, working-class movement. 
Young people are ready for a political revolution. 
 Today I’m celebrating my 18th birthday by registering to vote and doing EVERYTHING I can to elect as the…
Have you ever received a huge medical bill despite having private health insurance?
Why do you think the rich and powerful make such enormous political contributions?They may be greedy — but they are not stupid.We do not have and we do not want the funding of the billionaire class.
 It’s because immigrant youth fight for justice, black workers demand fair pay, women stand in their power, that I know…
Campaign Manager is taking your questions on Reddit now. Join here:  
 Ask me anything at  at 12 ET 
The outrageous abuse taking place at Glenwood and Woodward Resource Centers under Gov. Reynolds’ administration must end now. We must end the institutional bias that forces people with disabilities out of their communities, and instead guarantee home and community-based services. 
 John Weigel was at a Sanders town hall in September and told the crowd he was contemplating suicide after being saddled wi…
 Like Uncle says, despair is not an option.You have to believe something is possible before you can achiev…
 The honor is ours Senator. Our people deserve a movement candidate that will be unapologetic about their commitment to ou…
 Proud to report is endorsing Our network of grassroots social movement orgs - 600K families - h…
I’m proud to be endorsed by Together we’re going to build a movement for racial, social and economic justice made up of working class Americans that will bring millions of people together and transforms our country so it works for all of us. 
The American people have been ripped off by pharmaceutical companies for too long.Some politicians are willing to allow that.I'm not going to take it anymore.We're going to end pharma's greed and cap out-of-pocket prescription drug costs at $200 a year.
 Hello Reno 🙌✊🔥 Great to hang out with you and  
We're going to win this election not because we have billionaire donors. We don't. We're going to win this election because we have something more powerful than big money: the people on our side. Live now from Reno: 
 You might recall talking in a previous pod episode about this emotional moment when a vet at a Sanders rally in Ne…
Tomorrow: join Campaign Manager for a Reddit AMA on  at 12 pm ET. 
 Every day, a new cruelty of the health care system makes itself clear. In this case, public scrutiny was thankfully enough to…
At this moment in our history despair is not an option. I've got four kids and seven grandchildren. I can't give up. You can't give up.
This is America. You should not go bankrupt because you're diagnosed with a serious illness.
Deductibles are one of the most outrageous concepts in the history of the world. We're going to eliminate them under Medicare for All.
When I met John, a veteran, a few months ago, he had $139,000 in medical debt.Thankfully today he is doing much better.We must eliminate all medical debt—and when our veterans come home, they must receive the best quality health care this country can provide them. 
Our health care system works extremely well for health insurance executives looking to get rich.For everyone else, it is an outrage.Medicare for All now. 
I relish the idea of defeating Trump, the most dangerous president in history. But more importantly, I look forward to working with millions of you to create a government of compassion, not hate. Live from Carson City: 
The insurance companies are lying about Medicare for All.Medicare for All means freedom.It is the freedom to go to the doctor, hospital or clinic of your choice.It's the freedom to see a doctor when you need to, regardless of your income or zip code. 
  comes out against oil and gas leasing in the Ruby Mountains after an event in Elko yesterday. There hav…
This is an abomination.No one should be forced to use GoFundMe for health care.We are the richest country on Earth and we are going to take care of our people.Medicare for All now. 
 Please observe a moment of silence today at 5 pm Eastern for our fallen UPS brother  Ordonez.   
Long-term care is health care. Home and community-based services will be covered under Medicare for All.
 knows that real change never comes from the top on down but from the bottom on up.Together we will win the nomination, sweep Trump out of the White House and build a movement of justice that brings our people together and confronts all forms of discrimination. 
Under President Trump, the very concept of democracy is under attack. We are going to defeat Trump and Trumpism and take our democracy back from the corporate elite. Live in Elko, NV: 
We are running a campaign of the working class, by the working class, and for the working class of this country.
Are you willing to fight for a person you don’t know as much as you’re willing to fight for yourself?
Mental health care is health care. It will be covered by Medicare for All.
Right now, if you are poor, government turns its back on you, yet it welcomes the wealthy and their lobbyists. That is totally backwards.
Americans deserve a government that works for all, not just the 1%, their lobbyists and their campaign contributors. In a Bernie Sanders administration we will build an economy based on justice for the working class. 
 “Amazon is taking the space without any ... special tax credits and other inducements”So about that $3 billion... 
Cancel all student debt. 
If you live in one of these states:ALARCACOFLIDMEMAMIMNMSMONCNDOKTNTXUTVTVAWAWe need you to become a Victory Captain! Sign up here to join the movement: 
Unions are the last line of defense for workers against corporate greed. In my first term we are going to double union membership nationwide. Join us live in Cedar Rapids: 
 Our final guest is taking the stage at the  Presidential Forum. Watch live online as Senator talks…
Tomorrow, we're launching a new strategy to bring our campaign to victory.But I cannot do it alone. This is what "Not Me, Us" is all about.Sign up to attend a webinar to learn how you can help: 
 More politicians should be doing what does in this clip: talk directly to the American people about the thr…
I was honored to join the young people of Iowa, and thousands more around the world for yesterday's climate strike.We reject a middle ground approach that lets fossil fuel companies continue to profit.We need a Green New Deal now. 
This is horrifying. has a responsibility to do more to protect its workers and passengers than issue a report and expect praise for transparency. 
The decision by Manchester's Board of Aldermen and to stand up for refugees is exactly what communities should be doing. We reject Trump's bigotry against immigrants. We will welcome those in need.
 The movement around bernie is, ideologically, something we haven’t seen in decades. With the climate crisis looming, w…
 Bernie is one of the only presidential candidates that cares about my voice, and the collective voice of the working class…
 Officially the youngest endorser for the campaign!  
Young people across the country are leading a movement to end the school-to-prison and deportation pipelines. When we are in the White House, together we'll create supportive school communities for all students and end all forms of racial injustice and discrimination. 
The time is long overdue for the U.S. government to stand with family farmers. If I am elected president, we will break up massive agriculture corporations and revitalize rural America. Join us live from Iowa Falls: 
HBCU students have always led in the fight for justice, and we need their help to transform this country. Sign up to join our HBCU student organizing program before the deadline tomorrow:   
Many people are responding that they can't afford to get dental care. This is a major reason we need Medicare for All. Dental care is health care and Medicare for All covers it. 
Unions like know what's at stake.As president, I will double union membership nationwide, end "right-to-work" laws by repealing section 14(b) of the Taft-Hartley Act, and impose a moratorium on multi-employer pension cuts.I will be your Organizer-In-Chief. 
Campaign Manager is live NOW with an update for our grassroots supporters and he’s bringing a SPECIAL GUEST. 
Thank you to the postal workers of New Hampshire and NH-APWU for your support and for your tireless work to protect public postal services and lift up working people. Together we are going to strengthen the Postal Service and protect it from privatization.
Some campaigns give updates to their donors at closed-door fundraisers over hors d'oeuvres.Our campaign is a little different.Live tonight at 11 pm EST, campaign manager will give another update for our grassroots supporters. And this time he'll have a special guest.
If I told you someone was attacking the country, you would not hear politicians say, “We have decades to deal with it.”The major threat we are facing now is climate change.We do not have decades to deal with it.We need to pass a Green New Deal now.
We have introduced the most comprehensive climate change proposal by any candidate. Our Green New Deal will:✅Create 20 million jobs✅Transition us to 100% renewable energy✅Avert climate catastrophe 
Instead of taking from the poor and giving to the rich, we need to do the exact opposite. We need to end hunger in America and repeal the Trump tax breaks to the rich and the powerful.As president, that's exactly what I intend to do.
Donald Trump’s food stamp rule is cruel, immoral and outrageous.After giving over a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the wealthiest people and most profitable corporations in America, no, Donald Trump, you do not take food out of the mouths of nearly 700,000 hungry Americans. 
Thousands of family farmers are forced off their land every year by big agribusinesses. It’s time the government had the backs of family farmers instead of doing favors for corporate agriculture monopolies. 
It would be outrageous for the to simply shut down 42 minor league teams around the country that are so important to their communities. This proposal must be stopped. 
"When Bernie talks about this being a global crisis where we need to come together as one planet, this is what he means:A movement where the working class tells the government that we have a say and we deserve to survive." creative director at 
"When we talk about consequences, it's my generation.It's our people who are going to be living in a world that is not sustainable.It's Bernie and the movement he's building that actively centers us in the conversation." organizer with 
"Historically, movements have had young people at the forefront and the climate movement is no exception.Bernie has been there since Day One fighting alongside all the young people across the country." co-founder of 
Instead of spending $1.8 trillion a year on weapons of destruction designed to kill each other, we should pool our resources with countries around the world to combat our common enemy of climate change.
If you love this country, you love the children of this country. If you love the children, then we need you to stand up to the fossil fuel industry which is destroying our children's future.
 Thank you for joining ; today in Des Moines for the  Our gen…
 Bernie Sanders is standing in solidarity with Iowa Youth Climate Strike, Sunrise Iowa and the millions of climate strikers…
 Do you want to know why so many young people support ?It’s because he shows up and fights for them. This mo…
 Sen. is speaking at a Youth Climate Strike outside the Iowa State Capitol this morning. 
I'm proud to stand with young people in Iowa and around the world today in their climate strikes. This is about the future of the planet and we won't accept a middle ground approach. We need a Green New Deal. 
The internet as we know it was developed by taxpayer-funded research, using taxpayer-funded grants in taxpayer-funded labs.Our tax dollars built the internet.It should be a public good for all, not another price-gouging profit machine for Comcast, AT;T and Verizon.
Just as President Roosevelt fundamentally made America more equal by bringing electricity to every community, urban and rural, over 80 years ago, as president, I will do the same with high-speed internet. 
 ICYMI: I’m proud to endorse for the 2020 Presidental Election 🗳 
5 million donations to our campaign.That would send an unmistakable message to the billionaire class that we're going to win.We're getting closer, but we're not there yet. Chip in here to help us get there: 
A Green New Deal is not radical or extreme. What's radical and extreme is allowing fossil fuel companies to cause the displacement and deaths of millions of people in order to turn a profit.
 My family relied on food stamps (EBT) when my dad died at 48.I was a student. If this happened then, we might’ve just starved.…
Thank you for speaking out and sharing your story. We're going to take on the health insurance greed that is stopping too many Americans from getting the necessary care they need. 
The insurance industry lies that Medicare for All will mean "long wait times."Read these replies.There is an endless wait in America happening now—for those waiting to be able to afford care they need.Medicare for All means no more putting off care due to cost. 
When we're in the White House we will represent the needs of working people and farmers, not big agribusiness and multinational corporations. Join us live in Iowa: 
Wall Street’s greed has left millions unbanked or underbanked. We must establish basic banking services at post offices across the country. 
In 1979 students paid $500 a year in today's dollars to attend Cal State University.Today they pay $7,300.We're failing our young people, but it's not too late to fix.We're going to make public colleges, universities and trade schools tuition-free and cancel student debt.
 Massachusetts Peace Action proudly announces its endorsement of Bernie Sanders for President and vows to work hard for…
 I am proud to endorse for president and I am excited to be a part of an inspiring grassroots movement for pos…
Unlike Trump, we will not abandon fossil fuel workers.Our Green New Deal guarantees:-5 years of a fossil fuel worker's previous salary-Housing assistance-Job training-Health care-Pension and early retirement support-Priority placement in new good-paying union jobs 
Have you ever postponed or skipped getting health care you needed due to the cost?
As you know, I don't spend my time traveling to ask big donors for money.We won't have a super PAC.And I'm not a self-funding billionaire ready to throw tens of millions of dollars into this race.I just need small donors like you to chip in here. 
Unlike Trump, I don't think climate change is a hoax.I believe the scientists and will do everything I can to pass a Green New Deal to take on this crisis.Thank you to all those who are striking around the world this week! 
 Lobbyists shouldn’t be controlling the conversation on healthcare. We really, really need to get corporate money out of politi…
Californians want a Green New Deal, an end to homelessness, Medicare for All, and tuition- and debt-free higher education. We are building the movement that is going to make that a reality. 
While scientists tell us climate change is the great threat facing our planet, Trump thinks it is a "hoax."Trump's ignorance threatens the lives and well-being of our kids and future generations. He must be defeated.We must transform our energy system away from fossil fuels.
We are the climate campaign.Our Green New Deal is the only proposal put forth by any candidate that is bold enough to take on the crisis we face.Thank you to for your leadership! 
The votes elected officials take should be based on the best interests of the American people—not the fear of retribution by special interests who spend millions and millions of dollars on negative advertisements.
Thanks to grassroots groups like Orlando voters chose people over corporations, defeated big money interests and delivered a big win for Bakari Burns. Together, we will address the affordable housing crisis in Central Florida and across the country. 
I’m proud we don’t have any billionaires supporting our campaign.The time for the 0.1% calling the shots in our economic and political life is over.We will tax their wealth to raise $4.35 trillion over 10 years, break up their power and give it back to the working class.
Walmart’s CEO made 1,076 times more than the median Walmart worker last year.The Walton family makes $70,000 a minute.Don't tell me Walmart cannot afford to pay a living wage to every worker.They choose not to out of greed.
It's simple: we need a Green New Deal because our kids and grandkids deserve a habitable planet.
We can only transform this country by building a movement of workers, affected communities, and local leaders. I'm proud to stand with and as they stand with  and against a possible Amazon project at the San Bernardino Airport. 
Abortion is a constitutional right – not a privilege for those who can afford it.
We are going to win the Iowa caucus because we have the strongest grassroots organization and are bringing thousands of people into the political process for the first time.  
Huge corporations like Amazon and Walmart don't want unions because unionized workers have higher wages, better benefits and more control over their lives.Unions are the last line of defense against corporate greed.That's why we're going to double union membership nationwide.
I'm immensely proud of the work that young people are doing to lead the world in fighting the climate crisis.When we are in the White House, young people will not be ignored.They will be central to everything we accomplish.
I'm tired of a political and economic system that lets the billionaire class rig the system in favor of themselves and their friends. And so are the American people.
What the establishment used to say about our ideas:Raising the minimum wage to a living wage—too radical.Guaranteeing health care to all—too radical.Aggressively combating climate change—too radical.Not having a super PAC—too radical.None of these are "radical" anymore.
I don't accept a system where billionaires get tax breaks while 1 in 6 teachers must work a second job.We're going to invest in education.We're going pay teachers at least $60,000 a year.That is what this movement is about. 
“I believe in him, and he is the people that I grew up with. He is those working class people and I know that he’s got their backs because that’s who he is. That’s where he came from.”  
Feel the bern. 
Medicare for All means Medicare for ALL — not some, or a few, or most.Health care is a human right.Every other major country recognizes that.It's long past time the United States does as well.
We must set a national goal of ending the HIV epidemic in the U.S. by the year 2025 so that HIV is no longer a public health threat to any community in the U.S. and that people with HIV are able to live long, healthy lives. 
Last week I met with students from and this morning they began their strike. I stand with them in demanding Harvard's administration to guarantee student workers a living wage, access to adequate health care, and protection against harassment and discrimination. 
I reject the idea that we can afford to pay for endless wars in the Middle East but not health care for all of our children.
 knows from experience that the struggle for immigration justice is a civil rights struggle.As president, I will use my executive authority to immediately reinstate and expand DACA and put a moratorium on deportations on day one of my presidency. 
This is what happened when people in the U.K. were asked how much health care costs in the U.S.Remember that our outrageous for-profit system is not the norm in other countries.We can and we must do better.We need Medicare for All now.
 We’re thrilled to follow ; endorse We trust him to fight for students,  (incl…
Thank you for running a spirited and issue-oriented campaign. I look forward to working with you to defeat the most dangerous president in history and ending the hatred and divisiveness that he has created.
I very much hope that Major League Baseball and Minor League Baseball can resolve their differences and maintain professional baseball in all the communities that currently have it—while addressing concerns about facilities, working conditions and wages for minor league players. 
20 million people are being displaced from their homes every year due to climate-fueled disasters.20 million.Half measures are not enough.Our Green New Deal is the only sufficient response to the climate crisis put forward by any candidate.
The health insurance lobbyists who profit off of our broken health care system are scared because the American people are ready for Medicare for All.We may not have their unlimited money, but we have the people, and we're going to win. 
 From standing with us on strike lines with fast food workers to touring rural Iowa plagued by factory farms, Bernie has help…
I stand in solidarity with the student workers at Harvard. All workers deserve respect, dignity, a living wage, access to adequate health care, and protection against harassment and discrimination. I urge the administration to bargain in good faith for a fair contract. 
Greed and out-of-control consolidation in our corporate health care system means higher profits for executives and outrageous costs for patients.We will take on this dysfunctional system and pass Medicare for All. 
Prisons should not be for profit.Health insurance should not be for profit.We need to move in the direction of protecting human lives and dignity, not defending the limitless greed of massive corporations.
"Amazon is a trillion-dollar company. Working conditions can be much better than they are right now."  
 That's why Iowa CCI Action is endorsing We’re standing with Bernie because Bernie stands with us. 
 Iowa's largest progressive organization has endorsed get to work and win this thing, Iowa CCI. 
I'm honored to receive the endorsement of Together, we're going to win the Iowa caucus and defeat Trump by mobilizing millions of working people to fight for justice. 
If you had a couple billion dollars, you could announce your candidacy for president and be taken seriously, even if you were the dumbest person on Earth.Billionaires should not be able to buy our elections and we’re going to change that.
We have all the tools we need to end AIDS deaths and HIV transmissions. We just need the political will to do it. When we are in the White House, we will set a national goal of ending the HIV epidemic in the U.S. by the year 2025. 
 Nurses are ready to fight for a movement builder like — someone who understands: it's not about "me," it…
We have made great progress but too many people living with HIV and AIDS are suffering because they can’t afford the medicine they need.With Medicare for All, we will cap out-of-pocket prescription costs at $200 a year and end price gouging on life-saving drugs. 
 ✅ Chicken✅ Waffles✅ Eat and GreetGreat event. Thanks for coming out Columbia, SC  
Last year South Carolina spent:$21,756 per prison inmate$11,552 per studentIt makes no rational sense to invest more in keeping people in prison than keeping them in school.As president, I will do everything I can to reverse this absurdity.
No billionaires, super PACs or corporate lobbyists are supporting us, and we wouldn’t have it any other way. We are the strongest campaign to defeat Trump because we have millions of working people powering our campaign. 
 Running with the courage of your convictions is THE ONLY way to run—and win. has been doing it since the…
Coal miners are not the enemy.Oil rig workers are not the enemy.Climate change is the enemy.As we transition to 100% renewable energy, the Green New Deal will ensure a just transition for ALL fossil fuel workers.
 Reminder: 136 days ago, the House voted to raise the minimum wage to $15.That bill would’ve increased pay for up to 27 milli…
The top .0025% saw their wealth double in the last decade and their tax rate fall.We have the money to provide basic necessities to our people.What we need is the courage to take on the corporate elite.
 64 years ago Sister Rosa Parks showed us there is no progress w/o struggle. We owe it to her legacy to never become cynical…
 "When we read from the scriptures, the calling for the moment now is for nothing less than jus…
We're up against incredibly powerful special interests who will spend outrageous amounts of money to defeat us.We're going to win and make health care a right.Chip in before midnight:  
Our Green New Deal is the most aggressive and comprehensive plan to deal with the climate crisis introduced by any candidate.This is about the future of this planet and the lives of our kids and grandkids.The American people will not accept a middle ground approach.
For too long, huge corporate monopolies have rigged our economy.Their goal: maximize profits at the expense of small businesses and working Americans.Under a Sanders administration, we'll take on their greed and allow small businesses to thrive. 
Billionaires should not be able to buy elections.
It takes incredible courage to speak up against your employer, especially when they are the 2nd wealthiest man in the world.Sahro, William and Tyler – this movement stands with you.When WE are in the White House we will restore power to the working class of this country. 
This holiday season take a moment to think of the postal workers who are working incredibly hard.Trump wants to privatize the Postal Service and threaten 630,000+ jobs.I believe we should strengthen USPS, protect jobs and allow post offices to provide basic banking services.
Amazon is one of the largest corporations in the world, but it paid $0 in federal income taxes.It's owned by Jeff Bezos, the second-richest person on Earth.It is not too much to demand it guarantees safe and decent working conditions for every worker. 
The problems we face as a nation may seem insurmountable.But if there ever was a time when despair was not an option, now is that time.If we organize, if we stand together, if we refuse to let Trump divide us, we will win.
 This endorsement is about more than just advancing one leader; it’s about advancing a grassroots movement for change.It’s…
 My family lives on pensions and social security. Like Bernie,  to have their retirement with dignity. Protecting…
 This Thanksgiving, I’m thankful for the young people who are fighting for themselves and future generations to live in a c…
 I grew up in Brooklyn and went to public school my whole life. It was devastating for so many of my friends when it was time…
This Thanksgiving 500,000 Americans are homeless. I fight for them. 45 million are dealing with student debt and hundreds of thousands will skip college due to cost. I fight for them.87 million are underinsured or have no health insurance at all. 
 From being ‘randomly selected’ at airports, to having our mosques vandalized ; our homes, cars, phones surveilled, my Musli…
 My mother did multiple jobs as I was growing up, in the kitchen of a restaurant and cleaning homes. Today domestic and agri…
 I fight for the Americans who have never had a voice in the political processThe families struggling to put food on the ta…
 My mom’s terminally ill ; shows the world that a disability shan’t stop anyone, my dad has student debt out his ears ; medical…
 This brave woman is my mother-in-law, the way that our current system treats people with Alzheimer’s and their families is h…
 Over 5 years ago my dad passed away in a workplace accident. As immigrant workers, my parents witnessed shameful condition…
 My Dad, Mel, recently passed. I worry every day for my mom, Cookie, who relied on his income. I support
 Today I am thinking of immigrant families in this country that live in fear of deportation. People like my dad who couldn’t…
 My parents came to this country in search of a better life and sacrificed everything so my brother and I could follow our dre…
 My parents are public school teachers who have 57 years of combined teaching experience. Though they love their jobs ; mak…
 My mama has worked as a nurse for decades. Because of our expensive for-profit health care system, she’s had to delay r…
My parents didn't have easy lives. My father, a paint salesman, never made much money. My mother didn't live long enough to own a home as she dreamed.I'm thankful for the sacrifices they made for my brother and me. There are millions of families like mine, and  
Wishing a safe and happy Thanksgiving to you and your loved ones. We are grateful for the millions of people who are part of the political revolution. 
The Virginia AFL-CIO and Lee Carter are right.If we're going to expand the middle class and end corporate greed, we need to repeal so-called "right-to-work" laws that have been a disaster for Virginia and 26 other states. Gov. Northam: Do the right thing. End "right-to-work." 
Thank you to the youth leaders of network and for an important and emotional discussion on how we will end the school-to-prison and deportation pipelines. When we are in the White House I look forward to working with you to build a bright future. 
At her concerts has registered 20,000 people to vote through  She is doing exactly what has to be done — she's reaching out to young people and getting them involved in the political process. 
 my favorite duo. love u thanks for your kindness and all that u do 
We will put a moratorium on deportations and break up ICE so that no family has to live in terror of losing their loved ones. We must stand with our immigrant family and, together, build an immigration system grounded in civil and human rights. 
When people stand together and fight, we win. Thank you to the for inspiring people to get involved in the political process over the last three years. I'm proud to stand with them. 
I won my race for mayor by 10 votes.We had to take on the entire Democratic establishment.But after a few years, Burlington, a sleepy political city, became one of the most politically conscious and progressive cities in America. 
This is appalling and cruel.When we are in the White House we will not rest until all children separated from their parents are reunited. 
 Senator on global climate change  
 During rehearsal sinking shots, going for the layup 
Coming up soon: catch me slow jam the news on at 11:35 ET. Thanks for having me on!Photos: Andrew Lipovsky/NBC 
 1 hour until Jimmy ; Senator Slow Jam the News on  
We have got to end the private prison and detention racket in America, and reverse the racist criminalization of immigration. It is disgusting that ICE is trying to fast-track private prison contracts, which is why I support the California ban. 
Google is too big, too powerful, and its anti-worker actions will end when we are in the White House. We are going to break up Google and stand up for workers against powerful tech monopolies. 
Campaign Manager is live from New York with an update for our grassroots supporters on our path to victory. Leave questions in the replies and sign up to join us at  
"The platform and the policies [Bernie] has put forward will do wonders for Black people, Black women, trans people, poor people, oppressed people, immigrant people and poor white people in this country in a way that has never been done."  
If you're worried about getting into an argument with your family this holiday, here's my advice for you.Listen to the full conversation at  
 Tonight on the show: Senator is here! Plus, Katherine Langford and  
 Honored to be in this fight with 
"Bernie Sanders understands that in a time of crisis that being bold is the most realistic option." –Illinois State Sen. 
 The ruling class doesn’t stand a chance against  When you are willing to fight for someone you don’t know, there is…
We are going to ensure that no one pays more than $200 a year for the prescription drugs they need.
This is an emergency. We can not afford half measures.I am proud to have introduced the only plan that will address the crisis we face. We need a Green New Deal now. 
Thank you, for your courage. made $1.4 billion in profits last year but refuses to pay workers fairly. When we are in the White House we will take on corporate greed and ensure all workers have a living wage and the right to join a union. 
 You’ve heard of Big Oil, Big Pharma, and Big Money. None of them stand a chance against   
 Here is the fifth ad running in Iowa. Our message: When Bernie is in the White House, he is going to fight…
 Big us. I'm good with that.   
 Big Us &gt; Big Oil 
"He’s not there for Wall Street. He’s not there for Hollywood. He’s not there for big oil, or big pharma or big anybody. Just Big Us. And I’m good with Big Us." 
  people-powered movement inspired me to run for Congress to take on corruption and fight for progress.From 
We are going to live up the values Dr. King espoused and end the hatred coming from the Trump administration. 
From Little Rock to Houston, our campaign stands with the educators, parents and communities fighting against the disenfranchisement of people of color. Public schools should be under control of the people, not the wealthy and powerful. 
It was the trade union movement that built the middle class in this country, and it is the trade union movement that is going to rebuild it once again. Together, we are going to stand up to corporate greed and end the war on working families. 
Trump’s plan is to divide us up because that's the only way he can win. We are going to do the opposite. Our campaign is grounded in the idea of human solidarity. We are going to bring people together. 
Download the BERN app today and share your  Store: Google Play: 
My experiences growing up in a working class family shaped my values as a candidate for president.All of us have a story to tell of how we came to be a part of our fight for justice.Download the BERN app today and share your  
 Download the letter here: 
 is proposing to cut 42 Minor League Baseball clubs.This has nothing to do with what's good for baseball and everything to do with greed.It would destroy thousands of jobs and devastate local economies.I'm urging Commissioner Manfred to stop this proposal. 
The right to form a union is a constitutional right. Any corporation that engages in union busting or job outsourcing will not get a dime in federal contracts from a Sanders administration. Join me live in Salem, NH: 
The wealth of the billionaire class is almost incomprehensible.The Waltons get $70,000 richer every minute.Jeff Bezos makes $2,489 a second.That is why it is not radical to say that millions of people in this country should not be paid starvation wages.
If we could put people on the moon 50 years ago we sure as hell can make automatic voter registration possible nationwide.
 Dance Dance Revolution! 🌺🗳 
 and mustache you a question: Can you go to  to join a Bernie 2020 volunteer event near you? 
Trump lied when he said he’d stand up to corporate greed and help working people. We’re going to do what he failed to do: end corporate greed, stop corruption and restore workers’ rights. Join us in Portsmouth: 
People went to jail, people were beaten and people died fighting for the right to form a union.Our job now is not just to stand with the union movement—it is to make it stronger than it has ever been.In my first term, our goal will be to double union membership in America.
We do not believe that billionaires have the right to buy elections. That is why multi-billionaires like Michael Bloomberg are not going to get very far in this election. 
Nothing scares the billionaire class more than a strong union movement. We will fight for a union for every worker. Join us live in Hillsboro, New Hampshire: 
Democracy must mean democracy in the workplace as well.When I am president, when 50% of workers in a unit sign a card to join a union, plus one, they will have a union. End of discussion.
 After his remarks at the labor solidarity dinner in Manchester, NH, danced. 
As president, I will shut down the Keystone Pipeline that should never have been built in the first place. 
Having the time of my life 
If you're curious as to why massive, greedy corporations like Amazon and Walmart try to bust unions, remember that union workers earn 22% more, on average, than non-union workers.
I’m proud to have the boldest pro-union platform in the history of American politics. When we are in the White House we will double union membership nationwide. Join me live in Manchester, New Hampshire. 
When people come together to stand up for justice, we win. Congratulations to the young people demanding a sustainable future for our planet. We are with you in this fight. 
87 million Americans are uninsured or underinsured.Tens of thousands die each year because they don't have insurance.500,000 go bankrupt a year due to medical bills.It's not enough to tinker around the edges.We must pass Medicare for All.
Our fight for workers' rights does not stop at a $15 minimum wage.We will fight for safe and decent working conditions free of harassment.We will fight for decent benefits and health care.We will fight for a union for every worker in America.
Trump's administration works on behalf of his top donors on Wall Street and in the fossil fuel industry.I also pledge to work for our campaign's top donors: teachers and Walmart workers.
I have been criticized for introducing the most sweeping climate change proposal in the history of the United States of America. I apologize to no one.
 The Worker Appreciation NH Tour has begun. First stop Franklin Town Meeting.   
In a Bernie Sanders administration, we will restore workers’ rights to bargain for better wages, benefits, and working conditions. Join us live in Franklin, New Hampshire: 
All workers should have the right to collectively bargain and strike. 
Joe Biden may not want the votes of those concerned about immigrant rights, but I do. Join our movement for justice. 
In a nation which has far too much violence and murder, we’re going to end capital punishment.
 I support because he’s for Medicare for All and free public college.Medicare for All is about giving people…
I’m disgusted by the idea that Michael Bloomberg or any billionaire thinks they can circumvent the political process and spend tens of millions of dollars to buy elections.If you can’t build grassroots support for your candidacy, you have no business running for president. 
 Thank you for being the first to advocate for communities like ours. Thank you for amplifying our organizers Ri…
Battery Wharf Hotel workers and took a brave stand against harassment, discrimination and poverty wages, and won a fair contract by standing together. This is why unions matter. 
This type of union busting is unacceptable. I say to Google: it is time to address the racism, harassment, and harmful contracts at your company and treat your workers with the respect and dignity they deserve. 
Congrats to the newly-organized All workers deserve a voice and a union like 
Climate change has fueled massive floods across Iowa. These three levees alone protect more than 20,000 Iowans and $2.9 billion in property. We cannot afford to do nothing. We need a Green New Deal now. 
 Proud to have helped make this happen. Thank you for amplifying my community’s struggle — a struggle felt…
 Excellent video on a community and a struggle that doesn’t get the attention it needs. 
Bangladeshi tenants in Queens are joining together to take on the greed and abuse of landlords.I stand with them. Landlords should not be allowed to raise rents to whatever they want, whenever they want.It is time for national rent control. 
What's included under Medicare for All:➡️Dental care➡️Eyeglasses➡️Hearing aidsWhat's not included under Medicare for All:➡️Co-pays➡️Premiums➡️Deductibles
It was a special honor to be at Morehouse College today, to look out at the statue of Dr. King and to be joined by so many young people in the fight for education and justice.We will undo the hatred coming from Trump’s White House. We will bring our people together. 
"What I like about Bernie Sanders is that he's been doing this for a long time, he's a natural humanitarian."  
This is absolutely unacceptable and Bright Power must be held accountable. All workers deserve the right to form a union free from harassment and retaliation. 
I'm very tired of hearing from conservatives who want "small government" and to get the government off people's backs—yet don't understand that women have the right to control their own bodies
I learned about racism in a very personal way and at a very young age. I am Jewish and the son of an immigrant who came here to escape anti-Semitism. And I am committed to rooting out racism and bigotry everywhere it exists. 
We are launching our Muslims for Bernie organizing program! Join us for our first strategy webinar this Sunday, November 24 at 1 p.m. ET/ 10 a.m. PT by registering at  
The governor of Georgia today should not have been the governor. I want to congratulate for the campaign she ran and the extraordinary work she has done to get hundreds of thousands of people involved in voting and the political process,. 
I grew up in a rent-controlled apartment. My mother didn't live long enough to own her own home like she dreamed. I know what it means not to have money and that is why I will fight for the economic security of every American. 
It is a serious issue that 1 in 4 Iowans say they haven't been to the dentist in the past year.Medicare for All will not only eliminate premiums, co-pays and deductibles—it will cover dental care, too, and end this cruel, dysfunctional system. 
Cowardly Republican governors who suppress the vote because they can't win on their ideas need to get the hell out of politics and get another job.
 From local politician, to state senator, to national co-chair on  presidential campaign, sp…
We're going to win. Chip in $27 now:  
It was an honor to talk to myself. 
It is an outrage that throughout the history of this country, presidential administrations have been filled with wealthy campaign contributors.Here’s my commitment: I will fill my administration with my donors—the working class of this country who give an average of $18 apiece. 
 "I was arrested and went to jail fighting housing segregation in Chicago.I know that that's usually not the kind of th…
Higher education should be a right for all, not a privilege for the few.Read my plan to make historic investments in HBCUs and to ensure any student can attend any HBCU tuition-free: 
 We will cancel student debt. We will make public colleges and universities tuition-free. We will make historic investmen…
Following last night's debate, let me be very clear: our political system is corrupted by the billionaire class buying up candidates and elections. And we are the only ones with the guts to take them on. Help us build a movement to get it done by making a contribution today.
Following last night's debate, let me be very clear: our political system is corrupted by the billionaire class buying up candidates and elections. And we are the only ones with the guts to take them on. Help us build a movement to get it done by making a contribution today.
Following last night's debate, let me be very clear: our political system is corrupted by the billionaire class buying up candidates and elections. And we are the only ones with the guts to take them on. Help us build a movement to get it done by making a contribution today.
Following last night's debate, let me be very clear: our political system is corrupted by the billionaire class buying up candidates and elections. And we are the only ones with the guts to take them on. Help us build a movement to get it done by making a contribution today.
Following last night's debate, let me be very clear: our political system is corrupted by the billionaire class buying up candidates and elections. And we are the only ones with the guts to take them on. Help us build a movement to get it done by making a contribution today.
We will cancel student debt. We will make public colleges and universities tuition-free. We will make historic investments to strengthen and support HBCUs and MSIs. Join us live at Morehouse College: 
As the former Chair of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I worked with Sen. John McCain to pass comprehensive, bipartisan legislation to strengthen the VA.Unlike Trump, when we are in the White House we will stand with veterans. 
 This is gonna be fun. Join us tomorrow! 
 Honored to support the next  A thread on why:1. Bernie has CREATED the political conversation we…
Here is the truth: no matter what the corporate media might say, we are going to win this primary. We are going to defeat Trump. And we are going to transform this country. But I cannot do it alone. We need you. Can you make a contribution to our campaign?
Here is the truth: no matter what the corporate media might say, we are going to win this primary. We are going to defeat Trump. And we are going to transform this country. But I cannot do it alone. We need you. Can you make a contribution to our campaign?
Here is the truth: no matter what the corporate media might say, we are going to win this primary. We are going to defeat Trump. And we are going to transform this country. But I cannot do it alone. We need you. Can you make a contribution to our campaign?
Here is the truth: no matter what the corporate media might say, we are going to win this primary. We are going to defeat Trump. And we are going to transform this country. But I cannot do it alone. We need you. Can you make a contribution to our campaign?
Here is the truth: no matter what the corporate media might say, we are going to win this primary. We are going to defeat Trump. And we are going to transform this country. But I cannot do it alone. We need you. Can you make a contribution to our campaign?
“Every time, whether it comes to health care, whether it comes to housing, whether it comes to a job that pays a living wage, Bernie Sanders is the answer.”  
I am the son of an immigrant. I will always stand with immigrants.In college, I was arrested fighting segregation. I will always stand against racism, bigotry and hate.Today, we are building a movement that will defeat Trump and transform this country.  
If you want to be part of a movement to transform America, which doesn’t have a super PAC, whose average contribution is just $18, chip in to our campaign tonight.  
If you’re 18, you should have the right to vote. End of discussion. 
It is women who control their own bodies, not politicians.  
We need a homes guarantee and a national rent control standard. Read my plan here:   
Right now 45 million Americans are being crushed under the weight of $1.6 trillion in student debt.We're not going to cancel some of it — we're going to cancel every last cent.  
Saudi Arabia is not a reliable ally. It is a dictatorship that tries to crush democracy and treats women as third-class citizens.  
I led opposition to the War in Iraq.Joe Biden voted for it.We need to end our endless wars. 
We will prosecute the fossil fuel executives who knowingly destroyed the planet.  
When you talk about the pain of working people, we are not so divided. The majority of Americans agree:We must raise the minimum wage to a living wage.We must take on the fossil fuel industry to save the planet.We must take on the NRA to end gun violence. 
It's simple: If the president broke the law, he should be prosecuted. 
 "Tenemos un presidente que no solamente es un mentiroso patológico, sino probablemente el más corrupto en la historia de…
President Obama: Medicare for All is a "good idea."I agree.  
Some of the people on stage think that we should not take on the pharmaceutical industry and the health insurance industry.Well, I don't think any American should go bankrupt or die because they can't afford the health care they need. 
 “I can’t believe Inslee dropped out! Who’s gonna be the climate candidate now?”  
We must deal with Trump's corruption, but we also have to stand up for the working people of this country.  
 
We need your help to make tonight a very big one for our campaign – one that will send an unmistakable message to the establishment and media about our strength.Please contribute right now to show you're with us. As long as we are in this together, we are going to win.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help us win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help us win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help us win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help us win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help us win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help us win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
We need your help to make tonight a very big one for our campaign – one that will send an unmistakable message to the establishment and media about our strength.Please contribute right now to show you're with us. As long as we are in this together, we are going to win.
We need your help to make tonight a very big one for our campaign – one that will send an unmistakable message to the establishment and media about our strength.Please contribute right now to show you're with us. As long as we are in this together, we are going to win.
We need your help to make tonight a very big one for our campaign – one that will send an unmistakable message to the establishment and media about our strength.Please contribute right now to show you're with us. As long as we are in this together, we are going to win.
We need your help to make tonight a very big one for our campaign – one that will send an unmistakable message to the establishment and media about our strength.Please contribute right now to show you're with us. As long as we are in this together, we are going to win.
We need your help to make tonight a very big one for our campaign – one that will send an unmistakable message to the establishment and media about our strength.Please contribute right now to show you're with us. As long as we are in this together, we are going to win.
 NNU, the nation’s largest union of RNs, is proud to endorse workers' rights, to the Green New Dea…
Here are the questions we should be asking about Medicare for All:➡️Why are we the only major country not to make health care a right?➡️Why should pharma companies be able to charge whatever they want?➡️How much money do insurance companies spend to buy politicians? 
 My father, a lifelong Republican who worked @ IBM for 32 years, was in that room. Today when we chatted, he told me he…
We are the only campaign with more donors and donations than Trump. 
How are you going to pay for that? 
Trans rights are human rights. We are going to fight to end all forms of discrimination and violence against our trans family.  
 Another incredible moment from last night! Thank you !!  
 Thank you for supporting candidacy for President! Your Atlanta concert last night was incred…
 MY GUY. thank you Senator Sanders for coming to my show, making my whole night and for all that you stand for !
I want to thank for not only being a wonderful entertainer, but also for being such an outstanding advocate for social justice. We must all be prepared – like Ariana has shown – to fight for everyone who is struggling. It was great to meet her in Atlanta last night. 
Latina women in America must work for 23 months, on average, to make what white men earn in a year.Equal pay is not radical. It is not extreme. It's an issue of basic justice.We are ready to fight for decent, fair wages for women everywhere. 
When I ran for Congress we won a seat that had been Republican for decades.I passed more amendments than any member from 1995 to 2007.We invested in community health centers, saved pensions and protected farmers.No matter who we're up against we'll organize and we'll win. 
It should be much easier, in Iowa and across the country, for workers to form a union. I’m proud to stand with these Iowans who are standing up for their right to unionize. Together, we’re going to double union membership in my first term.
We are the strongest campaign to defeat Trump. Or Pence. Or whoever the Republicans put up.
Can you make a donation to stand with us before tonight's debate? This is our biggest opportunity yet to prove that our campaign is the best one to beat Trump and transform our country. So we’re aiming to take the stage with the largest number of grassroots donations possible.
This is the richest country on Earth. We can and we will end homelessness. 
Our movement has been fighting to ban fracking for years. Thanks to the environmental justice organizers who fought tirelessly to end our dependence on fossil fuels, California is one step closer to ending dangerous fracking practices. 
Teachers are doing some of the most important work in America. When we are in the White House, we will work to ensure a starting salary of at least $60,000 for every public school teacher.
There are very few people in the country doing more to make Medicare for All a reality than I'm proud to call him a friend and I look forward to fighting alongside him to guarantee health care for all Americans.
Tonight is the fifth Democratic presidential debate, which means we need your help to make today a very big day – one that will send an unmistakable message to the establishment and media about our campaign's strength.Please contribute what you can to show you stand with us.
Tonight is the fifth Democratic presidential debate, which means we need your help to make today a very big day – one that will send an unmistakable message to the establishment and media about our campaign's strength.Please contribute what you can to show you stand with us.
Tonight is the fifth Democratic presidential debate, which means we need your help to make today a very big day – one that will send an unmistakable message to the establishment and media about our campaign's strength.Please contribute what you can to show you stand with us.
Tonight is the fifth Democratic presidential debate, which means we need your help to make today a very big day – one that will send an unmistakable message to the establishment and media about our campaign's strength.Please contribute what you can to show you stand with us.
Tonight is the fifth Democratic presidential debate, which means we need your help to make today a very big day – one that will send an unmistakable message to the establishment and media about our campaign's strength.Please contribute what you can to show you stand with us.
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at tonight's debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at tonight's debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at tonight's debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at tonight's debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at tonight's debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
The security officers who keep Downtown Detroit's billion-dollar buildings safe are struggling to support their families. I stand with them as they fight for a voice on the job and the benefits they need. 
Teachers shouldn't have to fight for adequate resources for their students. But across the country the  movement has shown that when teachers and communities are organized, they can win. To the students, parents and teachers of Indiana, we are with you. 
Your $8.99 Netflix subscription is more than the company paid in federal income taxes last year (nothing).We are going to make massive corporations finally pay their fair share.
At every debate so far, I have talked about the number of volunteers we have, and the number of donations we have received. And there is a chance I will do so again tomorrow.Can you make a donation before I take the stage to help me show that our movement is stronger than ever?
At every debate so far, I have talked about the number of volunteers we have, and the number of donations we have received. And there is a chance I will do so again tomorrow.Can you make a donation before I take the stage to help me show that our movement is stronger than ever?
At every debate so far, I have talked about the number of volunteers we have, and the number of donations we have received. And there is a chance I will do so again tomorrow.Can you make a donation before I take the stage to help me show that our movement is stronger than ever?
At every debate so far, I have talked about the number of volunteers we have, and the number of donations we have received. And there is a chance I will do so again tomorrow.Can you make a donation before I take the stage to help me show that our movement is stronger than ever?
At every debate so far, I have talked about the number of volunteers we have, and the number of donations we have received. And there is a chance I will do so again tomorrow.Can you make a donation before I take the stage to help me show that our movement is stronger than ever?
I stood with Immokalee farmworkers in 2008, fighting for better working conditions. I stand with them now. I say to join the and protect workers from sexual violence and forced labor. 
In 1965 the CEO-to-worker pay ratio was 20:1.Last year, it was 287:1.We are going to end this greed and the rigged system that leaves the working class behind.
When we organize, we win. When we fight for each other, we win. I am proud to stand with climate strikers in Iowa City and around the country. 
Over and over, the corporate establishment has tried to convince people that we have no chance.Well, we just passed 4 million individual contributions—faster than any campaign in history.That's a pretty powerful movement and we are ready to take on the billionaire class.
Sean is absolutely right. Closing down Minor League teams, like the Vermont Lake Monsters, would be a disaster for baseball fans, workers, and communities across the country. We must protect these teams from corporate greed. 
It’s time the government had the backs of family farmers instead of doing favors for corporate agriculture monopolies. When we are in the White House we will revitalize rural America by fighting for working people and farmers, not big agri-business.
 Bernie Sanders Talks About the Rising Generation of Progressive LeadersIn an exclusive interview with  the…
We are the fastest campaign in history to reach 4 million donations.We are the only campaign with more donations and donors than Trump.Our campaign is historic because we have millions of people ready to take on the corporate elite and transform this country.
The City Council of Montpelier, Vermont, has voted to pay a living wage on city projects like bridges and roads. Congratulations to Vermont workers who fought for this change. Every worker in America deserves decent wages and decent benefits.
Can you make a donation to stand with us before Wednesday's debate? This is our biggest opportunity yet to prove that our campaign is the best one to beat Trump and transform our country. So we’re aiming to take the stage with the largest number of grassroots donations possible.
Can you make a donation to stand with us before Wednesday's debate? This is our biggest opportunity yet to prove that our campaign is the best one to beat Trump and transform our country. So we’re aiming to take the stage with the largest number of grassroots donations possible.
Can you make a donation to stand with us before Wednesday's debate? This is our biggest opportunity yet to prove that our campaign is the best one to beat Trump and transform our country. So we’re aiming to take the stage with the largest number of grassroots donations possible.
Can you make a donation to stand with us before Wednesday's debate? This is our biggest opportunity yet to prove that our campaign is the best one to beat Trump and transform our country. So we’re aiming to take the stage with the largest number of grassroots donations possible.
Can you make a donation to stand with us before Wednesday's debate? This is our biggest opportunity yet to prove that our campaign is the best one to beat Trump and transform our country. So we’re aiming to take the stage with the largest number of grassroots donations possible.
Thank you for your endorsement. It means the world to me. Together, we are going to ensure teachers across this country have the compensation, the respect and the dignity they deserve. 
The federal minimum wage at the beginning of the decade vs. the federal minimum wage at the end of the decade.We need a living minimum wage of at least $15 an hour. 
Amazon made $11,200,000,000 in profits last year.Its federal income tax bill: ZERO.It is simply not true that we cannot afford to invest in housing or health care or education.We will make massive corporations finally pay their fair share.
 It’s happening!  takeover of the Blavity Politics account! We had an amazing time at and are e…
 workers deserve a fair contract with health care, job security and fair pay. I am proud to stand with and the workers who are fighting for what they deserve. 
Tax them. 
You don't get a bill when you drop your kid off at school.You don't pull out your credit card when you call the fire department.It's time to do the same for health care by passing Medicare for All and ensure no one leaves the hospital with insurmountable debt. 
 Rollin w/SNT in Nashville,TN with for HBCU  Tour   
I stand with Battery Wharf Hotel workers who are on strike for sexual harassment protections, job security and affordable health care. I call on to negotiate with so these workers can finally have a fair contract. 
The health insurance and pharmaceutical companies are trying to end our campaign. They just launched a seven figure ad buy attacking our movement for Medicare for All, and they will spend whatever it takes to stop us.Can you help us fight back by making a donation today?
It is past time for the United States to call climate change what it is: an emergency that requires an urgent, massive response. Add your name if you agree.
 Ours is the only campaign with a dedicated, resourced HBCU organizing program.Let's do this. 
Landlords cannot be allowed to raise rents to whatever they want, whenever they want. We need a tenants bill of rights that includes a national rent control standard.
Students: Join Bernie 2020 staff and surrogates on our HBCU tour this week as part of our HBCU Organizing Program. Go to  to find and RSVP to an event near you, starting tomorrow at Tennessee State. 
  warming up for a Townhall in Las Vegas! 
Millions live in fear because of Donald Trump’s racist immigration agenda. Together, we will confront this hatred and create an immigration system that treats asylum seekers, refugees and immigrants with dignity. Join live in Las Vegas: 
The primary goal of a criminal justice system should not be punishment, but whenever possible, rehabilitation.When I am president, we will no longer spend $80 billion locking up more people than any other nation.Our goal will be to reduce our incarcerated population by half.
 3 for 3 
The criminalization of marijuana has been a disaster. We are going to legalize it, expunge past convictions and invest in communities of color that have been devastated by the War on Drugs. 
In just the past week our campaign has been endorsed by and along with dozens of elected officials.This is what a multiracial, multigenerational, working-class movement looks like.Together, we are going to win.
Can you chip in a few bucks to stand with Bernie before the next debate on November 20? This is a critical moment for our campaign, and we’re counting on you to help us keep up our momentum.
Can you chip in a few bucks to stand with Bernie before the next debate on November 20? This is a critical moment for our campaign, and we’re counting on you to help us keep up our momentum.
Can you chip in a few bucks to stand with Bernie before the next debate on November 20? This is a critical moment for our campaign, and we’re counting on you to help us keep up our momentum.
Can you chip in a few bucks to stand with Bernie before the next debate on November 20? This is a critical moment for our campaign, and we’re counting on you to help us keep up our momentum.
Can you chip in a few bucks to stand with Bernie before the next debate on November 20? This is a critical moment for our campaign, and we’re counting on you to help us keep up our momentum.
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at Wednesday’s debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at Wednesday’s debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at Wednesday’s debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at Wednesday’s debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at Wednesday’s debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
Dental care is a human right.Mental health care is a human right.Reproductive health care is a human right.That is why they’re covered under Medicare for All.
I'm honored to receive endorsement.Young people are far, far more powerful than the establishment allows them to think they are.Our campaign is about recognizing that power and working with young people everywhere to achieve justice. 
 New: gets key endorsement from NH ; VT-based grassroots group - as a result of membership vote, anno…
Are you prepared to stand up for the undocumented?Are you prepared to stand up to racism?Are you prepared to stand up to sexism, to homophobia, to wealth inequality?If you are prepared to do all of that, then together we can create a nation that is based on justice.
We're told we can't afford to invest in the housing, health care and education our people need.Meanwhile, giant corporations are paying ZERO in federal income taxes.When we stand up to the corporate elite, we can make real change for our country. 
 I want to be the party of the New Deal again.The party of the Civil Rights Act,the one that electrified this nation and fights…
  your message of “Us, not Me” is the one that resonates with me most. Your willingness to always fight for…
We’re going to win California.We’re going to win the Democratic primary.We’re going to defeat Trump.And we’re going to build a nation based on justice and dignity for all.Thank you Eastside Los Angeles! 
“It’s time that we become the party of FDR again.It’s time for us to become the party of the Civil Rights Act again.It’s time for us to become the party that fights for queer liberation again, the anti-war party, a party that establishes peace and prosperity.”  
No one should struggle to pay bills because they got in an accident.No one should sell their house because they got cancer.No one with chronic illness should be in debt their whole life.We're going to eliminate all past-due medical debt and guarantee health care to all.
We're not only going to beat Trump. We're going to transform the country into one that works for working people and not just the top 1%. Join us live in Eastside LA:  
Thank you and Together we are going to build a nation based on justice for all. 
 Grammy award-winning band who has endorsed perform ahead of the senator taking the stage here…
Together we will take on the powerful special interests that control our political and economic life and transform our government into one that works for all people, not just the top 1 percent. Join me now in Eastside LA: 
 The  is possible and necessary. Pass it on. 
We are excited to announce the launch of our National Asian and Pacific Islanders for Bernie organizing program! Join us for our first strategy webinar this Sunday by registering at  
Iowa Chief Justice Mark Cady leaves behind a powerful legacy of protecting the rights of young Iowans and LGBTQ Americans. He will be greatly missed. 
 Oooooooowee, what said! We were feelin the Bern tonight! Thank you Bedford and Cambridge for spending your…
The  is possible and necessary. Pass it on. 
Will you make a donation to help us fight back against the wealthy people and corporate powers trying to buy this election? The most important message we can send to the billionaire class right now is that our movement is more powerful than their money.
Will you make a donation to help us fight back against the wealthy people and corporate powers trying to buy this election? The most important message we can send to the billionaire class right now is that our movement is more powerful than their money.
Will you make a donation to help us fight back against the wealthy people and corporate powers trying to buy this election? The most important message we can send to the billionaire class right now is that our movement is more powerful than their money.
Will you make a donation to help us fight back against the wealthy people and corporate powers trying to buy this election? The most important message we can send to the billionaire class right now is that our movement is more powerful than their money.
Will you make a donation to help us fight back against the wealthy people and corporate powers trying to buy this election? The most important message we can send to the billionaire class right now is that our movement is more powerful than their money.
I may not be a billionaire. We may not have a super PAC. That’s fine. Because we have a historic movement of millions of people that is far more powerful than big checks from a few rich folks.Make a donation to help us take on the billionaires trying to buy this race and WIN.
I may not be a billionaire. We may not have a super PAC. That’s fine. Because we have a historic movement of millions of people that is far more powerful than big checks from a few rich folks.Make a donation to help us take on the billionaires trying to buy this race and WIN.
I may not be a billionaire. We may not have a super PAC. That’s fine. Because we have a historic movement of millions of people that is far more powerful than big checks from a few rich folks.Make a donation to help us take on the billionaires trying to buy this race and WIN.
I may not be a billionaire. We may not have a super PAC. That’s fine. Because we have a historic movement of millions of people that is far more powerful than big checks from a few rich folks.Make a donation to help us take on the billionaires trying to buy this race and WIN.
I may not be a billionaire. We may not have a super PAC. That’s fine. Because we have a historic movement of millions of people that is far more powerful than big checks from a few rich folks.Make a donation to help us take on the billionaires trying to buy this race and WIN.
Thousands of Iowans have already signed up to caucus with our campaign on February 3 – will you join us by signing up today?
Please sign up to help us make HISTORY in Iowa. We’re aiming to turn out an unprecedented number of Iowans at the February 3 caucus, because that is not just how we win this race – it’s how we build a movement that can take on corporate America once we are in the White House.
 Thousands came to the campus for the rally. 
Thank you Fresno! It is great to be back in California. Together, we are going to defeat Trump and pass a Green New Deal to address the climate crisis and create 20 million jobs. 
The proposed changes to Puerto Rico's Civil Code are an attack on the rights of women and the LGBTQ+ community. We stand with activists fighting against discrimination and to protect the dignity and human rights of all Puerto Ricans.
In my first week as president, we will introduce Medicare for All legislation.
When I am president, the United States will lead not in war-making but in bringing people together to take on authoritarianism and corporate greed. 
 “ is not an idea that came to you yesterday. You have led this country in the understanding that health…
 “We nurses have been fighting to win health care as a human right, to win  for decades. And you know who…
 HAPPENING NOW: Hundreds of union nurses crowd NNU headquarters as we prepare to officially endorse in Oa…
"The rest of the United States has just finally caught up to what this cat's been doing already for his entire career." Thank you 
Scientists have told us we must take action immediately to avoid climate catastrophe.A Green New Deal is not "radical," "unrealistic," or "too expensive."It is what is absolutely necessary.
 We need a president who makes it easier for us to stand together and hold our employers accountable for putting people…
"We know that there are ample opportunities for politicians to compromise on Medicare for All, and we know, having worked with Senator Sanders before, that he won't compromise when people's health is at stake." –Deborah Burger, Co-President 
 We are endorsing because his platform aligns with our values on a host of issues:💪 Rebuilding the labo…
Congratulations to the courageous members of in Cedar Rapids. All workers deserve dignity and fair pay on the job, and unions help achieve that. When I am president, we will make it easier for workers to join unions like RWDSU. 
In recent years, we have seen abhorrent human rights abuses by the Philippine government. This repression of trade unionists is a shameful attempt to silence people's rights and freedoms. More than ever, we must stand on the side of global human rights. 
 Don't wait to see which way the wind is blowing - make the weather! 
Thank you for your support! If you love America, you love the children of America. If you love the children of America, you love the people who educate and take care of the children. Together we will reinvest in public education and transform America. 
We’re building the momentum we need to win. Bernie’s Campaign Manager is joining us live right now with an update on our campaign. 
Congratulations to and and welcome to the world, Willow. Your parents are fighting each day to make your future brighter. 
Insulin is the difference between life and death for millions of Americans with diabetes.A vial costs just $6 to make.Drugmakers in the U.S. sell it for $300 per vial.That is the unbelievable greed we are going to finally put an end to.  
"Bernie Sanders is running on a Green New Deal platform that is honestly the Green New Deal of our dreams. It is by far and away the boldest plan of any of the candidates."Thank you for supporting our campaign. 
What is he hiding? 
Instead of giving billionaires tax breaks we are going to guarantee free school meals to every child in America.
Trump wants the Supreme Court to allow employers to fire LGBTQ+ people because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. With the help of we will defeat this bigotry. 
 Our leaders have neglected + forgotten public housing for decades.Millions are forced to choose between living in homes…
Israelis should not have to live in fear of rocket fire. Palestinians should not have to live under occupation and blockade. The U.S. must lead the effort to end the crisis in Gaza and the persistent violence that threatens everyone.
This must end. Children in America should not live in fear for their lives at school or anywhere else. We have a moral obligation to say: children's lives are more important than gun manufacturers' profits. We must pass common sense gun safety legislation. 
Thousands of Iowans have already signed up to caucus with our campaign on February 3 – will you join us by signing up today?
Please sign up to help us make HISTORY in Iowa. We’re aiming to turn out an unprecedented number of Iowans at the February 3 caucus, because that is not just how we win this race – it’s how we build a movement that can take on corporate America once we are in the White House.
My father worked a low-wage job. Should I be ashamed of that?No, I should not.If you work a low-wage job and are living paycheck-to-paycheck, you are deserving of justice and dignity. 
In our system today:Tens of thousands of Americans get criminal records every year for marijuana possession.But not one major Wall Street executive went to jail for destroying our economy in 2008 due to their greed and illegal behavior.We're going to change that system.
 i don't where i'd be without  famu made me into more than i ever imagined.   continue to do this f…
No more cash bail.No more death penalty.No more "war on drugs."No more mandatory minimums.No more private prisons and detention centers.We are going to fundamentally reform our broken and racist criminal justice system.
I don't think anyone in America should die because they can't afford to see a doctor.Is that really so radical?
We need HBCU students to help us achieve real political and social change in our country. Join us and mobilize your campus by registering for our HBCU organizing program before November 21st:  
We become more human when my family cares about your family and your family cares about my family.
Politicians in Washington are going to vote for our bold, progressive agenda because of a movement of millions of people joins this week's  to discuss how we will enact our vision for justice:  
 This is shameful. No student should be denied food PERIOD.It’s why and I have a bill to end school lunch shamin…
I stand with Byron Allen and No company is above the law in our fight to end racial discrimination. 
This is outrageous. When we're in the White House, we're going to make sure that no student goes hungry at a public school and we're going to eliminate the stigma surrounding children who get free or reduced lunch. 
More than 100,000 Americans already die from air pollution each year, and Donald Trump is making it easier for his fossil fuel executive friends to poison your children.We are going to end his outrageous corruption. 
Some say that investing in a Green New Deal is not very practical. I think it is not very practical to allow millions of people to lose their homes, jobs and lives due to climate catastrophe.
 For 40 years has been fighting for us, it's time for us to fight for him. I proudly endorse Bernie Sanders! T…
 Thank you for the support of members, For those who want to join the picket line…
I'm proud to stand in solidarity with in their fight to protect Little Rock public schools. Together, we will defeat this shameful and undemocratic effort to privatize and re-segregate Little Rock's schools. 
No more ripping babies from their mothers. No more Muslim ban. No more racist border wall. We are going to undo everything Trump has done to demonize immigrants and Latinos. 
 Yes, Women of Color Support Bernie Sanders. It’s Time to Stop Erasing Our Voices. | teenvogue "Though there are other…
 is making record profits while flight attendants struggle to make ends meet. Workers have waited nearly three years for a bargaining agreement. This is unacceptable. I stand in solidarity with and members. 
 Thank you to for dedicating so much time to engage with our  community today. We continue to encourage al…
"Under Bernie Sanders, there will be no children in cages... there will no longer be somebody at the White House that will point fingers and use Latinos as scapegoats." -San Juan Mayor and Bernie 2020 Co-Chair 
"On day one of his administration, Sanders will help us return to the timeliness principles that made our country a beacon of hope and freedom. He will restore the dignity to all working people."  Iowa City Councilor 
A living wage of $15 an hour means economic security for hundreds of thousands of New Jerseyans. The proposal to roll back this progress a threat to their livelihood. I urge lawmakers to stand on the side of workers and their families. 
 Medicare for All was once fringe. Today it's at the center of our political discourse, thanks to and the in…
I want to thank for their strong support of our campaign.Let me be very honest: I love nurses because they are the backbone of American health care.Together we are going to win and finally pass Medicare for All. 
Thank you and for your support. Our movement is growing stronger every day, and together we are going to bring millions of people into the political process and complete the work we started. 
“Now that I’m a member of Congress, I see and have experienced the immense amount of pressure there is to conform, and I frankly don’t know how Senator Sanders has remained this consistent for so long.” -Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez 
Today we say thank you to our grassroots donors who make this movement possible. No billionaires, super PACs or corporate lobbyists are supporting us, and we wouldn’t have it any other way. 
Stephen Miller's white nationalist views are a danger to the American people. We are going to defeat this hateful administration and everything it stands for. 
In just three days, we had over 7,000 people join us on the road in Iowa. Our campaign is stronger than ever and we're so glad to have with us in the fight for a just economy and a Green New Deal. 
I have spent years standing with McDonald's workers in the fight for justice. Today, I proudly support those workers again who are fighting to end sexual assault and workplace violence and striking for $15 and a union. 
Not a single person in America, the richest country on Earth, should be able to say someone they know died because they couldn't afford treatment—let alone 34 MILLION people.Medicare for All now. 
Trump is a liar.He's a racist.We're going to defeat him.And we're going to reverse every ugly thing he has done to demonize immigrants—starting with immediately restoring protections for Dreamers and their parents. 
 Union nurses are proud to announce that this Friday, we plan to officially endorse in the Democratic Par…
 We are proud of the nurses’ decision to endorse He is dedicated to building a mass movement of everyday peop…
I stand with DACA recipients and immigrants across the country today.When we win we'll reverse every ugly thing Trump has done to hurt immigrants. America is not about millions of people living in fear.On day one, I'll restore DACA and put a moratorium on all deportations. 
Nurses are the backbone of American health care. I want to thank for not only the strong support of our campaign—but for the courage they have shown in helping to lead the effort for a Medicare for All program.Together we will make health care a right. 
Are you a veteran supporting our campaign?Join us for our first Veterans for Bernie strategy webinar this Thursday. Register at  
This is the richest country on Earth.Not a single veteran should have to sleep on the streets.Not a single veteran should go hungry.Not a single veteran should go without the health care they need.
We say to Michael Bloomberg and every other billionaire: You ain't gonna buy this election. Those days are over. 
 A leading voice and organizer in the BLM movement, speaks about the importance of the Sanders campaign…
I am very concerned about what appears to be a coup in Bolivia, where the military, after weeks of political unrest, intervened to remove President Evo Morales. The U.S. must call for an end to violence and support Bolivia’s democratic institutions.
As president, I will end the ugly practice of deporting immigrant veterans who have put their lives on the line for this country, once and for all.
Unlike Trump, I refuse to leave veterans and seniors behind. We are going to ensure the stable retirement that every American deserves. Join our town hall: 
We will not dismantle or privatize the VA. We will expand and improve the VA. 
 In a Jewish Currents exclusive, lays out his approach to fighting antisemitism. 
 On Veterans Day, released his plan to help veterans. It will:-provide at least $62 billion in new fund…
I know very well where white supremacist politics leads, and what can happen when people do not speak up against it.We will confront this hatred, do exactly the opposite of what Trump is doing and embrace our differences to bring people together.
As the former Chair of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, I have spent years ensuring that veterans receive the care and benefits they've earned.As president, I will finally ensure our nation keeps our promise to our veterans. 
Congratulations to the workers at Hearst for their decision to unionize. I applaud their courage and hope others in the industry follow their example. We must keep unions like strong as corporate greed in media continues to threaten jobs. 
If a country is worth anything, it is how we treat the people who put their lives on the line to defend us.5 years ago, John McCain and I expanded health benefits for veterans.When I am president, we will keep our promise to our veterans. 
The fossil fuel industry’s greed must end. We’re going to aggressively combat climate change and create millions of good-paying union jobs in the process. Join our rally live: 
Our campaign is strong because of the guidance and leadership of women like and are on the ground in South Carolina this weekend building the movement for Medicare for All. 
Are you a union member who supports our campaign?We are launching our national organizing program to provide union members with the tools to organize their coworkers and community. RSVP for our Union Members for Bernie strategy webinar:  
A woman I met in Cedar Rapids pays $94,000 a year for her husband's Alzheimer's treatment.Taking care of a loved one when they are sick is already difficult enough.You shouldn't have to worry about going bankrupt at the same time. That is why we fight for Medicare for All. 
Hahahahaha. That's some real class solidarity. I’m impressed by that grassroots movement.Our campaign on the other hand is a real movement by and for the working class. We are going to take on the billionaire class, and we are going to defeat them. 
A Green New Deal will not only prevent climate catastrophe. We will create 20 million jobs and invest $16 trillion in the economy. Join our town hall in Orange City: 
Woah! In just 24 hours, over 6,500 people joined us in Coralville, in Council Bluffs and for our Climate Crisis Summit in Des Moines.We are going to win because we are bringing working people, young people and poor people across Iowa and this nation into the political process. 
 proud to be a part of a campaign that is about the collective, not the individual. even prouder to work in a movement…
Jeff Bezos and Amazon spent $1.5 million to defeat progressives like They should have kept their money.The people of Seattle want leaders who will fight to end corporate greed, to make big corporations pay their fair share and for affordable housing. 
Tonight we say to Michael Bloomberg and other billionaires: Sorry, you’re not going to buy this election. 
"My Why Bernie is because when I was a kid… and my mom was cleaning houses and my dad was trying to start a business, and my parents were struggling to have health insurance, let alone me, Bernie was fighting for us."  
Now is the moment to fundamentally transform our racist and broken criminal justice system by ending mass incarceration, the failed war on drugs and the criminalization of poverty. Congratulations on your historic victory! 
Together we are going to put power back in the hands of working people and build an economy that works for all of us. Join me and live in Iowa: 
Eliminate medical debt. 
 Rep. is helping to launch a canvass today in Des Moines. This wknd Team Bernie in Iowa will knock more than 20,000 doo…
What we need is a dynamic democracy — a democracy where all of us play a role in shaping public policy.Not some billionaire who decides to run for President of the United States because he's a billionaire. 
When I look at the young people here from the and when I look at young people all over the world, this may be the moment that young people look their parents in the eye and say, "Now is the time to save the planet." 
"When it comes to a Green New Deal people say, always, always with this question, 'How are you going to pay for it?'As though we're not paying for it now. As if the Midwest wasn't underwater this year.As if 3,000 Americans didn't die in Puerto Rico in Hurricane Maria."  
"Here's the thing about big money. That big money is very lonely because we've got people on our side. The thing about billionaires is that there's not too many of them."  
 speaking now! 
"I support Bernie because there is no point in having a good Green New Deal plan if you’re not building the movement to win it." - 
We will take on greed of fossil fuel executives and the billionaire class who stand in the way of climate action and pass a Green New Deal. Join me, and more live in Des Moines at our Climate Crisis Summit: 
The political and media establishment want you to believe that poverty will always be with us.They want you to believe that all you deserve as a worker is $10 or $12 an hour.What this campaign is about is a new vision for what Americans are entitled to as human beings.
 This rally last night in Iowa with is unlike anything I’ve ever heard in American politics.Today, t…
June 2019 - hottest June on recordJuly 2019 - hottest month on recordAugust 2019 - second-hottest August on recordSeptember 2019 - hottest September on recordOctober 2019 - hottest October on recordThis is a climate crisis. A Green New Deal is the only sufficient response.
 Hello Iowa! ☺️👋🏽 
Everyone alive today is living at a point that is literally unprecedented in all of human history.Passing and enacting a Green New Deal must be a top priority. When I am president, it will be. 
 I’ve written about my preferences but I have never formally endorsed a candidate for President in my life - never mind spo…
When you have 500,000 Americans sleeping on the street, 87 million people uninsured or underinsured, and millions struggling with student debt, I don’t think it’s a radical idea to say: billionaires should not exist.
The 1% may have a whole lot of money and power.But we have the 99% and we're going to win.Thank you Council Bluffs for joining me and and making this the largest rally of any candidate in Iowa! 
 We’re ready to take on the power of the billionaire class, pass a Green New Deal and create an economy that works for al…
 You're looking at the largest rally in Iowa of any candidate. and brought together over 2,400 people…
 Sen. on “I can not think of any member of Congress who has done more within one year to fundamentall…
  has been an inspiration to millions of young people and has made it clear that the younger generation of this coun…
 “Iowa, you’re the first in the nation, baby. You need to set the tone,” says. “I need to go back home to the Bronx an…
 Good evening from Council Bluffs, Iowa, where we’ll be joined shortly by and for their first Hawkeye St…
We’re ready to take on the power of the billionaire class, pass a Green New Deal and create an economy that works for all of us. Join me and live in Iowa: 
Our fight is not between workers who make $10 an hour and those who make $20 an hour.Our fight is between the millions of Americans struggling just to get by and the handful of corporations and multibillionaires who hold obscene amounts of wealth and power.
We don't have a super PAC, we don't need a super PAC, and we don't want a super PAC.We're going to win because of an unprecedented number of small donations from working people. Chip in here:  
As President, Lula has done more than anyone to lower poverty in Brazil and to stand up for workers. I am delighted that he has been released from jail, something that never should have happened in the first place. 
I am willing to fight for someone I don't know – to make sure everyone gets the health care they need without going into debt. 
 When a boomer tries to tell you a  is impossible, hit em  with this from Uncle Bernie 👇 
The federal government electrified America as part of the New Deal.We put people on the moon 50 years ago.We can sure as hell transform our energy system away from fossil fuels to 100% renewables today.
Join me and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez in the fight for a just economy and a Green New Deal this weekend in Iowa.Council Bluffs: Des Moines: Coralville:  
It is 2019. Women must have equal pay for equal work.
At the end of the day, the 1% is only 1%. We are 99% and that is exactly why we will win. 
The billionaire class is scared. And they should be. Because when we're in the White House, their control over the economic and political life of our country will come to an end.Show Bloomberg that we aren’t about to let him buy this race by rushing a donation to our campaign.
Michael Bloomberg is filing to run for president as a Democrat. We need to respond in a BIG way to show the billionaire class can’t buy our elections. Can we count on you to make a donation to our campaign?
McDonald's claims it can't afford to pay a living wage to all workers.Now it's giving its former CEO, who was fired, a $42 million exit package.Corporate greed has no limit and we need a president who is prepared to take them on and end it.That is exactly what I plan to do.
The billionaire class is scared. And they should be. Because when we're in the White House, their control over the economic and political life of our country will come to an end.Show Bloomberg that we aren’t about to let him buy this race by rushing a donation to our campaign.
The billionaire class is scared. And they should be. Because when we're in the White House, their control over the economic and political life of our country will come to an end.Show Bloomberg that we aren’t about to let him buy this race by rushing a donation to our campaign.
The billionaire class is scared. And they should be. Because when we're in the White House, their control over the economic and political life of our country will come to an end.Show Bloomberg that we aren’t about to let him buy this race by rushing a donation to our campaign.
The billionaire class is scared. And they should be. Because when we're in the White House, their control over the economic and political life of our country will come to an end.Show Bloomberg that we aren’t about to let him buy this race by rushing a donation to our campaign.
The billionaire class is scared. And they should be. Because when we're in the White House, their control over the economic and political life of our country will come to an end.Show Bloomberg that we aren’t about to let him buy this race by rushing a donation to our campaign.
Michael Bloomberg is filing to run for president as a Democrat. We need to respond in a BIG way to show the billionaire class can’t buy our elections. Can we count on you to make a donation to our campaign?
Michael Bloomberg is filing to run for president as a Democrat. We need to respond in a BIG way to show the billionaire class can’t buy our elections. Can we count on you to make a donation to our campaign?
Michael Bloomberg is filing to run for president as a Democrat. We need to respond in a BIG way to show the billionaire class can’t buy our elections. Can we count on you to make a donation to our campaign?
Michael Bloomberg is filing to run for president as a Democrat. We need to respond in a BIG way to show the billionaire class can’t buy our elections. Can we count on you to make a donation to our campaign?
Michael Bloomberg is filing to run for president as a Democrat. We need to respond in a BIG way to show the billionaire class can’t buy our elections. Can we count on you to make a donation to our campaign?
Greedy, corrupt fossil fuel corporations created the climate crisis. We will make them pay to stop it.
The Green New Deal is not just a climate plan. It is an economic plan. We will create 20 million jobs and invest $16.3 trillion in our economy.
 Like  My mother and father were born in colonial Somalia. We fled and sought refuge in…
 Like Bernie, My great-grandparents came from Kingston, Jamaica for work ; a better life for their 6 ch…
 Like  My great great grandfather fought w the US Colored Troops in the Civil War. (Th…
The billionaire class is scared and they should be scared.
 Like  My father Eric (who I'm named for) immigrated from Freetown, Sierra Leone in…
 Like  My mother, a Colombian nurse who lost siblings to poverty and violence, My 93…
 Like  Mi papa y mama brought us here right before the economic crisis of 2000 in Argen…
 When the  is the governing agenda of this country, we will welcome people into this country w/ open arms — es…
  has unveiled an immigration plan that emphasizes why a fair and humane immigration system means a stro…
General Mills made over $1.7 billion in profits last year. They should be rewarding the workers that made that happen, not trying to cut benefits. I stand with members fighting back against corporate greed, and urge General Mills to meet the needs of their workers. 
 Like  I survived war before finding a home in America as a refugee.I am proud to suppor…
Immigration is personal to me. My father, Eli, immigrated from Poland to flee poverty and persecution. The rest of his family was wiped out by Nazis. He built a life for himself and his family working as a paint salesman in Brooklyn, New York.  
 Today came out with an ambitious immigration plan that we think would go a long way towards fixing many…
No child should have to go to school not knowing if their parents will be there when they get home. We will keep families together and end the ICE raids terrorizing immigrant communities.
Say Bill Gates was actually taxed $100 billion. We could end homelessness and provide safe drinking water to everyone in this country.Bill would still be a multibillionaire. Our message: the billionaire class cannot have it all when so many have so little. 
Trump's treatment of immigration as a criminal and national security matter is inhumane, impractical, and must end.When I am president, we will treat immigration a civil matter, and fundamentally restructure the government agencies tasked with enforcing immigration law.
 NEW: With bold immigration plan, Bernie Sanders becomes the only candidate to call for break up of ICE and CBP 
On day one of our administration we will immediately reinstate and expand DACA.
 Sen. Bernie Sanders says he would place a moratorium on deportations, end raids by Immigrations and Customs Enforcement, stop cons…
We are going to overturn President Trump’s racist and disgusting Muslim ban.
We're going to overturn everything Trump has done to demonize immigrants. We will:✅End family separation and reunify families✅End ICE raids✅Put a moratorium on deportations✅Restore and expand DACA✅Decriminalize and demilitarize the border
Hoy publiqué mi plan para rechazar el odio de Trump y cumplir con nuestros ideales como nación que da la bienvenida a inmigrantes y refugiados.
My father came to America as a refugee without a nickel in his pocket, to escape widespread anti-Semitism and find a better life.Today I released my plan to reject Trump’s hate and live up to our ideals as a nation that welcomes immigrants and refugees. 
We're in the middle of a national housing crisis.Nevada has the greatest shortage of affordable housing for the lowest-income earners.Criminalizing poverty is not the solution. When we win we are going to take on the greed creating the crisis and invest $32 billion to end it. 
An authoritarian dictator who murders journalists, tortures women activists and starves thousands of children should not control what Americans can and cannot say. 
"Sanders, and the movement supporting him, understands that we must now organize, mobilize, and empower each other in order to move democracy forward." 
We're looking forward to being in Iowa with Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez this weekend! Join us in the fight for a just economy and a Green New Deal:Council Bluffs: Des Moines: Coralville:  
It is outrageous that Republicans are threatening to effectively overturn the Kentucky election. In a democracy, we cannot allow politicians to just overrule election results. The will of voters must be respected. 
Congratulations to the first Latina mayor of Tucson, on her historic win last night—and to and the other grassroots community activists that fought hard for this progressive victory. 
The hospital workers of deserve a fair contract. No worker who provides vital health care services should be unable to afford their own health insurance. That's why we're fighting for Medicare for All and unions for all. 
On the issue of climate change, we cannot be too aggressive. This is about the future of humanity. That is why we have put forth the Green New Deal—the most comprehensive plan to address the climate crisis out of any campaign.
Thank you to Virginians for making history by standing up for health care, gun safety and voting rights, and for sending a clear message to Trump that we reject his hate and bigotry. 
T-Mobile got this merger approved after spending nearly $200,000 at Trump's hotels.This is a disastrous decision.When we're in the White House we're going to end this corruption and break them up. 
Last night voters across the country made clear: they're tired of a government that works for the 1% while working people suffer. They want real change.Next year we'll finish the job by taking on Trump’s corruption. We'll sweep him and all he stands for out of the White House.
Some people say and I make an odd political couple. In fact, there's nothing odd about it at all. Our story is the story of America. 
 “You guys have won a victory that will not only be for Chicago but be for the whole country.” Thanks for the support,
Congratulations to the LA City Council for recognizing that we need Medicare for All and that the for-profit health insurance racket must end. No one should struggle to afford the care they need, and the American people are with us. 
 you’re gonna want to know 
We are ready to take on the greed of fossil fuel executives and the billionaire class who stand in the way of climate action. Join our Climate Crisis Summit this Saturday in Des Moines with and more! RSVP here:  
Don’t miss your shot to help us reach a historic number of donations this month. Chip in whatever you can afford to help us send a message to the corporate media and the democratic establishment that our campaign is ready to defeat Trump and transform our country.
Don’t miss your shot to help us reach a historic number of donations this month. Chip in whatever you can afford to help us send a message to the corporate media and the democratic establishment that our campaign is ready to defeat Trump and transform our country.
Don’t miss your shot to help us reach a historic number of donations this month. Chip in whatever you can afford to help us send a message to the corporate media and the democratic establishment that our campaign is ready to defeat Trump and transform our country.
Don’t miss your shot to help us reach a historic number of donations this month. Chip in whatever you can afford to help us send a message to the corporate media and the democratic establishment that our campaign is ready to defeat Trump and transform our country.
Don’t miss your shot to help us reach a historic number of donations this month. Chip in whatever you can afford to help us send a message to the corporate media and the democratic establishment that our campaign is ready to defeat Trump and transform our country.
The truth is, the only way to make our progressive vision a reality is by building a historic movement powered by an unprecedented number of small donations. That’s why we’re aiming for a record number of contributions this month. Help us get there by chipping in right now.
The truth is, the only way to make our progressive vision a reality is by building a historic movement powered by an unprecedented number of small donations. That’s why we’re aiming for a record number of contributions this month. Help us get there by chipping in right now.
The truth is, the only way to make our progressive vision a reality is by building a historic movement powered by an unprecedented number of small donations. That’s why we’re aiming for a record number of contributions this month. Help us get there by chipping in right now.
The truth is, the only way to make our progressive vision a reality is by building a historic movement powered by an unprecedented number of small donations. That’s why we’re aiming for a record number of contributions this month. Help us get there by chipping in right now.
The truth is, the only way to make our progressive vision a reality is by building a historic movement powered by an unprecedented number of small donations. That’s why we’re aiming for a record number of contributions this month. Help us get there by chipping in right now.
Zero billionaires are supporting our campaign and we wouldn't have it any other way. Donate any amount you can to show the billionaires funding Trump and my opponents that we’re going to win this race and transform this country – whether they like it or not.
Zero billionaires are supporting our campaign and we wouldn't have it any other way. Donate any amount you can to show the billionaires funding Trump and my opponents that we’re going to win this race and transform this country – whether they like it or not.
Zero billionaires are supporting our campaign and we wouldn't have it any other way. Donate any amount you can to show the billionaires funding Trump and my opponents that we’re going to win this race and transform this country – whether they like it or not.
Zero billionaires are supporting our campaign and we wouldn't have it any other way. Donate any amount you can to show the billionaires funding Trump and my opponents that we’re going to win this race and transform this country – whether they like it or not.
Zero billionaires are supporting our campaign and we wouldn't have it any other way. Donate any amount you can to show the billionaires funding Trump and my opponents that we’re going to win this race and transform this country – whether they like it or not.
"[Bernie] has brought together one of the most diverse coalitions ever in American politics, of people who have been left behind, of working class people, to demand a better society."  
Homelessness isn’t a crime. It’s a symptom of the greed that is destroying housing in America.When we are in the White House, we will stop the criminalization of homelessness and invest $32 billion over five years to end homelessness once and for all. 
Can you let us know if you’ll caucus for our campaign? There are less than 100 days left before the caucus, and our job every day until then is to turn out as many voters as we possibly can.
Please take two minutes to let us know if you will caucus for our campaign on February 3. With less than 100 days until caucus day, it’s so important that we know who is planning to caucus for our campaign.
Can I count on you to caucus for our campaign on Monday, February 3? Every person on our side helps us prove we are building a movement that will not only beat Trump, but also transform this country.
Can you let us know if you’ll caucus for our campaign? There are less than 100 days left before the caucus, and our job every day until then is to turn out as many voters as we possibly can.
Please take two minutes to let us know if you will caucus for our campaign on February 3. With less than 100 days until caucus day, it’s so important that we know who is planning to caucus for our campaign.
Can I count on you to caucus for our campaign on Monday, February 3? Every person on our side helps us prove we are building a movement that will not only beat Trump, but also transform this country.
Thank you to all those in Manassas who came to help us get out the vote. We need everyone to turn out today in your state and local elections. Go to  to check your registration and find your polling place. 
Jeff Bezos and Amazon think they can buy elections.They spent $1 million to stop City Council candidates and Amazon that they can't buy our democracy and that their corporate greed won't stand. Get out and vote!
Election Day should be a national holiday.
I encourage Albuquerque residents to vote yes on Proposition 2 today. We must move to publicly fund elections across the country in order to ensure a fair playing field free of the corrupting influence of large donors. 
 Sen. Bernie Sanders interrupts Chicago Teachers Union podcast with phone call: 'You guys have won a victory that will…
 Thanks for your support, Progressive activist energy is driving change across the country, and I’m com…
 This was EPIC to see in my inbox! Beating big systems with big organizing can happen locally, yall! With the support of
Corporations and the ultra-rich already had too much power in Washington. Trump made it even worse. We are going to reverse that and put power back in the hands of working people.
 Carolina Moran, domestic worker from California with FOUR children protected by  “ means my home is with my fa…
Young people are far more powerful than they know. With their help, we’re going to save the planet and transform this country. 
Congratulations to Oklahoma—which has the highest incarceration rate in the world—for commuting the sentences of 527 non-violent inmates.There is still an enormous amount of work to be done. We must transform our broken and racist criminal justice system nationwide. 
 See you in Iowa! Thank you, for including us in this important summit. 
When we take back the White House, we will not only rejoin the Paris Agreement. We will launch the decade of the Green New Deal to lead the world in averting the climate crisis and create 20 million new jobs. Read our plan: 
Donald Trump is an international embarrassment. 
Join Bernie Sanders and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez for a rally in Council Bluffs! This event is free and open to the public. Tickets are not required, but an RSVP is encouraged. Entrance is provided on a first come, first served basis.
I am looking forward to rallying with Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez in Council Bluffs on Friday, and I hope to see you there. Please RSVP to let us know if you can join us.
I am proud to announce that Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and I will be rallying in Coralville on Saturday, November 9, as part of our very first tour through Iowa together. Join us by RSVPing today.
Join Bernie Sanders and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez for a rally in Coralville! This event is free and open to the public, but an RSVP is encouraged.A shuttle will be running from the University of Iowa campus to the Coralville Marriott Hotel before and after the rally.
Please RSVP to join me and Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez on November 9 for a Climate Crisis Summit, along with special guests Naomi Klein, Sunrise Movement leader Zina Precht-Rodriguez, U.S. Youth Climate Strike co-founder Isra Hirsi, and Bernie 2020 Iowa Co-Chair Stacey Walker.
The climate crisis is an international challenge and we are ready to take it on with a Green New Deal. RSVP to join me, AOC, Naomi Klein, Isra Hirsi, Zina Precht-Rodriguez, and Stacey Walker this Saturday in Des Moines for our Climate Crisis Summit.
Maybe I'm old fashioned, but I don't believe democracy is about billionaires and corporations buying elections.
 I know where I came from. My family fled war and displacement in Somalia. I sat for years in a refugee camp with no running wa…
 We've never seen something like this in US history,In 2020,  voters could determine who wins the Iowa Caucu…
The climate crisis is an international challenge and we are ready to take it on with a Green New Deal.Join me, and this Saturday in Des Moines for our Climate Crisis Summit.RSVP here:  
I know where I came from. My father, whose family was wiped out by Nazism, came to the U.S. from Poland at 17 without a nickel in his pocket.Like I believe that "my destiny, your destiny, the destiny of workers around the world are linked together." 
No matter how hard Trump tries, he will never succeed in dividing us. Thank you to and the 10,000 people who came out to join our movement for justice in Minneapolis! 
How can you defend a system where 87 million are uninsured or underinsured?Where we pay the highest prices in the world for prescriptions?Where tens of thousands die yearly because they can't afford to see a doctor?You can’t defend it. Medicare for All now.
 This is a movement.Together, we are going to create the America we deserve.Chip in whatever you can to power our movement…
 Nice to hang out with 10,000+ friends in Minneapolis.  
 Trump is a demagogue who wants to divide us with hate. When we stand together, we will defeat him in a landslide. Join u…
 "In the sea of corruption continuously stood for justice and never bowed down to special interests. That'…
Trump is a demagogue who wants to divide us with hate. When we stand together, we will defeat him in a landslide. Join us live from our Minneapolis rally with and Prince's longtime band New Power Generation. 
 Senator and I are about to get on stage in Minneapolis!Don’t forget to:1️⃣ Use the hashtag 
Joe Biden’s campaign just got a super PAC. And the only way we’ll be able to keep up with the super PAC dollars that are about to pour into this race is together. Can you rush a donation to help us fight back against Biden’s big money?
Joe Biden’s campaign just got a super PAC. And the only way we’ll be able to keep up with the super PAC dollars that are about to pour into this race is together. Can you rush a donation to help us fight back against Biden’s big money?
Joe Biden’s campaign just got a super PAC. And the only way we’ll be able to keep up with the super PAC dollars that are about to pour into this race is together. Can you rush a donation to help us fight back against Biden’s big money?
Joe Biden’s campaign just got a super PAC. And the only way we’ll be able to keep up with the super PAC dollars that are about to pour into this race is together. Can you rush a donation to help us fight back against Biden’s big money?
Joe Biden’s campaign just got a super PAC. And the only way we’ll be able to keep up with the super PAC dollars that are about to pour into this race is together. Can you rush a donation to help us fight back against Biden’s big money?
Joe Biden’s campaign recently gave the green light to his rich and powerful backers to form a super PAC. Will you make a contribution to our campaign as a way of saying we will NEVER allow Biden’s super PAC to buy this race?
Joe Biden’s campaign recently gave the green light to his rich and powerful backers to form a super PAC. Will you make a contribution to our campaign as a way of saying we will NEVER allow Biden’s super PAC to buy this race?
Joe Biden’s campaign recently gave the green light to his rich and powerful backers to form a super PAC. Will you make a contribution to our campaign as a way of saying we will NEVER allow Biden’s super PAC to buy this race?
Joe Biden’s campaign recently gave the green light to his rich and powerful backers to form a super PAC. Will you make a contribution to our campaign as a way of saying we will NEVER allow Biden’s super PAC to buy this race?
Joe Biden’s campaign recently gave the green light to his rich and powerful backers to form a super PAC. Will you make a contribution to our campaign as a way of saying we will NEVER allow Biden’s super PAC to buy this race?
Joe Biden’s campaign recently gave the green light to his rich and powerful backers to form a super PAC. Will you make a contribution to our campaign as a way of saying we will NEVER allow Biden’s super PAC to buy this race?
Joe Biden’s campaign recently gave the green light to his rich and powerful backers to form a super PAC. Will you make a contribution to our campaign as a way of saying we will NEVER allow Biden’s super PAC to buy this race?
Joe Biden’s campaign recently gave the green light to his rich and powerful backers to form a super PAC. Will you make a contribution to our campaign as a way of saying we will NEVER allow Biden’s super PAC to buy this race?
Joe Biden’s campaign recently gave the green light to his rich and powerful backers to form a super PAC. Will you make a contribution to our campaign as a way of saying we will NEVER allow Biden’s super PAC to buy this race?
Joe Biden’s campaign recently gave the green light to his rich and powerful backers to form a super PAC. Will you make a contribution to our campaign as a way of saying we will NEVER allow Biden’s super PAC to buy this race?
Tonight: I hope you can join me for our rally in Minneapolis with featuring a live performance by Prince's longtime band New Power Generation. Watch live at More information here:  
We will guarantee every American the right to a secure retirement and expand and improve Medicare to include dental, hearing and vision care. Join our town hall in Waterloo, Iowa: 
Don't let anyone tell you that we "can't afford" to make colleges tuition-free or cancel all student debt.The billionaire class is stashing enormous amounts of wealth, and our tax code lets them.We are going to make them pay their fair share.
 Latest Polls:New Hampshire (CNN): in first place.Iowa (NYT): Sanders in second place.Nevada (CNN)…
We don't have any billionaires funding our campaign and we're very proud of that.
One year from today, we're going to defeat Donald Trump.
Tomorrow: join me and at our rally in Minneapolis, featuring a live performance by Prince's longtime band New Power Generation. RSVP here:  
 Standing room only at the Seniors Town Hall in Cedar Rapids   
I applaud the work has done as an activist to stand up to corruption, make housing a right and fight for racial justice. Des Moines residents can make a difference on Tuesday by electing her to City Council for Ward 4. 
We will guarantee every American the right to a secure retirement and expand and improve Medicare to include dental, hearing and vision care. Join our town hall in Iowa: 
Half a million people in America file for bankruptcy due to medical bills—every year.Medicare for All now. 
We as a nation have a moral responsibility to ensure that all Americans with disabilities have access to the programs and the support needed to contribute to society, live with dignity, and achieve a high quality of life. Join me live in Iowa: 
I appreciate Gov. Newsom taking this stand. Californians can't remain hostage to a profiteering corporation for a basic need. PG;E's greed and corruption led to gross mismanagement of the state's electric system. Californians deserve a utility that's accountable to the people. 
Last night 1,500 Iowans marched with us to say: enough is enough. The billionaire class cannot have it all. We are going to end the outrageous corporate greed that is devastating working people in America. 
The Democratic Party must become the party of the working class of this country, not of super PACs, not of corporate interests, not of their lobbyists.
Tax the ultra-rich. 
 Senator on working with and bringing people together. Watch his extended  interview…
I applaud and stand with these Delta employees as they seek to unionize. Every worker in America deserves a voice in their workplace and an easy path to join a union. 
I stand with the workers at who are working in hazardous conditions as a result of corporate negligence. When we are in the White House we will expand and safeguard workers' rights. 
I won't accept the fact that CEOs make 300 times their workers, while half of Americans live paycheck to paycheck. Together we're going to end that greed and fight for working people. Join us live in Des Moines: 
Thank you for running a campaign to bring millions of people together, fight for justice for all and end gun violence in America. We are grateful for your leadership.
In 1965 the CEO-to-worker pay ratio was 20:1.Last year, it was 287:1.Workers aren't struggling because they're not working hard enough.They're struggling because more and more wealth is going to the people on top.We're going to reverse that and give workers a raise.
Don't underestimate us. 
Trump promised "insurance for everybody." Instead, nearly 500,000 children have lost health insurance since he took office. Enough is enough. We need Medicare for All now. 
Corporate elites and the billionaire class have too much power over working people, and we're going to change that. Join us tonight in Des Moines for the March to End Corporate Greed! RSVP here:  
Thank you to affiliate and for your insightful and moving forum in Claremont. Together we will build a nation based on justice for all people. 
I stand with the former workers who decided not to bow to the greed of private equity vultures like This is the kind of greed that is destroying journalism across the country, and together we are going to take them on.
Our path to victory is not through big money. It’s through millions of people chipping in what they can before tonight's monthly deadline. Will you chip in to stand with Bernie? 
"You shouldn’t accept any money from a super PAC, because people can’t possibly trust you." –Joe Biden, 2018
We are still a bit short of reaching the goal we've set for this monthly deadline. Can we count on you to add a contribution before our deadline comes to a close? 
We have just a few hours left to hit our goal of 2 million calls to voters. We can do it, but we need everyone to make calls right now. Join here: 
This is what happens when we have a president who ignores scientists and puts short-term fossil fuel profits ahead of the environment and the future of the planet.As president, I will shut down the Keystone Pipeline that should never have been built in the first place. 
Congratulations to the teachers and support staff of on reaching an agreement with the city. Unions are on the front lines of the struggle for justice in education, and I stand with them in this important fight for what Chicago's students and families deserve. 
Together, we are going to bring millions of people together to build a vibrant democracy that is based on racial, social, environmental and economic justice. Join me live in New Hampshire: 
 and I are taking the political revolution to Minneapolis this Sunday. Join us in the fight for justice for all. RSVP here:  
My friend understands: the American people overwhelmingly support our agenda and that is how we're going to defeat Trump. Listen to him on this week's  podcast at  
Join our March to End Corporate Greed this Friday in Des Moines and help us tell the billionaire class that they cannot have it all.RSVP here:  
I just formally filed my candidacy in New Hampshire. We are ready to win here, across the country and defeat the most dangerous president in modern history. 
"I've known Bernie for over 30 years. He is the most authentic person I have ever encountered. I mean authentic right to the core."  
Transdev cannot continue to put profits over people. Cinder Bed Road workers deserve fair pay, workplace protections, and good health care benefits. I am proud to stand with in their fight. 
Our campaign and our policies are about ending the outrageous racial disparities that affect every part of American life. 
Thank you for leading the fight in Iowa to bring social, racial, economic and environmental justice to all. 
Thank you for carrying on the movement to make health care a right to all. 
 🚨 Big news!  and I are taking our movement to an even bigger location Sunday. Join us in Minneapolis as we ra…
If these miners were bankers, Congress would have bailed them out already. My Green New Deal will protect the pensions workers were promised and provide a just transition for all fossil fuel workers. 
"It wasn’t until I heard of a man by the name of Bernie Sanders that I began to question and assert and recognize my inherent value as a human being." -Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez 
If you can afford it, please make a contribution to stand with our campaign before our October fundraising deadline comes to an end at midnight. I would not ask if it were not so important.
If you can afford it, please make a contribution to stand with our campaign before our October fundraising deadline comes to an end at midnight. I would not ask if it were not so important.
If you can afford it, please make a contribution to stand with our campaign before our October fundraising deadline comes to an end at midnight. I would not ask if it were not so important.
If you can afford it, please make a contribution to stand with our campaign before our October fundraising deadline comes to an end at midnight. I would not ask if it were not so important.
If you can afford it, please make a contribution to stand with our campaign before our October fundraising deadline comes to an end at midnight. I would not ask if it were not so important.
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before tonight's end of month fundraising deadline. And that’s a problem because Joe Biden’s rich and powerful donors just formed a super PAC to drown us under six and seven figure checks. Can you make a donation before midnight?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before tonight's end of month fundraising deadline. And that’s a problem because Joe Biden’s rich and powerful donors just formed a super PAC to drown us under six and seven figure checks. Can you make a donation before midnight?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before tonight's end of month fundraising deadline. And that’s a problem because Joe Biden’s rich and powerful donors just formed a super PAC to drown us under six and seven figure checks. Can you make a donation before midnight?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before tonight's end of month fundraising deadline. And that’s a problem because Joe Biden’s rich and powerful donors just formed a super PAC to drown us under six and seven figure checks. Can you make a donation before midnight?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before tonight's end of month fundraising deadline. And that’s a problem because Joe Biden’s rich and powerful donors just formed a super PAC to drown us under six and seven figure checks. Can you make a donation before midnight?
 It's after 10:30 pm on a Wednesday night in October, and volunteers are calling into key states across the country.You…
 represents the third-poorest district in America.This is the wealthiest country on Earth—no one should be going without food or clean water or decent housing.We're going to create a nation that works for all of us. 
I don’t need a super PAC. We are running a campaign of the working class, by the working class and for the working class of this country.
Together, we are going to defeat the most corrupt president in recent history and finally build a country that works for working people, not just the 1%. Join our rally live in New Hampshire: 
 It was when I spoke of my dad ; family living among corporate pollution that made me tear up. really saw m…
What we are saying is not radical. What we are saying is that if you can't afford thousands of dollars for health insurance premiums, you should not have to suffer and potentially die.You should have Medicare for All.
Medicare for All now. 
 ‘Some of that $3.8 billion should go right now into humanitarian aid in Gaza.’ — would like to divert some…
We have just two days left to hit our goal of 2 million calls to voters! We can do it, but we need everyone to help. Sign up for a shift now: 
Unlike some of our opponents, I don't want a super PAC. I'm not going to be controlled by a handful of wealthy people. I will be controlled by the working class.And that is why I must ask you now: Can I count on you to make a donation to our campaign before tomorrow's deadline?
Unlike some of our opponents, I don't want a super PAC. I'm not going to be controlled by a handful of wealthy people. I will be controlled by the working class.And that is why I must ask you now: Can I count on you to make a donation to our campaign before tomorrow's deadline?
Unlike some of our opponents, I don't want a super PAC. I'm not going to be controlled by a handful of wealthy people. I will be controlled by the working class.And that is why I must ask you now: Can I count on you to make a donation to our campaign before tomorrow's deadline?
Unlike some of our opponents, I don't want a super PAC. I'm not going to be controlled by a handful of wealthy people. I will be controlled by the working class.And that is why I must ask you now: Can I count on you to make a donation to our campaign before tomorrow's deadline?
Unlike some of our opponents, I don't want a super PAC. I'm not going to be controlled by a handful of wealthy people. I will be controlled by the working class.And that is why I must ask you now: Can I count on you to make a donation to our campaign before tomorrow's deadline?
Can you rush a contribution to our campaign before our October 31 fundraising deadline? Now that Joe Biden’s campaign has opened the door to taking super PAC cash, we cannot afford to fall behind.
Can you rush a contribution to our campaign before our October 31 fundraising deadline? Now that Joe Biden’s campaign has opened the door to taking super PAC cash, we cannot afford to fall behind.
Can you rush a contribution to our campaign before our October 31 fundraising deadline? Now that Joe Biden’s campaign has opened the door to taking super PAC cash, we cannot afford to fall behind.
Can you rush a contribution to our campaign before our October 31 fundraising deadline? Now that Joe Biden’s campaign has opened the door to taking super PAC cash, we cannot afford to fall behind.
Can you rush a contribution to our campaign before our October 31 fundraising deadline? Now that Joe Biden’s campaign has opened the door to taking super PAC cash, we cannot afford to fall behind.
 On the next  the guys get together with 2020 Presidential hopeful, 11/10c, onl…
Congratulations to workers at NBC News Digital. As we fight the corporate consolidation of media across the country, we must make it easier, not harder, for all workers to organize and join unions. 
The NCAA will fight any attempt to share their billions with players. College athletes are workers. They deserve pay, a union, and to own their own name, image, and likeness. 
 Loved visiting Detroit neighborhoods and learning about the powerful youth-led activism on affordable housing and arts ;…
We need a national rent control standard now. 
I am very proud of being Jewish and I look forward to being the first Jewish president in the history of this country. 
Farm and domestic workers in California are being forced to choose between their health and their paychecks. That's completely unacceptable. We need a Green New Deal to protect our most vulnerable.
Our message to corporate elites and the billionaire class: you cannot have it all. Join our March to End Corporate Greed this Friday in Des Moines! RSVP here:  
There is no "voter fraud" crisis. There is a voter suppression crisis because of cowardly Republicans who don't believe in democracy. 
Update: Due to high demand, we have moved our Minneapolis rally this Sunday to Williams Arena. Join and I in the fight to continue our political revolution! RSVP here:  
Democracy means more than the right to vote. It means control over your life and the work you do. We are fighting for workers to be treated as more than cogs in a machine. 
People tell us, "Oh my God, it can't be done. Can you imagine everyone in America having health care?"Duh.That's how it is in every other major country except the United States.
Our campaign is not only about changing the system politically and economically. We will change the value system of this country.We’re not going to worship corrupt billionaires anymore.We’re going to respect teachers and childcare workers and the working people of America.
No one was supposed to find out about this. 
The ideas I am talking to you about didn't come to me yesterday. These are ideas that I have fought for my entire life. 
"What makes Senator Sanders very different is that his aspiration is our aspiration." – 
Right now, we have a Congress and a White House dominated by a corporate elite who have unbelievable amounts of money and influence over the political and economic life of this country.I’m not going to be dominated by those guys. I will take them on and I’ll beat them.
Can we count on you to make a contribution to our campaign before our end of month fundraising deadline? We’re taking on the entire damn 1 percent, and now we’re also up against a pro-Biden super PAC funded by rich folks who want to see us lose.
Can we count on you to make a contribution to our campaign before our end of month fundraising deadline? We’re taking on the entire damn 1 percent, and now we’re also up against a pro-Biden super PAC funded by rich folks who want to see us lose.
Can we count on you to make a contribution to our campaign before our end of month fundraising deadline? We’re taking on the entire damn 1 percent, and now we’re also up against a pro-Biden super PAC funded by rich folks who want to see us lose.
Can we count on you to make a contribution to our campaign before our end of month fundraising deadline? We’re taking on the entire damn 1 percent, and now we’re also up against a pro-Biden super PAC funded by rich folks who want to see us lose.
Can we count on you to make a contribution to our campaign before our end of month fundraising deadline? We’re taking on the entire damn 1 percent, and now we’re also up against a pro-Biden super PAC funded by rich folks who want to see us lose.
We’re a bit behind where we need to be before our monthly fundraising deadline. And that’s a problem because right now Joe Biden’s wealthy donors are forming a super PAC to drown our campaign under seven figure checks. Can you make a contribution before our October 31 deadline?
We’re a bit behind where we need to be before our monthly fundraising deadline. And that’s a problem because right now Joe Biden’s wealthy donors are forming a super PAC to drown our campaign under seven figure checks. Can you make a contribution before our October 31 deadline?
We’re a bit behind where we need to be before our monthly fundraising deadline. And that’s a problem because right now Joe Biden’s wealthy donors are forming a super PAC to drown our campaign under seven figure checks. Can you make a contribution before our October 31 deadline?
We’re a bit behind where we need to be before our monthly fundraising deadline. And that’s a problem because right now Joe Biden’s wealthy donors are forming a super PAC to drown our campaign under seven figure checks. Can you make a contribution before our October 31 deadline?
We’re a bit behind where we need to be before our monthly fundraising deadline. And that’s a problem because right now Joe Biden’s wealthy donors are forming a super PAC to drown our campaign under seven figure checks. Can you make a contribution before our October 31 deadline?
 U.S. schools are resorting to shameful tactics like threatening to ban students who can't afford meals from prom and graduatio…
This Sunday, join and I at our rally in Minneapolis! Help us show Trump and the rest of the billionaire class that we're ready to take on their corruption and create a nation based on justice. RSVP here:  
 “Bernie has been working for me, now it’s my turn to work for Bernie.” - what fans thought at his swing…
I ask voters to judge me by my record. It is a record that is 100% pro-union and pro-worker. Hear the recap of the last Democratic debate on the latest   
This is a campaign for the working class—not billionaires who want to buy elections. Our fight is a fight to stop corruption, end corporate greed and give working families the security they deserve.
Powerful people who say that Medicare for All is an "impossible" idea usually stand to profit from defending our corrupt, corporate-run health care system.
Political and media elites might write off our campaign. That's fine. We have more individual contributions than any campaign at this point in history, from working people everywhere. And we're going to win.
If you think the future only belongs to the rich and the powerful, then that’s the future you will have. But if you believe that when we stand together we can take them on, there is nothing we cannot accomplish.
 knows that under our constitution, everyone is guaranteed equal justice under the law, not just the very rich and powerful.
I’m proud to endorse to be San Francisco's next District Attorney. In America today we have a broken criminal justice system that criminalizes poverty, perpetuates institutionalized racism, and continues a failed war on drugs that has devastated communities of color.
 We are immensely proud to receive the endorsement of Senator  Bernie has devoted his life to standing up…
Let me be as clear as I can be.This is exactly what a climate crisis looks like.If we do nothing, it will get much worse.We must pass a Green New Deal. 
 "If there is anything our country proudly has stood for, it has been a beacon of hope for [people like] my father, who c…
We have just three days left to hit our goal of 2 million calls! We can do it, but we need everyone to help. Sign up for a shift now: 
When workers fight, they win. Congratulations to the members of We will continue to stand in solidarity with and Chicago's students in the fight for a decent education and good standard of living for all. 
 is standing up to the vulgarity and ugliness of the Trump administration.She is taking on the greed and corruption of the economic establishment.And I will look to her for her leadership in Congress under a Sanders administration. 
I've said it before and I'll say it again: you can't fix a corrupt system if you're taking its money.
 Let’s gooooooo! 
 We’re bringing to Minnesota!Join us in Minneapolis on Nov. 3 if you’re ready to fight for:🏥 Medicare for All…
Congratulations to the teachers of Dedham, Massachusetts, the Dedham Education Association, and on winning a fair contract by standing up for themselves, their students and their community. This is what a union can do! 
Happy Bandi Chhor Divas to Sikh families celebrating today. We wish you and your loved ones peace and prosperity.
Thank you for standing with the Chicago Teachers Union. The brave teachers and support staff on strike are leading a movement for justice for their students and all Chicagoans. 
 “My family has never, ever really come together on a lot of political issues...but Amo Bernie seems to be able to unite us.”…
 “he will always choose us first.” 
 We are going to win.  
 Thank you (Shukran!) Amo for coming to our community to see firsthand and hear from the very people hurt b…
Thank you Detroit and Rep. Our message to the top 1% and powerful corporations: this nation belongs to all of us, not just the few. Can you hear us now? 
 “We deserve someone who writes the damn bill. We deserve Bernie Sanders,” U.S. Rep. said while giving her en…
Don't let anyone tell you that our vision is radical or extreme. Radical and extreme is giving a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the top 1% when half a million Americans will be homeless tonight. That's radical.
Don't believe anyone who tells you that moving toward a society of justice is impossible.
Tonight, we celebrate John Conyers. He was a champion for civil rights and understood long before it was popular that health care is a human right.Thank you, John, for a life of extraordinary service. 
"I am endorsing Amo Bernie Sanders because he's not gonna sell us out. He understands that it's not just about policies and about words, but it's going to be also about completely transforming the structures in place."  
If there ever was a time for millions of people to come together and build a mass movement for justice, now is that time. Join us live from Detroit at our rally with Jack White, and more: 
 Our Congressman forever, John Conyers, Jr. He never once wavered in fighting for jobs, justice and peace. We always knew…
Today marks one year since the massacre at the Tree of Life synagogue, the deadliest anti-Semitic attack in U.S. history. We mourn for the eleven victims, and we remain committed to fighting white supremacist violence as the national security threat that it is.
It is time to begin thinking about public ownership of major utilities.
Our hearts go out to Californians affected by the devastating wildfires. Climate change is real, and when I am president, we are going to treat this like the existential crisis it is.
Tonight: join me and for a rally featuring live performances by Jack White and the Cass Tech Madrigals! Watch live at  See here for more info:  
I have walked more picket lines in my life than all of my opponents combined. That's what I do.
At our rally in Queens, I asked the crowd of 25,000 if they were willing to fight for someone we do not know just as much as we will fight for ourselves.If you are, then make a contribution of any amount to get our latest sticker, and show you’re a part of our movement.
At our rally in Queens, I asked the crowd of 25,000 if they were willing to fight for someone we do not know just as much as we will fight for ourselves.If you are, then make a contribution of any amount to get our latest sticker, and show you’re a part of our movement.
At our rally in Queens, I asked the crowd of 25,000 if they were willing to fight for someone we do not know just as much as we will fight for ourselves.If you are, then make a contribution of any amount to get our latest sticker, and show you’re a part of our movement.
At our rally in Queens, I asked the crowd of 25,000 if they were willing to fight for someone we do not know just as much as we will fight for ourselves.If you are, then make a contribution of any amount to get our latest sticker, and show you’re a part of our movement.
At our rally in Queens, I asked the crowd of 25,000 if they were willing to fight for someone we do not know just as much as we will fight for ourselves.If you are, then make a contribution of any amount to get our latest sticker, and show you’re a part of our movement.
We are going to transform this country when we are in the White House. But only if we are willing to fight for each other as much as we fight for ourselves. If you’re with us, show it off with our latest, limited-edition sticker. Donate any amount to claim yours today.
We are going to transform this country when we are in the White House. But only if we are willing to fight for each other as much as we fight for ourselves. If you’re with us, show it off with our latest, limited-edition sticker. Donate any amount to claim yours today.
We are going to transform this country when we are in the White House. But only if we are willing to fight for each other as much as we fight for ourselves. If you’re with us, show it off with our latest, limited-edition sticker. Donate any amount to claim yours today.
We are going to transform this country when we are in the White House. But only if we are willing to fight for each other as much as we fight for ourselves. If you’re with us, show it off with our latest, limited-edition sticker. Donate any amount to claim yours today.
We are going to transform this country when we are in the White House. But only if we are willing to fight for each other as much as we fight for ourselves. If you’re with us, show it off with our latest, limited-edition sticker. Donate any amount to claim yours today.
We have a system that makes people pay for the "privilege" of being in jail. That is insane. We are going to end that. 
On behalf of my family and my entire campaign, I want to wish everyone a happy, healthy, and prosperous Diwali. 
If you are wealthy and powerful, or maybe the president, you are above the law. But if you are poor, if you're Black, if you're Hispanic, it's a different story. Maybe I'm old fashioned but I happen to believe in equal justice for all people. 
 Look For The Good in 2020. 
 It's about us.**Not paid for by billionaires. Welcome to  
The primary goal of a criminal justice system should not be punishment, but whenever possible, rehabilitation.
With only 100 days left until the Iowa caucuses, one of the most important things you can do is make calls to voters. Help us reach our goal of 2,000,000 before the end of October: 
We are the only campaign with more donations than Trump and that is exactly why we are going to defeat him and transform this country. Thank you, T.I. 
Here is the honest truth: Joe Biden’s campaign lacks grassroots enthusiasm. They can’t keep up with us.That’s why they've decided they need a super PAC. And we aren’t about to let them drown us out. Can you rush a donation to help us fight back against Biden’s super PAC cash?
Here is the honest truth: Joe Biden’s campaign lacks grassroots enthusiasm. They can’t keep up with us.That’s why they've decided they need a super PAC. And we aren’t about to let them drown us out. Can you rush a donation to help us fight back against Biden’s super PAC cash?
Here is the honest truth: Joe Biden’s campaign lacks grassroots enthusiasm. They can’t keep up with us.That’s why they've decided they need a super PAC. And we aren’t about to let them drown us out. Can you rush a donation to help us fight back against Biden’s super PAC cash?
Here is the honest truth: Joe Biden’s campaign lacks grassroots enthusiasm. They can’t keep up with us.That’s why they've decided they need a super PAC. And we aren’t about to let them drown us out. Can you rush a donation to help us fight back against Biden’s super PAC cash?
Here is the honest truth: Joe Biden’s campaign lacks grassroots enthusiasm. They can’t keep up with us.That’s why they've decided they need a super PAC. And we aren’t about to let them drown us out. Can you rush a donation to help us fight back against Biden’s super PAC cash?
Here is the honest truth: Joe Biden’s campaign lacks grassroots enthusiasm. They can’t keep up with us.That’s why they've decided they need a super PAC. And we aren’t about to let them drown us out. Can you rush a donation to help us fight back against Biden’s super PAC cash?
Joe Biden is about to have a super PAC, and we need your help to respond in a MAJOR way. Because this super PAC is aimed directly at our campaign, which has outraised his wealthy donors  – who normally buy these elections – by a lot.
Joe Biden is about to have a super PAC, and we need your help to respond in a MAJOR way. Because this super PAC is aimed directly at our campaign, which has outraised his wealthy donors  – who normally buy these elections – by a lot.
Joe Biden is about to have a super PAC, and we need your help to respond in a MAJOR way. Because this super PAC is aimed directly at our campaign, which has outraised his wealthy donors  – who normally buy these elections – by a lot.
Joe Biden is about to have a super PAC, and we need your help to respond in a MAJOR way. Because this super PAC is aimed directly at our campaign, which has outraised his wealthy donors  – who normally buy these elections – by a lot.
Joe Biden is about to have a super PAC, and we need your help to respond in a MAJOR way. Because this super PAC is aimed directly at our campaign, which has outraised his wealthy donors  – who normally buy these elections – by a lot.
Trump and his billionaire friends are using corrupt schemes to profit off low-income communities. When we defeat Trump, we’re going to end this tax scam an invest in working-class communities that have been fleeced. 
I pledge to pass a Green New Deal and appoint an Attorney General who will prosecute the fossil fuel executives who knowingly contributed to the climate crisis in order to make massive profits. 
Tomorrow: we will be in Detroit with for a rally featuring live performances by Jack White and the Cass Tech Madrigals! RSVP here:  
 Bernie’s back and Iowa showed up ✊🏽🔥 
 1,300+ strong in Iowa City tonight with and 
 Stacey Walker, a sought-after Iowa Democrat in the first-in-the-nation voting state, is endorsing Bernie Sanders 
We are coming to Detroit on Sunday to challenge this kind of corruption and corporate greed. When we defeat Trump, billionaires are going to stop ripping off communities and start paying their fair share — whether they like it or not 
Trump lied when he said he’d stand up to corporate greed and help working people. We’re going to do what he failed to do: end corporate greed, stop corruption and raise wages for workers. Join our rally in Iowa City: 
Every day, it becomes more obvious that having 45 million people drowning in $1.6 trillion of student debt is not sustainable.We are going to cancel ALL student debt. 
A Wall Street executive commits fraud, he gets bailed out by the American people and handed enormous tax breaks.A young kid gets arrested for smoking marijuana, he ends up with a criminal record.We're going to end that absurdity.
Congratulations to the members who fought to secure a better contract at GM. Unions like UAW give workers the ability to organize and collectively bargain for justice on the job. We're going to rebuild the trade union movement across the country. 
 Today is Larry Itliong Day in California, honoring the courageous Filipino American labor leader whose union members b…
This Sunday I'm excited to join in Detroit for a rally featuring a live performance by Jack White. I hope you'll join us in our fight for working people across the country. RSVP here:  
We are more than halfway to our goal of 2 million calls to voters before the end of the month. That is incredible. Help us across the finish line: 
 Why building more than a campaign. He’s leading the movement to build a future we can all be proud of. O…
If all of you stand up and fight back against corporate greed, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish. Join us live in Toledo, Iowa: 
We must legalize marijuana, but that is not all. We will also ensure that revenue from legal marijuana is reinvested in communities hit hardest by the War on Drugs, especially African-American and other communities of color.
 SC Rep  says Trump has no credibility on justice reform |  We all know who does: 
Here is the bottom line: Medicare for All will save the average family thousands of dollars a year. 
Ready to fight for Medicare for All. 
"Sanders is the only 2020 presidential candidate who has spent a lifetime addressing the social ills and injustices that gave rise to the mass incarceration, police violence and racial profiling that plague our system today." 
If elected president, I promise to have an F rating from the NRA.
While Trump is in South Carolina today, he should explain to people why he diverted desperately-needed FEMA disaster relief funds for Columbia in order to lock up more children and families at the border as part of his racist immigration agenda. 
Corporate greed is tearing this country apart and we're going to end that. Join me live, taking questions now in Iowa: 
When workers stand together, fight back, and demand an end to corporate greed—they win. Congratulations to the Blackjewel miners on this victory! We are going to ensure all fossil fuel workers have the just transition they deserve. 
The ideas that I am talking to you about didn't come to me yesterday.They didn't come because I have pollsters saying, "Hey Bernie, this is polling pretty well, you might want to pick that one up."These are ideas that I have fought for my entire life.
 Thank you for supporting striking  Transdev workers, and working people across the United St…
A Green New Deal is not a pipe dream. It is absolutely necessary. I refuse to stand by and watch this crisis get worse. 
 This is *huge.*A top Trump official admitted the student debt crisis is “insanity” and called for partial cancellation
Marijuana should be legal.
 "Supporters of  are right. Funding it through taxes would lead to a large tax cut for the vast majority o…
Right now there is a movement of workers across the country who are taking back their power at a scale we have not seen in recent memory. I stand with educators in Dedham, Massachusetts. This takes courage. 
Joe Biden’s campaign just decided they need a super PAC. They say it’s about Trump, but that’s not true.It’s about you. It’s the only way that Biden can compete with our powerful, 100 percent grassroots funded campaign. Can you chip in so we can fight back and win?
Joe Biden’s campaign just decided they need a super PAC. They say it’s about Trump, but that’s not true.It’s about you. It’s the only way that Biden can compete with our powerful, 100 percent grassroots funded campaign. Can you chip in so we can fight back and win?
Joe Biden’s campaign just decided they need a super PAC. They say it’s about Trump, but that’s not true.It’s about you. It’s the only way that Biden can compete with our powerful, 100 percent grassroots funded campaign. Can you chip in so we can fight back and win?
Joe Biden’s campaign just decided they need a super PAC. They say it’s about Trump, but that’s not true.It’s about you. It’s the only way that Biden can compete with our powerful, 100 percent grassroots funded campaign. Can you chip in so we can fight back and win?
Joe Biden’s campaign just decided they need a super PAC. They say it’s about Trump, but that’s not true.It’s about you. It’s the only way that Biden can compete with our powerful, 100 percent grassroots funded campaign. Can you chip in so we can fight back and win?
Joe Biden’s campaign just gave the green light to his rich and powerful backers to form a super PAC. Will you rush a contribution to our campaign as a way of saying we will NEVER allow Biden’s super PAC to buy this race?
Joe Biden’s campaign just gave the green light to his rich and powerful backers to form a super PAC. Will you rush a contribution to our campaign as a way of saying we will NEVER allow Biden’s super PAC to buy this race?
Joe Biden’s campaign just gave the green light to his rich and powerful backers to form a super PAC. Will you rush a contribution to our campaign as a way of saying we will NEVER allow Biden’s super PAC to buy this race?
Joe Biden’s campaign just gave the green light to his rich and powerful backers to form a super PAC. Will you rush a contribution to our campaign as a way of saying we will NEVER allow Biden’s super PAC to buy this race?
Joe Biden’s campaign just gave the green light to his rich and powerful backers to form a super PAC. Will you rush a contribution to our campaign as a way of saying we will NEVER allow Biden’s super PAC to buy this race?
With a strong union, workers get the basic protections they deserve. Unions like ATU are defending workers every day against the expansion of corporate greed within our transit systems. I support in its fight for justice. 
I don't need a super PAC.I am not going to be controlled by a handful of wealthy people.I will be controlled by the working people of this country. 
You read it in the newspapers every day, “A group of donors said A, B and C.”Who the hell cares what a group of rich donors say?
Chicago teachers and support staff, thank you for fighting for our kids and for public education. I am with you in spirit and in heart. Keep up the struggle. 
When we said four years ago that we needed to legalize marijuana, it was considered a "radical" idea.Today, 11 states plus DC have legalized it. Not so radical anymore.When we're in the White House we will do so nationwide.
The only way we’ll be able to end corporate greed and defeat powerful special interests is if we give workers the power and resources they need to organize and fight back. I have a plan to do that. Join me live in Iowa: 
Legalize marijuana. Expunge past convictions. End the War on Drugs.
Today, the government considers marijuana as dangerous as heroin.That’s idiotic.As president I will immediately issue an executive order to declassify marijuana as a controlled substance.
 Breaking: new marijuana legalization plan includes several measures to prevent industry consolidation an…
 NEW:  released a plan to legalize marijuana, expunge pot related convictions, and take steps to shape t…
 It's 4:20 and has rolled out a pot legalization plan: -Legalize in first 100 days by EO -Expunge records ;…
Too many lives were ruined due to the disastrous criminalization of marijuana. Today I am releasing my plan to:✅ Legalize marijuana with executive action✅ Expunge past marijuana convictions✅ Invest in communities most affected by the War on Drugs 
Local law enforcement should not be playing the role of federal immigration enforcement. I congratulate and the many activists who led this fight. 
The  movement is a fight for the future of this nation. and in Chicago are standing up and fighting back for justice in education. I was proud to stand with them last month at the start of this fight. 
Interesting, I’d like more justices like Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor. 
On Nov. 6, Uber investors will walk away with billions while drivers sleep in their cars. I stand with workers in the gig economy as they organize and fight for a more equal society. When we're in the White House, we will stop this exploitation of workers.
 Sen. was the first presidential candidate to stand with our teachers and school staff as they prepared to…
 I support because we can trust him to take on the corporate elite ; win transformational change for us. Bernie h…
 I am proud to endorse for President because Bernie won’t compromise away our right to have access to health…
 I’m willing to fight for someone I don’t know. I’m supporting  
Bezos and Amazon dumped over $1 million into Seattle’s elections to defeat and who want corporations like Amazon to pay their fair share and end the city’s homelessness crisis.We must defeat this greed. 
It should not be this difficult to register to vote. When we are in the White House we will make it easier, not harder, for Americans to participate in the political process, including fighting voter suppression and passing automatic voter registration. 
We are back on the road in Iowa! Join us on our End Corporate Greed Tour today and tomorrow:Marshalltown: Des Moines: Newton: Toledo: Iowa City:  
 “What he says he’s going to do — he’s going to do it.” “We need a fighter, not only in this race, but in the broader…
 I heard an MSNBC pundit say “I just don’t see the idea that he’s back. I don’t see how that’s possible.” Well, watch this…
 Visited the Boxing Before Books program at Mixing mentorship with academics, the program has a 100% high sch…
I know what side I'm on. I stand with the 30,000 Chicago teachers and school staff on strike. 
We can reach our goal of 2 million calls to voters before the end of October, but we can't do it without your help. Get started here or attend a live training at 9 pm ET: 
Bernie is coming to Toledo, and you won't want to miss it! RSVP today for our End Corporate Greed Town Hall on Friday, October 25. Doors open at 2:00pm and the event starts at 3:00pm.
Bernie is coming to Marshalltown, and you won't want to miss it! RSVP today for our End Corporate Greed Town Hall on Thursday, October 24. Doors open at 4:00pm and the event starts at 5:00pm.
Pleas RSVP to join Bernie in Marshalltown for our End Corporate Greed Town Hall on Thursday, October 24.This event is free and open to the public. Doors open at 4:00pm and the event starts at 5:00pm.
Pleas RSVP to join Bernie in Toledo for our End Corporate Greed Town Hall on Friday, October 25.This event is free and open to the public. Doors open at 2:00pm and the event starts at 3:00pm.
Millions of people in this country are disenfranchised and their voices left out of our political process. If you have the ability to get involved, I am asking you to fight for those who do not.
The corporate media wants you to think our campaign is over. Let me be blunt: I am back and more ready than ever to end the corruption of corporate elites. 
 the science that showed its products were creating a climate disaster, and the company suppressed that science. When I am president, we will launch a criminal investigation of the fossil fuel corporations and their executives who knowingly created the climate crisis.
Zuckerberg and billionaires have used their power to control too much of the political and economic life of America. Their greed knows no boundaries. The only thing that will stop it is a movement to say enough is enough. We will reduce the power of Facebook and other monopolies.
 Kashmiris have been restricted from communicating outside their country for 50+ days. In Assam, almost 2 million people are be…
 Thank you for your unwavering support,    
 I endorse because of his bold vision for racial, social and economic justice and movement strategy for…
 "if you are willing to love, to fight for a government of compassion ; justice ; decency, to stand up to Trump’s desire…
 Are you willing to fight for someone you don’t know? 
Are you willing to fight for someone you don't know? 
We shouldn't allow Jeff Bezos, or any other boss, to choose their profits over workers' health care. We need Medicare for All. 
  is coming to  ; we both hope you will join us in fighting against the corporate assaul…
We're heading back to Iowa and fighting to put an end to corporate greed in this country. Join our End Corporate Greed Town Hall in Marshalltown this Thursday, Oct. 24: 
 I am willing to fight for someone I don’t know!     we can do this! h…
Lynching has been a dominant form of racial terrorism for hundreds of years in this country. It is disgraceful to compare that shameful history to the measured and constitutional investigation into Trump's abuses of power. 
This is the human cost of our profit-driven health care system.Instead of focusing on getting better, Americans diagnosed with cancer have to battle their insurance companies.This is the needless cruelty we will end with Medicare for All. 
I stand with members at Passages Charter School in Chicago who are on strike today for their students alongside the tens of thousands of CTU and members. What's happening in Chicago is the kind of movement we need to win justice for working people everywhere. 
 I'm supporting the only candidate calling for national rent control and a plan to truly end homelessness. 
 There isn’t a politician in America that I trust more to fight for everyday Americans. He’s on our side and always has be…
Thank you and for being a part of the political revolution. Together we're going to defeat Trump and transform the country. 
I stand with airport workers at Eulen America who are taking a stand against unpaid wages and health and safety violations. Eulen must respect its workers and their right to organize without fear or intimidation. 
Tulsi Gabbard has put her life on the line to defend this country. People can disagree on issues, but it is outrageous for anyone to suggest that Tulsi is a foreign asset.
Imagine going to the hospital, getting treatment you need and never getting a bill for it or having to pay an insurance premium.You just imagined every major country except the United States.We are going to pass Medicare for All and make that a reality in America.
  knows our movement goes beyond just one election. This is a multi-generational fight:✅ To guarantee healthcar…
Here's our new ad in Iowa.We are going to eliminate all medical debt and guarantee health care for all. 
We will not stand idly by and allow three people in this country to own more wealth than the bottom half of America, while at the same time, nearly 20% of our children live in poverty, veterans sleep out on the streets and seniors cannot afford their prescription drugs.
 Thank you, We can’t let anyone—including Amazon— buy our elections. That’s just not democracy. 
In a city struggling with homelessness, Amazon is dropping an outrageous amount of money to defeat progressive candidates fighting for working people.The way Amazon conducts itself in its hometown is a perfect example of the out-of-control corporate greed we are going to end. 
 Thank you again, for standing with  on    
 I am extremely disturbed by the unprecedented amount of money that Amazon has dumped into Seattle City Council election…
 MONDAY: asks about similarities with despite a 48-year age gap: "We grew up to parents t…
This is good news. Voting is a fundamental right and no American citizen age 18 years or older should be denied that right.
We are going back on the road in Iowa! Join us on our End Corporate Greed Tour this week.Marshalltown: Des Moines: Newton: Toledo: Iowa City:  
Make sure kids aren't hungry at school.Pay all teachers at least $60,000 a year.Allow everyone to go to college if they wish.That's our "radical" education agenda. This is the richest country on Earth. We can ensure our people can learn and live with dignity.
The people want the right to a green, affordable home. And together, that is exactly what we are going to guarantee to every American. 
The way you win an election at this time in history is not the same old, same old.You have to inspire people.You have to bring working people, young people and poor people into the political process.When we do that, we will not only defeat Trump. We will win in a landslide.
We're not only going to win.We're going to transform the country.Thank you to the over 25,000 people in Queens who made yesterday an incredible day. If you weren't able to attend, please consider making a contribution to show you stand with us and help us keep the momentum.
We're not only going to win.We're going to transform the country.Thank you to the over 25,000 people in Queens who made yesterday an incredible day. If you weren't able to attend, please consider making a contribution to show you stand with us and help us keep the momentum.
We're not only going to win.We're going to transform the country.Thank you to the over 25,000 people in Queens who made yesterday an incredible day. If you weren't able to attend, please consider making a contribution to show you stand with us and help us keep the momentum.
We're not only going to win.We're going to transform the country.Thank you to the over 25,000 people in Queens who made yesterday an incredible day. If you weren't able to attend, please consider making a contribution to show you stand with us and help us keep the momentum.
 is a force for good in this country. We are lucky to have her with us in this fight. 
 Take two minutes and listen to explain how a system that underpays and undervalues workers can leave them feeling worth…
If we stand together and build an unprecedented grassroots movement, then I have no doubt in my mind that we will win. Chip in to our movement here: 
 Together, we are going to cancel student debt.Together, we are going to guarantee housing as a human right.Together, we ar…
We're not only going to win.We're going to transform the country.Thank you to the more than 25,000 people in Queens who made this an incredible day.  
"When you talk to Bernie, he doesn't talk about making a movement so that he can get elected. He talks about his campaign as part of a mass movement in America. And that's the kind of leadership that I think we need right now."  
 I bet Wall Street and the corporations can hear us now! 25,000+   
To put it bluntly, I am back.And damn right, we are going to win. Please stand with us on this historic day for our movement and make a contribution to our campaign.
To put it bluntly, I am back.And damn right, we are going to win. Please stand with us on this historic day for our movement and make a contribution to our campaign.
To put it bluntly, I am back.And damn right, we are going to win. Please stand with us on this historic day for our movement and make a contribution to our campaign.
To put it bluntly, I am back.And damn right, we are going to win. Please stand with us on this historic day for our movement and make a contribution to our campaign.
To put it bluntly, I am back.And if we have the courage to fight for each other, we are going to win. Please stand with us on this historic day for our movement and make a contribution to our campaign.
To put it bluntly, I am back.And if we have the courage to fight for each other, we are going to win. Please stand with us on this historic day for our movement and make a contribution to our campaign.
To put it bluntly, I am back.And if we have the courage to fight for each other, we are going to win. Please stand with us on this historic day for our movement and make a contribution to our campaign.
To put it bluntly, I am back.And if we have the courage to fight for each other, we are going to win. Please stand with us on this historic day for our movement and make a contribution to our campaign.
In less than a year in the U.S. Congress, has led on major issue after major issue — from the Green New Deal, to housing, to student debt. She's an inspiration to people across this country. I am very proud that she is a part of our campaign to transform America. 
If you are willing to fight for other people as much as you're willing to fight for yourself, there is no doubt in my mind that not only will we win this election. We will transform this country. 
We are going to end, once and for all, the broken and racist criminal justice system in America today. 
 “Together we will pass a  that will end the environmental racism we see in Queens and in communities all acro…
 final crowd count: 25,872. not a radical idea to say  
We are going to end the international embarrassment of the United States being the only major country on Earth not to guarantee health care to all its people. We will take on the greed of the insurance and drug companies.We will pass Medicare for All.
 The Sanders rally is at capacity at 20,000 and the overflow is so big people are up on the Queensboro Bridge (pics
We need a new vision for America. That is what this campaign is all about. I'm so grateful that who has become an inspiration to millions of young people, is with us in this fight.  
 We’re going to win.  
Damn right, we're going to win. 
 AlexandriaOcasioCortez.This is a movement and we are going to win.  
I am more than ready to carry on our struggle.I am more than ready to take on the greed and corruption of the corporate elite.I am more than ready to create a government based on economic, racial, social and environmental justice.To put it bluntly, I am back. 
I have no doubt that the political revolution is going to sweep this country, sweep Donald Trump out of office, and bring the change that this country has long needed.  
“Our priority is not only defeating Donald Trump. It’s defeating the system of which he is a symptom.”   
  recounting how opened her eyes to the fight for equal pay and universal health care while she was stil…
“It wasn’t until I heard of a man named Bernie Sanders that I began to question and assert and recognize my inherent value as a human being that deserves health care, housing, education and a living wage.”   
 LOOK. AT. THIS. CROWD. 
 We only win when working people lead this movement. People like all of you. 
 If there ever was a time for millions of people to come together and build a mass movement for justice, now is that time…
 "If you aren't mad, something is wrong with you."  
 "With these hands, we will elect Senator the next president of the United States of America. With these…
 THIS CROWD!!! Thousands upon thousands are here in Queensbridge Park - with a line still in the streets - for the 
"We want a justice system that doesn’t gun down Black folks in their houses. We are going to clean up this criminal injustice system.”   
  and New York City is Feeling the Bern!!! 
 The  rally is so packed that people who didn’t get in are lining the streets. 
"We must win because of a fundamental value that power is in the streets and government is to serve the people, not just the 1%. We must win because there is too much at stake.”   
Are you ready to win the Democratic primary, defeat Donald Trump, and transform the country into one that works for all of us? Text BERNIE to 67760. 
We're the campaign that is going to defeat Trump. But we can't do it without you. Help us power this movement. 
 When the entire crowd at Sen NY rally begin to chant “Black Lives Matter!!” Tears y’all, tears. 
 “The only heart attack we should be worrying about is the one Wall Street is going to have when becomes pres…
 Massive crowd in Queens erupts in chants for a Green New Deal.  
"I remember asking Bernie, 'What exactly is a democratic socialist.'He said, 'It’s what the Democratic Party used to be. It’s what Franklin Roosevelt did. What it means, Mike, is everyone gets a seat at the table.'"   
"Building a nation based on fairness, compassion and justice is the core of Bernie’s message. I’m here to tell you  he’s healthy and he's more than ready to continue his lifelong struggle to fight for the working people of America." 
 "I'm here to tell you, Bernie is back!" - at the  rally 
 🚨  in Queens with and tens of thousands of us r…
 "Bernie's came from Poland to escape anti-semitism and poverty. They all believed they could create a better life for futu…
 About to endorse Bernie Sanders for President! Tune in on FB Live!  
 The  rally kicks off shortly in Queensbridge Park. 
 Folks,,,it’s true  
 is joining me and my friends in Queensbridge Park today! We are showing our nation exactly why Queens…
If there ever was a time for millions of people to come together and build a mass movement for justice, now is that time. Join us live from Queens at our rally with and more:  
  ✌🏻
 We’re on our way! 90 minutes to kickoff! 
We need your help to make today a very big day – one that will send an unmistakable message to the establishment and the media about the strength of our campaign.Please contribute what you can to show you stand with us. As long as we are in this together, we are going to win.
We need your help to make today a very big day – one that will send an unmistakable message to the establishment and the media about the strength of our campaign.Please contribute what you can to show you stand with us. As long as we are in this together, we are going to win.
We need your help to make today a very big day – one that will send an unmistakable message to the establishment and the media about the strength of our campaign.Please contribute what you can to show you stand with us. As long as we are in this together, we are going to win.
 Proud to be part of this movement to change America 
We need your help to make today a very big day – one that will send an unmistakable message to the establishment and the media about the strength of our campaign.Please contribute what you can to show you stand with us. As long as we are in this together, we are going to win.
I'm honored to be endorsed by New York State Senators and Together, we will build the working class coalition that is powerful enough to take on the billionaire class and create a country that works for all of us. 
Here is the truth: we are going to win this primary. We are going to defeat Trump. And we are going to transform this country. But I cannot do it alone. We need you. Can you make a contribution to our campaign?
Here is the truth: we are going to win this primary. We are going to defeat Trump. And we are going to transform this country. But I cannot do it alone. We need you. Can you make a contribution to our campaign?
Here is the truth: we are going to win this primary. We are going to defeat Trump. And we are going to transform this country. But I cannot do it alone. We need you. Can you make a contribution to our campaign?
Here is the truth: we are going to win this primary. We are going to defeat Trump. And we are going to transform this country. But I cannot do it alone. We need you. Can you make a contribution to our campaign?
 It’s 10:30This is the line for a rally that begins at 1pmIt’s going to be lit 🔥   
 New: Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) gains three more endorsements from New York lawmakers ahead of his rally in Queens today…
Today's the day! If you're in New York, join us in Queensbridge Park: If you're not, watch online at 1 pm ET at  Let's show the world our people are ready for a political revolution. 
Tomorrow in Queens we will say, without apology:Safe and decent housing is an essential right.A Green New Deal is the only sufficient response to our climate crisis.And the obscene greed of corporate America must end. 
 Hey all!We’re having a big ol’ NYC party tomorrow ; everyone’s invited.Thousands of people are RSVP’d. All are welcome.(Not…
Trump is a racist, a sexist and a xenophobe. Despite all of that, he will be a very formidable opponent.We can beat him and we will beat him. But we cannot take anything for granted.To win, we have got to create the largest voter turnout in the history of the country.
Starting soon: join a supporter call with Bernie and campaign staff! Dial 855-286-0288 to join the call at 8 pm ET / 5 pm PT. 
Rural Americans should have the resources they need to thrive, create jobs, and be competitive in the national and global economies. As part of our Green New Deal, we are going to ensure access to high-speed broadband internet to all.
 Tonight: join a supporter call with Bernie and campaign staff ahead of our rally in New York tomorrow. Sign up here to j…
When it comes to Medicare for All, here is the question:Do we stand with the American people? Or are we going to continue to allow private insurance companies to make obscene profits off human suffering?I know where I stand.
I stand with the and who are out on strike against ASARCO's unfair labor practices. Many of these workers have not received a raise in nearly 10 years and they deserve justice. 
Corporate greed is tearing this country apart and we're going to end that.
 I am joining Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez tomorrow to officially ; publicly endorse a true hero of the people, Senator Bernie Sand…
Tomorrow: I'm so excited to be joined by and in New York for a rally to show the billionaire class we're ready to take them on. RSVP here:  
It is absolutely unacceptable that in the richest country in the history of the world, people are dying because they can’t afford insulin. We are going to pass Medicare for All and cut prescription drug prices in half. 
 has a long history of eliminating jobs and union-busting. Now the company owns part of AT;T and 30,000 jobs are at risk. I stand in solidarity with members who are standing up to corporate greed. 
Trump is the most corrupt president in our history. This is a president who is using the Oval Office to enrich himself. That alone is worthy of impeachment, never mind his other corrupt transgressions. 
It's going to be a good day. RSVP here to join me and in New York tomorrow:  
Tonight: join a supporter call with Bernie and campaign staff ahead of our rally in New York tomorrow. Sign up here to join:  
We're going to win this election but we can't do it without you. We need your help to reach our goal of 2,000,000 calls to supporters before the month ends. Are you in? Sign up for a shift here:  
I am proud that our campaign is leading the fight for Medicare for All. But that makes us a major target of the for-profit insurance groups, who are already spending millions to attack our movement. Can you make a donation to help us fight back and defeat them?
I am proud that our campaign is leading the fight for Medicare for All. But that makes us a major target of the for-profit insurance groups, who are already spending millions to attack our movement. Can you make a donation to help us fight back and defeat them?
I am proud that our campaign is leading the fight for Medicare for All. But that makes us a major target of the for-profit insurance groups, who are already spending millions to attack our movement. Can you make a donation to help us fight back and defeat them?
I am proud that our campaign is leading the fight for Medicare for All. But that makes us a major target of the for-profit insurance groups, who are already spending millions to attack our movement. Can you make a donation to help us fight back and defeat them?
I am proud that our campaign is leading the fight for Medicare for All. But that makes us a major target of the for-profit insurance groups, who are already spending millions to attack our movement. Can you make a donation to help us fight back and defeat them?
We are taking on an industry which has unlimited resources to lie about Medicare for All, and about our campaign. Can you chip in so that we can collect the resources we need to fight back against their attacks and win?
We are taking on an industry which has unlimited resources to lie about Medicare for All, and about our campaign. Can you chip in so that we can collect the resources we need to fight back against their attacks and win?
We are taking on an industry which has unlimited resources to lie about Medicare for All, and about our campaign. Can you chip in so that we can collect the resources we need to fight back against their attacks and win?
We are taking on an industry which has unlimited resources to lie about Medicare for All, and about our campaign. Can you chip in so that we can collect the resources we need to fight back against their attacks and win?
We are taking on an industry which has unlimited resources to lie about Medicare for All, and about our campaign. Can you chip in so that we can collect the resources we need to fight back against their attacks and win?
Cancel all student debt. 
I get a little bit tired of Democrats who defend a cruel, dysfunctional health care system that leaves 87 million Americans uninsured or underinsured.
The young LGBTQ+ people of this country must know that they are loved and they belong. We stand against all kinds of bullying and will fight to end discrimination in all its forms. 
I hope you can join me and at our rally in New York this weekend and help us show the strength of our movement. RSVP here: 
Jailing people for the “crime” of getting sick is immoral, unconscionable, and un-American. Together, we will eliminate past-due medical debt, stop the predatory tactics of debt collectors, and end this barbaric practice once and for all. 
As president, I will guarantee this: when 50% of workers in a unit sign an authorization card, plus one, they will have a union. End of discussion.If employers refuse to negotiate in good faith, we will impose strong penalties on those companies.
It is really sad that Joe Biden is using the talking points of the insurance industry to attack Medicare for All.Under our plan, funded in a progressive manner, all Americans will have comprehensive health coverage as a guaranteed human right with no out-of-pocket expenses. 
Not only is Trump using the powers of the presidency to enrich himself, which is blatantly unconstitutional.He is ignoring a massive international crisis that threatens humanity.What a disgrace. 
This takes real courage. I stand with over 30,000 members of and who are striking so the students and families of Chicago have the schools and resources they deserve. 
I’ve got to ask you to commit to caucus for our campaign. Our job is not only to defeat Donald Trump; it is to transform our country.But to do that, we need a historic turnout at the caucus. Can we count on you to join us on February 3?
I’ve got to ask you to commit to caucus for our campaign. Our job is not only to defeat Donald Trump; it is to transform our country.But to do that, we need a historic turnout at the caucus. Can we count on you to join us on February 3?
Can you take 2 minutes to let us know that you’re caucusing for Bernie? Your response will help guide our organizing program and make sure we can get you all the information you need to caucus for Bernie on February 3.
Can you take 2 minutes to let us know that you’re caucusing for Bernie? Your response will help guide our organizing program and make sure we can get you all the information you need to caucus for Bernie on February 3.
Are you planning to caucus for Bernie on February 3? Fill out our quick form so we can make sure you have all the information you need on caucus day.
Are you planning to caucus for Bernie on February 3? Fill out our quick form so we can make sure you have all the information you need on caucus day.
It was my honor to work closely with Rep. Elijah Cummings over the years. His integrity and moral vision for his community and the country were extraordinary. He will be sorely missed. Jane and I are deeply saddened by the loss of our friend. Our thoughts are with his family.
I have a message for Donald Trump: no, we’re not going to hate Latinos, we’re not going to hate Muslims, we're not going to hate immigrants. We are going to stand together and refuse to let you divide us up.
Congratulations to the members of at the Chicago Park District on winning a tentative agreement that values their important work. We stand with SEIU and members at Chicago Public Schools who are fighting—and striking tomorrow if necessary—for the common good. 
I am honored to receive Rep. Ocasio-Cortez’ endorsement. But winning this election and transforming this country will require a grassroots movement never before seen in American politics, and we need everyone involved. Can you join AOC and chip in to support our campaign today?
Happy  to the 10 million workers in nearly 7,000 employee-owned businesses. When we are in the White House, we are going to dramatically expand employee ownership and workplace democracy.
Pharma executives knew opioids were addicting and killing people. They sold them anyway.Fossil fuel executives knew their emissions were threatening the planet. They continued anyway.This is what unfettered capitalism is doing to our world.We are going to end this greed.
AOC has been a part of our political revolution from the very beginning, and I am thrilled that she has continued to stand with us by endorsing our campaign. Will you join her by chipping in to show you stand with us?
AOC has been a part of our political revolution from the very beginning, and I am thrilled that she has continued to stand with us by endorsing our campaign. Will you join her by chipping in to show you stand with us?
AOC has been a part of our political revolution from the very beginning, and I am thrilled that she has continued to stand with us by endorsing our campaign. Will you join her by chipping in to show you stand with us?
AOC has been a part of our political revolution from the very beginning, and I am thrilled that she has continued to stand with us by endorsing our campaign. Will you join her by chipping in to show you stand with us?
AOC has been a part of our political revolution from the very beginning, and I am thrilled that she has continued to stand with us by endorsing our campaign. Will you join her by chipping in to show you stand with us?
I am honored to receive Rep. Ocasio-Cortez’ endorsement. But winning this election and transforming this country will require a grassroots movement never before seen in American politics, and we need everyone involved. Can you join AOC and chip in to support our campaign today?
I am honored to receive Rep. Ocasio-Cortez’ endorsement. But winning this election and transforming this country will require a grassroots movement never before seen in American politics, and we need everyone involved. Can you join AOC and chip in to support our campaign today?
I am honored to receive Rep. Ocasio-Cortez’ endorsement. But winning this election and transforming this country will require a grassroots movement never before seen in American politics, and we need everyone involved. Can you join AOC and chip in to support our campaign today?
I am honored to receive Rep. Ocasio-Cortez’ endorsement. But winning this election and transforming this country will require a grassroots movement never before seen in American politics, and we need everyone involved. Can you join AOC and chip in to support our campaign today?
I am honored to receive Rep. Ocasio-Cortez’ endorsement. But winning this election and transforming this country will require a grassroots movement never before seen in American politics, and we need everyone involved. Can you join AOC and chip in to support our campaign today?
This is a positive step forward in these negotiations. Our movement continues to stand with the thousands of members who are still walking picket lines across the country. 
This is the difference between myself and Joe Biden. 
I'm so excited to have join us at our rally in New York this weekend. Help us show the powerful special interests that we're not backing down and join us on Saturday in Queens:
I'm so excited to have AOC join us at our rally in New York this weekend. Help us show the powerful special interests that we're not backing down and join us on Saturday in Queens:
When we win, we are going to fundamentally change the nature of the presidency. I will not only be commander-in-chief, but organizer-in-chief. And we will take on the most powerful corporations and special interests.
I'm so excited to have join us at our rally in New York this weekend. Help us show the powerful special interests that we're not backing down and join us on Saturday in Queens: 
I am honored to have Rep. Omar's endorsement and look forward to working with her when we are in the White House. But we can’t get there without you – it will take a movement to defeat Trump and the billionaire class. Can you chip in to help us keep up this momentum and win?
I am honored to have Rep. Omar's endorsement and look forward to working with her when we are in the White House. But we can’t get there without you – it will take a movement to defeat Trump and the billionaire class. Can you chip in to help us keep up this momentum and win?
I am honored to have Rep. Omar's endorsement and look forward to working with her when we are in the White House. But we can’t get there without you – it will take a movement to defeat Trump and the billionaire class. Can you chip in to help us keep up this momentum and win?
I am honored to have Rep. Omar's endorsement and look forward to working with her when we are in the White House. But we can’t get there without you – it will take a movement to defeat Trump and the billionaire class. Can you chip in to help us keep up this momentum and win?
I am honored to have Rep. Omar's endorsement and look forward to working with her when we are in the White House. But we can’t get there without you – it will take a movement to defeat Trump and the billionaire class. Can you chip in to help us keep up this momentum and win?
I am honored to have Rep. Omar's endorsement and look forward to working with her when we are in the White House. But we can’t get there without you – it will take a movement to defeat Trump and the billionaire class. Can you chip in to help us keep up this momentum and win?
Ilhan Omar is all-in on Bernie! Are you? Join Ilhan and show you support Bernie by chipping in to our campaign right now.
Ilhan Omar is all-in on Bernie! Are you? Join Ilhan and show you support Bernie by chipping in to our campaign right now.
Ilhan Omar is all-in on Bernie! Are you? Join Ilhan and show you support Bernie by chipping in to our campaign right now.
Ilhan Omar is all-in on Bernie! Are you? Join Ilhan and show you support Bernie by chipping in to our campaign right now.
Ilhan Omar is all-in on Bernie! Are you? Join Ilhan and show you support Bernie by chipping in to our campaign right now.
Ilhan Omar is all-in on Bernie! Are you? Join Ilhan and show you support Bernie by chipping in to our campaign right now.
"I am so proud to endorse Senator Bernie Sanders for president. Senator Bernie Sanders is the only candidate that has built a movement and continues to build a movement that transcends gender, ethnicity, religion." - 
 is a leader of strength and courage. She won't back down from a fight with billionaires and the world’s most powerful corporations to transform our country so it works for all of us.Together we will build a multiracial working class coalition to win the White House. 
Here is the truth: we are going to win this primary. We are going to defeat Trump. And we are going to transform this country. But I cannot do it alone. We need you. Can you make a contribution to our campaign?
Here is the truth: we are going to win this primary. We are going to defeat Trump. And we are going to transform this country. But I cannot do it alone. We need you. Can you make a contribution to our campaign?
Here is the truth: we are going to win this primary. We are going to defeat Trump. And we are going to transform this country. But I cannot do it alone. We need you. Can you make a contribution to our campaign?
Here is the truth: we are going to win this primary. We are going to defeat Trump. And we are going to transform this country. But I cannot do it alone. We need you. Can you make a contribution to our campaign?
Here is the truth: we are going to win this primary. We are going to defeat Trump. And we are going to transform this country. But I cannot do it alone. We need you. Can you make a contribution to our campaign?
Here is the truth: we are going to win this primary. We are going to defeat Trump. And we are going to transform this country. But I cannot do it alone. We need you. Can you make a contribution to our campaign?
There is no job I would undertake with more passion than bringing people together around an agenda that works for every person in this country, rather than just the 1% and corporate elite. 
When I am president, I will have the guts to appoint an attorney general who will:✅ Break up monopolies✅ Protect small businesses✅ Protect consumers by ending price fixing
Why is our approach the most likely to beat Trump? Here's the "radical" reason why: It’s what the American people want. 
We are taking on the entire political and economic establishment—and we’re going to win. But we can’t do it without you. Chip in before the debate ends:
We need a political revolution and the American people are ready for one. Join our rally in New York this weekend with a special guest:
Unfettered capitalism created the opioid epidemic. That is why we need a political revolution to say enough is enough. 
 Sanders: "What country in the world will trust the word of the president of the United States" after he has betrayed the Kurds…
  is right. With millions of Americans at risk of losing their jobs to  we need to make strong investme…
If you are asking me, do I think we should demand the wealthiest start paying their fair share of taxes, so we can have a government and a nation that work for all of us? Then yes. That is exactly what I believe. 
We need a Green New Deal to save this planet. 
When we are in the White House, that is exactly what we will do. 
 We will guarantee every American a job through a  are so many Americans in need of good work, and the…
Billionaires should not exist. 
 Thank you! There are too many plans out there that seem more interested in protecting corporate profits than protecting the lives…
 “Les diré cuál es el problema aquí. El problema será ver si el partido demócrata está dispuesto a enfrentarse a la indus…
500,000 Americans are homeless.87 million are uninsured or underinsured.45 million have student debt.All while 3 people own more wealth than the bottom half.We cannot afford a billionaire class whose greed and corruption is at war with the working class of this country.
This is the issue: Does the Democratic Party have the guts to stand up to corrupt and greedy insurance companies that bankrupt 500,000 people every year?If we don’t have the guts to do that, if all we can do is take their money, we should be ashamed of ourselves.  
 Yes, totally right. We have to have the guts to take on the totally dysfunctional healthcare system we…
Damn right we will guarantee a job for every American. 
Let's be clear. Under Medicare for All:✅ Premiums are gone✅ Deductibles are gone✅ Copayments are gone
We have to end Trump's corruption and set a precedent for history. But we cannot and must not turn our backs on the pain of the working class of this country.  
  sobre fue preguntado sobre el juicio político del presidente.  
Trump is the most corrupt president in the history of this country. 
Watching the debate? Contribute to our campaign to help us win the night and win this election.
Watching the debate? Contribute to our campaign to help us win the night and win this election.
Watching the debate? Contribute to our campaign to help us win the night and win this election.
Watching the debate? Contribute to our campaign to help us win the night and win this election.
Watching the debate? Contribute to our campaign to help us win the night and win this election.
Watching the debate? Contribute to our campaign to help us win the night and win this election.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help Bernie win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help Bernie win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help Bernie win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help Bernie win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help Bernie win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help Bernie win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
Medicare for All now.
Some call me "radical" for suggesting that corporations should pay their fair share in taxes.Here is what is radical:Amazon, one of the richest and most powerful companies in the world, owned by the richest man on Earth, pays $0 in federal income taxes.
Donald Trump didn't drain the swamp. He is the swamp. 
Tonight’s debate is important, no doubt about it, and I am ready. The rest is up to you. We need to prove that our movement is stronger than ever, which means that we need to generate as many donations as we possibly can between now and when I take the stage. Can you chip in?
One of the differences between Trump and me is he lies. I don’t.
 Excited to share the new podcast. Hear me get to the bottom of what the 2020 candidates will do to figh…
Private media outlets charge outrageous sums to run ads during presidential primary debates like tonight's—and many of their advertisers have vested interest in who is elected.This type of influence must end.We're going to ban advertising during presidential primary debates.
"As a black, female family physician, I see the realities of America’s massive racial health disparities every day. Bernie Sanders is the presidential candidate who best understands those disparities and is ready to fight them."  
Democracy doesn’t just mean the chance to vote. It means control over your life.To be a truly democratic society, we must create an economy where workers feel that they’re not just a cog in the machine, but that they have power over their jobs and workplaces. 
When we are in the White House we will put a moratorium on deportations. Millions of immigrants like Edith living in constant fear is not what this country is about. 
Tonight’s debate is important, no doubt about it. And I am ready. The rest is up to you. We need to prove that our movement is stronger than ever, which means that we need to generate as many donations as we possibly can between now and when I take the stage. Can you chip in?
Tonight’s debate is important, no doubt about it. And I am ready. The rest is up to you. We need to prove that our movement is stronger than ever, which means that we need to generate as many donations as we possibly can between now and when I take the stage. Can you chip in?
Tonight’s debate is important, no doubt about it. And I am ready. The rest is up to you. We need to prove that our movement is stronger than ever, which means that we need to generate as many donations as we possibly can between now and when I take the stage. Can you chip in?
Tonight’s debate is important, no doubt about it. And I am ready. The rest is up to you. We need to prove that our movement is stronger than ever, which means that we need to generate as many donations as we possibly can between now and when I take the stage. Can you chip in?
Tonight’s debate is important, no doubt about it. And I am ready. The rest is up to you. We need to prove that our movement is stronger than ever, which means that we need to generate as many donations as we possibly can between now and when I take the stage. Can you chip in?
We are the strongest campaign to take on Donald Trump. But that's not all. We are going to transform the country.Join me and a special guest in New York for a rally this Saturday, Oct. 19 at Queensbridge Park. RSVP here: 
When it comes to education, we're going to think big, not small.We are going to invest in our educators and tear down the barriers that prevent our kids from getting an equal, quality education. 
What corporations paid in federal income taxes last year:Amazon: $0Delta: $0Chevron: $0GM: $0What they would have paid under our plan:Amazon: $3.8 billionDelta: $1.8 billionChevron: $1.6 billionGM: $1.5 billion
Tax the billionaires.
Tonight's debate is critical for our campaign. It’s our biggest chance yet to prove that we’re the best campaign to beat Trump and transform this country. So we’re aiming to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you rush a donation before the debate?
Tonight's debate is critical for our campaign. It’s our biggest chance yet to prove that we’re the best campaign to beat Trump and transform this country. So we’re aiming to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you rush a donation before the debate?
Tonight's debate is critical for our campaign. It’s our biggest chance yet to prove that we’re the best campaign to beat Trump and transform this country. So we’re aiming to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you rush a donation before the debate?
Tonight's debate is critical for our campaign. It’s our biggest chance yet to prove that we’re the best campaign to beat Trump and transform this country. So we’re aiming to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you rush a donation before the debate?
We need a Green New Deal now because Americans are already suffering from the climate crisis. I refuse to stand by and watch this crisis get even worse. 
A great nation is not judged by the size of its corporate tax breaks.It's judged by how it treats its most vulnerable people.That is why we are going to end virtually all corporate tax breaks and loopholes and invest in working Americans.
The time is long overdue for the Native American people to be treated with the respect and dignity they deserve.  
 NEWS: comes out against the U.S. Air Force's expansion into the Desert National Wildlife Refuge, citing tri…
Medicare for All expands coverage to include dental care, vision care and hearing aids—because having teeth, the ability to see and the ability to hear shouldn't be luxuries.
You can't be an American company and not pay American taxes. We're going to repeal ALL of Trump's outrageous corporate tax breaks and close all corporate tax loopholes, including the use of offshore tax havens.
Today on  we celebrate Native communities and remember that this country owes them so much. I stand with them in the fight improve their quality of life and to protect their treaties and tribal rights.
 Absolute majorities of Americans support key planks of Bernie Sanders' worker ownership plan (announced today). The people…
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
Tomorrow's debate is critical for our campaign. It’s our biggest chance yet to prove that we’re the best campaign to beat Trump and transform this country. So we’re aiming to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you rush a donation before tomorrow?
Tomorrow's debate is critical for our campaign. It’s our biggest chance yet to prove that we’re the best campaign to beat Trump and transform this country. So we’re aiming to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you rush a donation before tomorrow?
Tomorrow's debate is critical for our campaign. It’s our biggest chance yet to prove that we’re the best campaign to beat Trump and transform this country. So we’re aiming to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you rush a donation before tomorrow?
Tomorrow's debate is critical for our campaign. It’s our biggest chance yet to prove that we’re the best campaign to beat Trump and transform this country. So we’re aiming to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you rush a donation before tomorrow?
Tomorrow's debate is critical for our campaign. It’s our biggest chance yet to prove that we’re the best campaign to beat Trump and transform this country. So we’re aiming to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you rush a donation before tomorrow?
Workers deserve:➡️ An ownership stake in the companies they work for➡️ A say in decisions that impact their lives➡️ A fair share of the profits that their work makes possible
  new “Corporate Accountability and Democracy” would reshape corporate America. It calls for:– giving work…
For over 40 years, the largest and most profitable corporations in America have rigged the tax code and our economy.That ends when we're in the White House.Read our plan to put power back in the hands of workers:
Happy birthday You are changing this country by having the courage to stand up to the rich and powerful. Together we'll make health care a right and ensure a thriving planet for future generations. 
Money in politics is at the heart of the corruption we see today. To get big money out of politics we will:✔️Ban corporate donations to DNC and inaugurations✔️Publicly finance federal elections✔️Overturn Citizens United✔️Ban advertising during presidential primary debates
If you can spend billions of dollars on stock buybacks to enrich shareholders and can pay your CEO millions of dollars a year, you can damn well afford to pay your workers a living wage.
For too long, young people have been told to settle for less.Our campaign is doing the opposite.We are going to defeat Trump because we will mobilize the most progressive generation in history. 
I stand with workers at Mack Trucks in Pennsylvania, Maryland and Florida as they go on strike for the first time in 35 years. It's past time for Mack Trucks to sit down and negotiate a fair contract with their workers. 
The killings of unarmed Black Americans have got to end. Atatiana Jefferson should be alive. The Department of Justice must investigate this. 
Congratulations to the workers at Velan, Local 2704 and for a hard-fought victory in earning a fair contract. Everyone deserves dignity at work, and to earn a living wage. 
Residents of Santa Clara County deserve to have a safe and healthy community. I stand with workers on strike to  and defend the critical services children, seniors, and low-income families depend on. 
Since I was mayor, I have taken on powerful interests to keep housing affordable for working people.We are going to take that fight to the White House.As president, I will guarantee housing as a right. 
Whether it's Wall Street, the drug companies or the military-industrial complex, there is no candidate out there that has stood up to the powers that be more than I have. 
Have you avoided seeing a doctor or seeking treatment you needed because of the cost?
I stand with the new Bangladeshi Tenant Union guided by in their fight for housing justice. As president I will guarantee that renters have the right to form tenants' unions free from retaliation by landlords or managing agents. 
I'm excited to announce that we will be holding a major rally in New York next Saturday, October 19th. Let's show Trump and the rest of the billionaire class we are ready to take them on. RSVP if you're with us: 
Learn more about about Dartmouth Community against Gender Harassment and Sexual Harassment and their fight here: Find resources for survivors here: 
I appreciate you for sharing your story with me. Colleges must ensure a safe environment for all students. Together, we will organize to end harassment and sexual violence on campus. 
We're building the kind of grassroots movement that is capable of taking on corporate greed and political corruption.But I can’t do it alone.Can you make a contribution before Tuesday's debate? 
 Westboro Baptist Church planned to protest the  and our Trans family. Team Iowa showed up with dozens of…
Corporate greed is killing Americans and it must be stopped. 
We have a president who does not believe in the rule of law. 
Having private health insurance doesn't mean a damn thing if you still can't afford treatment you need. Medicare for All means no premiums, no copays and no deductibles. We need it now. 
This is how we fight back against the corporate attacks on journalism. We will do everything we can to support media workers’ efforts to form unions and collectively bargain. Congratulations to the 
 Thank you, for standing with Republic Services sanitation  on  in Massachusetts! Our member…
Sanitation workers in Marshfield are fighting for a living wage and safe working conditions. I am proud to stand with the and workers everywhere who deserve to be treated with dignity and respect. 
 U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders Stands with Teamsters and Striking Sanitation Workers; asks supporters to hold the line with T…
Happy birthday I'm so glad to have you in the fight to defeat Donald Trump and get millions of young people involved in the political process. 
The median household income in the U.S. last year was about $62,000.Someone making that much could work for 1.5 million years—not spend any of it—and still not be worth as much as Jeff Bezos.Billionaires should not exist.
In the last few years, PG;E has:-Paid 8 executives $60+ million-Paid out $4.5 billion to shareholders-Wined and dined executives as they prepared to cut off powerCalifornians are suffering because of this greed and corruption. We need a Green New Deal to end this now. 
 Thank you for joining me in addressing the need to restore voting rights to incarcerated Americans.Durin…
No one should live in fear because of who they are or whom they love. Today and every day we stand with our LGBTQ+ family. Together, we are going to build the nation based on love and justice we know we can become. 
The corporate media will be looking for any excuse to dismiss us during Tuesday’s debate. Our job is to show them our movement is stronger than ever by taking the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible.Can you chip in before the debate to stand with us?
The corporate media will be looking for any excuse to dismiss us during Tuesday’s debate. Our job is to show them our movement is stronger than ever by taking the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible.Can you chip in before the debate to stand with us?
The corporate media will be looking for any excuse to dismiss us during Tuesday’s debate. Our job is to show them our movement is stronger than ever by taking the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible.Can you chip in before the debate to stand with us?
The corporate media will be looking for any excuse to dismiss us during Tuesday’s debate. Our job is to show them our movement is stronger than ever by taking the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible.Can you chip in before the debate to stand with us?
The corporate media will be looking for any excuse to dismiss us during Tuesday’s debate. Our job is to show them our movement is stronger than ever by taking the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible.Can you chip in before the debate to stand with us?
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before Tuesday’s debate. Get on the top of the list by making a donation right now.
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before Tuesday’s debate. Get on the top of the list by making a donation right now.
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before Tuesday’s debate. Get on the top of the list by making a donation right now.
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before Tuesday’s debate. Get on the top of the list by making a donation right now.
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before Tuesday’s debate. Get on the top of the list by making a donation right now.
We cannot allow corporate America to continue to destroy journalism. When I am president we will tell the owners of and others that they must end their greed and respect their workers or face consequences. 
This is not a radical idea. If we are serious about calling ourselves a democracy, we must firmly establish that the right to vote is an inalienable and universal principle. Period. 
Thanks to the work of community organizers including and California has the opportunity to have the strongest private prison ban in the country. I urge Gov. Newsom to sign  and ban all private prisons, including private immigration detention. 
This year alone, 19 transgender people in the U.S. have been violently killed. That is a tragedy and an outrage.When we are in the White House will make it clear that every murder of a transgender person will be investigated by the Department of Justice as a severe hate crime.
When politicians like Trump say we must cut food stamps, Medicaid and public housing, it's not because we don't have the money.We're the richest country on Earth!It's because they refuse to stand up to their billionaire donors, who hoard wealth and stash it in tax havens.
No person needs to have tens of billions of dollars while others sleep out on the streets. We're going to tax the ultra rich and use the revenue to guarantee decent housing for all.
Mental health care shouldn't be a privilege for the wealthy. It should be accessible to all. Medicare for All will guarantee mental health coverage to every person in this country, free at the point of service. 
It's not coincidental that the top health care CEOs made $1.1 billion last year while 4 in 10 cancer patients lose their life savings due to treatment.Our system is designed to take money from sick people and put it in the pockets of rich executives.We need Medicare for All.
We’re sending Bernie a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor before he takes the stage on Tuesday. Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
We’re sending Bernie a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor before he takes the stage on Tuesday. Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at Tuesday’s debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at Tuesday’s debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at Tuesday’s debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at Tuesday’s debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at Tuesday’s debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
We’re sending Bernie a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor before he takes the stage on Tuesday. Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
We’re sending Bernie a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor before he takes the stage on Tuesday. Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
We’re sending Bernie a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor before he takes the stage on Tuesday. Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
We’re sending Bernie a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor before he takes the stage on Tuesday. Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
We’re sending Bernie a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor before he takes the stage on Tuesday. Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
Let me congratulate the on their support for Medicare for All. When every American has comprehensive health care as a right, unions will no longer have to spend enormous amounts of time and energy fighting to maintain their employer-based health insurance benefits. 
Playoff baseball comes to our backyard. 
At the end of the day, we have one life to live, and you ask yourself, what role do I want to play?That role must go deeper than defeating Trump.We must create a country where people are working to take care of each other. 
Irresponsible corporate greed threatened the health and safety of 800,000 Californians. Meanwhile, PG;E has paid out billions to its shareholders. My Green New Deal will build a 21st century energy grid that will deliver clean, reliable power to all. 
Trump thinks human life is about cheating and stepping on people to get rich. My view is that we are all richer emotionally when we care about each other. 
The insurance and pharmaceutical companies are going to spend millions and millions of dollars attempting to defeat us and stop Medicare for All. That is how you can tell we are on the side of working people. 
If you don't think our tax system is rigged in favor of the wealthy, remember that the Waltons (worth over $200 billion) pay a lower tax rate than entry-level workers at Walmart.
Can you chip in a few bucks to stand with Bernie before the next debate on October 15? This is a critical moment for our campaign, and we’re counting on you to help us keep up our momentum.
Can you chip in a few bucks to stand with Bernie before the next debate on October 15? This is a critical moment for our campaign, and we’re counting on you to help us keep up our momentum.
Can you chip in a few bucks to stand with Bernie before the next debate on October 15? This is a critical moment for our campaign, and we’re counting on you to help us keep up our momentum.
Can you chip in a few bucks to stand with Bernie before the next debate on October 15? This is a critical moment for our campaign, and we’re counting on you to help us keep up our momentum.
Can you chip in a few bucks to stand with Bernie before the next debate on October 15? This is a critical moment for our campaign, and we’re counting on you to help us keep up our momentum.
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at Tuesday’s debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at Tuesday’s debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in now?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at Tuesday’s debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at Tuesday’s debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in now?
The truth is, there are going to be a lot of eyes on our campaign at Tuesday’s debate. The establishment and corporate media will be looking for any excuse to write us off. That’s why we need to take the stage with as many grassroots donations as possible. Can you chip in now?
Our health care system today exists to make as much profit as possible for a handful of rich executives.Maybe I'm "radical," but I believe our health care system should exist to keep people healthy. 
Ken Langone, the billionaire founder of the Home Depot, wants to know what we'll do for working people.First of all, Ken, we'll stop corporations like yours from paying workers starvation wages to make billionaires like you even richer. 
 I’m proud to endorse in the 2020 Democratic Primary. His unwavering vision of health justice is inspiring, and wi…
But how will we afford Medicare for All? 
Congratulations to Waterloo for being the first community in Iowa to "ban the box" on job applications so that formerly incarcerated people get a fair chance. When we are in the White House we will ban employers nationwide from discriminating based on past convictions. 
 The political revolution may not be televised, but it will be on Reddit where you can Ask Me Anything on r/SandersForPre…
We stand with our LGBTQ+ family today, who should never have to fear for their jobs because of who they are. Trump is on the wrong side of history and we will fight until there is justice for all.  
Donald Trump, Jeff Bezos and Warren Buffett pay a lower tax rate than someone making $7.25 an hour.Let that sink in.In a Sanders administration that ends. We will tax extreme wealth and make the rich pay their fair share. 
Let's remember that Sondland is a million-dollar Trump donor. That's how Trump's swamp works. 
What is the Trump administration trying to hide? 
One million donors. That’s how many people are funding this campaign — and all of their names are now on the wall at our campaign headquarters. Because this campaign is not just about me. It’s about all of us fighting for justice, together. 
Good! 
Our grassroots-funded campaign is proving every single day that you don't need billionaires and private fundraisers to run for president.
Not only are we going to defeat Trump, we're going to make him pay an additional $142 million with our tax on extreme wealth.
When we win the Democratic nomination and defeat Donald Trump, we will transform our political system by rejecting the influence of big corporate money.
Money is not speech.Corporations are not people. And you shouldn't have to beg the rich and powerful for money to run for office. Today we are releasing our plan to get corporate money out of politics. 
Passing Medicare for All and eliminating all past-due medical debt is not only our moral obligation. It is economically necessary. 
Trump's vision of government is one that serves the rich and attacks the poor. We have a different idea. We are going to protect the programs that are life-and-death for millions of working people and make the wealthy pay their fair share. 
Maybe I'm old fashioned. But I believe we should have a president who believes in the United States Constitution.
 Thank you New Hampshire for continuing the fight towards allowing people to have a chance to have a good quality of li…
We set an ambitious goal: 1,000,000 calls to early states in 10 days. It took our volunteers just nine.This is the unprecedented grassroots power that we need to not only defeat Donald Trump, but to take back our democracy from the corporate elite. 
At this point in the campaign, we've received contributions from more individuals than any candidate in the history of American presidential politics—and the overwhelming majority of those donations comes from the working class.This is what the political revolution looks like. 
When we say the system is rigged in favor of the rich this is what we mean. We need a government that works for working people, not just the rich and powerful.
One of the most important things you can do is help us bring more people into the political process to defeat Trump. We are getting very close to our goal of 1 million calls to voters. Help us get there: 
"In the richest country in the world, it is obscene that millions of people are pushed into poverty and insolvency because they had the bad luck of getting sick and needing to see a doctor." -Astra Taylor 
  is marching with low-wage workers from ON STRIKE in Charleston, SC. Why? B/c the system is broken…
While Trump wants to use health care as a weapon to advance a racist and xenophobic agenda, we are going to guarantee health care to all and we're going to win. 
 Fast-food workers in the  are ON STRIKE in South Carolina. This morning at we were joined by former O…
 Great turnout for in Des Moines. Our volunteers are more fired up than ever before! 
  in Charleston,SC   
Please add your name and help us continue the fight for Medicare for All. None of us know when a medical emergency might affect us. And no one should fear going bankrupt if it occurs.
Please add your name and help us continue the fight for Medicare for All. None of us know when a medical emergency might affect us. And no one should fear going bankrupt if it occurs.
Please add your name and help us continue the fight for Medicare for All. None of us know when a medical emergency might affect us. And no one should fear going bankrupt if it occurs.
Please add your name and help us continue the fight for Medicare for All. None of us know when a medical emergency might affect us. And no one should fear going bankrupt if it occurs.
Please add your name and help us continue the fight for Medicare for All. None of us know when a medical emergency might affect us. And no one should fear going bankrupt if it occurs.
Please add your name and help us continue the fight for Medicare for All. None of us know when a medical emergency might affect us. And no one should fear going bankrupt if it occurs.
None of us know when a medical emergency might affect us. And no one should fear going bankrupt if it occurs. If you agree, add your name to support our movement for Medicare for All.
None of us know when a medical emergency might affect us. And no one should fear going bankrupt if it occurs. If you agree, add your name to support our movement for Medicare for All.
None of us know when a medical emergency might affect us. And no one should fear going bankrupt if it occurs. If you agree, add your name to support our movement for Medicare for All.
None of us know when a medical emergency might affect us. And no one should fear going bankrupt if it occurs. If you agree, add your name to support our movement for Medicare for All.
None of us know when a medical emergency might affect us. And no one should fear going bankrupt if it occurs. If you agree, add your name to support our movement for Medicare for All.
None of us know when a medical emergency might affect us. And no one should fear going bankrupt if it occurs. If you agree, add your name to support our movement for Medicare for All.
It is unacceptable to me that 87 million Americans are uninsured or underinsured.Together, we will guarantee health care as a right and pass Medicare for All. Add your name to stand with us.
It is unacceptable to me that 87 million Americans are uninsured or underinsured.Together, we will guarantee health care as a right and pass Medicare for All. Add your name to stand with us.
It is unacceptable to me that 87 million Americans are uninsured or underinsured.Together, we will guarantee health care as a right and pass Medicare for All. Add your name to stand with us.
It is unacceptable to me that 87 million Americans are uninsured or underinsured.Together, we will guarantee health care as a right and pass Medicare for All. Add your name to stand with us.
It is unacceptable to me that 87 million Americans are uninsured or underinsured.Together, we will guarantee health care as a right and pass Medicare for All. Add your name to stand with us.
It is unacceptable to me that 87 million Americans are uninsured or underinsured.Together, we will guarantee health care as a right and pass Medicare for All. Add your name to stand with us.
Hello everybody! We’re in Las Vegas. I’m feeling so much better. Thank you for all of the love and warm wishes that you sent me.See you soon on the campaign trail. 
I want to thank the doctors, nurses, and staff at the Desert Springs Hospital Medical Center for the excellent care that they provided. After two and a half days in the hospital, I feel great, and after taking a short time off, I look forward to getting back to work. 
I'm looking forward to be back on the campaign trail soon. In the meantime, making calls to voters is the single most important thing you can do to help our campaign. Help us keep the political revolution going and reach 1,000,000 calls by Sunday: 
Every day we see why this is the most corrupt president in our modern history. Impeachment must move forward as quickly as possible. 
It's going to be a real pleasure defeating you. 
Here's Trump's brilliant idea: tell Americans that we cannot guarantee health care for all to distract from the fact that he's the most corrupt president in our modern history. Another great idea from our "stable genius" president. 
I'm looking forward to sharing our vision for transforming this country at the next debate.I am lucky to have great health care, but millions of Americans are not. Some 87 million Americans are uninsured or underinsured.That is unacceptable to me. We need Medicare for All.
 I intend to make sure Bernie takes a few days off to rest, but he's ready to get back out there and we’re looking forward…
 joking with doctors and nurses and speaking with our kids ; grandkids and friends on the phone. Bernie’s doctors are very…
 A heartfelt thank you to everyone who reached out yesterday with so many touching ; kind messages wishing Bernie well! We…
Thanks for all the well wishes. I'm feeling good. I'm fortunate to have good health care and great doctors and nurses helping me to recover.None of us know when a medical emergency might affect us. And no one should fear going bankrupt if it occurs. Medicare for All!
HAPPENING SOON: Join our campaign manager at 9pm ET / 6pm PT for a special strategy call with supporters. You can join by dialing 855-286-0288.
I’m not going anywhere. But billionaires can be damn sure they’ll pay their fair share when I am president. 
This is an enormous victory for workers. Over 40,000 child care providers now have the right to negotiate better pay and benefits, training and high-quality care for children. Congratulations to all who organized to make this possible. 
This is what I mean when I say Trump is a racist and a demagogue. Under my administration, no government agent will ever tear a baby away from the arms of a mother. We are going to end the demonization of immigrants and create a just and fair immigration system. 
Yesterday I stood in solidarity with and workers from Rockingham County Nursing Home who are fighting for their right to form a union. They deserve a voice for themselves and the people they serve. 
 it's simple: people trust to fight for them because he always has. together, we're working to rebuild the…
When you watch our new ad, know that it was 100% funded by people chipping in what they can to transform this country. And the truth is, we also depend on people like you to help us stay on the air. Can you chip in to make sure every voter we need to win sees our new ad?
When you watch our new ad, know that it was 100% funded by people chipping in what they can to transform this country. And the truth is, we also depend on people like you to help us stay on the air. Can you chip in to make sure every voter we need to win sees our new ad?
When you watch our new ad, know that it was 100% funded by people chipping in what they can to transform this country. And the truth is, we also depend on people like you to help us stay on the air. Can you chip in to make sure every voter we need to win sees our new ad?
When you watch our new ad, know that it was 100% funded by people chipping in what they can to transform this country. And the truth is, we also depend on people like you to help us stay on the air. Can you chip in to make sure every voter we need to win sees our new ad?
It’s official: we are ON THE AIR in Iowa! Check out our brand-new,  first-ever television ad, then chip in what you can afford to help us reach as many Iowans as possible with our message.
It’s official: we are ON THE AIR in Iowa! Check out our brand-new,  first-ever television ad, then chip in what you can afford to help us reach as many Iowans as possible with our message.
It’s official: we are ON THE AIR in Iowa! Check out our brand-new,  first-ever television ad, then chip in what you can afford to help us reach as many Iowans as possible with our message.
It’s official: we are ON THE AIR in Iowa! Check out our brand-new,  first-ever television ad, then chip in what you can afford to help us reach as many Iowans as possible with our message.
Two years ago the deadliest mass shooting in our modern history ended 58 lives in Las Vegas.Since then thousands more lives have been lost to gun violence.Our job: stand up to the NRA, pass real gun safety legislation and ban the sale and distribution of assault weapons.
 People don’t want to keep their insurance plans, they want to keep their doctors. For-profit insurance plans are unaffordab…
The billionaire owners of Forever 21 won't suffer as a result of filing for bankruptcy. The thousands of workers losing their jobs will.We must stand workers and against the greed of Wall Street and the billionaire class. All Forever 21 workers must be paid their fair share. 
 This stuff is all true. 
 We know will fight for the working class as president — because he always has. 
 New ad. 👀 
 Let's be clear - is a movement among campaigns.  He has shattered donor records and built a volunteer core t…
 This is first TV ad of 2020.We're spending $1.3 million over two weeks in Iowa, hitting every. single. mar…
 We know will fight for us because he. always. has.
 we will beat donald trump and rein in the greed of the billionaire class when we fight shoulder to shoulder. 
  is the only candidate who has consistently been on the side of working people his entire career — but he can’t…
 As an undocumented woman, it's been hard to find a candidate that has truly ever fought for people like me. I'm so proud to…
 First Bernie 2020 TV ad 👇 
 I fight for Bernie because he fights for us. 
Defeating Trump is not enough.We need leadership that will fight for working families and the shrinking middle class, not just the 1%.That is exactly what I have done my whole life and what I am prepared to do as president. 
We are going to guarantee every American the treatment they need—with no co-pays, deductibles, or premiums—through Medicare for All.
➡️ Our average donation: $19➡️ Most common profession: Teachers➡️ Over 1 million donors➡️ 99.9% can give againWe don’t need billionaires. We don’t need a super PAC. We have the people, and that is much more powerful.
The billionaire class should be very, very nervous. The working people of this country are ready for a political revolution. 
We don't have billionaires funding us. Our progressive agenda can't become reality without our grassroots movement. That's where you come in. Chip in before midnight:  
Don't miss your shot to make a donation before our big FEC deadline at midnight. Chip in $5, $10 or $27 now:  
Everybody who knows me knows I hate asking people for money, but we have a big FEC deadline tonight. Chip in $27 or however much you can to help us meet our goal:  
If it's not Trump, we're gonna beat Mike Pence.
If we believe in the constitutional right to abortion, we must ensure all women have that right regardless of income. Medicare for All will cover all reproductive health services, including abortion, and eliminate the Hyde Amendment. 
Who we're taking on:➡️Insurance companies➡️Drug companies➡️The NRA➡️The fossil fuel industry➡️The private prison industry➡️Wall Street➡️The billionaire class➡️TrumpWho's going to win:➡️UsChip in before our deadline at midnight: 
Help us send an unmistakable message to the media and political establishment that we are the strongest campaign to take on Trump. Donate now at  
In the 1950s, CEOs made 20 times more than their median employees.Last year, they made 287 times more.We're going to stop this crisis of inequality and raise taxes on companies with exorbitant pay gaps between executives and workers.
 “You have CEOs making 500 or 1000 times more than the median income worker – that’s a signal of a lot of what is wrong in…
We’re still a little short of our end-of-quarter fundraising goals. But if we make it, it will send an unmistakable message to the media and our opponents about the strength of our campaign. Push us over the finish line with your contribution by midnight: 
Tonight's FEC deadline is our biggest one yet, and Bernie is counting on you to bring us over the finish line. Rush a contribution to our campaign before midnight!
Tonight's FEC deadline is our biggest one yet, and Bernie is counting on you to bring us over the finish line. Rush a contribution to our campaign before midnight!
Tonight's FEC deadline is our biggest one yet, and Bernie is counting on you to bring us over the finish line. Rush a contribution to our campaign before midnight!
Tonight's FEC deadline is our biggest one yet, and Bernie is counting on you to bring us over the finish line. Rush a contribution to our campaign before midnight!
Tonight's FEC deadline is our biggest one yet, and Bernie is counting on you to bring us over the finish line. Rush a contribution to our campaign before midnight!
Even Trump agrees: donate before our big midnight FEC deadline.
Even Trump agrees: donate before our big midnight FEC deadline.
Even Trump agrees: donate before our big midnight FEC deadline.
Even Trump agrees: donate before our big midnight FEC deadline.
Even Trump agrees: donate to our campaign before our midnight FEC deadline.
Medicare for All is not just the moral thing to do, it is the economically smart thing to do. We will lift the burden of rising health care costs from small business owners. Live from Manchester, New Hampshire: 
Even Trump agrees: donate before our big midnight FEC deadline.
Today is the last day before our enormous fundraising deadline tonight. We need your help, because we don't have any billionaires or a super PAC supporting us—and we don't want one. We are a campaign for working people. Chip in now: 
 New: Bernie Sanders plans to penalize companies that pay their CEOs more than 50 times their median workers: "If you do n…
 CEOs were paid 287 times more than their median employee last year. Bernie Sanders has a tax for that. 
Americans are sick and tired of corporate CEOs making hundreds of times what their workers make.Walmart: 1,076 to 1The Home Depot: 486 to 1Nike: 379 to 1We say to corporate America: If you don't end your greed and corruption, we will end it for you. 
Tonight’s FEC deadline is our most important deadline yet. That’s why I’ve asked my team to send a list of every person who donates between now and midnight. Will you make a contribution so we know you stand with our movement?
Tonight’s FEC deadline is big. Real big. So we're sending Bernie a list of anyone who donates before midnight. Can you chip in right now so we can put your name at the top?
Tonight’s FEC deadline is big. Real big. So we're sending Bernie a list of anyone who donates before midnight. Can you chip in right now so we can put your name at the top?
Tonight’s FEC deadline is our most important deadline yet. That’s why I’ve asked my team to send a list of every person who donates between now and midnight. Will you make a contribution so we know you stand with our movement?
Tonight’s FEC deadline is our most important deadline yet. That’s why I’ve asked my team to send a list of every person who donates between now and midnight. Will you make a contribution so we know you stand with our movement?
Tonight’s FEC deadline is our most important deadline yet. That’s why I’ve asked my team to send a list of every person who donates between now and midnight. Will you make a contribution so we know you stand with our movement?
Tonight’s FEC deadline is big. Real big. So we're sending Bernie a list of anyone who donates before midnight. Can you chip in right now so we can put your name at the top?
Cancel student debt. 
Anybody who knows me knows that I hate asking for money, but this is important: can you make a donation before our HUGE midnight FEC deadline? Unlike Donald Trump and my opponents, we don’t have billionaires funding our campaign. That means we need your help to keep up.
Anybody who knows me knows that I hate asking for money, but this is important: can you make a donation before our HUGE midnight FEC deadline? Unlike Donald Trump and my opponents, we don’t have billionaires funding our campaign. That means we need your help to keep up.
Anybody who knows me knows that I hate asking for money, but this is important: can you make a donation before our HUGE midnight FEC deadline? Unlike Donald Trump and my opponents, we don’t have billionaires funding our campaign. That means we need your help to keep up.
Anybody who knows me knows that I hate asking for money, but this is important: can you make a donation before our HUGE midnight FEC deadline? Unlike Donald Trump and my opponents, we don’t have billionaires funding our campaign. That means we need your help to keep up.
Anybody who knows me knows that I hate asking for money, but this is important: can you make a donation before our HUGE midnight FEC deadline? Unlike Donald Trump and my opponents, we don’t have billionaires funding our campaign. That means we need your help to keep up.
I hate to ask, but can you donate to our campaign before our FEC deadline at MIDNIGHT TONIGHT? Some of our opponents are raising a lot of money from rich folks at fancy fundraisers. But not us. Help us keep up and WIN by making a contribution right now.
I hate to ask, but can you donate to our campaign before our FEC deadline at MIDNIGHT TONIGHT? Some of our opponents are raising a lot of money from rich folks at fancy fundraisers. But not us. Help us keep up and WIN by making a contribution right now.
I hate to ask, but can you donate to our campaign before our FEC deadline at MIDNIGHT TONIGHT? Some of our opponents are raising a lot of money from rich folks at fancy fundraisers. But not us. Help us keep up and WIN by making a contribution right now.
I hate to ask, but can you donate to our campaign before our FEC deadline at MIDNIGHT TONIGHT? Some of our opponents are raising a lot of money from rich folks at fancy fundraisers. But not us. Help us keep up and WIN by making a contribution right now.
I hate to ask, but can you donate to our campaign before our FEC deadline at midnight TONIGHT? Some of our opponents are raising a lot of money from rich folks at fancy fundraisers. But not us. Help us keep up and WIN by making a contribution right now.
We have a big deadline coming up and an ambitious goal: 25,000 contributions before midnight.Chip in $27 or whatever you can to help us get there: 
L'shana tovah to all who observe Rosh Hashanah. May it be a good and peaceful year.
Trump thinks he can win re-election by dividing us up. We're not going to let that happen. Millions of people are coming together to create a country based on justice. Join us live at Dartmouth: 
We have millions of people in our country who have gone bankrupt, and what did they do?Did they take a risk on Wall Street?Did they buy real estate that worked out badly?No, they got cancer. Or they couldn't afford medicine for their kid. That is unconscionable.
I look forward to seeing Donald Trump impeached as soon as possible.
 Wow! volunteers have already made almost 200,000 calls towards our 1 million goal - and they just started yeste…
Help Bernie knock our end-of-quarter fundraising goal out of the park! Chip in right now before the FEC deadline on Monday at midnight.
It’s game time, and we need you to help us knock our end-of-quarter goal out of the park by Monday night. Chip in $27, or whatever you can, to help us get there.
This FEC deadline is our most important deadline yet. That’s why I’ve asked my team to send a list of every person who donates between now and the deadline. Will you make a contribution so we know you stand with our movement?
This FEC deadline is our most important deadline yet. That’s why I’ve asked my team to send a list of every person who donates between now and the deadline. Will you make a contribution so we know you stand with our movement?
This FEC deadline is our most important deadline yet. That’s why I’ve asked my team to send a list of every person who donates between now and the deadline. Will you make a contribution so we know you stand with our movement?
This FEC deadline is our most important deadline yet. That’s why I’ve asked my team to send a list of every person who donates between now and the deadline. Will you make a contribution so we know you stand with our movement?
This FEC deadline is our most important deadline yet. That’s why I’ve asked my team to send a list of every person who donates between now and the deadline. Will you make a contribution so we know you stand with our movement?
This FEC deadline is our most important deadline yet. That’s why I’ve asked my team to send a list of every person who donates between now and the deadline. Will you make a contribution so we know you stand with our movement?
Tomorrow's FEC deadline is big. Real big. So we're sending Bernie a list of anyone who donates before it ends. Can you chip in right now so we can put your name at the top?
Tomorrow's FEC deadline is big. Real big. So we're sending Bernie a list of anyone who donates before it ends. Can you chip in right now so we can put your name at the top?
Tomorrow's FEC deadline is big. Real big. So we're sending Bernie a list of anyone who donates before it ends. Can you chip in right now so we can put your name at the top?
Tomorrow's FEC deadline is big. Real big. So we're sending Bernie a list of anyone who donates before it ends. Can you chip in right now so we can put your name at the top?
Tomorrow's FEC deadline is big. Real big. So we're sending Bernie a list of anyone who donates before it ends. Can you chip in right now so we can put your name at the top?
Tomorrow's FEC deadline is big. Real big. So we're sending Bernie a list of anyone who donates before it ends. Can you chip in right now so we can put your name at the top?
Trump will have nearly unlimited money the top 1%. We have something far more powerful  — over a million grassroots donors ready to take on the billionaire class. Donate now at  
Black students graduate on average with $4,000 more in student loans than white students.Our plan to cancel all student debt with a tax on Wall Street will cut the racial wealth gap among young Americans by more than half. 
Henry Kissinger was one of the most destructive Secretaries of State in the history of this country.A Sanders administration will not be taking advice from Henry Kissinger. 
Together, we are going to defeat the most corrupt president in recent history and finally build a country that works for working people, not just the 1%. Join our rally live in Plymouth, NH: 
I want people to be able to run for office without having to beg for money from rich people and corporations. That's why we are entirely grassroots-funded.Donate $27 or whatever you can before our big Monday deadline to say you're with us: 
 This Sunday morning, watch these Iowans tell about the unnecessary pain caused by a corrupt health care syst…
 These are Iowans. Our friends, neighbors and family and they need Medicare for All — not political excuses, policy wavering or…
We need a lot of donations to keep up with our opponents who have wealthy donors giving $2,800 max-out checks. So we've set a goal of 25,000 donations per day before Monday's deadline.Can you help us reach that mark before midnight?  
 If you do one thing today, watch this. People are going bankrupt all over this country for trying to help their loved ones s…
We're going to defeat Donald Trump, or Mike Pence, or whomever else the Republicans put up.But we need your help to win. Chip in now:  
 Incredible. Must watch. 
✅ 1 million grassroots donors✅ More contributions than Trump✅ Zero billionairesThat's what's powering this campaign. We're going to take on the billionaire class and build a country that works for all. Chip in before our huge deadline Monday night: 
 Editing this video had me on the verge of tears. We are letting our fellow citizens endure unnecessary pain just so healt…
 3 yrs ago I sustained a brain injury. The only reason I’m able to type this message today is because my family has health in…
 "There's no way out for us, I mean, other than you Bernie. You're the hope that we have." 
 Bernie’s consistency is why I trust him. He’s always fought against the insurance companies and for 
Please chip in to help us reach 25,000 donations before midnight tonight. We're getting close, but we're not there yet. And hitting this mark will keep us on track to reach our fundraising goal ahead of Monday's critical deadline. 
 These stories are heartbreaking. We have the power to put an end to the suffering. We have the power to take the profit…
 This man’s wife didn’t tell him she had terminal cancer til 5 days before she died because she was scared of seeking t…
 You need to watch this. 
 Please take five minutes and watch this video. This is why we do it. This is why we fight for Medicare for All. This is w…
 This is a powerful video on our nation's enduring health care crisis. 
 Over half a million Americans go bankrupt every single year due to medical bills. 40 million can't afford to see a doct…
 “there’s no way out for us – other than you, bernie.”  
I don't understand how politicians can hear stories like these and not think our health care system is barbaric.Our people deserve better.We are going to pass Medicare for All. We are going to eliminate medical debt. 
Help Bernie knock our end-of-quarter fundraising goal out of the park! Chip in right now before the FEC deadline on Monday at midnight.
Help Bernie knock our end-of-quarter fundraising goal out of the park! Chip in right now before the FEC deadline on Monday at midnight.
Help Bernie knock our end-of-quarter fundraising goal out of the park! Chip in right now before the FEC deadline on Monday at midnight.
Help Bernie knock our end-of-quarter fundraising goal out of the park! Chip in right now before the FEC deadline on Monday at midnight.
Help Bernie knock our end-of-quarter fundraising goal out of the park! Chip in right now before the FEC deadline on Monday at midnight.
It’s game time, and we need you to help us knock our end-of-quarter goal out of the park by Monday night. Chip in $27, or whatever you can, to help us get there.
It’s game time, and we need you to help us knock our end-of-quarter goal out of the park by Monday night. Chip in $27, or whatever you can, to help us get there.
It’s game time, and we need you to help us knock our end-of-quarter goal out of the park by Monday night. Chip in $27, or whatever you can, to help us get there.
It’s game time, and we need you to help us knock our end-of-quarter goal out of the park by Monday night. Chip in $27, or whatever you can, to help us get there.
It’s game time, and we need you to help us knock our end-of-quarter goal out of the park by Monday night. Chip in $27, or whatever you can, to help us get there.
Taxing the extreme wealth of the top 0.1% is not radical.What's radical is that the Walton family makes $25,000 a minute while their workers at Walmart are paid poverty wages.
I doubt that Trump knows what the Constitution of the United States is about. 
Trump wants to divide us up, because that's the only way he can win. We reject that. We are about bringing people together and sharing in a common humanity.
Here's a pretty reasonable idea: getting an education shouldn't mean that you're in debt for the rest of your life.
Anyone attacking Medicare for All needs to explain why we should maintain a system in which the average premium workers pay for family coverage has increased 71% in 10 years.I refuse to accept a health care system that makes health care CEOs rich and bankrupts working families.
 For the full interview with Senator including his viewpoints on…
It’s game time, and we need you to help us knock our end-of-quarter goal out of the park by Monday night. Chip in $27, or whatever you can, to help us get there:  
 We are in good hands. We fight, together, and we win, together!   
Here's a reasonable idea: No one should go bankrupt because they got sick.
 En casa teniendo una buena conversación con / Having a good conversation with at home.
Puerto Rico is drowning in debt.We are dealing with widespread corruption.We're going to bring millions of people into the political process to solve the enormous issues we face. I'm glad is with us. 
The American people are ready for a government that works for them, not the powerful special interests who can afford to buy off politicians. We can't be bought, and we're going to win because we have the people.
Donald Trump is a spoiled brat. He grew up as a very rich kid. And now he thinks he can do anything he wants. Most people work hard, they tell the truth, they pay their taxes. Trump does the opposite.
When we stand together, when we organize, when we do not back down, we win. I'm proud to support teachers in their fight for the schools our kids deserve. 
We incarcerate 2.2 million people—more than any country on Earth.People leaving prisons and jails then face enormous barriers to a stable life.We must move away from a system simply based on punishment and toward rehabilitation. 
I don't accept a system where billionaires get tax breaks while teachers go hungry. We're going to invest in education and pay teachers at least $60,000 a year. 
 We had a profound conversation on Criminal Justice Reform with Political Director
 TONIGHT: Presidential candidate Senator is here! Then a musical performance from 
I was proud to stand together with the members of this week. Park workers deserve a fair contract — not a doubling of their out of pocket health insurance costs. 
Unlike Donald Trump I do not believe the children of America should go hungry. We're going to guarantee universal, free school meals to kids year-round. 
Trump described the whistleblower as “treasonous.” I think treasonous activity is a president trying to undermine the Constitution of the United States. 
There is nothing the corporate elite of this country fears more than a strong union movement. That's why we are their worst nightmare.
For 50 years, has defended the fundamental right of women to control their own bodies. I'm proud to stand with them in fighting to protect and expand access to abortion and all reproductive health care. 
Getting an education isn't a crime. We need to cancel every penny of student debt.
GM showed why we need Medicare for All. Your health care should never be in the hands of greedy corporations who can take it away to punish workers. We will guarantee health care for all with no co-pays, premiums, or deductibles. 
Union workers earn 22% more, on average, than non-union workers. I think that explains a lot about why greedy corporations try to bust unions.
For too long, New York has had one of the worst barriers to primary voter registration, which I have long sought to rectify. Thank you and state legislators for taking this essential step forward, and to grassroots groups in the state who fought for real change. 
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC fundraising deadline on 9/30. That’s a problem because ALL of our leading opponents have taken big checks from the ultra-wealthy.Can you make a contribution to help us close the gap before the September 30 deadline?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC fundraising deadline on 9/30. That’s a problem because ALL of our leading opponents have taken big checks from the ultra-wealthy.Can you make a contribution to help us close the gap before the September 30 deadline?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC fundraising deadline on 9/30. That’s a problem because ALL of our leading opponents have taken big checks from the ultra-wealthy.Can you make a contribution to help us close the gap before the September 30 deadline?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC fundraising deadline on 9/30. That’s a problem because ALL of our leading opponents have taken big checks from the ultra-wealthy.Can you make a contribution to help us close the gap before the September 30 deadline?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC fundraising deadline on 9/30. That’s a problem because ALL of our leading opponents have taken big checks from the ultra-wealthy.Can you make a contribution to help us close the gap before the September 30 deadline?
This campaign is not just about me. It's about the millions of people struggling to survive within a system that is rigged in favor of the rich and powerful. Their stories deserve to be heard.
Can you chip in before our 9/30 FEC deadline? Our job between now and then is to get as many small donations as possible, because that is the ONLY way we will keep up with our opponents who collect $2,800 max-out checks from the wealthy.
Can you chip in before our 9/30 FEC deadline? Our job between now and then is to get as many small donations as possible, because that is the ONLY way we will keep up with our opponents who collect $2,800 max-out checks from the wealthy.
Can you chip in before our 9/30 FEC deadline? Our job between now and then is to get as many small donations as possible, because that is the ONLY way we will keep up with our opponents who collect $2,800 max-out checks from the wealthy.
Can you chip in before our 9/30 FEC deadline? Our job between now and then is to get as many small donations as possible, because that is the ONLY way we will keep up with our opponents who collect $2,800 max-out checks from the wealthy.
Can you chip in before our 9/30 FEC deadline? Our job between now and then is to get as many small donations as possible, because that is the ONLY way we will keep up with our opponents who collect $2,800 max-out checks from the wealthy.
Standing with workers on picket lines is something I've done my entire life — that's what I do and what I believe. I was proud to stand with striking General Motors workers in Michigan. We're going to win the fight against corporate greed. 
This is only the tip of an iceberg of corrupt, illegal and immoral behavior by Trump. The House must thoroughly investigate Trump's cover-up of this call and his other attempts to use government resources to help his re-election. The public deserves full transparency. 
The CEO of General Motors makes $21 million a year.GM can damn well afford to pay its workers a decent wage. 
We will not demonize immigrants like Trump. We will treat them with dignity. 
The climate crisis is not only the single greatest challenge facing our country. It is also our single greatest opportunity to build a more just and equitable future, But we must act immediately. 
Reading the transcript of Trump’s call with the Ukrainian president confirms that Trump is abusing the powers of the federal government to help his re-election campaign.Trump’s corruption and self-dealing is limitless. The House is right to begin impeachment proceedings.
Make the wealthy pay their fair share.
If American Airlines can spend $15 billion on stock buybacks, it damn well has enough money to pay its union workers a decent wage with good benefits. And under no circumstances should it ever outsource jobs to low-wage countries with a track record of safety violations. 
We will no longer tolerate teachers all over America having to work two or three jobs to get by. I was proud to stand last night with and We're going to win and give teachers the life they deserve. 
We are going to end homelessness and build millions of new affordable housing units — paid for with a tax on the billionaire class. 
How to not get a federal contract in a Sanders administration:-Pay workers poverty wages-Outsource jobs-Engage in union busting-Deny good benefits-Pay CEOs outrageous compensation
Remember when Trump shut down the government?800,000 federal workers do, because they missed their paychecks or worked without pay for over a month.Federal workers must be guaranteed the same labor rights as private sector workers, including the right to strike.
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in the modern history of this country.
 On the UAW picket line with demanding GM treat their workers with respect 
 Sanders is speaking now: “If General Motors thinks, after treating their workers like crap, they’re going to go to Washingt…
  thanks striking workers for standing up to “corporate greed.” Americans are tired of working in fact…
I'm proud to be the most pro-worker member of Congress and to have stood with unions my entire life. Together, we are going to double union membership during my first term in office and rebuild the middle class.
 New from rolls out list of progressive leader endorsements from all 99 Iowa counties - impor…
Not only are we going to beat Trump, we are going to decimate Trumpism.
Our message to the billionaire class: you cannot have it all. We will tax extreme wealth and invest in working people. 
 Oooooooweee, New Hampshire, I am on my way. This time I’m rollin w/the incredible baby! We will 👀 you soon. If…
Kaiser Permanente made $5.2 billion in profits in the first half of 2019 and paid its CEO $16 million in 2017, yet keeps raising rates and outsourcing workers. I stand with workers getting ready to strike. 
 Chicago teachers are voting on whether to go on strike. What do we do on campaign? Join them! 
The City of Chicago must sit down with bargain in good faith and work out a contract that is fair and just. I'm proud to stand with Chicago teachers today: 
We are not going to let a handful of agri-business corporations destroy family farmers and pollute our environment. 
Billionaires should not be able to control our political system.
It's National Voter Registration Day, so make sure you and your friends and family register to vote at  Together, we are going to create the vibrant democracy our people deserve. 
If you "can't afford" to pay workers a living wage, then you can't afford to pay your CEOs tens of millions of dollars.
 Wealth change since 1982:Kochs, Waltons, Mars: ⬆️6,000%Median American household: ⬇️3%We desperately need a wealth tax t…
 As UAW members continue to strike for a fair contract, communities and elected leaders from across the country have come out to sh…
Unlike Donald Trump, we believe in bringing people together, not dividing them up. That is how we are going to win. Join us live in West Liberty, Iowa: 
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in the modern history of this country.Enough is enough.I hope the Judiciary Committee of the U.S. House will begin the impeachment process. 
We appear to have a president who may have used funds designed to protect the security of the United States as a means to gain political dirt on an opponent.We need to begin the impeachment process immediately.
I wouldn't be running for president if I had to rely on $2,800 checks from the wealthy.That’s the plain truth.When we win this election, it will be because millions of people stood up and said: enough is enough. Will you be one of them and donate before our 9/30 FEC deadline?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC deadline on 9/30. Our average donation is $19, so it takes a LOT of donations to keep up with our opponents who collect $2,800 max-out checks from the wealthy.Donate now to help us close the gap by the 9/30 deadline.
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC fundraising deadline on 9/30. That’s a problem because ALL of our leading opponents have taken big checks from the ultra-wealthy.Can you make a contribution to help us close the gap before the September 30 deadline?
Clear your mind for a moment and count to 10.In those 10 seconds, Jeff Bezos made more money than the median employee of Amazon makes in an entire year.We have a crisis of inequality. We're going to address it with a wealth tax on the top 0.1%.
A small handful of billionaires should not be able to accumulate more money than they could spend in 10 lifetimes while millions of Americans are living in poverty and dying because they can't afford health care.
While working Americans ration insulin and work 2 or 3 jobs, the 1% saw its wealth increase by $21 trillion in the last 30 years.The problem is not that Americans aren't working hard enough or saving enough money.The problem is that the whole system is rigged against them.
If we make the top 0.1% pay their fair share in taxes, their quality of life would not change at all. But we would be able to invest in housing, child care and health care and improve the lives of millions of working people.
I wouldn't be running for president if I had to rely on $2,800 checks from the wealthy.That’s the plain truth.When we win this election, it will be because millions of people stood up and said: enough is enough. Will you be one of them and donate before our 9/30 FEC deadline?
I wouldn't be running for president if I had to rely on $2,800 checks from the wealthy.That’s the plain truth.When we win this election, it will be because millions of people stood up and said: enough is enough. Will you be one of them and donate before our 9/30 FEC deadline?
I wouldn't be running for president if I had to rely on $2,800 checks from the wealthy.That’s the plain truth.When we win this election, it will be because millions of people stood up and said: enough is enough. Will you be one of them and donate before our 9/30 FEC deadline?
I wouldn't be running for president if I had to rely on $2,800 checks from the wealthy.That’s the plain truth.When we win this election, it will be because millions of people stood up and said: enough is enough. Will you be one of them and donate before our 9/30 FEC deadline?
I wouldn't be running for president if I had to rely on $2,800 checks from the wealthy.That’s the plain truth.When we win this election, it will be because millions of people stood up and said: enough is enough. Will you be one of them and donate before our 9/30 FEC deadline?
There is no justice when three billionaires are able to own more wealth than the bottom half of the entire country.
There should be no billionaires. We are going to tax their extreme wealth and invest in working people. Read the plan: 
Billionaires should not exist. 
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC deadline on 9/30. Our average donation is $19, so it takes a LOT of donations to keep up with our opponents who collect $2,800 max-out checks from the wealthy.Donate now to help us close the gap by the 9/30 deadline.
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC deadline on 9/30. Our average donation is $19, so it takes a LOT of donations to keep up with our opponents who collect $2,800 max-out checks from the wealthy.Donate now to help us close the gap by the 9/30 deadline.
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC deadline on 9/30. Our average donation is $19, so it takes a LOT of donations to keep up with our opponents who collect $2,800 max-out checks from the wealthy.Donate now to help us close the gap by the 9/30 deadline.
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC deadline on 9/30. Our average donation is $19, so it takes a LOT of donations to keep up with our opponents who collect $2,800 max-out checks from the wealthy.Donate now to help us close the gap by the 9/30 deadline.
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC deadline on 9/30. Our average donation is $19, so it takes a LOT of donations to keep up with our opponents who collect $2,800 max-out checks from the wealthy.Donate now to help us close the gap by the 9/30 deadline.
 "Beyond Disgraceful." That's how Sen. reacted when we shared how little we get paid working fast-food in Iow…
This is a time to take on powerful special interests that control our political and economic life. When we're in the White House that is exactly what we are going to do. Join our rally live in Clinton, Iowa: 
It takes 22 months, on average, for Native American women to earn what white men make in a year. Not only will we ensure equal pay for equal work, but we will also honor tribal rights and increase federal investment to Native communities. 
If you think you don't know enough to run for local office, trust me, I know the United States Senate. You know enough.
We are the strongest campaign to defeat the most corrupt president in recent history. We are going to transform this country into one that works for all people, not just the top 1%. Join me now in Dubuque: 
It's unfortunate but not surprising that Biden’s polling firm is helping distort Medicare for All.The truth: Medicare for All means no premiums, co-payments or deductibles. It means everyone except the very wealthy will be paying far less than they do now for health care. 
We have a climate crisis and Donald Trump spent all of 10 minutes at the United Nations Climate Summit.He and all leaders who refuse to take action are putting the planet at risk.When we are in the White House the "empty words" stop and aggressive action begins. 
Every year 500,000 people go bankrupt from medical bills.That is not something that can be fixed with an incremental approach.We need to pass Medicare for All and end the disgrace of insurance companies making a profit off of suffering.
 It’s Monday AM, but Northwood, Iowa still packed the house for 
 Young Black Voters In The Carolinas Say They Like What Bernie Sanders Is Saying About Racial Justice 
Donald Trump will have nearly unlimited money from billionaires and the top 1%. We have something far more powerful  — a million grassroots donors who are ready to take on the billionaire class. And we're going to win. Join us live in Iowa: 
We must and we will remove the profit motive from assessing Americans' creditworthiness.Our plan: establish a public registry to end racial biases in credit scores and ensure those with medical debt are not penalized for the “crime” of getting sick. 
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC fundraising deadline on 9/30. That’s a problem because ALL of our leading opponents have taken big checks from the ultra-wealthy.Can you make a contribution to help us close the gap before the September 30 deadline?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC fundraising deadline on 9/30. That’s a problem because ALL of our leading opponents have taken big checks from the ultra-wealthy.Can you make a contribution to help us close the gap before the September 30 deadline?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC fundraising deadline on 9/30. That’s a problem because ALL of our leading opponents have taken big checks from the ultra-wealthy.Can you make a contribution to help us close the gap before the September 30 deadline?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC fundraising deadline on 9/30. That’s a problem because ALL of our leading opponents have taken big checks from the ultra-wealthy.Can you make a contribution to help us close the gap before the September 30 deadline?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC fundraising deadline on 9/30. That’s a problem because ALL of our leading opponents have taken big checks from the ultra-wealthy.Can you make a contribution to help us close the gap before the September 30 deadline?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC fundraising deadline on 9/30. That’s a problem because ALL of our leading opponents have taken big checks from the ultra-wealthy.Can you make a contribution to help us close the gap before the September 30 deadline?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC fundraising deadline on 9/30. That’s a problem because ALL of our leading opponents have taken big checks from the ultra-wealthy.Can you make a contribution to help us close the gap before the September 30 deadline?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC fundraising deadline on 9/30. That’s a problem because ALL of our leading opponents have taken big checks from the ultra-wealthy.Can you make a contribution to help us close the gap before the September 30 deadline?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC fundraising deadline on 9/30. That’s a problem because ALL of our leading opponents have taken big checks from the ultra-wealthy.Can you make a contribution to help us close the gap before the September 30 deadline?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC fundraising deadline on 9/30. That’s a problem because ALL of our leading opponents have taken big checks from the ultra-wealthy.Can you make a contribution to help us close the gap before the September 30 deadline?
We're a bit behind our quarterly fundraising goal and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution before our FEC deadline on September 30?
We're a bit behind our quarterly fundraising goal and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution before our FEC deadline on September 30?
We're a bit behind our quarterly fundraising goal and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution before our FEC deadline on September 30?
We're a bit behind our quarterly fundraising goal and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution before our FEC deadline on September 30?
We're a bit behind our quarterly fundraising goal and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution before our FEC deadline on September 30?
We're a bit behind our quarterly fundraising goal and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution before our FEC deadline on September 30?
We're a bit behind our quarterly fundraising goal and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution before our FEC deadline on September 30?
We're a bit behind our quarterly fundraising goal and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution before our FEC deadline on September 30?
We're a bit behind our quarterly fundraising goal and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution before our FEC deadline on September 30?
We're a bit behind our quarterly fundraising goal and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution before our FEC deadline on September 30?
The inventors of insulin sold the patent for $1.A vial costs about $5 to make.Yet people with diabetes are dying because drug corporations charge as much as $540 per vial in the United States.That level of greed is criminal. It will end when we are in the White House.
We are the strongest campaign to defeat Donald Trump and transform this country because we are building an unprecedented grassroots movement. Join our rally live in Northwood, Iowa: 
Frank Esposito has health insurance.He was rushed to the hospital for back surgery.The bill: $650,000 because his insurance company deemed it "wasn't medically necessary.”We will pass Medicare for All and stop insurance CEOs from getting rich off our suffering. 
I stand with the Comanche and all Native Americans in the struggle to protect their treaty and sovereign rights, advance traditional ways of life, and improve the quality of life for Native communities. 
Solving the climate crisis will not be easy. We have to take on the immense power of the fossil fuel industry. But we have a worldwide movement of young people on our side, and we're going to win. 
 Many hands go up when Sen. asks how many people know someone arrested for the possession of marijuana. Und…
A million people have donated to our campaign and not a single one of them is a billionaire. I think that says a lot about the kind of movement we are building.
Our plan for education:✅ Make public colleges, universities and trade schools tuition-free and debt-free✅ Cancel student debt✅ Invest in HBCUs and minority-serving institutions✅ End equity gaps in higher education attainment✅ Tax Wall Street speculation to pay for it
If we can bail out Wall Street we can bail out the middle class by making public colleges, universities and trade schools debt-free and canceling student debt. Join us at the University of Oklahoma! 
I don't think it's radical to say that you should not have to declare bankruptcy or lose your house because you got cancer.
 Medical debt is a huge problem. That's why nurses, including have fought to lower debt and have paid off the deb…
We need national rent control.
 Tears in the eyes of many at medical debt town hall in Des Mones. As attendees tell their stories about ICUs,…
Today 45 million people are weighed down by outrageous student debt. We refuse to accept that as normal. We are going to cancel all of it.
 No one should be afraid to go to the doctor because they think they’ll go broke. No one should leave the hospital bankrupt.…
I will be damned if I do not leave behind a planet that is healthy and habitable for our kids and grandkids.
McDonald's made $6 billion in profits last year and paid its CEO $22 million. It damn well can afford to pay its workers a living wage. We will take on greedy corporations and raise wages for workers across this country.
Cancel student debt. All of it. 
When Donald Trump stays silent in the face of religious persecution, repression and brutality, the dangerous message this sends to autocratic leaders around the world is: “Go ahead, you can get away with it.” 
The criminalization of marijuana has been a disaster for communities of color.We will legalize marijuana, expunge past convictions and invest revenue from legal marijuana back into those communities. 
Medical debt does not exist in other major countries. When I am president it won't exist in the U.S. either. 
There is no freedom without economic security. When we are in the White House, we will guarantee all of our people the right to a decent-paying job, a secure retirement, a good education, affordable housing, a clean environment and quality health care. Jo 
My friend is right. We are not going to wait any longer for justice and basic rights. The time for a political revolution is now. 
We have a corrupt criminal justice system where if you're a kid caught selling marijuana, you go to jail, but if you're a fossil fuel CEO who knowingly destroys the planet and harms thousands of people, nothing happens to you. That's a system I intend to change.
When your house is on fire, you don't worry about the cost of calling the fire department.It's time to do the same with health care. We will pass Medicare for All so no one will be afraid to call an ambulance due to the cost.
 There are lots of kinds of debt that are immoral, exploitative and deeply unjust (and several presidential candidates are ad…
This is an emergency: medical debt is ruining lives across the country. We are going to eliminate it.  warning: suicide 
Getting sick is not a crime. 
 Nina Dang was billed $20,243 by the Zuckerberg SF General Hospital after a bicycle accident. It's time to 
Here is my promise: when we are in the White House we will fight to make sure that no one in America goes bankrupt because they got sick. We will  And we have a plan to do that. 
 The U.S is the only major country on earth where you can lose your house, car or have your wages garnished because you c…
Eliminate medical debt.
In the United States of America, the wealthiest country in the history of the world, one illness or disease should not ruin a family’s financial life and future. 
 
 Going to the doctor should never be the reason anyone in our country should be in debt. Our health and lives are priceless.…
 Over 400,000 Iowans have past due medical debt. It’s time to lift them of that burden and  
 We shouldn't have to use gofundme to help our friends and neighbors get out from under medical debt, when we are in the…
We're going to  How would that change your life?
 When my aunt got breast cancer, that should have been her only concern. Not paying for the $95k bill that came after her fi…
 The medical bills for my daughter's birth and NICU stay totaled over $100k, and they still follow me to this day. Tim…
When we are in the White House, no one will go bankrupt from seeking the care they need to survive. Chip in right now to show you support our plan to eliminate ALL medical debt.
When we are in the White House, no one will go bankrupt from seeking the care they need to survive. Chip in right now to show you support our plan to eliminate ALL medical debt.
When we are in the White House, no one will go bankrupt from seeking the care they need to survive. Chip in right now to show you support our plan to eliminate ALL medical debt.
 Medical debt should not exist. Here is plan to  new this morning:
If we can bail out Wall Street and give obscene tax breaks to corporations, then we sure as hell can cancel all medical debt.But it’s going to take a movement to get it done. Please donate to help us win this election, cancel medical debt, and transform this country.
If we can bail out Wall Street and give obscene tax breaks to corporations, then we sure as hell can cancel all medical debt.But it’s going to take a movement to get it done. Please donate to help us win this election, cancel medical debt, and transform this country.
If we can bail out Wall Street and give obscene tax breaks to corporations, then we sure as hell can cancel all medical debt.But it’s going to take a movement to get it done. Please donate to help us win this election, cancel medical debt, and transform this country.
 Nearly half of Americans fear a major medical event could lead to their bankruptcy.That is unacceptable. Under Bernie’s…
When we are in the White House, we are going to eliminate all of the $81 billion in past-due medical debt. All of it. But we can’t get there without you. Big Pharma and the insurance industry will spend whatever it takes to defeat us. Chip in to help us take them on and WIN.
When we are in the White House, we are going to eliminate all of the $81 billion in past-due medical debt. All of it. But we can’t get there without you. Big Pharma and the insurance industry will spend whatever it takes to defeat us. Chip in to help us take them on and WIN.
When we are in the White House, we are going to eliminate all of the $81 billion in past-due medical debt. All of it. But we can’t get there without you. Big Pharma and the insurance industry will spend whatever it takes to defeat us. Chip in to help us take them on and WIN.
The largest share of medical debt is held by 27-year-olds who lose access to their parents’ insurance after age 26. We're going to  and give people back their future.
CANCEL 👏ALL 👏MEDICAL 👏DEBT👏. If you agree, please chip in to help us win this election, cancel medical debt, and transform this country.
CANCEL 👏ALL 👏MEDICAL 👏DEBT👏. If you agree, please chip in to help us win this election, cancel medical debt, and transform this country.
CANCEL 👏ALL 👏MEDICAL 👏DEBT👏. If you agree, please chip in to help us win this election, cancel medical debt, and transform this country.
 
We asked people to tell us their most absurd medical bill. The responses were unbelievable. We have got to end the disgrace of medical bills ruining lives. We will pass Medicare for All and  
One in six Americans has medical debt.When you get sick, you should focus on getting better — not dealing with debt collectors.We will eliminate all past-due medical debt in America. 
79 million Americans are burdened by medical debt for the “crime” of getting sick. We’re going to eliminate all past-due medical debt.  
Two years ago Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico. The climate crisis is only going to make disasters worse. We need a Green New Deal in order to build the future the Puerto Rican people deserve. 
I stand with the members of rallying today in California to to ensure that values their workers. Frontier must keep their promises and uphold union contracts. 
This is a time to take on powerful special interests that control our political and economic life. When we're in the White House that is exactly what we are going to do. Join our rally live in South Carolina: 
I’m proud to be the candidate for anyone who believes health care must be guaranteed as a right for all. 
No other campaign has ever reached 1 million individual donors as quickly as ours—because the American people are ready for a political revolution that defeats Trump, takes on the billionaire class and creates a country that works for all of us. 
Our campaign has 1 million donors—and not a single one of them are billionaires.Most common age: 29Most common employers: Walmart, Starbucks, AmazonMost common occupation: TeacherThis is a campaign built by the working class. 
 As workers were on the picket lines Monday night, GM decided to terminate insurance coverage for thousands of UAW members and thei…
I stand in solidarity with all of the out on strike today. They are striking so that we all can receive the care and treatment we deserve. Their fight is our fight. 
 We had a lot of visitors from the administration in LA this week, but it was who just delivered a thoughtf…
We building a movement that is going to sweep Trump and all he represents out of office. Join our town hall at Bennett College in North Carolina: 
  stopped by the  in Greensboro, NC 
Our planet is at stake. We are ready to take on the fossil fuel industry, pass a Green New Deal and create 20 million jobs. I'm proud to join students today in Greensboro as part of the global  
Thank you to UNC-Chapel Hill for helping us kick off our college tour this weekend! Young people are far more powerful than they realize, and together we'll transform this country. 
When it comes to protecting our planet from greedy fossil fuel companies who want to profit off its destruction, there is no middle ground. We believe the scientists and we will pass a Green New Deal. 
 Tonight! Watch it live:What could a Bernie Sanders presidency mean for racial justice?7:30pm EST at 
Congratulations to on running a campaign to lift up working people and push for bold solutions we need, including making health care a right through Medicare for All.
It's simple: our campaign is about taking on the powerful, wealthy special interests in order to help working people.
Thank you to all the students at University and around the country for your insight and questions at today's MSNBC Climate Forum. Young people are building the movement we desperately need to save our planet. 
 WATCH: on his plan to give workers in the fossil fuel industries a “just transition:” “What we're saying…
 In a statement to in response to this report said:“Mr Bluhm is right -- the Democratic Party I represe…
In order to defeat Donald Trump we need to generate excitement among voters and turn out millions of young people. I believe our campaign is going to do just that. 
Fossil fuel executives knowingly caused incredible damage to the planet. We are going to hold them accountable. 
What our campaign is about is bringing millions of young people into the political process for the first time to defeat Trump and transform the country. Join me live in North Carolina: 
This is a company that just cut off health care for 49,000 workers and their families in retaliation for striking. A total disgrace. 
Donald Trump is an ally of the fossil fuel executives.In case you haven't heard, I am not an ally of fossil fuel executives. We will hold them accountable for their role in the climate crisis.
 Time lapse of the line of students waiting to get into the rally on the UNC Chapel Hill campus. This is the f…
Nurses are the backbone of our health care system. I stand with the 2,200 nurses set to strike tomorrow in Chicago and trust them when it comes to knowing what is best for their patients. 
This is astonishing.1 million donors have given to our campaign, faster than any in history. We've now received more than 2.5 million contributions.We are the only campaign with more support than Trump. We will defeat him and build a country that works for all of us. 
 Sanders’ campaign manager sent a letter to the DNC urging it to demand that New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo approves legislation t…
This campaign condemns racist bullying and harassment of any kind, in any space. We are building a multiracial movement for justice — that’s how we win the White House.
 This is a thorough/comprehensive plan to achieve the economic right of housing for all. I encourage you to take the ti…
Remember four years ago when we talked about making public colleges and universities tuition-free, and people called us "radical and extreme"? Not anymore.When we stand together and have a bold vision for the future, real change can happen. 
We cannot transform this country without getting millions of young people involved in the political process. Join us on our college tour this weekend! 
We are so close to reaching 1 million donors. Close enough that if you contribute right now, you could become the 1 millionth donor to this campaign. Can we count on you to chip in today? 
Our corporate-run health care system means that families are living in terror because they are exercising their constitutional right to strike. Medicare for All now. 
Rush a donation to be a part of history! We are set to hit 1,000,000 individual donors to our campaign at some point in the next 24 hours, and it will be faster than any campaign ever.Donate right now before we hit this history milestone!
Rush a donation to be a part of history! We are set to hit 1,000,000 individual donors to our campaign at some point in the next 24 hours, and it will be faster than any campaign ever.Donate right now before we hit this history milestone!
Rush a donation to be a part of history! We are set to hit 1,000,000 individual donors to our campaign at some point in the next 24 hours, and it will be faster than any campaign ever.Donate right now before we hit this history milestone!
Just 24 hours left to help Bernie make history! We are on track to pass the reach million donors by tomorrow, which will be faster than any campaign in American politics! Be a part of it and rush a donation right now.
Just 24 hours left to help Bernie make history! We are on track to pass the reach million donors by tomorrow, which will be faster than any campaign in American politics! Be a part of it and rush a donation right now.
Just 24 hours left to help Bernie make history! We are on track to pass the reach million donors by tomorrow, which will be faster than any campaign in American politics! Be a part of it and rush a donation right now.
We're getting very close to reaching 1 million donors to this campaign. When we do, we are going to create a Donor Wall at campaign headquarters with names of everyone who helped us get there.Contribute today to put your name on our Donor Wall: 
Because of GM's outrageous greed, 49,000 workers went on strike. So GM cut off their health benefits.This is why we need Medicare for All—so no one will ever lose coverage.Medicare for All means freedom, including freedom to strike. 
 2020 praise from comes today to for his new housing plan"I appreciate Senator Sanders offe…
 "We need a  historic, grassroots-sourced plan includes:💥Millions of social homes💥M…
The climate crisis will affect every area of our lives, including housing. Guaranteeing green, affordable housing as a right through the Green New Deal is not only morally necessary, it is overwhelmingly popular with the American people.  
We are all thinking of Ady today. Thank you for never backing down in the fight to guarantee health care to all people. 
My parents never made much money, but we kept a roof over our heads because we lived in a rent-controlled apartment.Landlords cannot be allowed to raise rents to whatever they want, whenever they want.We need national rent control. 
 😮 housing plan directs $50 billion to community land trusts.And lots, lots more. Like $1.48 trillion (trill…
This is the richest country in the history of the world. No one in America should be homeless. 
 New: Bernie Sanders has announced his "Housing for All" plan this a.m. In it, Sanders is proposing a national rent cap…
 Another day, another bold housing plan from a leading presidential candidate! Thank you for laying out your…
There are 3,000+ counties in the United States. A minimum wage worker can afford to rent a one-bedroom home in just 28 of them.That is a national crisis.My  plan will build the nearly 10 million new housing units our nation needs to guarantee housing as a right.
 New: unveils $2.5 trillion "Housing for All" plan to "guarantee every American... a safe, decent, accessible…
 This plan will have an outsized effect in CA, where the twin crises of affordability and homelessness have reached a breakin…
 It's here!  This intro is 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 
We have an affordable housing crisis and Trump is making it much worse.That is why today we are proposing the most progressive housing plan in history.Safe, decent, affordable housing should not be a privilege. It should be a right. 
It comes as no surprise that Donald Trump's racism and xenophobia knows no bounds. I look forward to continue working with Rep. Omar long after Trump loses in 2020. 
Time is running out to be one of our first million donors! We are VERY close to reaching the 1 million mark, which we’re trying hard to hit faster than any campaign ever has. Be a part of history and help us hit 1 million donors by chipping in today.
Time is running out to be one of our first million donors! We are VERY close to reaching the 1 million mark, which we’re trying hard to hit faster than any campaign ever has. Be a part of history and help us hit 1 million donors by chipping in today.
Time is running out to be one of our first million donors! We are VERY close to reaching the 1 million mark, which we’re trying hard to hit faster than any campaign ever has. Be a part of history and help us hit 1 million donors by chipping in today.
Rush a contribution to be one of our first million campaign donors! Donate right now before we hit this historic milestone – we’re getting close!
Rush a contribution to be one of our first million campaign donors! Donate right now before we hit this historic milestone – we’re getting close!
Rush a contribution to be one of our first million campaign donors! Donate right now before we hit this historic milestone – we’re getting close!
When I was a young man I had a job pushing crates of soda onto a truck from a warehouse, and my wages were very good. When I asked someone why, they said, “You’re working at a Teamsters shop.” 
 A note to anyone who wants to use union members as a wedge to oppose  has one of the best plans in…
Ban assault weapons. 
 The autoworkers on strike shouldn’t have to fight for basic healthcare. With Medicare for All, they wi…
It is not Congress that regulates the pharmaceutical industry. It is the pharmaceutical industry that regulates Congress.
This is cruel, outrageous and a blatant attempt to force the union into submission. It is the type of corporate greed that the American people are sick and tired of. I say to GM: Restore the health care benefits that your workers have earned and deserve. 
  has drawn the most applause at  “Together we are going to end a corrupt political system t…
  speaks to the at  
We are going to create a government and economy that work for all of us, not just the 1%. Join me live now at the Workers' Presidential Summit.  
 "organize, organize, organize!"we win, when we organize. fam, we're headed to   
"I am alive today not because of insurance companies but despite them."Private insurance companies exist to make as much profit as possible, not keep people alive. We must pass Medicare for All and end the disgrace of our corporate-run system.
The most common employer of our donors: WalmartThe most common profession of our donors: TeachersThis is a campaign of, by and for the working class. And when we win, we are going to take that movement to the White House.
The War on Drugs has been a disaster. It is time to legalize marijuana nationwide. 
It is impossible to take on the greed and corruption of the corporate elite if you’re taking their money.
We are going to defeat Donald Trump because—unlike the president—we are on the side of the working class, not the billionaires.
 Teachers have played such a vital role in my children's life, especially true for my children in special education. They…
When one person says “I can’t afford to go to the doctor,” millions of people nod their heads because that is the reality facing people in this country.When we are in the White House, we are going to guarantee health care for all with no co-pays, premiums or deductibles.
 “Somebody’s gotta do something, and I guess that somebody is me. It’s up to us.” Look at what we can do, together.
 So proud to fight with Bernie for our teachers, and campaign on Bernie’s Thurgood Marshall plan for education, the most comp…
 “we want to be treated like human beings.” 
 Our political revolution is lead by teachers all over this country ✊🏽 It’s time they be heard and paid what they deserve! h…
 Across the country strikes are happening. People are standing up and saying, "enough is enough"When workers are on the p…
 New digital ad today from the first in West Virginia from a 2020 candidate 
People are sick and tired of a rigged system where the top 1% gets massive tax breaks while 1 in 6 U.S. teachers work second jobs.We are not going to take it any more.We are going to raise teacher pay to $60,000 a year and invest in education nationwide. 
Pharmaceutical companies don't donate to our campaign and we don't want their money. We want to take on their greed and slash Americans' prescription drug costs in half.
It is unacceptable to me that 18 million American families pay over half of their income toward housing.It is unacceptable to me that 500,000 Americans are homeless.I believe every American has a fundamental right to safe, decent and affordable housing. 
⚡️“Bernie Asks: What Was Your Most Absurd Medical Bill?” Thousands of people shared their health care horror stories. Read the replies. This is why we fight for Medicare for All.  
Trump promised he would bring down the cost of your prescriptions.He lied, and drug companies continue to kill Americans with their greed.I have no intention of letting them continue to get away with murder. We will stand up to Big Pharma and cut drug prices in half.
  is the first candidate to commit to a moratorium on all deportations upon taking office. ✅Stopping d…
The corporate greed of the Sackler family killed thousands and ruined the lives of millions. It’s unacceptable that Purdue Pharma could escape full public accountability through corporate bankruptcy, and its executives who broke the law should go to prison.
The greed of General Motors:-CEO makes 281x their average worker-Pays nothing in federal income taxes-Got a $514 million tax break from TrumpI stand with the 49,000 GM workers who just went on strike. Together we are going to end outrageous corporate greed.
Or just pass Medicare for All. 
Please read these replies. Our corporate-run health care system is killing Americans and drowning people in debt. We need Medicare for All, which will eliminate premiums, co-pays, and deductibles and guarantee coverage to all. 
 1/3 Was reading all the Presidential candidates platforms on affordable housing/rent control + listening to
If you can't afford to take care of your veterans, then don't go to war.
 So many of my constituents have lost homes- even gone homeless- by unfair rent hikes. But Texas bans local rent control. Tha…
In the United States of America, one job should be enough to earn a decent living.
What our campaign is about is bringing millions of young people into the political process for the first time to defeat Trump and transform the country. Join me live in South Carolina: 
This is what I mean by a rigged economy:Millions of Americans are falling into debt because they can't afford their prescription drugs.Meanwhile, drugmakers make huge profits off medication developed with taxpayer-funded research.
We must treat undocumented people with dignity. When we are in the White House, we will end the ICE raids which are terrorizing communities all across this country and impose a moratorium on deportations.
I am proud to support the workers who are standing up to the greed of GM. Our message to GM is a simple one: End the greed, sit down with the UAW and work out an agreement that treats your workers with the respect and the dignity they deserve. 
The revelations today confirm what we already knew: During his hearing, Kavanaugh faced credible accusations and likely lied to Congress. I support any appropriate constitutional mechanism to hold him accountable.
Supreme Court justices are not above the law. Someone who sits in judgment over the nation should have the highest integrity.
As a federal judge who overwhelmingly sided with corporate power and Wall Street, Brett Kavanaugh should never have been nominated.
At a time when their behavior is literally killing people, America needs a president who isn’t going to appease and compliment drug companies. We need a president who will take on the pharmaceutical industry – whether they like it or not. That is exactly what we will do.
I disagree with Joe Biden. The pharmaceutical companies are greedy, corrupt and engaged in price fixing. 
Congratulations to Fiesta Henderson workers and You deserve the strength and stability that a union brings. This is how we are going to rebuild the middle class all across America. 
I believe in the "radical" idea that young people should be excited about their future. That's why we are going to ensure college for all, cancel student debt, and pass a Green New Deal to guarantee a healthy and habitable planet. Join us live in Las Vega 
What’s the most absurd medical bill you have ever received?
Landlords should not be able to simply raise rents to any level they want, any time they want.
When I was mayor of Burlington, we were the first municipality in America to implement a community land trust.The concept is now successfully used throughout the country and the world.We'll invest $50 billion in land trust housing to enable 1 million households to own homes.
Our campaign is about bringing people together.  We have a president fueling a divisive climate that emboldens racists and xenophobes.  Together, we are going to defeat Donald Trump and his bigotry. 
Housing must be a right. We will:✅Build and rehabilitate 7.4 million affordable housing units✅Build 2 million mixed-income units✅Enact a national rent control standard✅End homelessness✅Fully fund Section 8 vouchers
  previews upcoming housing policy. Plan includes:• Expand National Affordable Housing Trust Fund to constru…
Wall Street got a multi-trillion dollar bailout with no strings attached, but the federal government did virtually nothing to help struggling Americans keep their homes.My administration will be looking out for working families, not the billionaires who control Wall Street.
Unlike Trump, I did not grow up in a wealthy family.My family lived in a rent-controlled building—and that most minimal form of economic security was crucial for our family.All families should have that. We need a national rent control standard.
Decent housing should not be a privilege, it should be a right. Join me live in Nevada now: 
No one should profit off the incarceration of other human beings.When I am president, we will ban for-profit prisons and detention centers nationwide.Congratulations to California on this important step in reforming our criminal justice system. 
You don't pull out your wallet when the fire department shows up to save your house.The same should be true of health care.That is why we need Medicare for All — which eliminates premiums, co-pays and deductibles.
 This is why corporate “choice” health plans are unacceptable, and why we must fight for  plans are merely…
 "I have Huntington's Disease. I'm in stage four. I can barely take care of myself. And I do not have the energy to fight…
This is painful to hear. But there are millions of people like John facing an unimaginable burden due to the cost of medical care. This is why we fight for Medicare for All.Content warning: suicide 
Canceling all student debt will not only help those with student loans. It will help all of us — by boosting our economy by $1 trillion over the next 10 years and creating up to 1.5 million new jobs every year.
Jeff Bezos is worth over $110 billion. Amazon pays $0 in federal income taxes. Yet Bezos just cut health care for 2,000 part-time Whole Food workers.That is what unfettered greed looks like.We're going to make the wealthy pay their fair share and guarantee health care to all.
One of the reasons I fight for Medicare for All is because I believe we all share a common humanity.If your family is in pain, so is mine. If your kids are hurting, that affects me as well.We are a better nation than one that simply leaves the poor, sick and unlucky to die.
We're going to  and make all public colleges, universities and trade schools tuition-free. Join us now in Reno: 
Some in Washington say I am too angry about our broken health care system. I hear stories like this every day in America. My question is: why aren't they angry about it? 
We have a criminal justice system which is racist, broken, and must be fundamentally reformed. 
 As latinos, we cannot afford to stay home this election. We have too much to lose! Join me this Sunday at 8pm for a special…
I simply don't believe in having a health care system where insurance and pharmaceutical corporations make billions in profits while thousands die because they can't afford care.
We are the strongest campaign to defeat Donald Trump. Join us live in Carson City, Nevada: 
Solitary confinement is unconstitutional and a form of torture. It must be abolished.
School support staff ensure our kids have a safe and healthy learning environment. They deserve fair pay and benefits. I congratulate on securing this contract for staff in Clark County. 
 This support from means a great deal to our members, our family and the work we do in school communit…
I stand with the educators and support staff of and in their fight for the schools Chicago's students deserve. It's unconscionable for wealthy corporations to receive massive tax breaks while children go without school nurses and librarians. 
I'm proud to sign the Down Ballot Pledge. In order to create a government that works for all of us, we must invest in rebuilding the Democratic Party at every level and bring new people into the political process.  
Here’s a list of all the people I’ve met who love their health insurance premiums:There aren’t any.
Your ability to get health care should not be dependent on the whims of your employer. It should be guaranteed under Medicare for All. 
I know what it's like to grow up in a family that lives paycheck to paycheck. That is something I will never forget.  
 The greatest international threat we face - like said back during the 2016 primary - is not military in nat…
Cancel all student debt. 
Every teacher in America must make at least $60,000 a year. 
I believe in guaranteeing health care as a right.I believe we should not be the only major country not to provide paid family leave.I believe every worker deserves a living wage.I believe in an economy that works for all of us. 
I never believed Cheney and Bush. Unlike Joe Biden, not only did I vote against the Iraq War, I led the fight to prevent it. 
As President, I will not be intimidated by the NRA. 
Ban assault weapons.
Maybe other candidates run into people who love their premiums. I haven’t. 
  "yes, we will address the catastrophic crisis of climate change and transform our energy system away from…
End medical bankruptcy.  
 is exactly right. 
Joe Biden, you have to defend the fact that under the current system 500,000 Americans are going bankrupt because they got sick.We need a system that covers everyone with no out of pocket costs. 
 I pay $9,000 per month for the cost of full-time care, I'm grateful for the Affordable Care Act, but the status q…
If you want comprehensive health care, if you want freedom of choice with your doctor, if you want to end the greed of the pharmaceutical industry, I’ve got a plan for that.It’s called Medicare for All. 
Maintaining the status-quo, as Joe Biden wants, will cost $59 trillion over 10 years.Medicare for All will save the American people $2 trillion. No premiums, no deductibles, no co-pays, and everyone will be covered. 
Bernie's up at the  
We are about to make history and I want you to be a part of it. Our campaign is trying to reach 1 million campaign donors faster than any campaign in American politics, and we are VERY close. Can you make a contribution right now to become one of our first million donors?
Help us make history by reaching 1 million donors faster than any campaign in American politics. We’re getting very close, and I want you to be a part of it.
Can we put your name on our grassroots Donor Wall? Only the first 1 million donors will be on this wall in our headquarters. We’re getting VERY close to that number, so time is running out to secure your spot.
Make a donation of any amount to get your name on our grassroots Donor Wall. We only have space for the first 1 million donors, and we’re getting pretty close to hitting that milestone, so donate today to save your spot!
All school meals should be free to children.
The 99: Debate Watch Party at Bernie 2020 HQ. Donate at  
I am proud to stand with and take the Fossil Fuel Free Cabinet pledge. We need an administration that is going to guarantee a habitable planet to the American people—not one that represents the interests of fossil fuel corporations. 
What I said in 1992 is even more true today: The United States must lead the world in fighting our common enemy of climate change. 
Medical bills pushed 8 million Americans into poverty last year.Getting sick is not a crime. But our health care system today acts like it is.We will pass Medicare for All and end this disgrace. 
We are about to make history and I want you to be a part of it. Our campaign is trying to reach 1 million campaign donors faster than any campaign in American politics, and we are VERY close. Can you make a contribution right now to become one of our first million donors?
We are about to make history and I want you to be a part of it. Our campaign is trying to reach 1 million campaign donors faster than any campaign in American politics, and we are VERY close. Can you make a contribution right now to become one of our first million donors?
We are about to make history and I want you to be a part of it. Our campaign is trying to reach 1 million campaign donors faster than any campaign in American politics, and we are VERY close. Can you make a contribution right now to become one of our first million donors?
Help us make history by reaching 1 million donors faster than any campaign in American politics. We’re getting very close, and I want you to be a part of it.
Help us make history by reaching 1 million donors faster than any campaign in American politics. We’re getting very close, and I want you to be a part of it.
Help us make history by reaching 1 million donors faster than any campaign in American politics. We’re getting very close, and I want you to be a part of it.
Can we put your name on our grassroots Donor Wall? Only the first 1 million donors will be on this wall in our headquarters. We’re getting VERY close to that number, so time is running out to secure your spot.
Can we put your name on our grassroots Donor Wall? Only the first 1 million donors will be on this wall in our headquarters. We’re getting VERY close to that number, so time is running out to secure your spot.
Can we put your name on our grassroots Donor Wall? Only the first 1 million donors will be on this wall in our headquarters. We’re getting VERY close to that number, so time is running out to secure your spot.
Make a donation of any amount to get your name on our grassroots Donor Wall. We only have space for the first 1 million donors, and we’re getting pretty close to hitting that milestone, so donate today to save your spot!
Make a donation of any amount to get your name on our grassroots Donor Wall. We only have space for the first 1 million donors, and we’re getting pretty close to hitting that milestone, so donate today to save your spot!
Make a donation of any amount to get your name on our grassroots Donor Wall. We only have space for the first 1 million donors, and we’re getting pretty close to hitting that milestone, so donate today to save your spot!
Are you truly free if you work three jobs because you can’t find one with a decent wage?Are you free if health care is unaffordable?Are you free if you can't afford an education?There is no freedom without economic freedom. 
People will die because of this policy. When we are in the White House we will live up to our ideals as a nation and accept those seeking refuge from violence and persecution. 
You cannot be on the side of the insurance and drug companies in this country and also be on the side of the American people.
Tonight is the third Democratic debate and there are hundreds of Bernie 2020 watch parties happening across the country. Find one year you: 
This is Trump's "booming" economy for working families:-Majority of workers live paycheck to paycheck-Nearly half of older Americans have nothing saved for retirement-20% of Americans can't afford to see a doctorBut the billionaire class continues to get richer.
Why do we have people working 40 hours a week and can’t afford to feed their kids? The answer is pretty simple: wages in America are too damn low.
Fracking is a danger to our water supply and the air we breathe. It causes earthquakes. It’s highly explosive. To avert the climate crisis, we must ban fracking. We explain why on the new   
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before tomorrow's debate. Don't miss your chance to get on the list and make a donation right now.
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before tomorrow's debate. Don't miss your chance to get on the list and make a donation right now.
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before tomorrow's debate. Don't miss your chance to get on the list and make a donation right now.
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before tomorrow's debate. Don't miss your chance to get on the list and make a donation right now.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before tomorrow's debate. Don't miss your chance to get on the list and make a donation right now.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before tomorrow's debate. Don't miss your chance to get on the list and make a donation right now.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before tomorrow's debate. Don't miss your chance to get on the list and make a donation right now.
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before tomorrow's debate. Don't miss your chance to get on the list and make a donation right now.
Before the debate tomorrow night, find a Bernie 2020 watch party near you! Go to  to find one and meet with others who are part of our movement to defeat Trump and transform the country.
The only way Donald Trump will be defeated is if young people are given a reason to turn out to vote in record numbers. I have zero doubt that is what we are going to do.
Uber’s drivers are employees, not independent contractors. Large corporations will do anything to get out of paying workers a decent wage and offering them good benefits. That will end when we are in the White House. 
Rounding up our homeless neighbors is not a solution.The crisis of homelessness has only gotten worse under the Trump administration. When we are in the White House we will make decent, safe, and affordable housing a right for all. 
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before tomorrow's debate. Don't miss your chance to get on the list and make a donation right now.
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before tomorrow's debate. Don't miss your chance to get on the list and make a donation right now.
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before tomorrow's debate. Don't miss your chance to get on the list and make a donation right now.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before tomorrow's debate. Don't miss your chance to get on the list and make a donation right now.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before tomorrow's debate. Don't miss your chance to get on the list and make a donation right now.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before tomorrow's debate. Don't miss your chance to get on the list and make a donation right now.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tomorrow, we’re sending him a list of everyone who’s chipped in to become an official Debate Donor.Can you make a contribution to show Bernie you’ve got his back in this critical moment?
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before tomorrow's debate. Don't miss your chance to get on the list and make a donation right now.
We’re giving Bernie a list of everyone who’s made a donation to stand with him before tomorrow's debate. Don't miss your chance to get on the list and make a donation right now.
55% of associates struggle with hunger.Massive corporations like Walmart shouldn’t be allowed to pay workers wages so low that their employees struggle to survive.We are going to raise wages and end their corporate greed.
Unlike Donald Trump, I know what it's like to be in a family that lives paycheck to paycheck.
We must envision a new form of American engagement: one in which we lead not in war-making but in finding shared solutions to shared global challenges. U.S. power should be measured not by our ability to blow things up, but to bring people together around our common humanity.
This endless war has damaged America's global standing. It has scarred a generation. It has corroded our politics. It has cost American taxpayers nearly $6 trillion. And it has produced more terrorists. We must end this endless war.
Instead of staying focused on those who attacked us, the Bush administration chose to declare a global “war on terror” in order justify its 2003 invasion of Iraq, a country that had nothing to do with the 9/11 attacks. The war on terror has turned into an endless war.
In the nearly two decades since the 9/11 terrorist attacks, the United States has made a series of costly blunders that have not only weakened our democracy but also undermined our leadership.
Today, we remember the thousands of lives lost on September 11, 2001, and the bravery of first responders who put their lives at risk to save others.The attacks began an era of endless war for our country and we must change course. 
Netanyahu's proposal to annex occupied territory would violate international law and make a two state solution nearly impossible. All who support Israeli-Palestinian peace must oppose it. 
 BREAKING from the majority of small businesses support  Why? Because it’s good for busine…
Join and live as they talk activism and electoral politics with co-founder of the 
Trump and cowardly Republican governors believe in billionaires buying elections and suppressing the vote. We believe in:☑️Restoring the Voting Rights Act☑️Automatic voter registration☑️Ending gerrymandering☑️Making Election Day a national holidayWe believe in democracy. 
Donald Trump promised to provide health care to everyone in America. Donald Trump is a liar. Instead, he has undermined our health care system at every opportunity.Under Medicare for All, we will bring the uninsured rate down to where it belongs: zero. 
 Cancelling $1.6 trillion student debt will help 45 million Americans. 🏡Buy a house👶🏽Start a family💼Start a business📈Stimula…
Corporate greed is destroying this country and we are going to stop that greed – whether the corporate elites like it or not. 
A symptom of the problem is gone. The root cause of authoritarianism remains. 
Average cost of childbirth in the United States: $32,000Average cost of childbirth with Medicare for All: $0
No kid in America should be shamed because they can’t afford food. We need free, universal school meals. 
 So nice to join and more than 10,000 of our closest friends in Denver tonight. 
This is not a time for a middle ground approach. This is a time to take on powerful special interests that control our political and economic life, and finally build a country that works for working people. Join our rally live in Denver: 
Duct-taping a gaping wound. Skipping doctor's visits for 8 years. Refusing an ambulance due to the cost. This is what a barbaric health care system looks like. We need Medicare for All now. 
Trump and his administration are trying to move this country in an authoritarian direction. 
  thank you for joining the Million Upstander Movement and signing our  pledge! As a national l…
Imagine what your life would be like if your health care was guaranteed, your wages were fair, and an emergency wouldn't mean bankruptcy.What if you weren't up at night worrying about taking care of your family?All Americans deserve to feel that security, not just the rich.
I have never been able to accept that the United States, the richest country on Earth, does not guarantee health care to all its people. I will not stop fighting until we guarantee health care – with no co-pays or deductibles – for all. 
Tonight: join our rally in Denver at Civic Center Park to show Wall Street, special interests, and the billionaire class that we're ready to take them on and build an economy for all of us. 
Greedy insurance companies are working overtime to convince Americans that quality health care for all is an impossible idea.It's not.When you go to a hospital in Canada, the only fee you pay is to park your car.
Children should not go to school fearing for their lives. We are going to end the NRA's reign over Washington and pass the common sense gun safety legislation the American people desperately want. 
Young people today make up the most progressive generation in history. Together we’ll sweep Trump out of office and take that movement to the White House. Join us in organizing on campuses all over this country at  
The current health care system is dysfunctional and destructive. No one should go bankrupt or suffer a financial crisis because they get sick. 
Trump's economy means massive amounts of wealth goes to the top 1% and huge corporations, while working people need 2 or 3 jobs to get by.I don't believe that's what America is about.We'll create an economy that works for all people and make the wealthy pay their fair share.
Unlike Trump, I haven't been bought off by pharmaceutical companies. I'm going to take them on and cut prescription drug prices in half.
Today: tailgate with Bernie at the University of Northern Iowa! Join us in the West Gymnasium, next to Campanile West Lawn. Doors open at 10:30 a.m. and the event starts at 12:00 p.m. 
Donald Trump is going to be a one-term president.
I stand with members in Valpo, who are fighting for their jobs after threatened to close their plant. This kind of corporate greed is simply unacceptable. 
Young people today make up the most progressive generation in history. Together we’ll sweep Trump out of office and take that movement to the White House. Join us in organizing on campuses all over this country at  
 The line outside of rally on the lawn of the Old Capitol in Iowa City, IA 
We are going to make the wealthy and large corporations pay their fair share.
Young people today make up the most progressive generation in history. Together we’ll sweep Trump out of office and take that movement to the White House. Join us in organizing on campuses all over this country at  
In November 2020, Donald Trump will be strongly reminded that the U.S. is a democracy, not an authoritarian society. 
We spend $80 billion a year locking up 2.2 million people.Imagine what we could accomplish if we invested that in education instead of jails and incarceration.As president I will aim to cut incarceration in this country in half.
No one in America should die because they can't afford their medication. I can't believe we have to say that.
Medicare for All means:- No premiums- No co-pays- No deductibles
Betsy DeVos may not agree, but we believe young people should leave school excited about the future—not saddled with tens of thousands of dollars in student debt.We will cancel student debt and make public colleges, universities and trade schools tuition-free.
In 2016 voter turnout was only 46% among voters under 30 compared to 71% of voters over 65.Young people do not think a political system which lets billionaires buy elections works for them.We are going to change that and give them a reason to get involved.
 Thank you for standing with workers 
Congress gives hundreds of billions of dollars to fund our endless wars each year, yet making public college and universities tuition-free is somehow "too radical." I reject that.
The Camp Fire killed at least 85 people and destroyed 14,000 homes.It was the most destructive wildfire in California's history—and climate change is making fires much worse.We will address the climate crisis and pass a Green New Deal. 
I stand with the 3,000 and public servants fighting to provide quality city services to the residents of Oakland. It's unacceptable that 600 positions are currently unfilled. 
Corporations should not be getting massive federal contracts if they pay their workers starvation wages. When I am president that ends.
"I would be so proud to win, but also to make history and elect the first Jewish American president this country has ever seen and for his name to be Bernard Sanders."  
Progress takes place when young people pick up the torch and say, "This is a world we are going to change." 
 How do you know who is really on your side?  Watch myspeech introducing in Brooklyn earlier this week... 
"There has been only one candidate who has been with you the whole time. When Bernie Sanders walks into the White House... we walk into the White House together."  
The average cost of college tuition in:Denmark: $0 / yearFinland: $0 / yearGermany: $0 / yearNorway: $0 /yearPoland: $0 / yearSweden: $0 / yearUnited States: $8,202 / yearCollege for All is not an impossible idea.
Thank you to the heroic members of the who are working around the clock and flying into Hurricane Dorian to give us the forecasts and warnings people need to stay safe.
The Democratic Party must be holding the fossil fuel industry accountable for helping to destroy the planet, not collecting campaign contributions and other donations from them. 
 NEWS: We received this statement from on his response to Justine @ the  so glad he…
College athletes are workers. Pay them. 
To my Republican colleagues who want to go "behind closed doors" to discuss how you will cut Social Security, I have some bad news for you.We’re not going to cut Social Security benefits. We’re going to expand them. 
 “We are fighting for the survival of the planet earth — our only planet. How is this not a major priority?”Thank you
 ICYMI: NEW: campaign rolls out 53 NH ENDORSEMENTS, including 12 elected officials plus community ; labor activ…
Two years ago Trump rescinded the DACA program. Now millions of young people people are living in fear. That is not what this country is about. We will reinstate legal status for DACA recipients and their parents. 
Ways you can lose health coverage under our corporate-run system:-Change jobs-Turn 26-Move to another state-Have a pre-existing condition-Start a business-Get laid off-Get divorced-Retire earlyWays you can lose health coverage under Medicare for All: ㅤ
 Medicare-for-All had a long journey to get on the debate stage on how far we've come since '08 and even '…
Today on The 99: Ask your questions about the Green New Deal and learn how to host a Plan to Win house party 
We need a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights, and that includes a right to decent housing. 
I did not get into politics to figure out how to become president. I got into politics because I give a damn.
It's not enough to defeat Trump. We have to take on all the forces that control our economic and political lives.Join our rally in Denver this Monday, Sept. 9, to show Wall Street, special interests, and the billionaire class the power of our movement: 
 TONIGHT: Seth welcomes and 
People ask me if investing in averting the climate crisis is "realistic." I say:Is it "realistic" to ignore science?Is it "realistic" to stand and watch the planet be destroyed by greedy fossil fuel companies?Is it "realistic" to leave behind a planet that isn't habitable?
I have been proud to stand with ILWU on multiple occasions this year to support their organizing efforts at these veterinary hospitals. I strongly urge and to respect the needs of their workers and resolve this strike. 
Joining every other major country in guaranteeing health care to all is NOT a radical idea. It is the moral, economic, and necessary thing to do.  
Insurance companies want you to believe Medicare for All will throw you off health care and cost more.They're liars.It will guarantee health care to all and save working families thousands of dollars a year.
You + Bernie at the next debate?Contribute before MIDNIGHT TONIGHT and you’ll have a chance to win a pair of tickets, flight and hotel on us!
You + Bernie at the next debate?Contribute before MIDNIGHT TONIGHT and you’ll have a chance to win a pair of tickets, flight and hotel on us!
You + Bernie at the next debate?Contribute before MIDNIGHT TONIGHT and you’ll have a chance to win a pair of tickets, flight and hotel on us!
You + Bernie at the next debate?Contribute before MIDNIGHT TONIGHT and you’ll have a chance to win a pair of tickets, flight and hotel on us!
You + Bernie at the next debate?Contribute before MIDNIGHT TONIGHT and you’ll have a chance to win a pair of tickets, flight and hotel on us!
You + Bernie at the next debate?Contribute before MIDNIGHT TONIGHT and you’ll have a chance to win a pair of tickets, flight and hotel on us!
Don’t miss your shot to join Bernie at next week’s Democratic debate! Make a contribution of ANY amount by midnight and we’ll automatically enter you for a chance to win two tickets, flight and hotel on us.
Don’t miss your shot to join Bernie at next week’s Democratic debate! Make a contribution of ANY amount by midnight and we’ll automatically enter you for a chance to win two tickets, flight and hotel on us.
Don’t miss your shot to join Bernie at next week’s Democratic debate! Make a contribution of ANY amount by midnight and we’ll automatically enter you for a chance to win two tickets, flight and hotel on us.
Don’t miss your shot to join Bernie in Houston for the next debate! Donate any amount before midnight now for a chance to win.
Don’t miss your shot to join Bernie in Houston for the next debate! Donate any amount before midnight now for a chance to win.
Don’t miss your shot to join Bernie in Houston for the next debate! Donate any amount before midnight now for a chance to win.
We cannot throw up our hands in despair and accept our fate as the fossil fuel industry gets rich destroying the planet. We have the power to defeat them.
Thank you for your hospitality and for the chance to discuss how we will build a livable future for our young people and the people of Puerto Rico. Together we will bring millions more people into the political process. 
Young people deserve a livable future and an economy that works for them, not just billionaires. Join a Bernie 2020 College Tailgate:Iowa State University: University of Iowa: University of Northern Iowa:  
"The world a Green New Deal can build is one that fixes a lot of other problems in the economy too."  Green New Deal is our chance to create an economy that truly works for all — hear how on   
 If we had the money to bail out Wall Street from the financial crisis, we can pay for a  Thank you
Nobody wants to look their grandchild in the eye 30 years from now and have them say, “You knew what the scientists were saying in 2019 and you didn’t do anything.” 
Coal miners are not my enemy. The men and women who work on oil rigs are not my enemy. Climate change is my enemy.  
How we fund the  the fossil fuel industry accountable-Revenue from wholesale of renewable energy-Eliminate federal fossil fuel subsidies-Scale back military spending-Tax revenue from 20 million jobs-Make the wealthy pay their fair share
 So happy to hear link funding for  to cuts in military spending because we won't be fighting o…
 Worth remembering that it was who in 2016 debate was the first legit candidate to say that climate change…
Maybe, just maybe, instead of spending more than $1.5 trillion a year on weapons of destruction to kill each other, nations around the world can work together against our common enemy of climate change. 
The fossil fuel industry created the climate crisis. They are going to pay to stop it. 
Donald Trump thinks climate change is a hoax.I may be old fashioned, but I believe in science. 
We must ban all fracking. 
Read the specifics of my Green New Deal plan here: 
We have been fighting to protect our planet from corporate interests for a long time. Now it is time to pass a Green New Deal and uphold our responsibility to our kids and grandkids.  
 Updated climate ranking of the candidates prior to the marathon CNN town halls tonight. 
"Safe fracking" is like "clean coal"—it doesn't exist. We need to ban fracking in America. 
Our enemy is climate change, not coal miners and oil rig workers. We will not leave them behind. That is why the Green New Deal invests in job training, education and benefits for fossil fuel workers. 
We have a corporate health care system that bankrupts hundreds of thousands of people for getting sick. That is barbaric! 
 NEW: calling on all Democratic candidates to support a full fracking BAN on all public and private lands…
The climate crisis is our greatest challenge — and our single greatest opportunity to build a just and equitable future.We're going to pass a Green New Deal and create 20 million good-paying jobs.Tune in to CNN tonight at 8:40 p.m. for my  
Any proposal to avert the climate crisis must include a full fracking ban on public and private lands.
Bernie is coming to Denver, and you won't want to miss it! RSVP now for our Denver Rally with Bernie on Monday, September 9. Tickets are not required, but an RSVP is encouraged.
Bernie is coming to Denver, and you won't want to miss it! RSVP now for our Denver Rally with Bernie on Monday, September 9. Tickets are not required, but an RSVP is encouraged.
Bernie is coming to Denver, and you won't want to miss it! RSVP now for our Denver Rally with Bernie on Monday, September 9. Tickets are not required, but an RSVP is encouraged.
Join Bernie for a rally in Denver on Monday, September 9! RSVP today. Doors open at 4:30 p.m. and the event starts at 6:00 p.m.
Join Bernie for a rally in Denver on Monday, September 9! RSVP today. Doors open at 4:30 p.m. and the event starts at 6:00 p.m.
Join Bernie for a rally in Denver on Monday, September 9! RSVP today. Doors open at 4:30 p.m. and the event starts at 6:00 p.m.
It's not enough to defeat Trump. We need to pass a Green New Deal, create 20 million jobs and save the planet.Donate any amount now and get our new Green New Deal sticker, and tune in to Bernie's Climate Town Hall on CNN tonight at 8:40 pm ET:
Trump and McConnell won't stand up to the NRA even though 93% of Americans support universal background checks.That is pure cowardice.
 If you want to know who the boss really is, then take a min and watch this.  
Here are the cold hard facts of what will happen when we pass The Green New Deal and Medicare for All. We will:- Save the planet- Create 20 million jobs- Guarantee health care for all without copays, deductibles or premiums- End the greed of drug and insurance companies 
Tonight we say thank you to our grassroots donors. We don’t have billionaires, super PACs and corporate interests supporting our campaign — and we don’t want them. We are going to win because we have an unprecedented movement powered by millions of workin 
Fossil fuel corporations and right-wing authoritarians from Brazil to the United States are driving the climate crisis.The only way we can take them on is with a mass movement for a Green New Deal. 
This is the richest country on Earth and we have:-40 million in poverty-34 million with no health insurance-Half our people living paycheck to paycheckI refuse to accept that as normal.
Welcome back to The 99! Tonight, and talk about the Green New Deal and preview tomorrow's CNN Climate Town Hall.  Ask them your questions! 
Remember that the climate crisis is making hurricanes more extreme.Remember who is responsible for that: a handful of fossil fuel executives who are getting rich while millions suffer.We will hold them accountable for their outrageous, destructive greed. 
This is why we need Medicare for All. People who have medical needs should not face financial devastation. 
Thank you Together we're going to finish the political revolution, sweep Trump out of the White House and create a nation that works for all people. 
I applaud the brave Walmart workers who called on the company to stop selling guns. This is a good step, but we still have a gun violence crisis. Mitch McConnell must stop his cowardice, stand up to the NRA and allow Congress to pass common sense gun safety legislation. 
I've got seven beautiful grandchildren. I will be damned if I leave them a world which is not habitable.
 Thank you, and for a very heartfelt conversation about an issue that is affecting every single…
The U.S. is on track to generate 40 times more new oil and gas than Saudi Arabia in the next decade.Let that sink in.If we are going to have a livable planet we must aggressively phase out the use of fossil fuels and end all new fossil fuel infrastructure and exports.
Trump and others with unbelievable wealth are putting future generations at risk to make themselves a little bit wealthier. We need a political revolution that puts human lives over corporate profits. Join me now in New Hampshire: 
Every American should have health care.In order for that to become reality, we have got to take on the immensely powerful insurance and drug companies.Thanks to leaders like I know we will win. 
This  thank unions for:-weekends-8-hour workdays-a minimum wage-paid overtime-breaks during work-the right to strike-child labor laws-workplace safety standardsThe labor movement taught us that when people stand together, they don’t have to beg. They can win.
"Unions have been the only powerful and effective voice working people have ever had in the history of this country.” –Bruce Springsteen
 The street team joining our union sisters and brothers, community organizations, students and local leaders…
Not only will we reverse the damage Trump has done to workers' rights, we will expand those rights and double union membership.  
 A few images from today's solidarity event with during thee  Rally in Hollywood. supporters s…
What is a worker’s line of defense? It is the right to strike.It is time to ensure that federal workers have the same rights  as private sector workers, including the right to strike. 
I am not only going to be Commander in Chief. I will be Organizer in Chief. We are going to rally the American people and stand up to the greed of the corporate elite. 
When billionaires spend millions of dollars lobbying for so-called “right to work” for less laws, they are waging a war on workers.We will end, once and for all, the disastrous “right to work” laws in 28 states by repealing section 14(b) of the Taft-Hartley Act. 
Donald Trump abandoned the labor movement because he knows that unions are the last line of defense against the greed of his billionaire friends. When we are in the White House, we will double union membership in America. Happy Labor Day from New Hampshir 
Every person in this country must have the right to:-A decent job and a living wage-Quality health care-A complete education-Affordable housing-A clean environment-A secure retirementIt's time for a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights.
I hear a lot in the corporate media about how Medicare for All is just "too expensive."You know what is too expensive? Paying $28,000 a year for health insurance – the average for a family of four.That is really damn expensive! And it's going to end under Medicare for All.
Tune in tomorrow morning to watch my interview with We are going to end the greed of our corporate-run health care system and finally guarantee health care for all. 
 Today, thousands of supporters are out in full force in over 60 Labor Day events, proving we put our val…
 Thank you for your historic first as a presidential candidate with a union campaign!   
When workers try to unionize, what do private employers do?➡️ 75% hire consultants to run anti-union campaigns➡️ 63% force employees to hear anti-union propaganda➡️ 54% threaten workersWe are going to end the attacks on workers' right to organize. 
When we talk about a climate crisis this is what we mean.Our people are in danger. And it's only going to get worse.We have no choice but to pass a Green New Deal. 
This campaign is about standing with working people everywhere against corporate greed. This Labor Day, join a  action near you! Find one at 
The 40-year war against workers waged by corporate America and the billionaire class must come to an end.  
Trump knows that if he can divide us up, he wins. We won’t let him. We will stand together to create a country based on justice. Join us live in Maine: 
Donald Trump says climate change is not a serious issue. Allow me to respectfully disagree with our "stable genius" president—I happen to believe the scientists. 
This is not a time for a middle ground approach. This is a time to take on powerful special interests that control our political and economic life, and finally build a country that works for working people. Join our rally live in New Hampshire: 
We must speak out at hate crimes and violence targeted at the Muslim community and call it what it is—domestic terrorism. 
Insurance doesn’t mean a damn thing if it doesn’t cover you when you need to be covered. 
If you don’t believe in climate change you should not be in Congress.
If you go to a hospital in Canada, the only fee you pay is to park your car. It is time to guarantee health care as a right in the United States. 
We must end the sale and distribution of assault weapons.This is what the American people want.The reason that Congress is not acting is very simple: the Republican Party is intimidated by the NRA.
Corporations should not profit off suffering of incarcerated people and their families. My Justice and Safety for All plan is going to end that disgraceful profiteering. 
You can’t change a corrupt system by taking its money.
244 days.279 mass shooting incidents.Enough is enough. We must take on the NRA and end the epidemic of gun violence in this country.
Billionaires and large corporations oppose us because they know they can't buy us. We don't want their money.Our campaign has received 2.5 million contributions from people around the country. That is what a movement to defeat Trump and transform America looks like.
Georgia and South Carolina, please be safe. If you are in Hurricane Dorian's projected path, visit  for information on how to prepare.
The issue of hatred and prejudice is personal for me. All of us must speak out forcefully whenever we see prejudice and discrimination. Live from  
 Bernie Sanders at ISNA conference just said "India's action [in Kashmir] is unacceptable," criticizing its crackdown in Kas…
We must speak out when we have a president and an administration who believe that “Islam hates us.”We must speak out at hate crimes and violence targeted at the Muslim community - and call it what it is - domestic terrorism. 
The issue of hatred and prejudice is personal for me. All of us must speak out forcefully whenever we see prejudice and discrimination. Live from  
Working people are angry and they have a right to be angry.Their government and economy are rigged against them so the phenomenally wealthy can get even wealthier. I think it's about time we had a government that works for the working class. 
I'm a boxing fan, but that's not the only reason why Muhammad Ali is a hero of mine. It was also the incredible courage he showed outside the ring. 
We must speak out when we have a president and an administration who believe that “Islam hates us." Thank you to our grassroots donors from the Muslim community. Together, we will end the discrimination, end the divisiveness and we will bring our nation t 
 I’m headed to  for If you’re there: we have a booth; come say hi! Then join us tomorrow (Sunday)…
Secretary DeVos, your job is to defend our students, not sell them out to predatory for-profit colleges.My Secretary of Education will stand with students and families to cancel all student debt and make all public colleges tuition-free.
Looking forward to joining my friends at and for their forum at   - the largest gathering of Muslim Americans in North America - today in Houston. Watch the livestream here: 
 NEWS: The Bernie 2020 campaign has just sent a detailed letter to editor demanding a retracti…
Our lives, our existence, should be about more than just the accumulation of more and more wealth. 
Betsy DeVos and for-profit charter schools are breaking our promise to students with disabilities. That will end when we are in the White House. 
It is nothing less than barbaric that the leading cause of bankruptcy in America is medical debt.These people didn't spend all their money on luxury items. Their crime was that they got sick.We are going to cancel all $81 billion in existing past-due medical debt.
 Medicare for All is about more benefits, less costs, coverage for everyone, and more jobs. It’s that simple! h…
I don’t know how many times I have to say it, but I’ll keep saying it until it happens:1) All people must have a right to health care2) Insurance companies shouldn't be able to make huge profits off of people's suffering
Not in America. When we are in the White House we will ban the use of facial recognition technology for policing. 
The people of this country are ready for a political revolution. 
 We are excited to host  ; at Convention. Standing with Muslim Americans at this part…
Massive corporations like Smithfield Foods and Tyson drive family farmers off their land, abuse animals and destroy the environment.It is time to break up these agribusiness monopolies. 
Our corporate-run health care system is bankrupting working families. The American people want the savings and stability that only Medicare for All will deliver. Join me now in South Carolina: 
 This woman’s leadership and bravery on behalf of all Americans deserves credit and support and I appreciate “The OG” (Ole G…
I wonder how quickly Congress would pass a minimum wage increase if they were forced to live on $7.25 an hour.
 With  campaigning in South Carolina. We’re having BBQ at Scott’s ; later doing a Medicare for All town hall.…
Republican politicians who refuse to even recognize the reality of climate change will go down as one of the greatest embarrassments in our country's history.
At least 500,000 Americans go bankrupt every year because of medical expenses—and the actual number is probably more like 750,000.No one in America should go bankrupt to get the care they need. It's time for Medicare for All.
The United States is one of two countries that allows a for-profit bail industry to exist. We need to end that embarrassment and abolish cash bail nationwide. 
That's true. But if we continue to allow fracking and fossil fuel exports, the planet will never recover.We don't have time for a middle ground approach. We need a Green New Deal. 
If the environment were a bank it would have been saved already.
We cannot accept a situation in which a tiny handful of Americans become extraordinarily wealthy by paying their workers starvation wages.It's time to pass AB 5, help drivers unionize, and stop Uber and Lyft from misclassifying employees as contractors. 
We cannot take a middle ground approach when it comes to the climate crisis. We must pass a Green New Deal. Join our town hall now in South Carolina: 
This year alone:-Anchorage, Alaska hit 90 degrees for the first time-Greenland lost 250 billion tons of ice-A city of 9 million in India is running out of water-Fires in the Amazon threaten a major source of the world’s oxygenThis is why we need a 
If Donald Trump won't listen to the scientists when it comes to our climate crisis, maybe he will listen to the farmers.Ethan is a farmer raising his family in Iowa. He loses $100,000 a year because of climate change. 
We are facing a climate emergency, yet Trump is taking disaster relief funds to pay for his racist immigration agenda. What a disgrace. 
500,000 people in this country — at least — will go bankrupt this year from medical bills. That is a fact.
“Your policy is the only policy that I have seen in my lifetime that matches up with the policy of what was the Poor People’s Campaign.”With help, we're going to complete the political revolution. 
We are taking on the whole damn 1 percent in this campaign. And we will only be successful if we build an unprecedented movement of millions of people. If you’re with us, please contribute before our August 31 fundraising deadline.
We are taking on the whole damn 1 percent in this campaign. And we will only be successful if we build an unprecedented movement of millions of people. If you’re with us, please contribute before our August 31 fundraising deadline.
We are taking on the whole damn 1 percent in this campaign. And we will only be successful if we build an unprecedented movement of millions of people. If you’re with us, please contribute before our August 31 fundraising deadline.
I need to ask you to donate to our campaign before our huge August fundraising deadline. Unlike my opponents, we do not accept big checks from billionaires and corporations. I’m very proud of that fact. But we have to keep up. So please make a contribution before August 31.
I need to ask you to donate to our campaign before our huge August fundraising deadline. Unlike my opponents, we do not accept big checks from billionaires and corporations. I’m very proud of that fact. But we have to keep up. So please make a contribution before August 31.
I need to ask you to donate to our campaign before our huge August fundraising deadline. Unlike my opponents, we do not accept big checks from billionaires and corporations. I’m very proud of that fact. But we have to keep up. So please make a contribution before August 31.
We're a bit behind our August fundraising goal, and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution by August 31 at midnight?
We're a bit behind our August fundraising goal, and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution by August 31 at midnight?
We're a bit behind our August fundraising goal, and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution by August 31 at midnight?
Thousands of families in Iowa and nationwide are having their water contaminated by factory farms.We have a solution: the Green New Deal will overhaul our nation's aging water infrastructure and guarantee clean water for all. 
In the richest country on Earth, our educators shouldn't have to worry whether they can make ends meet. Congratulations to on reaching this important agreement to give Clark County teachers a well-deserved raise! 
We must legalize marijuana nationwide and expunge past convictions.
Congratulations to on her campaign to fight for working families across America and make health care a right for all. She is a forceful voice against Donald Trump and all he represents, and I look forward to working with her to defeat him.
 August 28th marks both the anniversary of the murder of Emmett Till ; the March on Washington.These anniversaries ought…
To create fundamental change in America, we must bring millions of people into a movement for justice. I'm looking forward to doing exactly that alongside State Sen. Thank you for being part of our political revolution. 
Congratulations, I was proud to stand on the picket line with on Sunday. must bargain in good faith and respect the needs of their workers.  
No one should be sitting in jail because they are poor. Cash bail is a disgrace and must be abolished.
☑️1 million people signed up to volunteer☑️2 million calls to early states☑️30 million text messages to early statesWe are the strongest campaign to defeat Trump and transform the country because we are building an unprecedented grassroots movement. 
Every kid in this country should be able to get a higher education if they desire one.We must follow the lead of cities like Birmingham and make higher education accessible to all by making public colleges, universities and trade schools tuition-free. 
It makes a lot more sense to me for cities and states to establish banks that invest in local communities instead of handing over taxpayer dollars to Wall Street banks whose business model is fraud. 
Children receiving treatment for cancer are now being threatened with deportation.The cruelty of this administration has no limit. 
This is the guy that thinks windmills cause cancer. 
Donald Trump betrayed workers.We're going to reverse the damage he caused and together, we will create the strongest trade union movement in American history. 
We cannot let corporate greed and political corruption destroy the Amazon rainforest that sustains our planet’s ecosystem. 
 Thank you Senator! Your leadership for Medicare-for-All has been invaluable. I'm excited to share our discu…
 is an inspiration to all of us in the fight for Medicare for All. Our corporate-run health care system is failing Americans. We must guarantee health care as a right, not a privilege. 
Corporate greed killed thousands of Americans. The executives at Purdue Pharma who perpetrated these crimes should be behind bars. 
Enough is enough. No child in America should go hungry. We need free universal school meals. 
 Tonight on a volunteer strategy call, the campaign says since April organizers have:-Held 11k events nation…
There is a word to describe a health care system that leaves thousands to die each year because they can't afford health insurance: barbaric.
 The debates aren’t giving us the healthcare conversation we need.So we asked the presidential candidates to talk to me abo…
The prison phone industry is a monopoly worth more than $1 billion a year.Corporations are getting rich denying people access to their loved ones.As part of my plan for justice and safety for all, we will make prison phone calls and other communications free of charge.
Trump's racist immigration agenda must be stopped.This country is not about locking up little children indefinitely.When we are in the White House we will treat immigrants with dignity, not cruelty. 
 'Everything is at stake.'Health care activist who is dying of ALS, will challenge the top 2020 candidates in…
If there is one thing I want young people to know, it is that they are incredibly powerful.The corporate media or the political establishment may not tell them that. But it's true.If young people get involved in the political process they can transform this country.
The patent for Insulin was sold for $1 so it would be available to all.Insulin is now the 7th most expensive liquid in the world.We are going to end the greed of the pharmaceutical industry.
We need your help to bring more working people into the political revolution! Tonight, join Bernie on a call to help mobilize people across the country at 7:30 p.m. ET/4:30 p.m. PT: 
Extremist politicians are waging a war on women.They are going to lose.Abortion is a constitutional right. 
It is a disgrace that the United States locks up more people than any country on Earth. In my first term as president, we will aim to cut incarceration in half.
 Did just use me in a campaign video? 😁They are the few and we are the many! When we stand up and demand…
 Our stories are one of our most powerful assets.Billionaires can't buy our stories.They can buy ads, but we're havin…
 One of my favorite videos of this cycle to date! 
We are bringing millions of people into the political process on our way to defeating Donald Trump and transforming the country. Share your  in the replies👉
"This is Betsy DeVos, Jeff Bezos and all the other billionaires: 🌽This is us: 🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽." 
 Wow! outlines an ambitious plan to save local journalism and confront the harm greedy corporate media and…
 In this piece for shares his vision for strengthening journalism and cites throughout for our…
Thank you David for bringing more people into the political process! 
 "We need a president who is willing to do anything it takes to pass a  op-ed on the lead…
Corporate conglomerates and hedge fund vultures have decimated independent and local news.We'll protect independent news and a free press by enforcing antitrust laws, empowering journalists to form unions and increasing investment in local public media. 
We say to Mitch McConnell, Donald Trump and the corporate elite: Your day has come and gone! 
Our health care system is cruel and barbaric.Your ability to get health care shouldn't be determined by the whims of a profit-seeking corporation or your employment status.Under Medicare for All no one will lose coverage. Period. 
We need to end voter suppression and make it easier for people to vote, not harder.We need automatic voter registration.We need to make Election Day a national holiday.We need to end gerrymandering.And we need to restore the Voting Rights Act.
 Yes. And let’s start by getting to schedule a vote on S.27 - American Miners Act of 2019. We need to keep…
Today marks  99 years since the ratification of the 19th Amendment. Our job now is to carry on that struggle in our fight for equal access to health care, equal pay and equal rights.
 We support Bernie, not because we like his values, but because he stands for OURS. And there is no proposal more aligned wit…
Want to see Bernie at the next debate in Houston?Make a contribution of any amount and we’ll automatically enter you for a chance to win two tickets, flight and hotel on us!
Want to see Bernie at the next debate in Houston?Make a contribution of any amount and we’ll automatically enter you for a chance to win two tickets, flight and hotel on us!
Want to see Bernie at the next debate in Houston?Make a contribution of any amount and we’ll automatically enter you for a chance to win two tickets, flight and hotel on us!
Want to see Bernie at the next debate in Houston?Make a contribution of any amount and we’ll automatically enter you for a chance to win two tickets, flight and hotel on us!
Want to see Bernie at the next debate in Houston?Make a contribution of any amount and we’ll automatically enter you for a chance to win two tickets, flight and hotel on us!
Want to see Bernie at the next debate in Houston?Make a contribution of any amount and we’ll automatically enter you for a chance to win two tickets, flight and hotel on us!
You + Bernie at the next debate?Contribute now and you’ll have a chance to win a pair of tickets, flight and hotel on us!
You + Bernie at the next debate?Contribute now and you’ll have a chance to win a pair of tickets, flight and hotel on us!
You + Bernie at the next debate?Contribute now and you’ll have a chance to win a pair of tickets, flight and hotel on us!
You + Bernie at the next debate?Contribute now and you’ll have a chance to win a pair of tickets, flight and hotel on us!
You + Bernie at the next debate?Contribute now and you’ll have a chance to win a pair of tickets, flight and hotel on us!
You + Bernie at the next debate?Contribute now and you’ll have a chance to win a pair of tickets, flight and hotel on us!
Make a contribution of ANY AMOUNT to our campaign today to be entered for a chance to join Bernie at the next Democratic debate! If you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to Houston to attend the debate and cheer Bernie on.
Make a contribution of ANY AMOUNT to our campaign today to be entered for a chance to join Bernie at the next Democratic debate! If you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to Houston to attend the debate and cheer Bernie on.
Make a contribution of ANY AMOUNT to our campaign today to be entered for a chance to join Bernie at the next Democratic debate! If you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to Houston to attend the debate and cheer Bernie on.
Make a contribution of ANY AMOUNT to our campaign today to be entered for a chance to join Bernie at the next Democratic debate! If you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to Houston to attend the debate and cheer Bernie on.
Make a contribution of ANY AMOUNT to our campaign today to be entered for a chance to join Bernie at the next Democratic debate! If you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to Houston to attend the debate and cheer Bernie on.
Make a contribution of ANY AMOUNT to our campaign today to be entered for a chance to join Bernie at the next Democratic debate! If you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to Houston to attend the debate and cheer Bernie on.
This election isn't about "red states" or "blue states."In every state, there are working people who are desperate for change and an economy that works for more than just the billionaires.We stand with them and together we are going to win. 
If companies want to shut down factories in America and move abroad, pay workers starvation wages and refuse to respect the constitutional rights of their workers to form unions, they cannot expect to get a lucrative federal contract from a Bernie Sanders administration.
 hell yes. great courage and conviction right there. thank you 
The trade union movement is the last line of defense against a billionaire class that won’t be satisfied until they have it all.
 Delegates to UE's 76th Convention unanimously endorse for President    
Donald Trump has reportedly directed his staff to prepare sweeping budget cuts to Medicare and Social Security for his second term.President Trump, let me save you and your staff some time. You are not going to have a second term.
  becomes the first union to endorse Bernie Sanders for 2020: 'Bernie understands the need for workers to have a demo…
  a 35,000-member left-wing union based in Pittsburgh, endorsed for president today. It's Sanders…
I am humbled to receive the endorsement of my union brothers and sisters from Our fight is about the need for an economy that works for all Americans and not just the 1 percent, and we are going to win that fight together. 
Decade after decade has been a leader in the struggle for economic justice and the right of all of our people to live with dignity and security. Thank you for everything you do. 
 “Coal miners are not my enemy, workers in the fossil fuel industry are not my enemy, climate change is our enemy! For d…
 Senator visited the picket line in Louisville, KY today to support striking CWA members at AT;T Southeast! ✊
Senator McConnell has blocked gun safety legislation, he has blocked legislation to protect pensions, and he has blocked legislation to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour.Yet he had no issue bringing forth legislation to throw 32 million Americans off their health insurance.
Sen. Mitch McConnell receives huge campaign contributions from:- Wall Street- Health insurance companies- Drug companies- The fossil fuel industry- The NRAIt’s time for McConnell to start listening to working people, not his wealthy campaign contributors. 
Coal miners have seen their pensions cut and benefits slashed. Their communities have been destroyed while fossil fuel CEOs get richer.Here is my promise. A Sanders administration will not abandon communities left behind by the fossil fuel industry — we will rebuild them.
We stand with the coal miners in Harlan County who aren’t receiving a paycheck.I say to Senator McConnell: Do not turn your back on these communities. Ensure these workers get paid as soon as possible.
Mitch McConnell: You need to explain to the people of Kentucky why you believe that we should do nothing to stop Russia from interfering with our elections. Stop obstructing legislation to protect our democracy.
How many more Americans have to die in mass shootings before Senator McConnell has the guts to stand up to the NRA and pass meaningful gun safety legislation?
Over 500,000 workers in Kentucky make less than $15 an hour Why don't they deserve an average raise of $4,300 a year?Stop blocking legislation to raise the current starvation minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour.
I say to Sen. Mitch McConnell: stop worrying about your billionaire friends – they’re doing just fine. Start worrying about the working class who are trying to keep their heads above water.
I'm taking the fight directly to Republican Senate Leader Mitch McConnell with a rally in Louisville, Kentucky, to pressure McConnell to stand up for working people, not wealthy elites and his campaign donors. 
 The crowd in Louisville, Kentucky waiting for to take the stage. 
Universal health care and tuition-free college aren’t radical. They already exist in other nations. Here’s what’s radical:Allowing giant corporations like Amazon to pay nothing in federal income taxes and giving fossil fuel companies billions in subsidies to destroy the planet.
I am proud to stand with the 20,000 members who are on strike.AT;T made over $19 billion in profits last year. Executives at AT;T cannot have it all.I call on the management of AT;T to go back to the negotiating table and bargain in good faith with your employees. 
  has released a comprehensive criminal justice reform platform that includes ending❌ Cash bail❌ Death penal…
Tonight we say thank you to our grassroots donors. We're not going to win this election because we have a super PAC or billionaires funding us. We are going to win because we have an unprecedented movement powered by millions of working people. 
Coal miners are not the enemy. Oil rig workers are not the enemy. Climate change is the enemy. When we pass a Green New Deal we will ensure a just transition for all workers. 
Tomorrow we are going to Mitch McConnell's backyard to say: the American people are sick and tired of the NRA writing our gun laws. Join us: 
This is a climate emergency. We need a Green New Deal. 
 . shoots hoops at Mn State Fair will update 
 At the Minnesota State Fair with a few friends and 
 Crowd for conversation with at the  
When it comes to the climate crisis, despair is not an option. 
"Medical debt" and "medical bankruptcy" should not exist in the United States of America.Getting sick is not a crime, yet our health care system acts like it is.Every person in this country must be able to get the care they need through Medicare for All regardless of income.
Nothing will fundamentally change unless we build a mass movement of people to win the White House and transform the country. That's what this campaign is about. Join me now at the Minnesota State Fair: 
If there ever was a time to think big, not small, it is right now when we are fighting for the survival of the planet. That is what the  is about.
As a nation we must invest in education.We need to raise teacher pay to at least $60,000 a year.We need universal pre-K.We need to cancel student debt.We need to make public colleges, universities and trade schools tuition-free.
Tens of thousands of Americans die every year because they lack decent health insurance. There is no middle ground when it comes to heath care. We must guarantee affordable health care to every American through Medicare for All.
 . knows what is important to labor. We must stop IRAPs from ruining decades of excellence in apprenticesh…
  We appreciate the support. There's no place in the construction industry for IRAPs. The construction…
 Government is apathetic,  not us.   great talk with aaaaand the crew. 
Playing it safe, according to the old rules is the most dangerous course we could take. It could cost us the election.We must reject incrementalism and pursue the transformative change that the working families of this country are crying out for.
The Democratic Party under President Roosevelt stood up to the economic royalists of its time.This is the party that stood up to fascism.This is the party that passed civil rights legislation, and Medicare and Medicaid.This is our time for transformative change. 
In my view, we will only be successful if we rally an unprecedented, massive uprising of people to sweep Trump and all he represents out of office.
 Totally packed town hall meeting on tuition free college and student loan forgiveness with in San Francisc…
Our racist president emboldens bigots, xenophobes and white supremacists as domestic terrorists commit horrific acts of violence across our country.As the proud son of an immigrant whose family was murdered by Nazis, I say: we will defeat white nationalism.
Passing a  will not be easy. The fossil fuel industry will oppose us with everything they have.But we are going to take them on because it is necessary.Failure is not an option.
The student debt crisis is holding back an entire generation. We're in California talking about our plan to make college tuition free and cancel all student debt. 
 Today was tough.  Two diabetics couldn’t afford their medications.Had to tell someone they have Hep C ; prostate cancer…
Yesterday I was in Paradise, California, a town nearly destroyed by a wildfire that killed 86 people. Climate change is making these fires worse.From a moral perspective, we have no choice but to act. We need bold action and a Green New Deal. 
By averting climate catastrophe we will save $70.4 trillion over 80 years.A  is the only economic and the moral choice.
 “What they want is very simple, they want an America that is good as is promised... We will pull and push until climate ju…
Let me be blunt:If we stick to a "middle ground" approach or half measures when it comes to the climate crisis, our children and grandchildren will not have a livable planet.Those are the stakes of this moment.
 and millions of Americans who benefit from tried and true Registered Apprenticeships Thank for his lea…
Nothing will fundamentally change unless we build a movement to take on the greed of the fossil fuel industry, Wall Street, the insurance industry, drug companies and the military-industrial complex.That is exactly what we are going to do. 
The IRAP proposal being pushed by Mick Mulvaney is a disaster. I stand with ; other unions fighting for good, high-quality apprenticeships for workers. I encourage everyone to submit a comment opposing IRAP here: 
  ambitious climate plan matches the scope and scale of the climate crisis we are facing — and is the standard t…
Now is not the time for half measures or a middle ground.We need fundamental changes in the way we do politics in America, the way we do economics, the way we do energy, the way we do criminal justice and immigration reform.
Some people say young people are apathetic.Well, I have been hearing from young people all around the country. It seems to me like they are ready to transform America. 
This campaign is not about middle ground solutions. This campaign is about transforming our country so that it finally works for all people, not just the rich and powerful.We are not afraid to be bold. 
The  will:✅ Create 20 million jobs✅ Avoid climate catastrophe✅ Make fossil fuel companies pay their fair share✅ Prioritize the most impacted communitiesThis is the healthy and habitable future our people deserve. 
We are the strongest campaign to defeat Donald Trump, and we'll do it by bringing millions of people into the political process, in every corner of this country, and build a movement based on justice. Thank you, Sacramento! 
Why was it "normal" for taxpayers to bail out the bankers who wrecked our economy, but asking Wall Street to bail out our young people now is "radical"?Watch our full conversation with millennials in Miami premiering on tomorrow: 
A health care system that says, "You and your family are going to lose your home because you got sick," is a system that is barbaric. 
 When I look in the faces of my children and the thousands of children I have come into contact with the Avengers, I can’t…
 Loooonnngg line waiting in 90+ degree heat to get into Bernie Sanders rally at Sacramento’s Cesar Chavez Park. Sen. Sander…
There is not justice when black women in America are making 61 cents on the dollar of what white men make. We have to adopt Equal Pay for Equal Work through the Paycheck Fairness Act. 
Mr. Trump, you are not going to have a second term. 
Coal miners are not our enemy.Oil rig workers are not our enemy.They are seeing their jobs slashed and communities destroyed while fossil fuel CEOs get richer.That is why the  invests in a just transition for all workers and communities.
 TONIGHT: Tune in as joins at 8pm ET.  
 Don’t forget that these fires are being used to violently remove indigenous peoples from their land. Climate change is caus…
Fossil fuel profits are not more important than the future of the planet. 
 Today is  which highlights the hard fact that Black Women in America have to work 599 days to make what whi…
Unlike Trump we recognize climate change as the existential threat it is, not call it a hoax. We will create 20 million of jobs by radically transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels toward sustainable energy and averting the climate crisis. J 
 "Sanders plan distinguishes itself in how aggressively it targets the fossil fuel industry. Not only does it call for hiki…
 Exactly. has massively moved the goal posts. This is what it means to treat the climate crisis like a true eme…
 Specifics that will affect our gente in PR:✅Ensure a hunger-free transition✅Ensure FEMA protects communi…
Fossil fuel executives should be criminally prosecuted for the destruction they have knowingly caused. 
There is no such thing as "clean coal." There is no such thing as "sustainably fracked" natural gas.We are going to end the greed of the fossil fuel industry and move to 100% renewable energy.  
 In 5 days, Bernie has released the 3 strongest plans to:✅End mass incarceration ; enact real criminal justice✅Expand,…
 Today released his sweeping vision for a  the biggest, boldest, and most ambitious plan…
 Here’s what people need to understand about new climate plan:This is it.This is our one chance to bui…
 This morning released a visionary plan for a  The plan includes 100% clean energy by 2030, a ban…
The climate crisis is about the survival of this planet. We cannot go far enough or be too aggressive on this issue. 
  just released his comprehensive climate plan to tackle the fossil fuel industry head-on. Here's our statem…
 This is it. This is everything, This is what it’ll take to save the world. Thank you Senator 
 epic climate plan includes a visionary Green New Deal for Housing:🌱7.4 million new social housing units…
  Green New Deal focuses on creating family-sustaining jobs in the clean energy economy ; investing in frontli…
Climate change is a global emergency. Bolsonaro and his corporate cronies are burning the Amazon rainforest for personal profit and jeopardizing our planet's survival. My  will impose climate sanctions against corporations that threaten our global climate goals. 
  ambitious climate plan matches the scope and scale of the climate crisis we are facing — and is the standard t…
Republicans who oppose our  should explain why they don't support creating 20 million jobs and averting climate catastrophe, yet will give billions in corporate welfare to fossil fuel companies.
 The new gold standard.  
 “With this aggressive and inspired plan, Senator Sanders has set a clear benchmark for meaningful climate and energy policy…
Fossil fuel executives knew decades ago that climate change was real yet funded denialism.The  holds them fully accountable by:-Ending ALL subsidies to the fossil fuel industry-Making them pay for their pollution-Suing and prosecuting them for damage they caused
  The climate plan that just released is remarkable--it sho…
 Bernie Sanders "outlines easily the most ambitious vision for a Green New Deal to date"  via
 Bernie's decade of the  will:🌅Avert the climate crisis 🌅Reach 100% renewable energy for electricity and tran…
   100% renewable energy for electricity and transportation by 2030☑️ Create 20 million…
Donald Trump thinks climate change is a hoax. Donald Trump is bought and paid for by the fossil fuel industry.Their time is up.We are going to end the greed of the fossil fuel industry and pass a 
 Sanders to unveil $16tn climate plan, far more aggressive than rivals' proposals 
 It's more than just the policy details.  is the only realistic plan to actually confront cli…
 It’s time transform our infrastructure, create 20 million good paying jobs, and do everything in our power to end the climate…
We need a president who will face down the greed of fossil fuel executives and the billionaire class who stand in the way of climate action.I welcome their hatred.We will enact the  and bring the world together to defeat the existential threat of climate change.
 Bernie Sanders unveils comprehensive Green New Deal plan amid climate crisis  
 TODAY has released our plan for a  far too long, it's been easy for fossil fuel bosses…
The climate crisis is the greatest challenge facing humanity. It's also our single greatest opportunity to build a just and equitable future.We are going to create 20 million jobs and an economy that works for all.It's time for a  
Change only takes place when people begin talking about the reality of their lives — the burden of student debt, the cost of health care, racial profiling, and more — and not being ashamed to do it.Watch my full conversation with on this Friday. 
 If federal workers had the right to strike none of us would have been subjected to that reckless, mean-spirited Shutdow…
Congratulations to on his impactful campaign to bring the climate crisis to the forefront of the national conversation. There is no more important issue facing humanity. Together we will work to pass a Green New Deal and create millions of jobs.
If a company engages in job outsourcing, union busting or pays poverty wages, they will not get a dime in federal contracts from a Sanders administration. 
 Phil Agnew  is the founder of the the youth organization that famously occupied Florid…
"A leader who understands the problems, has an indictment of the system and is willing to do what it takes to take on the interests that want to keep us down. That's Bernie, all day."  
The middle class is disappearing, the gap between the very rich and everyone else is growing wider, and Trump is making it worse.As president I'm going to do the exact opposite.Unlike Trump, I stand with workers. And I'm going to take on the billionaire class. 
In December Siemens shut down a factory in Burlington, Iowa, shipping 107 jobs overseas. Under Trump, Siemens received over $500 million in federal contracts.I say to Siemens: if you want another federal contract, you must bring those jobs back to Iowa. 
  presidential campaign has unveiled a plan to strengthen unions, with the goal of doubling union member…
We need to fundamentally overhaul our immigration system to treat those seeking asylum with humanity and dignity. When we are in the White House, on day one I will undo everything Trump has done to demonize and harm immigrants.
Trump's immigration agenda is cruel, racist and a stain on this nation. America cannot be about locking up families, including children, at the border indefinitely. 
If there is going to be class warfare in this country, it's about time the working class won that war.
We will make it easier, not harder, for workers to join unions by implementing my Workplace Democracy Plan and establishing a national goal to double union membership. Join me now at the Iowa AFL-CIO Convention: 
Democracy doesn’t just mean the chance to vote. It means control over your life.To be a truly democratic society, we must create an economy where workers feel that they’re not just a cog in the machine, but that they have power over their jobs and workplaces.
 NEW: is out with a sweeping plan to revitalize organized labor, hoping to double union membership during his…
 Thanks for what you and SEIU are doing to strengthen and expand unions in America. Without a strong and vibrant union movement there would not be a middle class. Working together, we're going to make it easier, not harder, for workers to join unions.  
In a Bernie Sanders administration, companies that mistreat workers and bust unions are going to lose their federal contracts. 
  historic pro-union plan:✅Doubles union workers✅Gives workers the right to strike✅Provides workers th…
 Agree. No worker should be forced to continue working without a paycheck. 
 Great to see strong plan to overhaul our defective ; outdated labor laws. This proposal is the latest sig…
In December Trump shut down the government for 35 days, depriving over 800,000 workers of pay and forcing many to work without pay.That cannot happen again.Federal employees must be guaranteed the same rights as workers in the private sector—including the right to strike.
 It would be hard for unions to dream up a better friend in the White House than who has tirelessly stood…
My Workplace Democracy Plan will:✅ Double union membership✅ End "right to work"✅ End union busting✅ Protect striking rights for ALL workers✅ Protect union-negotiated benefits under Medicare for AllTogether we will rebuild the middle class. 
My message to Trump: I am a proud Jewish person and I have no concerns about voting Democratic. 
Let me say this to the president: I am a proud Jewish person and I have no concerns about voting Democratic. And in fact, I intend to vote for a Jewish man to become the next president of the United States. 
The political revolution continues in Iowa! Join us now in Sioux City: 
 Senator is right: McDonald's is a profitable company. They can afford to pay their workers $15 and their workers d…
To defeat Trump we need to inspire young people to get involved in the political process, and boldly address the issues that matter to their lives.That means canceling all student debt.That means expanding access to safe and legal abortion.That means a Green New Deal.
As president I will stand with Native Americans in the struggle to protect their treaties and sovereign rights, and improve the quality of life for Native communities. I'm honored to be at the Frank LaMere Native American Presidential Forum today: 
There has been a FIVEFOLD increase in the number of seniors filing bankruptcy. That's because so many seniors have seen their pensions cut, and they’re getting crushed by high costs of health care and college. When we defeat Trump, this is going to change. 
 Campaign of touting praise today from two leaders today for the senator's criminal justice plan…
500,000 Americans will go bankrupt this year from medical bills.They didn't go to Las Vegas and blow their money at a casino.Their crime was that they got sick.How barbaric is a system that says, "I'm going to destroy your family's finances because you had cancer"?
We are taking on the most powerful corporate interests in this country. Join us in Iowa near beautiful Lake Okoboji to hear Bernie talk about how we will win and defeat Donald Trump. Donate now at  
If we were a poor country, it would be reasonable to question whether we can achieve universal health care.We're not.We're the richest country in the history of the world.There is no reason we cannot guarantee health care to all our people through Medicare for All.
 Good morning from Storm Lake, Iowa where is having an over capacity breakfast with over 130 folks.  
 "If we have the courage to take on the greed of the powerful special interests who dominate our economic and political l…
  warms up a little with his grandson 
Live from Iowa's Field of Dreams: Bernie is on the mound and leading our campaign in a game of softball. Play ball! 
To celebrate tonight's softball game at the iconic Field of Dreams, we made these limited-edition baseball cards!Donate any amount to get yours now. 
This is the agenda of the Trump administration: to keep millions of women, especially low-income women, from getting health care they need.What a disgrace.Congress must take action to overturn this outrageous rule. 
I don't go to the Hamptons to raise money from billionaires. If I ever visited there, I would tell them the same thing I have said for the last 30 years: We must pass a Medicare for All system to guarantee affordable health care for all, not just for those who can afford it.
The political revolution continues in Iowa! Join us live for an ice cream social with Bernie in Cedar County! 
 The GOP has told us time and time again that raising the minimum wage will hurt businesses. The NYC restaurant industry i…
Eric Garner and too many others should be alive today.Violence and brutality of any kind at the hands of the police is unacceptable and will not be tolerated when we are in the White House.Read the rest of my plan here: 7/7 
Police forces should not look and act like invading armies. We must demilitarize our police forces and establish federal standards for the use of body cameras. 6/
We will end harmful policing practices like racial profiling, stop and frisk, and oppressive “broken windows” policing – all of which actively undermine public safety and community trust in law enforcement. 5/
We will revitalize the use of Justice Department investigations, consent decrees, and federal lawsuits to address systemic constitutional violations by police departments. 4/
We will conduct a U.S. Attorney General’s investigation for ALL deaths involving the police and those in custody, establish civilian oversight of police departments, and create federal registries for police use of deadly force and misconduct. 3/
When we are in the White House we will mandate criminal liability for civil rights violations resulting from police misconduct, and limit “qualified immunity” for police officers.We will establish a national use of force standard that emphasizes de-escalation. 2/
The officer who killed Eric Garner has been fired. That is not enough.We have got to change how police departments operate,  finally end police brutality and stop the killing of unarmed black and brown Americans.Here are some of the ways I plan to do that as president: 1/
 We need real criminal justice reform on a national level. Bernie laid out a vision that will get us there. 
This is the right decision, but we are still a very long way from achieving justice for Eric Garner’s family and countless others who have lost loved ones to police violence. We must fundamentally transform our criminal justice system at every level. 
Thank you for powering our grassroots movement! Sign up to volunteer:  
 Absolutely Right here in  the filed a lawsuit on  The court’…
 This is the reason, I'm spending every day working to elect as the next President of the United States. 
The demonstrations in Hong Kong are an inspiration to us all. It is the right of all people to protest for a better future. We stand with these brave protesters and call on the Chinese government to refrain from violence.  
Over the last few years, we have seen disturbing incidents of anti-Semitic hate crimes. No one should have to fear for their life because of their religion. We must use the full force of the federal government to combat religious bigotry wherever it exists. 
Solitary confinement is a form of torture. It is unconstitutional, plain and simple. We must end solitary confinement in America.
Cardi B is exactly right: We've seen too many images of unarmed black men killed by police.When we are in the White House, we are going to have a zero-tolerance policy for police brutality. 
The death penalty is cruel and unusual punishment.It is applied disproportionately to people of color.It has been proven not to deter violent crime.The United States must join almost every other advanced country on Earth and abolish the death penalty.
 Bernie's criminal justice plan will:✅Ban for-profit prisons✅End Cash bail✅Abolish the death penalty✅End mandatory m…
Cash bail must be abolished. We should not have hundreds of thousands of people in jail simply because they could not afford bail.
 This really is an incredible document. Spend ten minutes with it. Think about what a transformation it would represent. 
I'm proud to announce our Justice and Safety for All plan to reform America’s dysfunctional criminal justice system. 
The criminal justice system must treat children as children.No more children under age 18 tried in adult courts.No more long mandatory minimum sentences for children.No more criminalizing truancy.No more juveniles housed in adult prisons.
Black students, even in preschool, are nearly four times as likely to be suspended as white students.We are going to end the school-to-prison pipeline. Read my plan to do that and end mass incarceration in America:
 For years many like     have called for bold change to ensure a f…
 Just yesterday, I attended the funeral of a client — stabbed to death in SCDC last week. I’m extremely proud to see
We must legalize marijuana nationally, expunge past marijuana convictions and ensure revenue from legal marijuana is reinvested in the communities most impacted by the failed War on Drugs.
No one should be able to profit from filling our prisons.Not only must we ban private prisons, we must make phone calls and other communication free of charge and end police departments’ reliance on fines and fees for revenue.
We spend $80 billion a year locking up 2.2 million people, more than any country on Earth.That is outrageous.As president my goal will be to cut the incarcerated population in half.
 Bernie's plan "aims to cut the nation’s prison population in half, end mandatory minimum sentencing, ban private prisons and l…
Today I am proud to be releasing the most comprehensive and progressive criminal justice platform of any candidate for president.We have a criminal justice system that is racist and broken, and working together we're going to fundamentally transform it. 
 My first video - campaign style. For 20 years, it's been an honor to work for calling out the faces of gr…
 Coal miners ; oil rig workers didn’t cause the climate crisis. Fossil fuel CEOs ; corrupt politicians of both parties did.…
 We're running a campaign that is not only trying to defeat Trump, the most dangerous president in our modern history. We…
We're running a campaign that is not only trying to defeat Trump, the most dangerous president in our modern history. We are also about transforming this country.Tune in live as I take questions from supporters in South Carolina: 
 LIVE: makes his case directly to WFP supporters in a live Q;A w/  
We will go to war with White Nationalism. 
 My heart aches for these parents.It's hard to put into words the immense pain parents endure when they lose a child. It…
Defeating Trump is going to require an unprecedented, diverse coalition grounded in human solidarity. We are that campaign.Listen to this week's episode of Hear the Bern: 
My father's whole family was wiped out by Hitler's white nationalism.We will go to war against white nationalism and racism in every aspect of our country.
 TONIGHT: joins WFP members for the latest in our series of  live online Q;As! Join us at 7:30pm…
Our corporate-run health care system is killing people like Nicole's son Alec, who died at 26 from rationing his insulin. Medicare for All now! 
 At forum in ATL, tells thousands of black millennial Christians that his father's "entire…
The Walton family of Walmart, the richest family in the world, made $100 million per day last year. I say to the Waltons: No more excuses. Pay your workers a living wage of at least $15 an hour. 
I have said it before and I will say it again: I’m incredibly humbled to have the support of the working class of this country. Together, we are going to create an economy that works for all of us, not just billionaires. 
The nurses of are fighting for the safety and care that all patients deserve. I urge and to do the right thing and recognize that safe staffing saves lives. I stand with   
Congratulations to for this positive step in their fight against wage theft and corporate greed at I stand with them in their fight. 
If Israel doesn’t want members of the United States Congress to visit their country, maybe they can respectfully decline the billions of dollars that we give to Israel. 
This is the direct result of profit driving our health care system.For the 50,000 patients treated at the Hahnemann ER every year, we must take action now on a short-term solution, and create a Medicare for All system in the long term. 
 Strong movements need strong roots. That’s why we’ve joined and filed for recognition to form a union at
July 2019 was the hottest recorded month ever. The four hottest Julys before that:July 2018July 2017July 2016July 2015Anyone who does not understand the urgency of the climate crisis and plans to respond accordingly needs to get out of politics right now.
For spending over 2.5x as much per capita on health care as the average developed country, you would think we would have the best health outcomes in the world.Our corporate-run health care system is failing our people. It's time for Medicare for All. 
Young people are the most progressive generation in American history.We are going to build a nationwide movement of young people to create a government and an economy that work for all of us. 
 This is the message that can win the 2020 election 👇 
We are not only taking on Donald Trump.We are not only taking on our primary opponents.We are taking on the health insurance and drug companies, the military and prison industrial complexes, the fossil fuel industry and more.But if we stick together, we are going to win.
Climate change is a national emergency.
Anti-Semitism is not some abstract idea to me. It is very personal. It destroyed a good part of my family. I absolutely reject Trump's disgusting efforts to exploit fear of anti-Semitism to attack my colleagues. 
In the last three decades the top 1% increased its net worth by $21 trillion.The bottom 50% of Americans lost $900 billion.We should be treating our inequality crisis as an emergency—because it is one.
The reason we need Medicare for All boils down to this:The point of a health care system should be to keep people alive and healthy—not to make billions of dollars in profits for greedy health insurance companies.
We need a president who will do everything in their power to raise wages for working people.That is exactly what I plan to do, including raising the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour and raising starting pay for teachers to $60,000 a year.
I find it strange that Republicans claim their policies are good for the economy, yet they oppose the Green New Deal, which would create millions of good-paying jobs for Americans.If we are going to support workers and create jobs, we need to forcefully address climate change.
 Spoiler Alert:Bernie does not get his nails done.He does, however, show that he is the candidate that will defeat Donal…
 One of the most important interviews you will hear this campaign season!Get you a POTUS who gives a damn about ALL people…
It is disgusting that a bigot like Trump is attacking and in this way. Opposing Netanyahu's policies is not “hating the Jewish people.” We must stand together against those who promote hatred and racism in Israel, Palestine, the U.S. and everywhere. 
 and the boss man talking about all the issues and their nails!  
  discuss immigration, police brutality in new campaign video
 Thankful that and sat down together for a 1:1 talk on wages, student debt, and police brutali…
 Cardi B: "Let's feel the Bern!" 
 2019, man 
 You love to see it. 
 it's here! 
 Bernie and Cardi B!! 
 gracias  ❤️ I'm so proud to see another fierce, intelligent, Latina joining our movement and using your platform…
 👀peep👀 the long awaited Bernie + Cardi B video, they talk:✨low wages✨mutual love of FDR✨Medicare for All✨ending police…
Watch our full conversation at in Detroit: 
Cardi B's nails are juuuust a little different than mine. Our views on the issues are pretty similar. 
For far too long, the billionaire class has been able to buy our elections by supporting candidates who will continue business as usual. The rich get richer, and the poor get poorer. That ends when we are in the White House.
 Bernie has been saying this over and over again. Because he fight for working people I support Bernie Sanders.
We’ve said from the start that we will have to take on virtually the entire media establishment in this campaign, and so far that has proven to be true.Ok. Fine. We are ready. 
The reason working people are struggling is not because of immigrants, like Trump wants people to believe. It is because Trump and his billionaire friends have rigged our economy to ensure the rich get richer and everyone else gets poorer. 
Donald Trump has fueled a climate which emboldens violent extremists and where immigrants live in constant fear. We are going to defeat him and his bigotry. 
We need a president who actually believes climate change is real and is going to stand up to the greed and power of the fossil fuel industry. 
The role of the United States must be to bring parties together to resolve conflict. When we are in the White House we will push the leadership on both sides to reach an agreement that creates peace and security for both Israelis and Palestinians. 
On this day in 1935, President Roosevelt signed Social Security into law. It has been one of the most successful government programs in our nation's history.Not only are we going to protect Social Security, we are going to expand it.
 doctors are fighting for their first union contract, which will set the tone for fairness in the workplace and exemplary care for patients for decades to come. I stand with   
Steve King is a racist, a misogynist and a disgrace to the country. He should not be a member of the United States Congress. 
 thank you so much for your early endorsement of this campaign and for your continued support. 
We should be investing in jobs and education, not more jails and incarceration. Congratulations to and the whole coalition for their work to cancel the contract and stop the building of another jail in LA county. 
Breaking News:For the last 40 years the American working class has been disappearing and the rich have been getting richer.
 Dropping Thursday 👀 
 "Cardi's nails and mine are juuuuust a little bit different." teases a new video with 
Donald Trump can’t win an election based on his ideas so he has to suppress the vote to win.What a coward. 
Cardi B knows this is the most important election of our lives. So we sat down to talk about the pressing issues facing people today.Watch our full conversation from on Thursday. 
 The Ringer is unionizing! Read our letter of intent here: 
I’ll be there. We must take on the NRA and end the epidemic of gun violence in this country. 
 super excited about this weekend. sliding on old friends in Charleston ; Atlanta with
 “There is widespread agreement that we need to do everything we can to protect our children ; the American people from the…
At a time when Donald Trump and cowardly Republican politicians all over this country are working overtime to suppress the vote, work to protect voting rights is more important than ever.If you’re an American citizen who is over 18, you must be able to vote. 
It’s insane that we have teachers in this country who are forced to work two or three jobs to get by.This is the wealthiest country in the history of the world.We will pay our teachers at least $60,000 a year.
 AT;T workers in the southeast are fighting for a fair contract and are willing to do whatever it takes for the good jobs, aff…
Donald Trump is the most dangerous president in the modern history of this country. This is how we are going to defeat him: 
In recent years has made billions in profits. It is unconscionable that their workers cannot afford good health care or get reliable raises. I stand with these workers and who are challenging corporate greed. 
Breakfast with Bernie Town Hall. Join us live in New Hampshire. 
Two years ago Heather Heyer was killed by white supremacists in Charlottesville. We will honor her memory by fighting racism and white supremacy everywhere in this country.
Donald Trump may have the billionaires and powerful special interests behind him. But we have the people and we will win. Join our second town hall of the day in New Hampshire: 
⚡️ “Twitter shares their  thousands of Americans posted about why they joined our movement to win the White House and create a nation that works for all of us.
 Bernie truly woke me up and started a fire within me. I didn’t think there was a point in being involved in politics be…

This is the moment history will judge us by. This is the moment we stand up to racism and divisiveness and create an economy for all people. Join us live in New Hampshire: 
Once again, Trump is eager to stoke divisions by attacking poor immigrants in our society.Meanwhile, he continues to give corporate special interests public benefits like administration posts, billions in corporate welfare, de-regulation, and tax cuts. 
 When I graduated in 2011, I owed $137,000 in student loans. Today I have $175,000 even as I continue making monthly pa…
  is pretty simple I’m GayI’m a Type 1 DiabeticI’m PoorBernie has been fighting for my rights since b…
  is currently the  Trending Topic in the US  
  😬😬 Medicare for all should be a right and I trust is the only candidate to produce on this p…
 My dad worked all his life; since my grandpa passed away when my dad was 16. I want my dad to be able to have a secure and…
 Here's  Thanks to everyone for participating and for making us the  trending hashtag
 Growing up, I always wondered about why no politician cared about immigrants like my parents who had to shut down their grocer…
 I support Bernie because he fights for a healthy, livable planet. Bernie was one of the few politicians to stand with Stan…
 Check out the  hashtag today! We’re launching a new program to ask Bernie supporters to share their stori…
 I'm Latina. I'm an immigrant. I'm brown. I'm everything Trump hates.I support Bernie b/c he believes immigrant rights…
 I support because I believe you should be able to see your doctor and also get the education you want without goin…
 I'm a Filipina  and this is my  of why I support to be the next POTUS in 2020.…
 Sube el BERN app para contarnos tu historia y por que apoyas a  y nuestro movimiento! Juntos vamos a derrota…
 I support Bernie because he’s been an advocate for racial justice since the beginning of his career and plans to root out insti…
 Hi All, This is  Please take a moment to watch and share your story too. 
 We all have a story to tell. I'd love to hear yours! Download the BERN app in the Apple App Store and Google Play to shar…
 TODAY is officially launching  your story about why you've involved in the movement…
This campaign is not just about me. It's about us. Together we will defeat Trump and transform the country.Download the BERN app and record a  to tell us why you're part of this movement! Apple Store: Google Play:  
 And has a great story on the latest polls - along with my favorite photo of and me at the Io…
Every American, regardless of income, is entitled to:The right to a decent job that pays a living wage.The right to quality health care.The right to a complete education.The right to affordable housing.The right to a clean environment.The right to a secure retirement.
We’ve set a goal to reach 1 million contributors faster than any campaign in history, to prove to establish that we are stronger than ever. Will you be one of them by making a donation right now?
We’ve set a goal to reach 1 million contributors faster than any campaign in history, to prove to establish that we are stronger than ever. Will you be one of them by making a donation right now?
We’ve set a goal to reach 1 million contributors faster than any campaign in history, to prove to establish that we are stronger than ever. Will you be one of them by making a donation right now?
We’ve set a goal to reach 1 million contributors faster than any campaign in history, to prove to establish that we are stronger than ever. Will you be one of them by making a donation right now?
Tens of thousands of Americans die each year because they lack health insurance.Meanwhile the private health care industry made $100 billion in profits last year.Greed is the business model of our health care system today and it is killing Americans.
  is speaking now at the Register Political  at the  Watch live:
 The Iowa state fair feels the Bern 🔥🔥🔥 
Republicans who can only win by suppressing voting rights have got to get the hell out of politics and get another job.
Eid Mubarak to our Muslim family celebrating Eid al-Adha across the country and around the world. We wish you and your loved ones peace and happiness.
At the end of the day, the 1 percent may have enormous wealth and power. But they are just the 1 percent. When the 99 percent stand together, we can transform society.
While the Bill of Rights protects us from the tyranny of an oppressive government, many in the establishment would like Americans to submit to the tyranny of oligarchs, corporations, Wall Street banks, and billionaires.That is why we need a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights.
It's time for a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights. We are going to finish the work that FDR started and create an economy that works for ALL of our people. Join our town hall live now: 
Abortion is health care. We're live in Des Moines for a town hall with about the right to control our own bodies.  When we pass  we will be guaranteeing comprehensive coverage for reproductive care. 
When children go to school, they should be excited to learn and socialize. They should not live in fear that something terrible will happen.We must take on the NRA and ban assault weapons. 
The infant mortality rate in black communities is more than double the rate for white communities. Black women are three and a half times more likely to die from pregnancy than white women. Medicare for All will close the racial gap in health care in America. 
Donald Trump believes climate change is a hoax. Donald Trump is an idiot.
Join us live in Des Moines for a campaign event with the largest national Latino civil rights and advocacy organization in the U.S. 
Immigrant communities should not live in terror.We need a pathway to citizenship for all 11 million undocumented people, not more mass immigration raids. 
 “What you have done . . . and I really sincerely congratulate you: you have for the first time put the NRA on the defensive…
  on the need for background checks on all gun sales at  "It is expanding and making certain tha…
The days of the NRA controlling Congress and writing our gun laws must end. Join us live with and for a gun violence prevention forum in Iowa. 
Tragic stories like this do not occur in any major country on Earth except for ours.The fight for Medicare for All is a struggle over who we are as a nation. We must go forward in guaranteeing health care as a right. 
"Predator," "invasion," "alien," "animal" — these are the words Donald Trump uses to describe other human beings.The president is a racist and a xenophobe, and our job now is to defeat him. 
 Powerful.Thank you ; for speaking truth to power.I stand with you in ending the needless de…
I have a simple question for the health care industry:Why do you believe it is more important to spend millions on advertising, lobbying and campaign contributions than it is to make sure that no one dies or goes bankrupt because they cannot afford health care?
I do not think it is unreasonable to say that you should be able to go to the store without the fear of being gunned down.We can and we will end the epidemic of gun violence in this country.
Today I asked the health care industry a simple question:How much will you spend to defeat Medicare for All?Is it $200 million? Is it $500 million?They can spend all the money they want. We're going to beat them. 
You can’t change a corrupt system by taking its money. We must end the stranglehold of corporate interests over the health care needs of the American people.
 Some exciting news!For those of you who are more visual, you can WATCH this week's episode of  featuring an…
The average donation to our campaign: $19.The most common profession: teachers.I don’t sit around in wealthy people's living rooms and leave with thousands of dollars. We are building a movement of working people.
Decent housing should not be a privilege, it should be a right. 
The private health care industry made $100 billion in profits last year. They'll spend millions to defeat  1 in 5 Americans cannot afford their medicine.Health executives need to explain to the American people why they think that's acceptable. 
Think about the outrageous profits and compensation that pharmaceutical executives make.Now think about the millions of Americans who must struggle to survive—and those who die—for those profits to exist.We're going to end Big Pharma's greed. 
The Trump-Republican agenda: Keep trying to throw millions of people off of their health insurance.Our agenda: Guarantee health care to all and save the average family thousands of dollars a year. 
 This is just the first in a full line of Bernie flavors. We’re going all the way this time. And when Bernie’s in the White…
People don't like their insurance company. They like their doctor.Medicare for All means no more premiums, co-pays or deductibles. No more insurance companies denying your claim.We aren't just going to cover everyone. We are going to improve coverage for every American. 
  should be alive today. I’m thankful to  for taking a public stand on this issue that’s an important one…
 Powerful interviews in here 
Walmart should respect the voices of its workers who are calling on the company to stop selling guns. I agree. This is exactly why I believe workers deserve representation on their board, so that their views are heeded.
Michael Brown should be alive today. Five years after his death, we must finally end police violence against people of color. 
 To paraphrase politics isn’t a game or a sport. It’s how we distribute pain. People are suffering and dying ne…
It is our responsibility as a nation to lead the world in the fight against the climate crisis. It is our responsibility to our children and grandchildren.
 People across America are dying because of big pharma's insulin prices. saw this travesty and took direct…
 Watch this video of our trip to 🇨🇦 with Senator He is right, the greed of insulin manufacturers is scanda…
Black students graduate with some $7,400 more in student debt than white students.After 4 years the gap widens to $25,000.Our plan to cancel student debt would cut the racial wealth gap for young Americans from 12:1 to 5:1. We must 
Insurance companies want you to think millions of people will lose health coverage under Medicare for All.They're lying. In fact—tens of millions lose their insurance every year in our dysfunctional system.Under Medicare for All, no one will lose coverage or be uninsured.
 Pharma's greed is killing our family, friends, and neighbors. We must accept no substitute for Medicare for All and make hea…
 The American people pay 10x what Canadians pay for insulin. 1 in 4 Americans with diabetes has said they've rationed…
 The Pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans for profits. A administration will be their worst enemy. 
 It was an incredible experience to cross the border into Canada with diabetics who saved up to $10,000 in lifesaving medi…
 3 major manufactures of insulin control 90% of the market The price of insulin has increased 1200% 📈This is collusionT…
 Exactly the leadership this country needs!      
   isn't waiting to become president to take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry. He's doing it now…
 Here in California, many desperate folks drive for hours to Tijuana to buy cheaper insulin. We don’t have to live this way. We…
 We'll never truly be free as long as insurance and pharmaceutical companies continue to set such exorbitant prices on li…
 Corporate greed forces working class people who cannot afford their prescription drug prices to their death or to cross bor…
The inventors of insulin sold the patent for $1. A vial costs $6 to make. Drugmakers sell it for $300 a vial in the United States.That level of greed is scandalous, it is outrageous, and when we win it is going to end. 
In the wealthiest country in the history of the world, students should not have to go hungry or work three jobs just to survive. 
Survivors of mass shootings are suffering from PTSD but can't afford to see a therapist.Mental health care must be a part of health care, and when we pass Medicare for All, it will be. 
Justice is not a radical idea. 
Another example of corporate greed, this time from This strike has gone on for over a month. Enough is enough. I stand in solidarity with these workers in their fight for dignity and justice in the workplace. 
This is evil. Days after immigrants were gunned down in El Paso, Trump is continuing the attacks on immigrant families.Our job is to reject Trump's racist agenda, end the terror inflicted on immigrant communities and bring families together, not tear them apart. 
On the first day of my presidency, I will issue an executive order providing legal status for all DACA recipients and their parents. 
I stand with the as they fight to secure a fair contract for their newsroom. Show your solidarity with the union: 
No premiums, no co-pays, no deductibles and no more time wasted arguing with profit-driven insurance companies.That is what Medicare for All means for the American people. 
 Medicare for All,Tuition-free K-16,Green New Deal,Ending for-profit prisons🆚 A Wall
That was an easy choice. 
Cancel student debt and tax Wall Street to pay for it. 
Don’t miss your chance to help Bernie make HISTORY by reaching 1 million individual campaign contributors faster than any other candidate! Chip in right now to help put him over the top.
Mitch McConnell: do what the American people want. Pass legislation to ban assault weapons. 
Please chip in to help our campaign make history and hit our goal of getting 1 million campaign donors by the end of the summer. We are making some very important budget decisions right now and hitting this goal now will put Bernie in position to win big next year.
Please chip in to help our campaign make history and hit our goal of getting 1 million campaign donors by the end of the summer. We are making some very important budget decisions right now and hitting this goal now will put Bernie in position to win big next year.
Please chip in to help our campaign make history and hit our goal of getting 1 million campaign donors by the end of the summer. We are making some very important budget decisions right now and hitting this goal now will put Bernie in position to win big next year.
Please chip in to help our campaign make history and hit our goal of getting 1 million campaign donors by the end of the summer. We are making some very important budget decisions right now and hitting this goal now will put Bernie in position to win big next year.
Please chip in to help our campaign make history and hit our goal of getting 1 million campaign donors by the end of the summer. We are making some very important budget decisions right now and hitting this goal now will put Bernie in position to win big next year.
Please chip in to help our campaign make history and hit our goal of getting 1 million campaign donors by the end of the summer. We are making some very important budget decisions right now and hitting this goal now will put Bernie in position to win big next year.
Please chip in to help our campaign make history and hit our goal of getting 1 million campaign donors by the end of the summer. We are making some very important budget decisions right now and hitting this goal now will put Bernie in position to win big next year.
Please chip in to help our campaign make history and hit our goal of getting 1 million campaign donors by the end of the summer. We are making some very important budget decisions right now and hitting this goal now will put Bernie in position to win big next year.
Don’t miss your chance to help Bernie make HISTORY by reaching 1 million individual campaign contributors faster than any other candidate! Chip in right now to help put him over the top.
Don’t miss your chance to help Bernie make HISTORY by reaching 1 million individual campaign contributors faster than any other candidate! Chip in right now to help put him over the top.
Don’t miss your chance to help Bernie make HISTORY by reaching 1 million individual campaign contributors faster than any other candidate! Chip in right now to help put him over the top.
Don’t miss your chance to help Bernie make HISTORY by reaching 1 million individual campaign contributors faster than any other candidate! Chip in right now to help put him over the top.
Don’t miss your chance to help Bernie make HISTORY by reaching 1 million individual campaign contributors faster than any other candidate! Chip in right now to help put him over the top.
Don’t miss your chance to help Bernie make HISTORY by reaching 1 million individual campaign contributors faster than any other candidate! Chip in right now to help put him over the top.
Don’t miss your chance to help Bernie make HISTORY by reaching 1 million individual campaign contributors faster than any other candidate! Chip in right now to help put him over the top.
Don’t miss your chance to help Bernie make HISTORY by reaching 1 million individual campaign contributors faster than any other candidate! Chip in right now to help put him over the top.
Tragically, this is what we mean when we say the greed of the pharmaceutical industry is killing Americans.Let's be clear. Insulin should not cost 10 times more in the US than in Canada. Nobody should be dying because they can't afford it, but that is what is happening today. 
 I’ll be occupied through 2028, but thanks for thinking of me. 
We have president who is an overt racist and xenophobe.He should stay away from El Paso.What he should do right now is end his anti-immigrant rhetoric.
Our campaign is not just about winning the Democratic primary.It is not just about defeating Donald Trump.It is about bringing millions of people together and transforming our society to make our political and economic systems work for all of us.
 Thank you Senator and the teenagers!!!!  
 We announced the rally pretty late but Long Beach came out for 
We're bringing our fight for justice to Long Beach, California. Make a donation ;  
Today marks the 54th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act—but six years ago, it was gutted by the Supreme Court, opening the floodgates to voter suppression laws. We will restore the VRA, fight voter suppression, and guarantee the right to vote to all Americans.
"Cynicism is our biggest enemy, perhaps bigger than Trump... That cynicism didn't come out of nowhere. We've been told for a long time we couldn't have nice things. and discuss turning out nonvoters to defeat Trump on Hear the Bern:  
This Spectrum Strike is STILL going on—862 days and counting, because won't provide workers the fair compensation that they deserve. Enough is enough. It's wrong, it's greedy, and I stand firmly with and in this fight for justice. 
Ban assault weapons.
My father was an immigrant who came here at 17, without a nickel, and knew no English.That is the story of my family and the story of America—but it is a story that is now under attack by xenophobic demagogues like Trump.We're going to defeat his hatred.
Do you struggle to afford housing? 
Every American should have a fundamental right to affordable housing. We're live in California to talk about how we make that a reality. 
 workers voted to unionize because they are fighting for better pay, better benefits, job security, and respect and dignity on the job.It's time for the Palms' billionaire, Trump-supporting owners to stop ignoring the law and start negotiating with their workers. 
Under Medicare for All, "medical billing" would become obsolete. You shouldn't get a bill for the crime of wanting to be healthy. 
"If you are free, you need to free somebody else. If you have some power, then your job is to empower somebody else." -Toni MorrisonToday we lost an American legend. May she rest in peace. 
 I support   and believe that Senator Bernie Sanders is the candidate who will make it happen! ht…
Thank you Senator Gravel. Together we will end forever wars, fight for an economy that works for all of us, and bring millions of people into the political process. 
 Vista, California: in a packed room of nearly 1000- hands fly as asks how many folks have skipped the doc…
Join our town hall with immigrant workers in Vista, California. 
Most of my father’s family was brutally murdered at the hands of Hitler’s white supremacist regime—a regime which came to power on a wave of violence and hatred against racial and religious minorities.We cannot allow that cancer to grow here.
Today Trump made a statement disavowing hatred and white supremacy.I say to President Trump: Talk is cheap. We need action. Stop the racism. Stop the anti-immigrant bigotry coming out of your mouth. Tell McConnell to pass gun safety legislation the American people want.
We must come together as a nation to reject the dangerous and growing culture of bigotry and hatred espoused by Donald Trump and his allies. 
These mass shootings are terrorist acts of war and we need a national response. 
The federal government must ban assault weapons and implement a buyback program to get assault weapons off the streets.
 We are excited to work together to build a stronger Chispa AZ by advancing racial justice, equity, transparency, and acc…
 We are excited to work together to build a stronger LCV by advancing racial justice, equity, transparency, and accountability…
Mr. President: It's not about what you say. It's about what you do.Stop your hatred, divisiveness  and anti-immigrant rhetoric.If you truly want to be bipartisan, ask McConnell to call the Senate back into session and pass gun safety legislation that Americans are demanding.
We have a president who actively demonizes racial and religious minorities, who coddles Nazis and Klansmen, and who wields white supremacy as a political weapon. 
We need leadership in this country that is unequivocal in condemning violence and hatred.Seeing an American president describe people marching under a swastika as “good people” fills me with anger and disgust. But that anger has to be channeled into nonviolent political action.
We have got to come together as a nation and combat the rise of violent white supremacist extremism.That means redirecting federal resources to address this threat to our national security.
We need to ban the manufacture, sale and transfer of weapons of war. Period.We have got to implement a buyback program to get these weapons off the streets.And we have got to regulate assault weapons in the same way that we currently regulate fully automatic weapons.
Over this past week our country has experienced multiple, unimaginable tragedies using weapons of war.These are terrorist acts of war, and we need a national response. 
Democrats, Republicans, Independents and even gun owners agree, ENOUGH is ENOUGH. It is time to stand up to the NRA and take action to make our communities safer from gun violence.Mitch McConnell, call the Senate back from recess now and pass gun safety legislation.
The days of the NRA controlling Congress and writing our gun laws must end. Join our town hall in Las Vegas.  
There are more than 5 million assault weapons out on the streets of America, which is more than the U.S. military has. That is insane. We must ban the sale, distribution and transfer of assault weapons in the United States.
Mr. President: stop your racist, hateful and anti-immigrant rhetoric. Your language creates a climate which emboldens violent extremists.
If you have had ENOUGH of the epidemic levels of gun violence in this country, consider making a donation to one of the organizations leading the fight to change our gun laws:  
Mitch McConnell should bring the Senate back into session immediately to pass HR 8, the gun safety bill that has already passed the House. That's a first step to addressing our serious gun violence epidemic.
We must treat this violent racism like the security threat that it is. That means investing in law enforcement resources to combat the growing population of white nationalists who are engaging in violence. 4/4
We must come together to reject this dangerous and growing culture of bigotry espoused by Trump and his allies. Instead of wasting money putting children in cages, we must seriously address the scourge of violent bigotry and domestic terrorism. 3/
After every tragedy the Senate, intimidated by the NRA’s power, does nothing. This must change.We need a president and congress that listen to Americans, not the ideology of a right-wing extremist organization.We must pass common sense gun safety legislation. 2/
Another mass shooting, another horrific day for America.Multiple news organizations have reported the gunman shared a racist, anti-immigrant manifesto. If true, let us be clear: this would be yet another white nationalist domestic terror attack. 1/
 Sen.  on the El Paso shooting. “The American people are overwhelmingly united. And that is gun owners and no…
The political revolution continues in Nevada! Join us for a town hall in Las Vegas on the economic crises facing Nevadans. 
Everyone in America, myself included, is devastated by the news of this latest attack in El Paso. Sadly, after each of these tragedies the Senate does nothing. That has got to change.
We need to pay public school teachers at least $60,000 a year.
 I just want to go to work and take care of my patients without for-profit health insurance ; Big Pharma crooks interfering.…
  "I didn’t sign up for Bernie Sanders’s foreign policy.” If you did you might've gotten it right on Iraq, S…
 This video is amazing. 
Felicidades al pueblo de Puerto Rico por movilizarse con éxito y exigir cambio. Después de décadas de declive económico e incremento en los indices de pobreza, el gobierno de Puerto Rico debe responder a las necesidades de la clase trabajadora y no a la avaricia de Wall Street.
Congratulations to the people of Puerto Rico for successfully mobilizing and demanding change. After decades of economic decline and increased poverty, the government of Puerto Rico must respond to the needs of working families and not the greed of Wall Street. 
Parents should not have to sell their house or declare bankruptcy to keep their child alive.Under Medicare for All, if your child is sick, you don't have to worry if you can afford for them to see a pediatrician. They will get the care they need, regardless of your income.
 Every minute of this video is amazing. I'm so glad that is on our team. She makes an incredibly compelling cas…
Listen to Patients don't "love" their costly health insurance plans. They need Medicare for All now. 
As we transition to a clean energy system we cannot abandon communities that have been dependent on coal and other fossil fuels. I stand in solidarity with the Blackjewel miners. I say to Blackjewel: Pay your workers now. 
Taking national security advice from a Cheney has already caused irreparable damage to our country.  We don't need any more, thanks. 
I say to McConnell: Stop being a coward. If you want to vote against a $15 minimum wage, so be it. But don't continue to deny a Senate vote on my bill to raise the minimum wage to a living wage of $15/hour when that is exactly what 67% of Americans demand. 
Here's my message to the Walton family: End your greed. Pay everyone at Walmart a living wage of $15 an hour. 
I know a thing or two about the greed of the health care industry. I’ve been fighting them my whole life. 
  is the best candidate to beat Trump and drive the transformational change that we need to create a country…
Climate change is a national emergency. It’s past time we started acting like it. 
 I expected attacks from pharma ; insurance companies on  but not from Dem presidential candidates. Ti…
 It took great movements of working class people to get Social Security, minimum wage, FDIC ; New Deal.Think about what…
Our for-profit health care system is completely broken.Medicare for All means no more out-of-network costs and surprise bills. If you need to go to the hospital, you will not come out bankrupt—ever. 
There is no rational reason why insulin and other life-saving medications should cost ten times more in the United States than in Canada.
On Day 1 of my administration we will allow Americans to purchase low-cost prescription drugs from Canada. 
My condolences go out to the members of for the passing of their former President, Morty Bahr. He helped lead efforts against privatization, deregulation and rising inequality. Today, we owe it to Morty to continue the fight to grow the trade union movement. 
I'm not only going to be Commander in Chief. I am going to be Organizer in Chief. 
 AHEAD: joins following the  in Detroit.We’ll hear his take on his Democratic rival…
 TOMORROW: Senator will join us live for his first network interview following the  in Detroit…
It is not enough to defeat Donald Trump. We must end the corruption of the ruling class by building a mass movement of people and transforming the country. 
I said greedy health care companies would buy ads lying about Medicare for All during CNN's debate. I was right. We're going to end their greed. 
 Are you a student? Are you committed to the political revolution? Are you excited about becoming the next Pr…
Pete Buttigieg is right. We need a candidate with the right vision for America. 
They should be scared. We're going to win and end their greed. 
This is the power of our movement.Since yesterday, we've raised more than $1.1 million from 70,000 donations.We are going to defeat Donald Trump because we have a mass movement of people ready to fight for justice. 
Democrats should not be using Republican talking points about Medicare for All.The truth: Medicare for All will save the American people money and end the disgrace of our profit-driven system. 
I'm angry because multi-millionaires like you and Trump have rigged our economy at the middle class' expense.I'm angry because millions are living paycheck to paycheck.I'm angry because 34 million Americans are uninsured.Why doesn't that anger you? 
  opposed the Iraq War when it was unpopular.He supported my War Powers Resolution to end involvement in Yeme…
She’s right. 
I'm not just running to defeat the most dangerous president in our history, who is a racist, a sexist and a homophobe.I'm running to transform this country and to stand with the working class of America. 
Bernie just won the  Tune in - we're taking as many questions as we can about tonight's biggest moments. 
A few days ago, I took diabetics across the border to Canada to buy insulin.There, it costs 1/10th the price that it does in the United States. That tells us a great deal about our health care system today.  
It's disappointing to hear Democrats repeating lies from the health insurance industry to attack Medicare for All. They tried to tell Bernie what was in the bill.Well Bernie wrote the damn bill. Chip in right now and get our new sticker.
Don't tell me what's in Medicare for All. I wrote the damn bill! Make a contribution and get our sticker now.
Don't tell me what's in Medicare for All. I wrote the damn bill! Make a contribution to send a message that we will win Medicare for All, and we will send you a sticker to say thanks.
I challenge all my opponents: put the American people first. Join me in pledging not to take contributions from the health insurance or pharmaceutical industry.  
It's disappointing to hear Democrats repeating lies from the health insurance industry to attack Medicare for All. They tried to tell Bernie what was in the bill.Well Bernie wrote the damn bill. Chip in right now and get our new sticker.
Don't tell me what's in Medicare for All. I wrote the damn bill! Make a contribution and get our sticker now.
Don't tell me what's in Medicare for All. I wrote the damn bill! Make a contribution to send a message that we will win Medicare for All, and we will send you a sticker to say thanks.
Don't tell me what's in Medicare for All. I wrote the damn bill! Make a contribution and send a message that we will win Medicare for All.
Don't tell me what's in Medicare for All. I wrote the damn bill! Make a contribution and send a message that we will win Medicare for All.
Don't tell me what's in Medicare for All. I wrote the damn bill! Make a contribution and send a message that we will win Medicare for All.
Don't tell me what's in Medicare for All. I wrote the damn bill! Make a contribution and send a message that we will win Medicare for All.
Trump is a pathological liar. I tell the truth. 
The health care industry will spend millions to defeat us and protect their profits. But we're going to win.  
If anyone thinks that corporate America gives a damn about the average American you are mistaken.If they can save 5 cents they will ship jobs to China. 
It's disappointing to hear Democrats repeating lies from the health insurance industry to attack Medicare for All. They tried to tell Bernie what was in the bill.Well Bernie wrote the damn bill. Chip in right now to show them we are ready for a Medicare for All.
It's disappointing to hear Democrats repeating lies from the health insurance industry to attack Medicare for All. They tried to tell Bernie what was in the bill.Well Bernie wrote the damn bill. Chip in right now to show them we are ready for a Medicare for All.
It's disappointing to hear Democrats repeating lies from the health insurance industry to attack Medicare for All. They tried to tell Bernie what was in the bill.Well Bernie wrote the damn bill. Chip in right now to show them we are ready for a Medicare for All.
It's disappointing to hear Democrats repeating lies from the health insurance industry to attack Medicare for All. They tried to tell Bernie what was in the bill.Well Bernie wrote the damn bill. Chip in right now to show them we are ready for a Medicare for All.
Don't tell me what's in Medicare for All. I wrote the damn bill! Make a contribution and send a message that we will win Medicare for All.
Don't tell me what's in Medicare for All. I wrote the damn bill! Make a contribution and send a message that we will win Medicare for All.
Don't tell me what's in Medicare for All. I wrote the damn bill! Make a contribution and send a message that we will win Medicare for All.
Don't tell me what's in Medicare for All. I wrote the damn bill! Make a contribution and send a message that we will win Medicare for All.
well adapted version of their sticker tweet:Don't tell me what's in Medicare for All. I wrote the damn bill!Make a contribution and send a message that we will win Medicare for All.
We are going to defeat Donald Trump (and beat him badly) because we are going to expose him as a fraud and a phony.  
Don't tell me what's in Medicare for All. I wrote the damn bill!  a contribution and get our sticker now ; 
I get a little tired of Democrats afraid of big ideas. If Republicans could give trillions in tax breaks to billionaires, please don't tell me we cannot take on the fossil fuel industry. 
Mark my words: We are going to defeat Donald Trump and beat him badly.  
 "Maybe you did that and made money off healthcare, but our job is to run a nonprofit healthcare system" 
Una madre y niño que caminan 1,000 millas huyendo de la violencia no son criminales. Fin de la discusión. 
  is right. Amazon paid $0 in taxes on over $10 billion in profits. All while the avg American pays $10,489 in ta…
 Bernie Sanders said in his opening statement that half of Americans are “living paycheck to paycheck."That's true, according to…
We must end the epidemic of gun violence in this country. As president I will:✅ take on the NRA✅ expand background checks✅ end the gun show loophole✅ ban the sale and distribution of assault weapons.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
I wrote the damn bill!   
We're a bit behind where we need to be to reach our July fundraising goal, and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution by July 31 at midnight?
We're a bit behind where we need to be to reach our July fundraising goal, and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution by July 31 at midnight?
Can you chip in before July 31 to help us hit our monthly fundraising goals? Our average contribution is just $19, so it takes a LOT of donations to keep up with our opponents who collect big checks
Can you chip in before July 31 to help us hit our monthly fundraising goals? Our average contribution is just $19, so it takes a LOT of donations to keep up with our opponents who collect big checks
A mother and child who walk 1,000 miles fleeing violence are not criminals. End of discussion. 
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
Medicare for All means expanding benefits to include dental care, eyeglasses and hearing aids. I know that because I wrote the damn bill. 
It's disappointing to see some Democrats repeating a lie you normally hear from health insurance lobbyists to attack Medicare for All. In a Bernie Sanders administration, hospitals that provide necessary care to their communities will stay open, period. 
Amy Vilela's daughter died because of the greed of our health care system. We need Medicare for All. Nothing less.  
There are millions of people who HAVE insurance who still can’t afford to go to the doctor, or come out of the hospital bankrupt.Medicare for All means:✅ no copays✅ no deductibles✅ no premiums 
John Delaney is wrong. We cannot allow private health insurance companies to make billions in profits while Americans die because they can't afford health care.  
Cada año, millones de personas pierden su seguro médico. Si desea seguridad y libertad de elección en un sistema de atención médica que no lo llevará a la bancarrota, la respuesta es Medicare para todos. 
Tonight 34 million Americans are uninsured but health insurance and drug companies made $100 billion in profits last year.People are homeless but companies like Amazon did not pay a nickel in income tax.We have to come together to transform this country.  
Tens of millions of people lose their health insurance every year. If you want security and freedom of choice in a health care system which will not bankrupt you, the answer is Medicare for All. 
 News Flash:   
The second Democratic debate with Bernie Sanders is about to start. What do you want to see tonight? Join the conversation and donate at  
Can you chip in before July 31 to help us hit our monthly fundraising goals? Our average contribution is just $19, so it takes a LOT of donations to keep up with our opponents who collect big checks.
Can you chip in before July 31 to help us hit our monthly fundraising goals? Our average contribution is just $19, so it takes a LOT of donations to keep up with our opponents who collect big checks.
We're a bit behind where we need to be to reach our July fundraising goal, and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution by July 31 at midnight?
We're a bit behind where we need to be to reach our July fundraising goal, and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution by July 31 at midnight?
Tonight I'll be on stage at the second Democratic debate. Coming up soon: tune in at 7 ET for a live pre-show with Team Bernie at  
 I appreciate the robust healthcare debate my Democratic colleagues have brought to the table. But as lead sponsor of 
54 years ago today, LBJ signed Medicare into law, guaranteeing health care to people 65 and older.At the time it was called "socialist" by opponents. Half a century later it is still incredibly popular.When we are in the White House, we will expand Medicare to ALL.
 Hey guys make sure ya watch the debate tonight!
 Waiting in line to get into the Fox  Theatre for the Democratic Presidential Debate! So honored to be Senator 
Are you ready for a radical statement? When elected president I will not reappoint Betsy DeVos as Education Secretary. 
Can you chip in before July 31 to help us hit our monthly fundraising goals? Our average contribution is just $19, so it takes a LOT of donations to keep up with our opponents who collect big checks
Can you chip in before July 31 to help us hit our monthly fundraising goals? Our average contribution is just $19, so it takes a LOT of donations to keep up with our opponents who collect big checks
We're a bit behind where we need to be to reach our July fundraising goal, and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution by July 31 at midnight?
We're a bit behind where we need to be to reach our July fundraising goal, and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution by July 31 at midnight?
Can you chip in before July 31 to help us hit our monthly fundraising goals? Our average contribution is just $19, so it takes a LOT of donations to keep up with our opponents who collect big checks.
Can you chip in before July 31 to help us hit our monthly fundraising goals? Our average contribution is just $19, so it takes a LOT of donations to keep up with our opponents who collect big checks.
We're a bit behind where we need to be to reach our July fundraising goal, and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution by July 31 at midnight?
We're a bit behind where we need to be to reach our July fundraising goal, and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution by July 31 at midnight?
I don't think the purpose of government should be to protect the wealth of the rich and powerful corporations like it does today. I think it should be to support the needs of working people.
My pledge: to not take contributions from the health insurance or pharmaceutical industry and instead prioritize the health of the American people over health industry profits. I ask all my fellow candidates to do the same: 
Unlike Trump, I grew up in a rent-controlled apartment.Unlike Trump, I don't think we should slash federal housing programs, raise rents on low-income Americans and encourage gentrification.Unlike Trump, I believe housing is a right.
The billionaire class will be behind Trump with endless amounts of money. We need an energized population of young people, working-class people and people of color—and the largest voter turnout by far in history—to beat him. And our campaign is going to do that.
Can you chip in before July 31 to help us hit our monthly fundraising goals? Our average contribution is just $19, so it takes a LOT of donations to keep up with our opponents who collect big checks.
Can you chip in before July 31 to help us hit our monthly fundraising goals? Our average contribution is just $19, so it takes a LOT of donations to keep up with our opponents who collect big checks.
We're a bit behind where we need to be to reach our July fundraising goal, and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution by July 31 at midnight?
We're a bit behind where we need to be to reach our July fundraising goal, and Bernie is counting on you to help close the gap. Can you make a contribution by July 31 at midnight?
Today and I finally met. We had a great conversation about the future of America. And let me tell you: Cardi B is right.Together, we’ll get millions of young people involved in the political process and transform this country. Stay tuned for our video coming soon! 
I have been criticized for saying this, but I do not believe CEOs of pharmaceutical companies should be making tens of millions of dollars a year while working people are dying from rationing their medicine.
 With and other elected officials/community leaders honoring this community's work to reco…
We cannot continue to allow private health insurance companies to make massive profits by denying care to those that need it. That is fundamentally immoral and that is why we need Medicare for All.
Why does Trump continue to use racism, bigotry and xenophobia to divide us?Because he can only win when the people of this country turn against each other.We are much more powerful than him, and the rest of the billionaire class, when we are united.
Greed is the religion of the billionaire class. And a nation based on greed will not survive morally, economically or politically.That is why we fight to take power back from the billionaires and put it in the hands of the people, where it belongs.
 Talk about it ...they hate to see it. 
I can’t believe I have to say this: No child is a criminal and no child should be put into cages. We need real immigration reform that treats people with dignity. 
It will take political courage and a mass movement of people, but the bottom line is: we do not have to tolerate that one in five adults in America cannot afford their prescriptions while pharmaceutical company CEOs make millions.
The IBU just voted to strike for the first time in 42 years. They are striking for better working conditions and fully-funded ferry service for the community. I stand with the IBU in this and urge to bargain in good faith with these workers. 
Trump's lies and racism never end. While I have been fighting to lift the people of Baltimore and elsewhere out of poverty with good paying jobs, housing and health care, he has been attacking workers and the poor. 
This is sickening to wake up to. Our corrupt political system, which is controlled by the gun lobby, has a lot of waking up to do.When our children are being shot in places that should be safest, we're failing. Let's get serious about gun control. 
This family was able to save $10,000 buying insulin for their son in Canada, where the exact same insulin is one-tenth the price.The profits the drug companies are making ripping off the American people is scandalous, it is outrageous and it has got to end. 
 Hunter Sego started rationing his insulin when he found…
This vial of insulin costs just $6 to manufacture.At this pharmacy in Windsor, Ontario, it can be purchased for $32. Twenty minutes away, in Detroit, the same exact vial costs $340.It is time for a government that works for the American people, not drug companies' profits. 
 Incredibly emotional moment in Canada: "Today I saved $10,000. $1000 got me 6 months of insulin for my so…
 🇨🇦: insulin manufactured for around $6🇺🇸: insulin manufactured for around $6🇨🇦: insulin costs $32🇺🇸: insulin costs…
Three drug companies control 90 percent of the insulin market, and year after year they raise the price of insulin at the same levels.I will appoint an Attorney General who will enforce our antitrust laws, and executives caught engaging in price-fixing will go to jail.
 "Three drug companies made $14.5 billion in profit last year, control 90% of the insulin in this country, it's just an a…
 Traveling to 🇨🇦 today w/  and a group of ppl w/ type 1 diabetes who desperately need affordable insulin. For…
 I’m incredibly overwhelmed seeing all the tweets about this trip. I vividly remember dropping a vial of Lantus when I was 1…
  buys a vial of insulin that will last her 1-2 weeks. It retails on average for $340 in the U.S. In Canada it s…
 Es increíble que se pueda comprar insulina en Canada por una décima parte de lo que se compra en USA. Bernie Sanders d…
LIVE NOW: I’m in Canada with diabetics buying insulin at one-tenth the price that they pay in the U.S. We will take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry. 
 This is something that must change and will get it done. It is a crime that you can buy the same medici…
 Sen. Bernie Sanders visits Canadian pharmacy with US citizens getting insulin. Big crowd gathered 
 “Think about the kind of profits they’re making in the United States. It is scandalous. It is outrageous and it cannot co…
 Good morning from the bus  is taking to Canada with a group of people with Type I diabetes. We’re in Windso…
  holds up a vile of insulin that he’s told $340 on average in the US and lasts about one to two weeks fo…
I just boarded the bus in Detroit with diabetics, on our way to Windsor, Canada, to buy affordable insulin.Americans are paying $300 for insulin. In Canada they can purchase it for $30. We are going to end pharma’s greed. 
 This morning goes from Detroit to Windsor, OT, accompanying Diabetes patients purchasing cheaper insulin in C…
After decades of economic decline and increased poverty, the government of Puerto Rico must finally respond to the needs of struggling working families, and not the greed of vulture capitalists from Wall Street who have exacerbated the financial crisis on the island. 
The fossil fuel companies lied to us about climate change for decades, and they are not going to help us solve our climate crisis now. We are going to save this planet by taking them on and building an unprecedented movement for a Green New Deal.
Here's what's really going on: has been busy revealing the failures of the Trump administration and exposing the greed of Trump’s friends in the pharmaceutical industry, and our racist president doesn't like it.  
“He is the leader in trying to stop what’s happening in Yemen, which is one of the great atrocities and horrors of the world today. and discuss our vision for a new foreign policy on this week’s Hear the Bern:  
 Another caravan to Canada to get cheaper insulin! Hopefully the coverage makes more people aware of the struggle we face…
 Senator, this is my mother. She died of diabetes in 2009. I thank you for continuing this fight for her,…
The inventors of insulin sold the patent for just $1 so it would be available to all.97 years later, Americans are dying because drugmakers like Eli Lilly charge $300 for a vial of insulin. Tomorrow I will be joining diabetics to buy insulin in Canada for one-tenth the price. 
We must undo the damage Trump has done to the rights of home care workers. We will enact a domestic workers bill of rights and guarantee these workers a living wage, workplace safety protections, fair scheduling, and protect their right to organize. 
I relish the idea of defeating Donald Trump, the most dangerous president in history. But more importantly, I look forward to working with millions of you to create a government based on love and compassion, not hate and greed. 
The pharmaceutical industry is the biggest bunch of crooks in this country.When I am president, we are going to end their greed and slash prices for prescription drugs. 
Rally with Bernie in Santa Monica ; 
Donald Trump said he'd be a different kind of Republican. Instead, he has continued the same attacks on Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security.We are not going to abandon our seniors. Every American has a right to a secure retirement. 
 Wow, I'm extremely excited I had this amazing chance to talk about the Green New Deal, and inspiring histo…
A vial of insulin costs $300 in the United States.On Sunday, I'm joining a group of diabetics to go across the border to Canada, where the same medicine — the exact same — costs $30. 
You do not have to pull out your credit card when you drop your child off at school or when you call the fire department.You shouldn't have to when you are sick and need to see a doctor. That is what Medicare for All will deliver.
I stand with hotel workers fighting for protections from sexual assault and fair compensation for their work. Everyone deserves dignity in the workplace. 
 The Bernie + climate and class struggle mash-up the people deserve!! 🌹🌎 
No amount of dealmaking in Washington is going to get the fossil fuel industry to give up their greed. That is never how change has taken place.To prevent the worst effects of climate change, we need a mass movement for a Green New Deal. 
 This story is incredible. We all need to be in this fight with 
The is exactly right. This merger will lead to higher costs, worse service, and lost jobs. If the great trust buster Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, I know what he’d say: break them up. 
 Bernie beats Trump. 
Every person with a disability deserves the right to live in the community and have the services and supports they need to pursue the American Dream. This right must be available to all, free of waiting lists and means tests. It is our moral responsibility to make it happen.
We must guarantee people with disabilities the right to live in the community; truly integrated employment that pays a living wage; affordable, accessible housing; and the right to health care, including mental health care and home and community based services and supports.
Today, as we commemorate the 29th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, we must recommit to championing the rights of people with disabilities. As a nation, we have a moral responsibility to ensure that all people with disabilities have their rights protected.
  is not alone — 35,000 American families go through this. We will not stop fighting until we get Medicar…
 Can’t believe Believe me and my mom are on a Bernie video!!! We’ve been dreaming about this day for a while! We’re very grea…
 SATURDAY IN DETROIT: Opening for the Senator from Vermont, BERNIE SANDERS! Thrilled to be a part of this. 
 Today out with a another video spot featuring whose daughter died at 22 
 "She had a blood clot, a preventable disease. We’re talking about a couple thousand dollars in treatment. I don’t want a…
 As long as health care is treated as a commodity, we will continue to see needless suffering and anguish like what Amy…
 Please take 3 mins to hear story. She went through what no parent should ever have to go through b/c…
 Thank you for sharing ; being a voice for the voiceless.As I fight in Federal court for the EMTALA viol…
Thousands of Americans die every year because they cannot afford to see a doctor. Sadly, daughter was one of them.We fight for Medicare for All because no parent should have to go through that pain just so a few companies can make more in profit. 
 EXCLUSIVE: joins on  LIVE this Sunday from Tune in! 
 Great reminder of why Sanders' policies are pro-women. 
To me, an $18 check or a $27 check from a working person is worth more than all the money in the world from millionaires.I’m proud we hit 2 million contributions faster than any campaign in history. Make a contribution today —&gt;
Thanks for having me on tonight 
"Bernie was fighting for a woman's right to choose before I was born.""Lifting the floor to a living wage would help millions of women.""He's on our side and always has been."Hear why these women are with our campaign. 
Donald Trump is a racist and a liar, but he is not stupid. He thinks he can win re-election by picking on minorities.This is not a moment to throw our hands up in despair. This is a moment to take on racism, sexism and homophobia and fight for the nation we know we must become. 
If there ever were a time for incremental approaches to climate change, that time is over. 
 Gettin’ the band back together with Senator tomorrow in Santa Monica, California. Click the link for mor…
If you are poor, no matter how bright you are, you cannot afford to work an internship for poverty wages or no wages at all. It is time to recognize that work is work and every worker must receive a living wage. 
Under our current dysfunctional health care system, even people with private health insurance get stuck with unpayable bills.Under Medicare for All, there will be no unexpected bills, no copayments, no deductibles and no premiums. 
The United States is the only major country in the world that makes sick people check to see if their hospital or doctor is "in-network" before getting care.Under Medicare for All you will be able to see any doctor and go to any hospital you want. 
The beauty of a Medicare for all system is its simplicity.If your child is sick, you do not have to worry about out-of-network cost or copayments for them to see a pediatrician — they will get the care they need, free at the point of service. 
The 99: and talk Organizing and how to join this movement. Watch to the end for a special guest... 
No one should be saddled with a $300,000 bill because they had a child.Under Medicare for All, there will be no copayments, deductibles or premiums. 
After months of protests led by immigrant communities, and allies from all over the country, the former internment compound at Fort Sill will NOT be used as a child detention center.When we stand together, we win. We are not going to let Trump dehumanize our neighbors. 
Once we transition to Medicare for All you will never have to switch insurance providers ever again. And you will never get stuck with a copayment you can't afford. 
Have you been stuck with a huge medical bill? Share your story with Bernie during his health care town hall happening now. 
Kids cannot learn if they are hungry, and kids in the richest country on the planet should not be going hungry.When I am president we are going to provide year-round, free, universal school meals.
When elected president, I will NOT appoint an Education Secretary anything like Betsy DeVos.Here's a radical idea: maybe we appoint someone who knows something about public education.
Bernie gives a major education speech to educators at Leadership Conference in Los Angeles 
9 years ago, 1.2 million gallons of crude oil spilled from Enbridge's 6B pipeline into the Kalamazoo River.Today, with the climate crisis worsening, we must  pipeline in Michigan and ban all new fossil fuel infrastructure. What we need is a Green New Deal.
 I look forward to spending the next 16 months working, listening, writing, and speaking as a Surrogate in support of th…
When the people stand together and fight back, we win. 
 I’m gonna be playing a short solo acoustic set at the rally in Santa Monica this Friday evening 7/26!!…
There’s enough violence in the world. The government shouldn’t add to it. When I am president, we will abolish the death penalty. 
"If working Americans are too busy fighting with one another, we will never address the very real and deep problems our country faces — from climate change to soaring inequality to lack of quality affordable health care." - 
In 1999 I traveled to Canada with breast cancer patients and watched as they, with tears in their eyes, finally received the medicine they could not afford in the United States.This Sunday we're going back with diabetics to purchase insulin at one-tenth the price. 
It has been ten years since the federal minimum wage was last raised. Since then:📈Education expenses are up 65%📈Food costs are up 26%📈Health care costs are up 21%📈Housing prices are up 16%$7.25 is a poverty wage. We need a living wage — at least $15 an hour.
While I'm very proud of the work we did to pass a War Powers Resolution to end U.S. support for the devastating Saudi-led war in Yemen, we must reverse the disastrous policies that got us here in the first place. When we are in the White House, we will do this on Day 1. (3/3)
Unfortunately, because of Donald Trump's Muslim ban, Mr. AlHasbani's family can't join him in Michigan and escape the catastrophe that the U.S. helped create in Yemen. (2/3)
Great to meet today with Ibrahim AlHasbani, who fled war in Yemen and now runs -- a very successful coffee business here in Dearborn, MI. Our country has always benefited from those who come here seeking refuge and a better life. (1/3) 
As president, I will implement a simple process: If you are a citizen 18 years or older, you are eligible to vote. End of discussion.
 Sen. is right! Americans don't like private insurance corporations, which exist to deny care to people who ne…
I can’t believe I have to say this: The United States is not about putting kids into cages.We need real immigration reform that treats people with dignity.
Far too many black Americans have died as a result of racial disparities in our health care system. There is no time to wait for racial justice and health care for all. 
 "We need to change the priorities of America. No more tax breaks for billionaires. We need to invest in healthcare and ed…
  "This is the richest nation in the world. 40 million people should not be living in poverty and half a million…
Unlike the President of the United States, I happen to believe in democracy and human rights.
We will defeat Donald Trump, the most dangerous president in history, by fighting for a bold, progressive agenda. 
 Trump is pushing policies that hurt poor ; low income whites ; people of color. The tweets are the distraction. Greed is t…
Next time you pay an outrageous price for a copayment or prescription, think about this: Over the last 20 years, the drug industry and insurance companies have spent $4 billion lobbying Congress.They're used to writing the rules in Washington. When we win, that is going to end.
 Because  Should Be Enough: with airline catering worker Stephanie at Washington DC's National Airport. 
I held an impromptu town hall on the streets of Burlington to hear people's stories about our dysfunctional health care system.This is why we fight for Medicare for All. 
The 99 is live from Bernie's rally with UNITE HERE airport workers fighting for a living wage.  American Airlines made $1.9 billion in profit last year — they can afford to pay their workers a living wage. 
It would be a nice idea for Donald Trump to read the Constitution of the United States. 
Denali Stuckey should be alive today.Over 140 trans women have been killed since 2013. We must all stand with the trans community against this bigotry, hate and violence. 
Americans are dying because we are the only major country that allows drug companies to raise prices to whatever they want, whenever they want.On Sunday I am joining diabetics and crossing the border to Canada to buy insulin for one-tenth the price. 
Trump gave a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the Top 1% but now wants to endanger 3 million people by cutting their food stamps.We need a government that works for everyone, not one that serves the rich and attacks the poor. 
We just experienced the hottest June in at least the last 140 years.I do not want our children and grandchildren to look back and ask why we didn't do everything we could to address climate change. 
 George is a fellow justice warrior from  Like many Nevadans, he 's struggling to survive w/o a living wage ; hea…
 🚨BREAKING: welcomes Sen. ; Rep. to Reagan Nat'l Airport Tom. late…
Over the last nine years, corporations have spent $3.8 TRILLION to buy back their own stock and enrich their executives rather than raise worker wages or provide good benefits.That is the rigged economy we are going to end.
Estoy con el pueblo de Puerto Rico en su lucha contra la corrupción y me uno a ellos para reclamar la renuncia inmediata del Gobernador Ricardo Rosselló.
Medicare for All means no out-of-network costs and no surprise bills.It means complete freedom as to the doctor, hospital or clinic of your choice.It means moving on from a broken system that puts millions of us one diagnosis away from bankruptcy. 
It does not make sense that hedge fund managers make millions while home health care workers like George Allen are paid $9 an hour and forced to ration their medicine. 
Medicare for All now! 
The desire to see, hear and have teeth in your mouth is a part of health care.Medicare for All improves Medicare to guarantee every man, woman and child in America can get the eyeglasses, hearing aids and dental care they need.
Joe Biden is attacking Medicare for All with misinformation straight out of the playbook of Donald Trump, Mitch McConnell and the health insurance industry. 
I wish we didn't have to say this, but it is the damn truth and we have to say it: We have a president who is a racist and a xenophobe. His goal is to turn us against one another.
The political revolution continues in Iowa. Join us in Fort Madison for a rally with State Rep. Jeff Kurtz! 
There is no justice when we have one system for the rich and another system for the poor. It is time to end cash bail.
I ask you to judge me by the enemies I have made. 
Puerto Rico deserves a governor who is accountable, transparent, and capable of leading the island to recovery after Hurricane Maria, which was almost two years ago. The federal government must provide full support in this effort.
I stand with the people of Puerto Rico in their fight against corruption and join them in calling for the immediate resignation of Governor Rosselló.
Instead of spending $1.5 trillion on weapons to kill one other, let us unite against the common enemy that is climate change.
If investment banker Joel Freedman is able to close Philadelphia's Hahnemann hospital to build luxury condos, more vulture capitalists around the country will do the same.Hear why the fight to save Hahnamann is all of our fight on the new Hear the Bern:  
For a senior taking brand name medications, the yearly price of those medications was more than $30,000 in 2017, more than most seniors’ annual income.Under Medicare for All, the drug industry's greed is going to end.
I have been dealing with the pharmaceutical industry for 20 years. I am their worst nightmare.
It makes no sense that billionaires pay no more into Social Security than someone making $132,900 a year.We will lift the Social Security payroll tax cap and provide a $1,300 a year benefit increase for the most vulnerable seniors.
Everyone in America should have a right to a secure retirement.As president, I will sign an executive order imposing a moratorium on future pension cuts and reversing the cuts to retirement benefits that have already been made.
Today, we stand in solidarity with the in Baltimore fighting alongside their patients to end  management needs to cancel their medical debt lawsuits against low income families and respect the rights of its RNs to form a union! ✊  
 This just happened at senior town hall in Council Bluffs. covers ✅ Dental care✅ Hearin…
What if maybe—just maybe—in the wealthiest country on Earth we provided year-round, free universal school meals to all our kids, instead of threatening to rip them away from their parents? 
 Oooooooowee,  Manchester, NH! We are in the house today! Thank you for what you are doing to help
What kind of economy lets the top 0.00025% of the population own more wealth than the bottom 150 million?A rigged economy.That ends when we are in the White House.
Remember: the Walton family makes more money in 1 minute than Walmart workers do in a year.Trump wants people to think that immigrants are why people are struggling. No. It is the billionaire class that is transferring massive amounts of wealth away from working people.
Medicare for All is not only the moral thing to do. It is not only the economic thing to do. It is what the American people want. 
A great nation is judged not by how many millionaires and billionaires it has, or by the size of its military budget. A truly great nation is one that is filled with compassion and solidarity.
While some of our opponents rake in millions from lavish fundraisers and ultra-wealthy donors this quarter, we’re working towards getting one million grassroots donors to our campaign. Help us get there by making a donation right now.
While some of our opponents rake in millions from lavish fundraisers and ultra-wealthy donors this quarter, we’re working towards getting one million grassroots donors to our campaign. Help us get there by making a donation right now.
While some of our opponents rake in millions from lavish fundraisers and ultra-wealthy donors this quarter, we’re working towards getting one million grassroots donors to our campaign. Help us get there by making a donation right now.
While some of our opponents rake in millions from lavish fundraisers and ultra-wealthy donors this quarter, we’re working towards getting one million grassroots donors to our campaign. Help us get there by making a donation right now.
We have an outside shot of making history by getting 1 million campaign donors this quarter. Last time, we didn’t reach that number until the Iowa Caucus, and that was already faster than any campaign in history.Help us do it even faster this time by making a contribution now.
We have an outside shot of making history by getting 1 million campaign donors this quarter. Last time, we didn’t reach that number until the Iowa Caucus, and that was already faster than any campaign in history.Help us do it even faster this time by making a contribution now.
We have an outside shot of making history by getting 1 million campaign donors this quarter. Last time, we didn’t reach that number until the Iowa Caucus, and that was already faster than any campaign in history.Help us do it even faster this time by making a contribution now.
We have an outside shot of making history by getting 1 million campaign donors this quarter. Last time, we didn’t reach that number until the Iowa Caucus, and that was already faster than any campaign in history.Help us do it even faster this time by making a contribution now.
We’ve set a YUGE goal of hitting 1 million donors faster than any other campaign in history. Contribute right now to help us prove that our campaign is the best one to beat Trump and transform this country.
We’ve set a YUGE goal of hitting 1 million donors faster than any other campaign in history. Contribute right now to help us prove that our campaign is the best one to beat Trump and transform this country.
We’ve set a YUGE goal of hitting 1 million donors faster than any other campaign in history. Contribute right now to help us prove that our campaign is the best one to beat Trump and transform this country.
We’ve set a YUGE goal of hitting 1 million donors faster than any other campaign in history. Contribute right now to help us prove that our campaign is the best one to beat Trump and transform this country.
We need your help to do something no one has ever done so quickly: reaching 1 MILLION donors. Hitting this milestone this soon will show the establishment that our grassroots movement can beat Donald Trump and transform our country. Donate today to help us hit one million donors.
We need your help to do something no one has ever done so quickly: reaching 1 MILLION donors. Hitting this milestone this soon will show the establishment that our grassroots movement can beat Donald Trump and transform our country. Donate today to help us hit one million donors.
We need your help to do something no one has ever done so quickly: reaching 1 MILLION donors. Hitting this milestone this soon will show the establishment that our grassroots movement can beat Donald Trump and transform our country. Donate today to help us hit one million donors.
We need your help to do something no one has ever done so quickly: reaching 1 MILLION donors. Hitting this milestone this soon will show the establishment that our grassroots movement can beat Donald Trump and transform our country. Donate today to help us hit one million donors.
The federal student debt in the U.S. right now: over $1,633,600,000,000The federal student debt in the U.S. when we are in the White House: $0
I am very appreciative to have support in our fight for justice. 
 Bernie Sanders: Americans are drowning in student debt. Here's my plan to fix it 
Abolish the Electoral College. 
Amazon didn't pay anything in federal income taxes last year. Not a nickel!Meanwhile Jeff Bezos is worth over $160 billion and is spending his money on going to outer space while millions of our people struggle.That is what a rigged economy looks like. 
 The American people deserve  It won’t happen w/out a grassroots movement. Join us for a webinar about the det…
 ¿Qué es el centrismo? ¿Qué es lo que él cree que aportó desde su rol para la vida de los estadounidenses? ¿Por qué no d…
We must have a health care debate on the facts, not fear-mongering. 
This is how our corrupt political system works: Dow Chemical gives $1 million to Trump's inaugural committee. In return Trump allows Dow Chemical to make huge profits off a dangerous chemical.We must put people over profits and end our corrupt campaign finance system. 
June was the hottest month ever recorded.Channai, India, a city of 9 million, is running out of water.Unprecedented heatwaves, floods and wildfires are devastating communities here.The time for incremental approaches to climate change is over. We need a Green New Deal.
Voting is a right. Americans with disabilities deserve accessible voting and elected leaders that prioritize issues that matter to their community.This National Disability Voter Registration Week, let’s fight for full inclusion and accessibility in voting and everywhere else. 
A President who leads racist chants at rallies, hurls insults at Congresswomen, and divides us by our religion, where we were born, or our sexual orientation has no right to lead. We must stand in solidarity with Rep. Omar because she is what America is supposed to be about.
Ilhan and I have worked together on a number of important issues since she was elected – most recently our effort to cancel all student debt in this country.Help ensure her voice is with us in Congress for a long time to come: Split a contribution between our campaigns.
A President who leads racist chants at rallies, hurls insults at Congresswomen, and divides us by our religion, where we were born, or our sexual orientation has no right to lead. We must stand in solidarity with Rep. Omar because she is what America is supposed to be about.
Ilhan and I have worked together on a number of important issues since she was elected – most recently our effort to cancel all student debt in this country.Help ensure her voice is with us in Congress for a long time to come: Split a contribution between our campaigns.
A President who leads racist chants at rallies, hurls insults at Congresswomen, and divides us by our religion, where we were born, or our sexual orientation has no right to lead. We must stand in solidarity with Rep. Omar because she is what America is supposed to be about.
A President who leads racist chants at rallies, hurls insults at Congresswomen, and divides us by our religion, where we were born, or our sexual orientation has no right to lead. We must stand in solidarity with Rep. Omar because she is what America is supposed to be about.
Ilhan has incredible courage. She won’t back down to Trump’s racism and hate, and neither will we. Today Ilhan needs our support.Can you help by splitting a contribution between her campaign and ours? Send a message that we will fight back against Trump’s racism.
Ilhan and I have worked together on a number of important issues since she was elected – most recently our effort to cancel all student debt in this country.Help ensure her voice is with us in Congress for a long time to come: Split a contribution between our campaigns.
Ilhan and I have worked together on a number of important issues since she was elected – most recently our effort to cancel all student debt in this country.Help ensure her voice is with us in Congress for a long time to come: Split a contribution between our campaigns.
Ilhan has incredible courage. She won’t back down to Trump’s racism and hate, and neither will we. Today Ilhan needs our support.Can you help by splitting a contribution between her campaign and ours? Send a message that we will fight back against Trump’s racism.
Ilhan has incredible courage. She won’t back down to Trump’s racism and hate, and neither will we. Today Ilhan needs our support.Can you help by splitting a contribution between her campaign and ours? Send a message that we will fight back against Trump’s racism.
I was with Ilhan Omar when we heard that thousands of people at a Trump rally were chanting “send her back.”Trump is a demagogue dividing and conquering through hate. She won’t back down and neither will I. Chip in to help us say NO to the hatred Trump wants to foment.
I was with Ilhan Omar when we heard that thousands of people at a Trump rally were chanting “send her back.”Trump is a demagogue dividing and conquering through hate. She won’t back down and neither will I. Chip in to help us say NO to the hatred Trump wants to foment.
I was with Ilhan Omar when we heard that thousands of people at a Trump rally were chanting “send her back.”Trump is a demagogue dividing and conquering through hate. She won’t back down and neither will I. Chip in to help us say NO to the hatred Trump wants to foment.
I was with Ilhan Omar when we heard that thousands of people at a Trump rally were chanting “send her back.”Trump is a demagogue dividing and conquering through hate. She won’t back down and neither will I. Chip in to help us say NO to the hatred Trump wants to foment.
Ilhan has incredible courage. She won’t back down to Trump’s racism and hate, and neither will we. Today Ilhan needs our support.Can you help by splitting a contribution between her campaign and ours? Send a message that we will fight back against Trump’s racism.
I was at dinner with Rep. Omar when we heard that people at Trump’s rally were chanting “send her back." Ilhan is a leader with courage. She won’t back down, and neither will we. Split a contribution between Ilhan’s campaign and our campaign today:
Medicare for All critics expect us to believe that people love paying their insurance premiums. Is that a joke? 
Trump promised he would lower drug prices. That was a monstrous lie. As president, he has:▶️ nominated an HHS Secretary directly from Eli Lilly▶️ given $7 billion in tax cuts to the four biggest drugmakers▶️ tried to throw 32 million off of their health coverage 
Trump said he would stand up to Big Pharma.He lied.Trump said he would bring relief to Americans dealing with outrageous drug prices.He lied.Trump said he would guarantee "insurance for everybody."He lied.We need to cut drug prices by 50%, not more lies.
 In yesterday's speech, made an essential point:  would greatly improve Medicare's benefits for s…
Join us at  for a live campaign update! We're talking about the fight for a $15 minimum wage, Medicare for All, and the media. 
There’s nothing "extreme" about raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour.What’s extreme is paying workers starvation wages while CEO pay and corporate profits skyrocket stop blocking a raise for millions of Americans! 
Kaiser has $31 billion in reserves, yet has the gall to try to cut raises, health care and job security for front line workers who serve patients every day. Enough is enough! I call on Kaiser to stand with its workers.   
Last night, I was with when we heard people at Trump's rally were chanting “send her back."She was unfazed. Sadly, she said, this racism isn't new.Ilhan has incredible courage. She won’t back down to Trump’s hate, and neither will we.  
6 in 10 Americans support raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour McConnell must listen to Americans and hold a vote on the Senate floor on a $15 minimum wage. Add your name to show him that the American people are with us:
Young people like will change the world. Thank you for your leadership! 
Yet another attack today from President Trump on a strong leader. has fought tirelessly for Puerto Ricans; Trump has abandoned and denigrated them. I stand with all Puerto Ricans to demand an end to corruption and the full support of the federal government. 
When the political establishment and mainstream media say our ideas are crazy, remember that they said the same about a $15 minimum wage a few years ago. Look what happened. 
When we  we win. Congratulations to the House on this historic moment and to all the organizers and working people who made this happen.I say to McConnell: do what the American people want. Hold a vote on the Senate floor to pass a $15 minimum wage. 
Today is historic.A few years ago, people laughed and called us "crazy" when we called to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour.Today, the U.S. House is voting on legislation to do just that.That is what happens when working people build a movement for change.
Trump knows that when we stand together and fight for racial, social, economic and environmental justice, we have the power to defeat him.So the demagogue is doing what he knows best: Divide and conquer through hate.His attacks only make us stronger. 
I am calling on every Democratic candidate in this election to join me in rejecting money from the insurance and drug industries.   
 Iowa team will be holding 148 events across the state between 7/17-7/26. The political revolution will not be…
 “I am calling on every Democratic candidate in this election to join me in rejecting money from the insurance and drug…
 
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
You’re either on the side of the people or the for-profit insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. That’s why I’ve refused donations from insurance and pharma executives, PACs, and CEOs from day one. Chip in and together we will win Medicare for All.
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on
Our campaign doesn’t want money from health insurance or pharma executives and PACs. No, what we want is to defeat them. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
You cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money. That’s why we refuse donations from health care and pharma execs and PACs. Can I count on you to contribute to our campaign to help us take them on?
Despite what you're hearing about Medicare being "weakened," the opposite is true.  will EXPAND benefits to seniors to include hearing aids, dental care and eyeglasses.
 I am with  It's a disgrace that our country, the richest nation in the world, allows ou…
 The US can absolutely afford  It won’t happen magically but it will indeed happen if we demand it. In the b…
  just called on every 2020 Democratic candidate to reject contributions from the health care industry that e…
No more premiums.No more deductibles.No more co-payments.That is what  means for the American people.
My Republican friends—and others—seem to think that Americans hate paying taxes but love premiums.Who in America is saying “The insurance premium is here, what a wonderful day! Oh wow! Let’s celebrate!”?The answer: Nobody. 
  explains how  EXPANDS the program. Anyone with questions, here are your answers. 
 " allows people the freedom to chose any doctor, any clinic, or any hospital without worrying about if their pr…
 “I feel pretty stressed about health insurance all the time.”It's time to get insurers out of the  equatio…
In order to defeat  powerful special interests will spend millions on ads and corporate-sponsored “studies” to frighten the American people. That is exactly what happened before the passage of Medicare in the 1960s.They failed then and they’re going to fail now.
 I pledge to not take contributions from the health insurance or pharmaceutical industry and instead prioritize the healt…
The current debate over  really has nothing to do with health care.It has everything to do with greed.The health care industry wants to maintain a system which makes them billions every year, and bribe politicians who protect that system.
 "Current debate over Medicare for all has nothing to do with healthcare and everything to do with greed and profits of healt…
 "The function of a rational health care system is to provide health care to all in a cost effective way - not to make billions…
 No Premiums No Co-paysNo Deductibles Medicare for All today at George Washington University 
This is the United States of America.30,000 people a year should not be dying because they lack adequate health insurance.
Frankly, I am sick and tired of talking to doctors who tell me about the patients who died because they were uninsured and walked into the doctor’s office when it was too late. 
I pledge to not take contributions from the health insurance or pharmaceutical industry and instead prioritize the health of the American people over health industry profits. 
Some have described Medicare for All as too "risky."Here's what is risky: leaving tens of millions of Americans without health insurance every year, facing bankruptcy or death if they can't pay for health care or medication they need.
If you’re a pharmaceutical executive, or a health insurance lobbyist, keep your money. I don’t want it.What I want is for every person in this country to have the dignity of being able to get the medical care they need, when they need it. I want 
We have a president today who is a racist. That needs to be said. 
Joe Biden said people would lose coverage if we move to  That is absurd. 
Eric Garner was killed 5 years ago. The officer who killed him is still on the force. That is unacceptable.
Insurance and drug companies have rigged our system to make as much profit as possible.Meanwhile, 34 million Americans are uninsured and millions more can't afford care.Here’s my pledge: I won't take contributions from health insurance or drug companies. 
The health insurance industry is terrified of  it will finally free Americans from the greed of health insurance companies more interested in making huge profits than guaranteeing all people health care. 
No Democrat should take cash from health insurance and pharma executives. I’ve said that since day one, and now I’m asking others running for president to do the same. Can you make a donation to help us prove people power is stronger than big money?
Candidates who are not willing to reject money from health insurance and pharmaceutical executives should explain to the American people why those interests believe their campaigns are a good investment.  
You can’t change a corrupt system by taking its money.Today I am calling on every Democratic candidate to join us in rejecting money from the insurance and drug industries.  
No worker should be told they're lucky to get less than minimum wage. People with disabilities deserve jobs that pay a living wage. It's time to end the subminimum wage and guarantee truly integrated employment opportunities for people with disabilities. 
This is the question we face as a nation:Will we continue to let corporations make huge profits off health care and human suffering? Or will we end that disgrace and guarantee coverage to everyone through Medicare for All?To me, that is not a hard decision.
I stand with the cafeteria workers at Facebook who are picketing today. Mark Zuckerberg has a net worth of $75 billion and Facebook made $22 billion in profits last year. They must pay workers a living wage. 
 I'm giving a major speech on Medicare for All tomorrow. Join me live for a preview of what I'm going to say. 
I'm giving a major speech on Medicare for All tomorrow. Join me live for a preview of what I'm going to say. 
I'm going live on Twitch shortly to take your questions on Medicare for All. Tune in here:  
Donald Trump is wrong. It is Reps. and who are speaking up for what America is supposed to be about.Split a contribution between their campaigns and ours as we carry on the fight against Trump's hate. 
Who said this about Medicare for All? “Medicare goes away as you know it. All the Medicare you have is GONE.”
We are demanding an end to the profiteering and greed in our health care system.Join me this afternoon around 4:30 PM ET to talk about why we need Medicare for All. Watch at  
Who told these lies about Medicare for All?☑️ Joe Biden☑️ Donald Trump☑️ Mitch McConnell ☑️ The CEO of UnitedHealthcareTake the quiz ; 
Thank you Our fight for justice is far from over and we are not giving up. 
The Garner family has suffered too much. This decision pains me. It is not just, and we will not have real justice for black Americans until there is serious reform of our racist criminal justice system. 
Our people will not truly be free as long as their lives are seen as commodities by insurance and pharmaceutical companies. We must pass Medicare for All and finally remove the profit motive from health care in America.
 Set a reminder ⏰: At 9 a.m., we'll sit down with Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Watch the livestream…
While tens of millions of Americans today are uninsured, millions more are underinsured. Have you been unable to get or afford medical care you needed even though you have private insurance?
At the end of the day, you’ve either got to be on the side of the people or the side of the health insurance companies. I know which side I’m on. 
Let me be as clear as I can be. The possible shutdown of Hahnemann Hospital has nothing to do with health care, and everything to do with greed. 
Not crazy: Passing Medicare for All and guaranteeing health care like every other major countryActually crazy: A health care system designed to make as much profit for corporations as possible while letting ordinary people die
  and I have always had a deep appreciation for the arts. We recognize the essential value of a diverse ; a…
Under Medicare for All you’ll never lose coverage, even if you:-Change jobs-Turn 26-Move to another state-Have a pre-existing condition-Start a business-Get laid off-Get divorced-Retire early
I've said all along that Trump is a racist. He is proving that point yet again by attacking Reps. and a contribution between their campaigns and ours to send a message that his racism will not stand: 
Our dysfunctional system is designed not to provide health care in the most cost-effective way, but to make as much money as possible for insurance and drug companies, investment banks and real estate firms.That's wrong. That's immoral. And we are going to change it.
Human lives are more important than corporate profits. Period. 
We must ban private equity funds and Wall Street vulture funds from owning hospitals. 
 Only action can stop the profit vultures who put profits before people and aim to shut down  ⁦
  on the fight to keep Hahnemann Hospital open:“This is not complicated this a matter of getting our priorit…
 Former Ohio state senator “we are here because you are here. We are here because the struggle is here. We are he…
 “Keep it open.” Fighting for Hahnemann Hospital in Philadelphia today with a few thousand friends. 
  at rally to save Hahnemann University Hospital: "How many people will in fact die if this hospital is sh…
 . speaking in  Philadelphia at a rally protesting the closing of Hahnemann University Hospital notes that ⅔…
 We chant “Keep it open! says: “Damn right!” 
  “In a time our country faces a major healthcare crisis... we must be moving forward to guarntee healthcare t…
 We've shutdown Broad St to demand they don't shutdown Hahnemann Hospital. 
 A   rally outside of the for-profit hospital that is set to close — and already closed many of its…
Join us in the fight to save  pass Medicare For All and end corporate greed! 
 Racists tweet racist things. What we should be focused on right now though, ESPECIALLY today, is that racists also crea…
Betsy DeVos is the worst Education Secretary in our modern history.Over and over, she has protected for-profit corporations that exploit students and educators. I stand with will cancel all student debt and make all public colleges tuition-free. 
 Join me TODAY at 2pm (230 N. Broad St) to say NO to corporate greed. 
A higher wage is only one component of the fight for workers' rights. Amazon workers deserve safe working conditions, fair scheduling, and reasonable production demands. I stand with Amazon MSP1 workers in Minnesota and their  strike! 
Hahnemann Hospital in Philadelphia is being converted into a real estate opportunity in order to make a wealthy guy even more money, ignoring the health care needs of thousands of people.That is simply insane and we're going to fight to stop it.
 In Philadelphia today, will rally alongside unions, hospital workers and community members against the c…
 Sign up to volunteer for presidential campaign if you A) believe everyone in America deserves single-payer…
Today we are in Philadelphia to demand that Hahnemann Hospital does not shut down to further enrich the wealthy.We are demanding an end to the profiteering and the greed in our health care system.We are demanding Medicare for All. 
The idea that an investment banker and his billionaire friends can shut down a hospital and make a huge profit by converting it into luxury condos is a complete outrage.Join me in Philadelphia today to protest the closing of Hahnemann Hospital:
I appreciate that President Obama has said recently that Medicare for All is a good idea. 
I fought to improve and pass Obamacare.I traveled all over the country to fight the repeal of Obamacare. But I will not be deterred from ending the corporate greed that creates dysfunction in our health care system. We must pass Medicare for All.
People say, “Bernie, you’re repetitious, you always say the same things."Well, here’s a promise: when all of our people have health care, when we are leading the world in the fight against climate change, when the poor are no longer struggling, I will change what I’m saying.
Together we will end the corporate greed that is destroying lives and pass Medicare for All.Tomorrow, join us in Philadelphia to protest the unjust closing of Hahnemann Hospital: 
Our job is to bring more and more young people and working class people into the political process. That is where the future of the Democratic Party and this country lies.
 Now more than ever, we need everyone to know: WE HAVE RIGHTS.Share our  guides in multiple languages.Know Your…
This is why we are going to defeat Trump:Working people are sick and tired of working more for less.They're tired of 3 people owning more wealth than the bottom half.They're tired of not being able to afford health care.We will expose Trump as a fraud and transform America. 
When I call the president a racist, this is what I'm talking about We must stand together for justice and dignity towards all. 
 Bernie Sanders to rally at Hahnemann hospital Monday 
Money laundering, currency manipulation, bribery, conspiracy, rate tampering, collusion: These are the routine practices of Wall Street—and a number of financial executives themselves have acknowledged it.We have the guts to take Wall Street on and we will end their greed.
For years, people in power have said our ideas are too radical.We must remember that Americans today support Medicare for All, a Green New Deal ; ending our racist immigration ; criminal justice systems.No matter who stands in the way we must continue our fight for justice.
Thank you for your endorsement! Together we will build a movement to support the needs of working people in New Jersey and across the country. 
We have a health care crisis. Every day, Americans die because they can't afford health care, while insurance and drug company CEOs get rich off their suffering. We cannot continue to tinker around the edges while 80 million Americans lack health insurance or are under-insured.
It's preposterous to argue that, as we expand Medicare for All, people with cancer and other illnesses would not get the care that they need.Over four years we will transition to a system in which Medicare is expanded to cover everyone with no copays, deductibles or premiums.
At a time when Donald Trump and the health insurance industry are lying every day about Medicare for All, I would hope that my fellow Democrats would not resort to misinformation about my legislation. 
We have a president who is hellbent on terrorizing immigrant communities. If you, your family, or someone you know experiences an ICE raid this weekend, know your rights: 
 Medicare for All means freedom and security. I’ll explain: 
Trump is lying again about Medicare for All. Here is what it really means for Americans:-No premiums-No co-pays-No deductibles-No losing coverage-No "out of network" doctors-No surprise bills 
Whether or not Mitch McConnell likes it, we are going to pass the agenda the American people actually want: Medicare for All, a Green New Deal, cancel student debt and make public colleges tuition-free, and common sense gun safety legislation. 
 Continue following Louisiana’s emergency preparedness accounts on Twitter for regular updates   
 Do:✅ Stock up on non perishable foods and water✅ Listen to officials for updates✅ Call 211 for shelter information✅ Call 9…
 Stay safe during  - Make sure you have a plan in place - Real time upd…
$900 for 5 pills every month! The business model of the pharmaceutical industry is greed. That's going to end when we are in the White House. 
Our ideas used to be "too radical."Now they are being adopted by candidates from school board to president.This is what we mean when we say we're going to transform the country. 
This must be someone else. My mistake.  
If we can import tomatoes from Mexico, there is absolutely no reason why we cannot import affordable prescription drugs from Canada.
 "If you want someone who is going to boldly and unapologetically fight for what you deserve, is your candida…
 This. Is. Leadership.   
 Bernie Sanders invokes vote against DOMA in video highlighting LGBT support 
Lloyd Blankfein said Goldman Sachs does “god’s work.” Is that what he called it when Goldman Sachs made millions pumping up the cost of food for starving people across the world?
Lloyd Blankfein owned not one but TWO mansions in the Hamptons.How? Goldman Sachs lying to investors and profiting from millions of Americans losing their homes in an "unbelievable fraud."
After being bailed out by taxpayers, Lloyd Blankfein lectured Congress to cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid benefits and raise the retirement age for working people.
Because of the greed of banks like Goldman Sachs, Americans lost $13 trillion in savings. When Blankfein retired from Goldman Sachs, he received a $50 million retirement package.
During the Wall Street crash an estimated 15 million families lost their homes. Lloyd Blankfein didn't lose his home or his job. His bank got an $824 billion taxpayer bailout and Blankfein became a billionaire.
Actually, my concern has to do with the fact that you had no problem getting bailed out by working Americans, while you've been picking on them by advocating for cutting Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security. 
 Thank you and for this wonderful story on our family!
 On this day literally 23 years ago, voted against  the Defense of Marriage Act. In '72 he proposed…
Honestly, I cannot remember Big Pharma ever losing a major legislative battle. They win, the American people lose. That ends when we are in the White House.
Héctor Figueroa was a prime example of strength in the labor movement. His legacy amongst some of the hardest working, and yet overlooked workers, will live on forever with the countless security officers and service sector workers he helped lift into the middle class. 
Justice is not always politically popular. But we must always stand with our LGBTQ+ family. I will never stop fighting for equality. 
 Just in to - campaign releases its 1st video, focusing on LGBTQ rights on 20th anniversary of Sanders' vot…
We have a president who lost the popular vote by 3 million votes. We should abolish the Electoral College. 
The insurance industry, the drug industry, the NRA, the fossil fuel industry and the military industrial complex will spend outrageous sums of money to see us fail.I think that says a lot about our campaign.We stand with the people, not those who want to profit off suffering.
 In this first photo you will see me as a young political organizer. I will never forget the trip either, or the education I…
Do you want to know why we pay the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs? It might have something to do with the fact that the pharmaceutical industry spends endless amounts of money on lobbying and campaign contributions.
 I’m thrilled 2 be joining Presidential Candidate on 7/28 as we travel to 🇨🇦 to buy insulin. I may be a small-…
 We win, when workers get the fairness and workplace justice they deserve.  ht…
Thank you for having me on. Watch the interview here:  
 Whose city? OUR CITY. Whose hospital? OUR HOSPITAL. Whose lives? OUR LIVES.  
The 99: Bernie Announces His Anti-Endorsements. We're live with 
I firmly stand with in this negotiation against blatant corporate greed by The company has reaped record-breaking profits, only to cut 23,000+ jobs. AT;T must respect the dignity of America's workers and end their greed. 
The young people in this country are a generation of tolerance and decency. And that is no small thing. They should be very proud of who they are and get deeply involved in the political process. 
How can it be that we have enough money to give tax breaks to billionaires and spend more on defense than the next 10 countries combined, but we don’t have enough to make sure that every American child has a roof over their head and enough food to eat?
 Amen As National Co Chair, I know he will want to speak to this issue and admires your moral lea…
We cannot be a nation in which 40,000 veterans on any given night are forced to sleep on the streets. This cannot be normal. 
 This is what Michigan residents do all the time when they can't afford their insulin. Our system is broken. Thank you
My message to young people: recognize your power as the most progressive generation in history.
 Huge crowd assembled at the rally to save  Hahnemann Hospital from private equity vultures.  
 Hahnemann is a community resource, not a real estate commodity. From me and for the
They should be.This campaign is not interested in making billionaires and millionaires on Wall Street richer. We want to do something "radical": make them pay their fair share and help working people for a change. 
 I’m at the protest at Hahnemann Hospital in Philadelphia, which is slated to close.Bernie Sanders’ campaign co-chair,…
This month we're going back to Canada with diabetics. Insulin costs over $300 in the US. In Canada, the same exact drug costs about $30.We can't wait for drug companies to lower prices. Americans need relief now! 
I'll never forget this. In 1999, I took working class women, struggling with breast cancer, to Canada to buy the same medication for 1/10th of the price they were paying in the US. 
Joel Freedman, the owner of Hahnemann Hospital, seems fine trading the lives of patients and the people who care for them for luxury condos or a hotel, so long as there’s a profit to collect along the way.We will end this culture of corporate greed. 
 Bernie Sanders and Helen Gym: Philly’s fight for Hahnemann represents the need for quality healthcare for all | Opinion…
 RIGHT NOW: We’re joining ; other advocates to rally to   
 Incredible turnout at Hahnemann as people from across the city have come to insist the hospital stay open. Health care is a…
 Patients over Profits   with 
 We stand with fighting to keep  open.  📢 Patients Needs NOT Corporate Greed! 
A real estate developer and investment banker concluded they can make more money converting a hospital into a real estate investment, leaving thousands of patients without care.How immoral is that?Bottom line: Health care should not be for profit. We need Medicare for All. 
 ‘Our job is to transform this country.’ — has big plans for America. In the latest  he…
This is a perfect example of the immorality of our current health care system. The function of our health care system must not be to help wealthy investors make huge profits. We need Medicare for All. 
 TOMORROW: Senator and presidential candidate is LIVE on  
Joe Biden recently said, “I don’t think 500 billionaires are the reason why we’re in trouble.”I respectfully disagree.Any candidate who claims to believe black lives matter must take on the institutions that have continually exploited black lives. 
  and are absolutely right.The U.S. should join the 16 other countries and 740 local go…
Today six financial institutions have assets equivalent to over half of our GDP.They determine whether workers can earn a decent wage or have health care or not.There will be no real change in this country unless we have the courage to take on Wall Street. 
Canceling all student debt would create up to 1.6 million jobs per year, boost the economy by $1 trillion over 10 years and close the racial wealth gap.Canceling student debt is not only the moral thing to do — it is the economically smart thing. 
 My dad was a diaper man. He delivered clean diapers and picked up the soiled ones pretty much every day for 40 years. The…
Wall Street executives may hate us. That's fine. This campaign is about standing with the working people of this country. 
 Thank you, for the donuts on the strike line. Kaiser executives need to change their priorities. Profits are soar…
We can propose all the ideas and plans we want, but any agenda that guarantees basic human rights for all Americans will be opposed by the most powerful forces in America. Real, fundamental change is only possible if we have the guts to take them on.
The Wall Street-funded thinks we are an existential threat — and they're right. We are an existential threat to the corporatism and greed that keeps their donors in power. 
FDR said "Judge me by the enemies I have made." We agree, and we are proud to say that the former CEO of Goldman Sachs, is not supporting our campaign. 
You can tell who's doing a good job by the enemies they make. Jamie Dimon's bank was fined $13 billion for mortgage fraud. We welcome his hatred. 
Haim Saban is used to buying elections for his candidates. He and other billionaires oppose our campaign because they know they can't buy us. We don't want their money. 
It should come as no surprise that corporate CEOs and billionaires have united against our movement. These people have a vested interest in preserving the status quo so they can continue to exploit working people across America. We welcome their hatred. 
 New: Bernie Sanders hopes to channel FDR with a new webpage boasting of the "hatred" he has elicited from prominent corpo…
Housing is so unaffordable in San Francisco that entire families are forced to live in 6'x10' rooms and share a kitchen with 30 other families.In the richest country in the world we are going to end that disgrace. Decent housing must be a right of all Americans. 
 Sanders is the first major presidential candidate in modern times to run a working-class campaign — one that seeks not only…
Mitch McConnell has spent the last nine years doing everything in his power to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Forgive me for thinking that his sudden display of concern for people with pre-existing conditions seems a bit insincere. 
I don't represent large corporations and I don't want their money.
 The greed must end.  
 In 2018 McDonald's made an average of over $17 million A DAY. Every single day. McDonald's can afford $15, but that's…
 Kelly's story is the story of thousands of Iowans. These are our friends, neighbors, and family -- they deserve a $15 wage and…
We need a president who will work with leaders around the world and tell them: Instead of spending $1.5 trillion on weapons to kill one another, let's unite against our common enemy to address climate change and save the planet. 
McDonald’s employees like Kelly are making $8.25/hour and can barely survive.Yet McDonald's made $6 billion in profits last year and paid its CEO $22 million in compensation.The greed must end. We demand $15 an hour and a union for all workers! 
Today I introduced legislation with and to declare climate change as a national emergency.And not only is it that—it is a GLOBAL emergency. And we have less than 12 years to take real action.We must have the courage to stand up to the fossil fuel industry. 
Is Bernie Sanders too consistent for the corporate media?  We discuss live on  live with campaign Chief-of-Staff 
Do not let anyone convince you that we lack the ability as a nation to address the climate crisis.The problem we face is the lack of political will to take on the greed of the fossil fuel industry.
12 people died in a mass shooting in Virginia in May.Today, Republicans legislators in Virginia adjourned a special session to take action on gun safety.That is a disgrace. They're putting lives at risk. We have an epidemic of gun violence in this country. We need action now! 
 I had the opportunity to tour affordable housing - both good ; bad - in San Francisco's Chinatown. communit…
This is the corporate agenda: force Americans into low-paying jobs until they die.That’s a national disgrace, not a “blessing.”We are going to end this outrageous greed, pay everyone a living wage and expand Social Security. 
I am a bit tired of seeing billionaires trying to buy political power. 
When politicians talk about civility, please understand that so-called civility is often used to mask incredible oppression and very ugly policies.
This is America’s ugly two-tier criminal justice system: If you are a billionaire like Jeffrey Epstein charged with sex trafficking, you get off with virtually no punishment. If you are a person of color or working class person, the justice system is built to work against you.
 Glad to see  et al pushing hard for a Congressional climate emergency declaration. This has already p…
Climate change is an emergency.I'm running for president because we need an administration that treats climate change as the existential threat to our country and the entire planet it is. We will pass a Green New Deal.
 Yes! Proud to have introduced this with you, Once enacted, this will liberate millions of Americans while stim…
 Bernie Sanders has “the most robust school integration plan of any of the candidates” 
Drug and insurance companies are gearing up to protect their billions in profits and stop Medicare for All.9 of the 10 groups hiring the most lobbyists on Medicare for All oppose it.We have something more powerful than lobbyists and money: the people. 
DC is flooded. It was 90 degrees in Alaska last week. Sea ice has shrunk to record lows in Antarctica. June was the hottest month ever recorded.And today Trump is "touting" his environmental record.We don't have time for more lies. We must address the climate crisis now. 
 Sen. is right - we need to  benefits, not cut them! 
Republicans have no problem giving over $1 trillion in tax breaks to the rich and massive corporations. But when it comes to canceling student debt or tuition-free college, we "can't afford it." What hypocrisy! 
 Please Do this Unc and while you’re at it lets make college free period.  
 Thank you for speaking out on our effort to save Hahnemann and decrying private equity’s degradation of…
I’m proud to stand with all the Pennsylvania elected officials, unions and workers who are standing up to fight the corporate greed that is destroying our health care system. It is time for Medicare for All. 
Our plan: Cancel student debt. Make Wall Street pay for it. Free 45 million Americans from $1.6 trillion in loans. 
Congratulations 
Two new polls just released show us in a STRONG second place and closing the gap on a fading Joe Biden. Help us keep up the momentum and make a donation right now.
Two new polls just released show us in a STRONG second place and closing the gap on a fading Joe Biden. Help us keep up the momentum and make a donation right now.
Two new polls just released show us in a STRONG second place and closing the gap on a fading Joe Biden. Help us keep up the momentum and make a donation right now.
Two new polls just released show us in a STRONG second place and closing the gap on a fading Joe Biden. Help us keep up the momentum and make a donation right now.
Bernie is closing in on Biden, and we need your help to keep up our momentum. The latest national poll from ABC has Bernie just SIX points down and closing the gap. No one else even comes close. Donate right now to help us close the gap and win.
Bernie is closing in on Biden, and we need your help to keep up our momentum. The latest national poll from ABC has Bernie just SIX points down and closing the gap. No one else even comes close. Donate right now to help us close the gap and win.
Bernie is closing in on Biden, and we need your help to keep up our momentum. The latest national poll from ABC has Bernie just SIX points down and closing the gap. No one else even comes close. Donate right now to help us close the gap and win.
Bernie is closing in on Biden, and we need your help to keep up our momentum. The latest national poll from ABC has Bernie just SIX points down and closing the gap. No one else even comes close. Donate right now to help us close the gap and win.
A brand-new ABC poll has Bernie closing in on Biden, just SIX points behind. We are going to win this race. All we have to do is keep fighting. Help Bernie close the gap and win, by making a contribution to our campaign right now.
A brand-new ABC poll has Bernie closing in on Biden, just SIX points behind. We are going to win this race. All we have to do is keep fighting. Help Bernie close the gap and win, by making a contribution to our campaign right now.
A brand-new ABC poll has Bernie closing in on Biden, just SIX points behind. We are going to win this race. All we have to do is keep fighting. Help Bernie close the gap and win, by making a contribution to our campaign right now.
A brand-new ABC poll has Bernie closing in on Biden, just SIX points behind. We are going to win this race. All we have to do is keep fighting. Help Bernie close the gap and win, by making a contribution to our campaign right now.
That's a lie.- There were 96 price increases for every cut during 2018- Drug prices increased 10.5% in the last 6 months- The prices of 104 drugs rose by 13.1% on average last weekWhen we win, we won't wait for drug companies to end their greed. We will end it for them. 
 Sanders decries closing of Philadelphia hospital, says it's a sign of the greedy health care system. 
 Bernie should be honored. Those attacks mean thar Mr Dimon knows Bernie is not for sale. Cuando un billonario ataca a…
The business model of our health care system is about making as much money as possible regardless of the suffering that profiteering creates.Our job: fight to save Philadelphia's Hahnemann Hospital and pass Medicare for All to end the greed denying health care to millions. 
Our campaign is not just about winning the election. It is about empowering union campaigns like these. I stand in solidarity with and in Iowa fighting against corporate trade policies. 
As a nation, we have a moral obligation to provide the best quality care to those who have put their lives on the line to defend us. Join me live as I meet with veterans in Las Vegas. 
No matter what Trump wants us to believe, the truth is immigrants make this country stronger. 
Bizarre or an entirely predictable result of decades of tax breaks for the wealthy at the expense of working people? 
 Crowd here at Historic Westside is ready for Town hall starting soon! 
 Saturday morning town hall with at Victory Missionary Baptist Church in Las Vegas 
The political revolution continues in Nevada!  Join us in Las Vegas for a town hall on education, criminal justice, and economic rights. 
Thank you to all the emergency workers, utility workers, laborers, and community members working around the clock following the earthquake in California. There is a risk for future earthquakes—make sure you have an earthquake kit. Go to  for a checklist.
Three billionaires own more wealth than the bottom half of the country. That is a fact.
Imagine what we would be able to accomplish if we invested in sending our kids to college instead of to war.
Jamie Dimon is attacking our agenda. This is the billionaire CEO of a bank that:- was fined $13 billion for mortgage fraud- illegally foreclosed on military families- bribed foreign officialsWe welcome his hatred. 
 In intro he explains he's wearing a red tie for  courage of the teachers is reverberating…
If we care about our teachers and our kids, we must pay every teacher in America at least $60,000 a year.  
The teachers of America, who have had the courage to march in the streets to demand greater investment in public education, are an inspiration.Teachers, thank you very much!  
I've been criticized for this proposal (because it helps working people and not billionaires) so let me repeat it: We are going to cancel ALL student debt in America. 
What has been doing for the last several years is some of the most important work that anyone can do—going all over this country, getting people involved in the political struggle. Together we'll transform this country. 
Donald Trump is a racist, a homophobe, a sexist and a xenophobe. But we will we defeat him. Because we won't allow him to divide us up. 
We must build an economy and infrastructure that don’t put profits over people, and help everyone get the training they need. Union facilities like do just that, and more. I encourage everyone to submit a comment of solidarity at 
 fails to recognize that pro-worker, union-led apprenticeship programs like the ones provided by and other unions are the backbone of our nation’s economy and infrastructure.
The “Industry Recognized Apprenticeship Programs” being pushed by will prioritize poor training standards and increased work pace over the safety of workers and the public, and they will put quality facilities like those of the at risk.
We need job training that focuses on long-term quality, safety and longevity – not on short-term profits and hastiness. I am pleased to see unions like bring attention to the misguided apprenticeships rule change.
Earlier today, I had the pleasure of touring one of apprentice training facilities. Facilities like these not only help build our nation – they are a fundamental part of building a strong middle class. We must all help unions protect such institutions. 
No person with a disability should be forced into a nursing home, especially to pad the profits of their insurance company. It's time to end a system that lets insurers make money by denying care to people with disabilities. 
 First stop at the  Convention, The Bad Ass Teacher Caucus. 
 Thank you, It’s an honor to work alongside you and the millions of other people fighting for education…
Instead of giving criminal records to people who possess marijuana, maybe we should give them to the crooks on Wall Street who crashed our economy.
I’m proud to be working with and so many other Democrats to pass Medicare for All, debt free college and a Green New Deal. This is the agenda America needs — and that will energize voters to defeat Donald Trump. 
Erica would like to pursue a higher degree, but her student debt makes that nearly impossible. Student debt is holding back an entire generation, and that is why we must cancel all of it.Hear their stories on the newest   
 Forth and final parade of the day in Pella, IA with 
40 million Americans live in poverty. 500,000 people will sleep on the street tonight. 34 million people don’t have health insurance. I, for one, don’t think we should be spending tens of millions of dollars driving tanks through downtown D.C. 
Happy Independence Day! Together, we will continue building the kind of nation based on love and justice we know we can become.
 Ames, IA Independence Day Parade with  
 First parade of the day down — 3 to go. in Slater Iowa 
 The crowd at a Des Moines field office opening. Packed and sweltering enough volunteers were passing water th…
 So it’s torrential rain outside and we headed to our Polk County Field Office to meet volunteers. We expected a few dozen…
It was a pleasure to meet with University of Iowa adjunct professors with this morning. They are fighting against low salaries and have been fighting for a union for over two years. I stand with them in their struggle. 
Join us live at HQ with and for our discussion and response to middle ground media bias and today's latest polls 
Every person with a disability deserves the right to a good job that pays a living wage. Together, we will end the sub-minimum wage for workers with disabilities and guarantee these rights for all. 
Join us live in Des Moines for a roundtable on immigration. We must end the dehumanization of those at the border who seek asylum. The time is long overdue for an overhaul of our immigration system. 
We have accepted a warped sense of priorities which says America can always find enough money for war, but that there is never enough for infrastructure or education or nutrition programs.We are going to reject that idea and invest in our people.
I believe that the goal of life is to create community, to bring us together in love and compassion—to understand that it is my moral obligation to be concerned about your family, and yours to be concerned about mine. As human beings, we are in this together.
The Republican Party understands the implications of expanded participation by low-income citizens in the political process. That is why they work so hard to prevent it. But we will defeat them, and protect voting rights everywhere. 
  on his $18 million  Q2 fundraising total, where teachers were the profession that contributed the most…
 Iowa City I see you and I am so damn proud of you! More than 800 strong tonight. This is what organizing looks like! This i…
Whether it is fixing a broken criminal justice system, or massive disparities in the availability of financial services, or health disparities, or environmental disparities, or educational disparities, we will create a nation in which all people are treated equally.
Today marks 55 years since the Civil Rights Act was signed. This is a moment for us to remember that the struggle for civil rights and human dignity is a struggle not of a single year or decade, but of a lifetime, which must be fought by every generation.
 We expected 300, but nearly 900 Iowans turned out to see tonight. The movement is strong!  
 Good thing we decided to drive instead of fly - our flight still hasn’t taken off.Nearly 3X the number of people who RS…
The political revolution continues in Iowa! Join our ice cream social to hear my message to voters in Iowa City. 
 Hundreds of supporters in Iowa City have shown up for his ice cream social 🍦🍦 
 Just finished a live stream on  with campaign manager and campaign co-chair Senator and I gotta…
Join Campaign Manager and Campaign Co-Chair Sen. for an update on our fundraising numbers and the state of the campaign more than 4 months into the race. 
Las autoridades a cargo de estos centros de detencion, como el presidente Trump, no respetan los derechos humanos básicos. Es tiempo para una revisión completa de nuestro sistema de inmigración. 
In 2017 the 25 highest-paid pharma CEOs made $440 million. The top 65 health care CEOs made $1.7 billion.Our health care system is built to make massive profits for a small few.Bottom line: no one should profit off illness and suffering. That's why we need 
Yes, we have a proposal to cut prescription drug prices in half. But we also have something else even more important.We have the guts to take on the pharmaceutical industry and end their greed. 
Maybe, just maybe, it's time to start treating this like a crisis and not a hoax. 
No high-priced fundraisers. No super PAC. Our campaign is powered by you and the nearly 2 million donations we’ve received since our launch. Join us today at 7:30 p.m. ET for a live campaign update from and at  
1 in 6 U.S. teachers work second jobs.When we’re in the White House that is going to change. We are going to pay all our teachers at least $60,000 a year.
Every other major country on Earth has achieved universal health care. Let me repeat that: every other every other major country on Earth has achieved universal health care.This is the wealthiest nation in the world and there is no reason we cannot do the same. 
This is simply horrific. The dehumanization of immigrants has got to end and those involved in this must be held accountable. Thank you for standing up to the indignity of what is occurring in detention centers. 
NEWS: Bernie 2020 Reports $24 Million and nearly 1 million small-dollar donations in second quarter. 
Are you truly free if you:-Can't afford to see a doctor when you get sick?-Must ration prescriptions because they're too expensive?-Drown in medical debt for years?Medicare for All means freedom from the greed of the private insurance industry which is destroying lives.
A few years ago a $15 minimum wage was seen as radical. Today, as a result of workers standing up and the great work of organizations like and minimum wages are going up across the country. 
The Medical Center was wrong to retaliate against Jennifer Donaldson and Michelle Thoman for their pro-worker activism. I support the and nurses standing up and fighting back against UCMC’s wrongful tactics. 
Donald Trump promised during his campaign that he would take on the drug companies and lower the cost of prescription drugs. He lied.Our campaign is not afraid of Big Pharma—we welcome their hatred. And when we win, we will cut drug prices in half. 
Thank you I was proud to receive your support in 2016, and together we will continue to fight for economic, racial, social and environmental justice. 
 “We have the moment now, not only to win the election, but to transform the country”    
 Come on Fam, let’s do this! People power all day long. Our FEC deadline is tonight. We need you to chip in what you can. Pl…
It's not a surprise to the 45 million people with student loans today. We need to cancel all student debt. 
 Sen. Bernie Sanders delivers keynote at Black press event, labels Trump ‘racist and worst President in history’ | New York…
We don't have billionaires, fancy fundraisers or corporate interests funding our campaign. We have people like you—and that's much more powerful. Chip in before our deadline at midnight ;  
We are taking on the most powerful corporate interests in this country, but if we stand together we will win. Join us in New Hampshire and donate before our midnight fundraising deadline:  
We can propose all the plans we want, but nothing will fundamentally change unless we have the guts to take on Wall Street, the insurance industry, drug companies, the military-industrial complex and the fossil fuel industry. 
President Trump is scared of our campaign, and he should be. We are going to defeat him and take back power from him and the rest of the billionaire class. Help us defeat him: 
We don't have billionaires funding our campaign. We have you. As we rally in New Hampshire, please chip in before our midnight fundraising deadline:  
Virtually no piece of legislation can get passed unless it has the okay from corporate America—because corporate America funds most campaigns.Not ours. I'm very proud of that fact.We don't have corporate interests funding us. We have you. Chip in here:
We’re proud to be the only campaign in this race funded entirely by lots of people giving small donations. But some of my opponents are raising huge sums from rich people holding big fundraisers. We can’t fall too far behind. Help us keep up and make a contribution by midnight.
We’re proud to be the only campaign in this race funded entirely by lots of people giving small donations. But some of my opponents are raising huge sums from rich people holding big fundraisers. We can’t fall too far behind. Help us keep up and make a contribution by midnight.
We’re proud to be the only campaign in this race funded entirely by lots of people giving small donations. But some of my opponents are raising huge sums from rich people holding big fundraisers. We can’t fall too far behind. Help us keep up and make a contribution by midnight.
We’re proud to be the only campaign in this race funded entirely by lots of people giving small donations. But some of my opponents are raising huge sums from rich people holding big fundraisers. We can’t fall too far behind. Help us keep up and make a contribution by midnight.
We’re proud to be the only campaign in this race funded entirely by lots of people giving small donations. But some of my opponents are raising huge sums from rich people holding big fundraisers. We can’t fall too far behind. Help us keep up and make a contribution by midnight.
We’re proud to be the only campaign in this race funded entirely by lots of people giving small donations. But some of my opponents are raising huge sums from rich people holding big fundraisers. We can’t fall too far behind. Help us keep up and make a contribution by midnight.
We’re proud to be the only campaign in this race funded entirely by lots of people giving small donations. But some of my opponents are raising huge sums from rich people holding big fundraisers. We can’t fall too far behind. Help us keep up and make a contribution by midnight.
We’re proud to be the only campaign in this race funded entirely by lots of people giving small donations. But some of my opponents are raising huge sums from rich people holding big fundraisers. We can’t fall too far behind. Help us keep up and make a contribution by midnight.
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before tonight's FEC deadline. And that’s not great, because some of our opponents are raising huge sums of money from rich folks who want to see us lose.Can you contribute to our campaign ahead of our deadline at midnight?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before tonight's FEC deadline. And that’s not great, because some of our opponents are raising huge sums of money from rich folks who want to see us lose.Can you contribute to our campaign ahead of our deadline at midnight?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before tonight's FEC deadline. And that’s not great, because some of our opponents are raising huge sums of money from rich folks who want to see us lose.Can you contribute to our campaign ahead of our deadline at midnight?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before tonight's FEC deadline. And that’s not great, because some of our opponents are raising huge sums of money from rich folks who want to see us lose.Can you contribute to our campaign ahead of our deadline at midnight?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before tonight's FEC deadline. And that’s not great, because some of our opponents are raising huge sums of money from rich folks who want to see us lose.Can you contribute to our campaign ahead of our deadline at midnight?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before tonight's FEC deadline. And that’s not great, because some of our opponents are raising huge sums of money from rich folks who want to see us lose.Can you contribute to our campaign ahead of our deadline at midnight?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before tonight's FEC deadline. And that’s not great, because some of our opponents are raising huge sums of money from rich folks who want to see us lose.Can you contribute to our campaign ahead of our deadline at midnight?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before tonight's FEC deadline. And that’s not great, because some of our opponents are raising huge sums of money from rich folks who want to see us lose.Can you contribute to our campaign ahead of our deadline at midnight?
We are taking on:-Insurance companies-Drug companies-The fossil fuel industry-The private prison industry-The military-industrial complex-Wall Street-The NRA-The billionaire class-Donald TrumpBut we have the people. And we will win. Chip in now: 
Donald Trump Jr. is a racist too. Shocker. 
Jamie Dimon is the billionaire CEO of a Wall Street bank that was fined $13 billion for mortgage fraud, paid a settlement for bribing foreign officials and received a $416 billion taxpayer bailout. Jamie. Thanks so much for your advice.
We don’t have billionaires funding our campaign. We have you. Please make a donation today: 
 The forward thinking ; courageous will change lives for regular everyday people like me. I’m all in! 
My skeptics often accuse me of being boring, of hammering the same themes. They’re probably right. It's never made sense to me that a few people have incredible wealth and power while most have none.Should we ever achieve justice, I promise I’ll write some new speeches.
Let's call this what it is: a racist and unconstitutional attempt to take away Americans' right to vote. This modern-day poll tax must be struck down. 
 Thank you for being a fearless advocate for the working class!I cannot wait fo…
When we are in the White House, we will have the guts to take on the powerful special interests that control our political and economic life. But I cannot do it alone. Will you chip in before Sunday's FEC fundraising deadline? 
   
Thank you and for endorsing our campaign! Together we can defeat Donald Trump and finally create a government that works for everyone in this country. 
 . in Cincinnati: Beating Trump and economy are top prioritiesIndeed!!!!!   
 People power, activate! I just contributed to and I hope you will too.  
Today on  we honor the brave people who built the movement for LGBTQ+ rights and liberation over the last 50 years. We must follow their lead and never back down in the struggle for equality.
Millions of workers are denied their wages by employers. Now New Jersey will have one of the strongest anti-wage theft laws in the country. We'll ensure these protections happen nationwide! Congratulations 
After our June 30 FEC deadline, we need to report as many donations as possible. Powerful special interests are spending outrageous sums of money to buy this election, but we know organized people can beat big money. Help us prove it by making a donation before our FEC deadline.
After our June 30 FEC deadline, we need to report as many donations as possible. Powerful special interests are spending outrageous sums of money to buy this election, but we know organized people can beat big money. Help us prove it by making a donation before our FEC deadline.
After our June 30 FEC deadline, we need to report as many donations as possible. Powerful special interests are spending outrageous sums of money to buy this election, but we know organized people can beat big money. Help us prove it by making a donation before our FEC deadline.
After our June 30 FEC deadline, we need to report as many donations as possible. Powerful special interests are spending outrageous sums of money to buy this election, but we know organized people can beat big money. Help us prove it by making a donation before our FEC deadline.
After our June 30 FEC deadline, we need to report as many donations as possible. Powerful special interests are spending outrageous sums of money to buy this election, but we know organized people can beat big money. Help us prove it by making a donation before our FEC deadline.
After our June 30 FEC deadline, we need to report as many donations as possible. Powerful special interests are spending outrageous sums of money to buy this election, but we know organized people can beat big money. Help us prove it by making a donation before our FEC deadline.
After our June 30 FEC deadline, we need to report as many donations as possible. Powerful special interests are spending outrageous sums of money to buy this election, but we know organized people can beat big money. Help us prove it by making a donation before our FEC deadline.
After our June 30 FEC deadline, we need to report as many donations as possible. Powerful special interests are spending outrageous sums of money to buy this election, but we know organized people can beat big money. Help us prove it by making a donation before our FEC deadline.
This is a disgrace. No child should go hungry in the United States of America. My first executive orders will be to reverse every single thing President Trump has done to demonize and harm immigrants. 
All eyes are on us again for Sunday’s FEC fundraising deadline. We're taking on every powerful special interest in this country and they are hoping we come up short. Let’s prove them wrong. 
It is imperative that we remain steadfast in our commitment to guarantee health care as a human right and no longer allow private corporations to make billions of dollars in profits off Americans’ health care.
If you support Medicare for All, you must be willing to end the greed of the health insurance and pharmaceutical industries. That means transforming our dysfunctional system by ending the use of private health insurance, except to cover non-essential care like cosmetic surgeries.
We’re proud to be the only campaign in this race funded entirely by lots of people giving small donations. But some of my opponents are raising huge sums from rich people holding big fundraisers. We can’t fall too far behind. Help us keep up and make a contribution by June 30.
We’re proud to be the only campaign in this race funded entirely by lots of people giving small donations. But some of my opponents are raising huge sums from rich people holding big fundraisers. We can’t fall too far behind. Help us keep up and make a contribution by June 30.
We’re proud to be the only campaign in this race funded entirely by lots of people giving small donations. But some of my opponents are raising huge sums from rich people holding big fundraisers. We can’t fall too far behind. Help us keep up and make a contribution by June 30.
We’re proud to be the only campaign in this race funded entirely by lots of people giving small donations. But some of my opponents are raising huge sums from rich people holding big fundraisers. We can’t fall too far behind. Help us keep up and make a contribution by June 30.
We’re proud to be the only campaign in this race funded entirely by lots of people giving small donations. But some of my opponents are raising huge sums from rich people holding big fundraisers. We can’t fall too far behind. Help us keep up and make a contribution by June 30.
We’re proud to be the only campaign in this race funded entirely by lots of people giving small donations. But some of my opponents are raising huge sums from rich people holding big fundraisers. We can’t fall too far behind. Help us keep up and make a contribution by June 30.
We’re proud to be the only campaign in this race funded entirely by lots of people giving small donations. But some of my opponents are raising huge sums from rich people holding big fundraisers. We can’t fall too far behind. Help us keep up and make a contribution by June 30.
We’re proud to be the only campaign in this race funded entirely by lots of people giving small donations. But some of my opponents are raising huge sums from rich people holding big fundraisers. We can’t fall too far behind. Help us keep up and make a contribution by June 30.
Our campaign is not only taking on the most dangerous president in modern history, we are also taking on powerful corporate interests who will spend whatever it takes to stop us. Make a contribution before our June 30 deadline to prove that organized people CAN beat big money.
Our campaign is not only taking on the most dangerous president in modern history, we are also taking on powerful corporate interests who will spend whatever it takes to stop us. Make a contribution before our June 30 deadline to prove that organized people CAN beat big money.
Our campaign is not only taking on the most dangerous president in modern history, we are also taking on powerful corporate interests who will spend whatever it takes to stop us. Make a contribution before our June 30 deadline to prove that organized people CAN beat big money.
Our campaign is not only taking on the most dangerous president in modern history, we are also taking on powerful corporate interests who will spend whatever it takes to stop us. Make a contribution before our June 30 deadline to prove that organized people CAN beat big money.
Our campaign is not only taking on the most dangerous president in modern history, we are also taking on powerful corporate interests who will spend whatever it takes to stop us. Make a contribution before our June 30 deadline to prove that organized people CAN beat big money.
Our campaign is not only taking on the most dangerous president in modern history, we are also taking on powerful corporate interests who will spend whatever it takes to stop us. Make a contribution before our June 30 deadline to prove that organized people CAN beat big money.
Our campaign is not only taking on the most dangerous president in modern history, we are also taking on powerful corporate interests who will spend whatever it takes to stop us. Make a contribution before our June 30 deadline to prove that organized people CAN beat big money.
Our campaign is not only taking on the most dangerous president in modern history, we are also taking on powerful corporate interests who will spend whatever it takes to stop us. Make a contribution before our June 30 deadline to prove that organized people CAN beat big money.
Congratulations to Illinois for legalizing marijuana and expunging 770,000 marijuana-related cases. It is time to legalize marijuana nationwide. 
Unlike Trump and many of my opponents, we don’t have billionaires funding our campaign. But we do have you. Help us prove that organized people can beat big money, and make a contribution to our campaign before our June 30 FEC deadline.
Unlike Trump and many of my opponents, we don’t have billionaires funding our campaign. But we do have you. Help us prove that organized people can beat big money, and make a contribution to our campaign before our June 30 FEC deadline.
Unlike Trump and many of my opponents, we don’t have billionaires funding our campaign. But we do have you. Help us prove that organized people can beat big money, and make a contribution to our campaign before our June 30 FEC deadline.
Unlike Trump and many of my opponents, we don’t have billionaires funding our campaign. But we do have you. Help us prove that organized people can beat big money, and make a contribution to our campaign before our June 30 FEC deadline.
Unlike Trump and many of my opponents, we don’t have billionaires funding our campaign. But we do have you. Help us prove that organized people can beat big money, and make a contribution to our campaign before our June 30 FEC deadline.
Unlike Trump and many of my opponents, we don’t have billionaires funding our campaign. But we do have you. Help us prove that organized people can beat big money, and make a contribution to our campaign before our June 30 FEC deadline.
Unlike Trump and many of my opponents, we don’t have billionaires funding our campaign. But we do have you. Help us prove that organized people can beat big money, and make a contribution to our campaign before our June 30 FEC deadline.
Unlike Trump and many of my opponents, we don’t have billionaires funding our campaign. But we do have you. Help us prove that organized people can beat big money, and make a contribution to our campaign before our June 30 FEC deadline.
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC deadline. And that’s not great, because some of our opponents are raising huge sums of money from rich folks who want to see us lose.Can you contribute to our campaign ahead of our fundraising deadline on June 30?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC deadline. And that’s not great, because some of our opponents are raising huge sums of money from rich folks who want to see us lose.Can you contribute to our campaign ahead of our fundraising deadline on June 30?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC deadline. And that’s not great, because some of our opponents are raising huge sums of money from rich folks who want to see us lose.Can you contribute to our campaign ahead of our fundraising deadline on June 30?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC deadline. And that’s not great, because some of our opponents are raising huge sums of money from rich folks who want to see us lose.Can you contribute to our campaign ahead of our fundraising deadline on June 30?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC deadline. And that’s not great, because some of our opponents are raising huge sums of money from rich folks who want to see us lose.Can you contribute to our campaign ahead of our fundraising deadline on June 30?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC deadline. And that’s not great, because some of our opponents are raising huge sums of money from rich folks who want to see us lose.Can you contribute to our campaign ahead of our fundraising deadline on June 30?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC deadline. And that’s not great, because some of our opponents are raising huge sums of money from rich folks who want to see us lose.Can you contribute to our campaign ahead of our fundraising deadline on June 30?
We’re falling a bit behind where we need to be before our FEC deadline. And that’s not great, because some of our opponents are raising huge sums of money from rich folks who want to see us lose.Can you contribute to our campaign ahead of our fundraising deadline on June 30?
We must have the guts to take on:-Wall Street-The insurance industry-The pharmaceutical industry-The military-industrial complex-The fossil fuel industryIf we can take them on, we will finally be able to create real change. 
I helped lead the opposition to the Iraq War. Joe Biden voted for it. When we talk about foreign policy there is a very clear difference in this election.  
  on point with his closing remark. To get anything big done, we do need a political revolution. 
Bernie just showed why he's the best candidate to defeat Trump. We're live from Bernie HQ in D.C. following the  Donate now to help us defeat Trump at  
I make no apologies for opposing the war in Vietnam.I make no apologies for opposing the war in Iraq.I make no apologies for opposing the war in Yemen.And I make no apologies for now trying to prevent a war with Iran.
We can and will end the epidemic of gun violence in this country:-Take on the NRA and its corrupting effect on Washington-Enact universal instant background checks and end the gun show loophole-Ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines 
Abortion is a constitutional right. End of discussion.  
  supported banning assault weapons since 1988. I was EIGHT years old. What I always appreciate about Bernie is…
I said it in 2015 and I will say it again: climate change is the greatest national security threat we face.  
I believed in 1988 and I believe today: assault weapons are weapons of war. They must be banned.  
It is not enough just to defeat Donald Trump. We need a political revolution to transform this country.  
Instead of spending trillions of dollars on misguided wars and weapons of mass destruction, we must combat our climate crisis and take on the fossil fuel industry. We need a Green New Deal. 
 Bernie has supported codifying Roe into federal law since 1993(!), and is a co-sponsor of the Blumenthal/Baldwin bill in the…
My plan to protect a woman's right to control her own body:✅ Only appoint judges who will defend Roe v. Wade✅ Pass Medicare for All and repeal the Hyde Amendment✅ Codify abortion rights into federal law
 Bernie is right. The top 1% has seen their wealth increase by $21T over the last 30 years. 
My administration will reflect the diversity of America, and we will have the guts to take on the powerful special interests standing in the way of progress. 
El primer día de mi administración: Emitiremos órdenes ejecutivas para deshacer cada cosa que Trump ha hecho para demonizar y dañar a los inmigrantes. 
We're with you Ady. We need Medicare for All NOW!  
 Sen. Bernie Sanders says Donald Trump "lied to the American people" when he said "he was going to stand up for for working familie…
Health care is a human right—not something to make billions in profits from.  
 Almost half of the  so far has been focused on Medicare for All. That's in no small part because people like
 “We rescind every damn thing on this issue that Trump has done” - on immigration 
Day one of my administration: We issue executive orders to undo every damn thing Trump has done to demonize and harm immigrants. 
Cancelar la deuda de préstamos estudiantil. Págalo con un impuesto de Wall Street. 
 Bernie’s answer to Swalwell’s “pass the torch to a new generation” was so important. It’s not how old you are, it’s if your wi…
La cobertura médica universal no es una idea radical. Es una realidad en:AustraliaAustriaBélgicaCanadáDinamarcaFinlandiaFranciaAlemaniaIslandiaIsraelItaliaJapónPaíses BajosNueva ZelandaNoruegaPoloniaPortugalCorea del surEspañaSueciaReino Unido
 Sanders and his ideas have shaped the entire first 25 minutes of this
When I say Medicare for All, I mean ALL.  
"Never before in all our history have these forces been so united against one candidate as they stand today. They are unanimous in their hate for me—and I welcome their hatred.” - President Franklin Roosevelt  
 It's pretty awesome that every Democrat now has to respond to the policy platform that has held for the p…
Universal health care is not a radical idea. It is a reality in:AustraliaAustriaBelgiumCanadaChileCzech Rep.DenmarkFinlandFranceGermanyGreeceHungaryIcelandIsraelItalyJapanNetherlandsNew ZealandNorwayPolandPortugalS. KoreaSpainSwedenU.K.
Medicare for All means:-No premiums-No deductibles-No co-pays-No surprise bills-No losing coverageMedicare for All will not only save lives — it will save average families thousands of dollars a year. 
The question is who has the guts to take on Wall Street, the billionaire class, the health insurance industry, the military-industrial complex, the fossil fuel industry. I welcome their hatred! 
  is right. Our generation is looking for a president who has the "guts to take on the fossil fuel industry.…
Donald Trump is a fraud. We're going to defeat him.  
Last poll I saw had us beating Donald Trump by 10 points.How do we beat Trump? We expose him for the fraud he is. 
 BERNIE! Awesome answer on  candidate who knows this issue the best and made it popular waaay back i…
Health care is a human right. We have got to pass a Medicare for All, single-payer program—under which the vast majority of the American people will be paying significantly less for health care. 
Cancel student debt. Pay for it with a tax on Wall Street. 
We have a new vision for America. Yes, we need fundamental change. We will:- Pass Medicare for All- Cancel student debt- Reform our criminal justice system- Take on Wall Street- Cut prescription drug prices in half
 Team feeling fired up for tonight!!     
Bernie will go on stage for the first  in just a few moments. Now from Bernie HQ, and take your questions and share their predictions for debate night. Join the conversation at  
Bernie will go on stage for the first  in a few moments. Now from Bernie HQ, and take your questions and share their predictions for debate night. Join the conversation:  
Let me be clear: you cannot solve the climate crisis without taking on the fossil fuel billionaires who have caused it. But no one candidate can do it alone.  Make a contribution before the debate ends to prove that organized people CAN beat Big Oil money.
Let me be clear: you cannot solve the climate crisis without taking on the fossil fuel billionaires who have caused it. But no one candidate can do it alone.  Make a contribution before the debate ends to prove that organized people CAN beat Big Oil money.
Let me be clear: you cannot solve the climate crisis without taking on the fossil fuel billionaires who have caused it. But no one candidate can do it alone.  Make a contribution before the debate ends to prove that organized people CAN beat Big Oil money.
Let me be clear: you cannot solve the climate crisis without taking on the fossil fuel billionaires who have caused it. But no one candidate can do it alone.  Make a contribution before the debate ends to prove that organized people CAN beat Big Oil money.
Let me be clear: you cannot solve the climate crisis without taking on the fossil fuel billionaires who have caused it. But no one candidate can do it alone.  Make a contribution before the debate ends to prove that organized people CAN beat Big Oil money.
Let me be clear: you cannot solve the climate crisis without taking on the fossil fuel billionaires who have caused it. But no one candidate can do it alone.  Make a contribution before the debate ends to prove that organized people CAN beat Big Oil money.
Let me be clear: you cannot solve the climate crisis without taking on the fossil fuel billionaires who have caused it. But no one candidate can do it alone.  Make a contribution before the debate ends to prove that organized people CAN beat Big Oil money.
Let me be clear: you cannot solve the climate crisis without taking on the fossil fuel billionaires who have caused it. But no one candidate can do it alone.  Make a contribution before the debate ends to prove that organized people CAN beat Big Oil money.
In the 2016 debates, I said the climate crisis was our greatest national security threat. People laughed. Not anymore. We are going to pass a Green New Deal. Chip in before the debate ends if you’re with us.
In the 2016 debates, I said the climate crisis was our greatest national security threat. People laughed. Not anymore. We are going to pass a Green New Deal. Chip in before the debate ends if you’re with us.
In the 2016 debates, I said the climate crisis was our greatest national security threat. People laughed. Not anymore. We are going to pass a Green New Deal. Chip in before the debate ends if you’re with us.
In the 2016 debates, I said the climate crisis was our greatest national security threat. People laughed. Not anymore. We are going to pass a Green New Deal. Chip in before the debate ends if you’re with us.
In the 2016 debates, I said the climate crisis was our greatest national security threat. People laughed. Not anymore. We are going to pass a Green New Deal. Chip in before the debate ends if you’re with us.
In the 2016 debates, I said the climate crisis was our greatest national security threat. People laughed. Not anymore. We are going to pass a Green New Deal. Chip in before the debate ends if you’re with us.
In the 2016 debates, I said the climate crisis was our greatest national security threat. People laughed. Not anymore. We are going to pass a Green New Deal. Chip in before the debate ends if you’re with us.
In the 2016 debates, I said the climate crisis was our greatest national security threat. People laughed. Not anymore. We are going to pass a Green New Deal. Chip in before the debate ends if you’re with us.
I’m the only candidate on stage ready to take on greedy insurance companies and Big Pharma. Maybe that’s because I’m the only candidate whose campaign is powered entirely by small donations, not by rich people cutting checks. Make a contribution right now to help us keep it up.
I’m the only candidate on stage ready to take on greedy insurance companies and Big Pharma. Maybe that’s because I’m the only candidate whose campaign is powered entirely by small donations, not by rich people cutting checks. Make a contribution right now to help us keep it up.
I’m the only candidate on stage ready to take on greedy insurance companies and Big Pharma. Maybe that’s because I’m the only candidate whose campaign is powered entirely by small donations, not by rich people cutting checks. Make a contribution right now to help us keep it up.
I’m the only candidate on stage ready to take on greedy insurance companies and Big Pharma. Maybe that’s because I’m the only candidate whose campaign is powered entirely by small donations, not by rich people cutting checks. Make a contribution right now to help us keep it up.
I’m the only candidate on stage ready to take on greedy insurance companies and Big Pharma. Maybe that’s because I’m the only candidate whose campaign is powered entirely by small donations, not by rich people cutting checks. Make a contribution right now to help us keep it up.
I’m the only candidate on stage ready to take on greedy insurance companies and Big Pharma. Maybe that’s because I’m the only candidate whose campaign is powered entirely by small donations, not by rich people cutting checks. Make a contribution right now to help us keep it up.
I’m the only candidate on stage ready to take on greedy insurance companies and Big Pharma. Maybe that’s because I’m the only candidate whose campaign is powered entirely by small donations, not by rich people cutting checks. Make a contribution right now to help us keep it up.
I’m the only candidate on stage ready to take on greedy insurance companies and Big Pharma. Maybe that’s because I’m the only candidate whose campaign is powered entirely by small donations, not by rich people cutting checks. Make a contribution right now to help us keep it up.
In Homestead, Florida, is the largest child detention center in the US. Thank you for shining a light on this. We have got to end private detention centers that profit off of children's suffering. 
If you believe health care should be a right for every man, woman and child in this country, contribute to our campaign during this debate.
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can cancel student debt. Contribute to our campaign during this debate if you agree.
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can cancel student debt. Contribute to our campaign during this debate if you agree.
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can cancel student debt. Contribute to our campaign during this debate if you agree.
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can cancel student debt. Contribute to our campaign during this debate if you agree.
If you believe health care should be a right for every man, woman and child in this country, contribute to our campaign during this debate.
If you believe health care should be a right for every man, woman and child in this country, contribute to our campaign during this debate.
If you believe health care should be a right for every man, woman and child in this country, contribute to our campaign during this debate.
If you believe health care should be a right for every man, woman and child in this country, contribute to our campaign during this debate.
If you believe health care should be a right for every man, woman and child in this country, contribute to our campaign during this debate.
If you believe health care should be a right for every man, woman and child in this country, contribute to our campaign during this debate.
If you believe health care should be a right for every man, woman and child in this country, contribute to our campaign during this debate.
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can Cancel Student Debt. Contribute to our campaign during this debate if you agree.
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can Cancel Student Debt. Contribute to our campaign during this debate if you agree.
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can Cancel Student Debt. Contribute to our campaign during this debate if you agree.
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can Cancel Student Debt. Contribute to our campaign during this debate if you agree.
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can Cancel Student Debt. Contribute to our campaign during this debate if you agree.
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can Cancel Student Debt. Contribute to our campaign during this debate if you agree.
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can Cancel Student Debt. Contribute to our campaign during this debate if you agree.
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can Cancel Student Debt. Contribute to our campaign during this debate if you agree.
Today I visited the Homestead child detention center in Florida, which holds approximately 3,000 children. The bottom line: this is not what our country should be about. 
Ideas like Medicare for All, free college and a $15 minimum wage used to be called “radical” and “fringe.” Tonight, they are front and center during our debate. Make a contribution to Bernie 2020 today and we’re going to win this election and transform this country.
Ideas like Medicare for All, free college and a $15 minimum wage used to be called “radical” and “fringe.” Tonight, they are front and center during our debate. Make a contribution to Bernie 2020 today and we’re going to win this election and transform this country.
Ideas like Medicare for All, free college and a $15 minimum wage used to be called “radical” and “fringe.” Tonight, they are front and center during our debate. Make a contribution to Bernie 2020 today and we’re going to win this election and transform this country.
Ideas like Medicare for All, free college and a $15 minimum wage used to be called “radical” and “fringe.” Tonight, they are front and center during our debate. Make a contribution to Bernie 2020 today and we’re going to win this election and transform this country.
Ideas like Medicare for All, free college and a $15 minimum wage used to be called “radical” and “fringe.” Tonight, they are front and center during our debate. Make a contribution to Bernie 2020 today and we’re going to win this election and transform this country.
Ideas like Medicare for All, free college and a $15 minimum wage used to be called “radical” and “fringe.” Tonight, they are front and center during our debate. Make a contribution to Bernie 2020 today and we’re going to win this election and transform this country.
Ideas like Medicare for All, free college and a $15 minimum wage used to be called “radical” and “fringe.” Tonight, they are front and center during our debate. Make a contribution to Bernie 2020 today and we’re going to win this election and transform this country.
Ideas like Medicare for All, free college and a $15 minimum wage used to be called “radical” and “fringe.” Tonight, they are front and center during our debate. Make a contribution to Bernie 2020 today and we’re going to win this election and transform this country.
Every candidate at this debate is talking about:- Raising taxes on the 1% and corporations- Raising the minimum wage- Tuition-free college- Making health care a rightOur movement has led the way and we can’t stop now. Chip in before the debate ends.
Every candidate at this debate is talking about:- Raising taxes on the 1% and corporations- Raising the minimum wage- Tuition-free college- Making health care a rightOur movement has led the way and we can’t stop now. Chip in before the debate ends.
Every candidate at this debate is talking about:- Raising taxes on the 1% and corporations- Raising the minimum wage- Tuition-free college- Making health care a rightOur movement has led the way and we can’t stop now. Chip in before the debate ends.
Every candidate at this debate is talking about:- Raising taxes on the 1% and corporations- Raising the minimum wage- Tuition-free college- Making health care a rightOur movement has led the way and we can’t stop now. Chip in before the debate ends.
Every candidate at this debate is talking about:- Raising taxes on the 1% and corporations- Raising the minimum wage- Tuition-free college- Making health care a rightOur movement has led the way and we can’t stop now. Chip in before the debate ends.
Every candidate at this debate is talking about:- Raising taxes on the 1% and corporations- Raising the minimum wage- Tuition-free college- Making health care a rightOur movement has led the way and we can’t stop now. Chip in before the debate ends.
Every candidate at this debate is talking about:- Raising taxes on the 1% and corporations- Raising the minimum wage- Tuition-free college- Making health care a rightOur movement has led the way and we can’t stop now. Chip in before the debate ends.
Every candidate at this debate is talking about:- Raising taxes on the 1% and corporations- Raising the minimum wage- Tuition-free college- Making health care a rightOur movement has led the way and we can’t stop now. Chip in before the debate ends.
Watching the debate? Contribute to our campaign to help us win the night and win this election.
Watching the debate? Contribute to our campaign to help us win the night and win this election.
Watching the debate? Contribute to our campaign to help us win the night and win this election.
Watching the debate? Contribute to our campaign to help us win the night and win this election.
Watching the debate? Contribute to our campaign to help us win the night and win this election.
Watching the debate? Contribute to our campaign to help us win the night and win this election.
Watching the debate? Contribute to our campaign to help us win the night and win this election.
Watching the debate? Contribute to our campaign to help us win the night and win this election.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help Bernie win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help Bernie win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help Bernie win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help Bernie win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help Bernie win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help Bernie win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help Bernie win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
One of the ways the press measures who “won” the debate is how many donations a campaign receives. So if you want to help Bernie win the night and win this election, make a contribution to our campaign tonight.
Ideas like Medicare for All, free college and a $15 minimum wage used to be called “radical” and “fringe” Tonight, they are front and center during our debate. Make a contribution to Bernie 2020 today and we’re going to win this election and transform this country.
Ideas like Medicare for All, free college and a $15 minimum wage used to be called “radical” and “fringe” Tonight, they are front and center during our debate. Make a contribution to Bernie 2020 today and we’re going to win this election and transform this country.
Ideas like Medicare for All, free college and a $15 minimum wage used to be called “radical” and “fringe” Tonight, they are front and center during our debate. Make a contribution to Bernie 2020 today and we’re going to win this election and transform this country.
Ideas like Medicare for All, free college and a $15 minimum wage used to be called “radical” and “fringe” Tonight, they are front and center during our debate. Make a contribution to Bernie 2020 today and we’re going to win this election and transform this country.
Ideas like Medicare for All, free college and a $15 minimum wage used to be called “radical” and “fringe” Tonight, they are front and center during our debate. Make a contribution to Bernie 2020 today and we’re going to win this election and transform this country.
Ideas like Medicare for All, free college and a $15 minimum wage used to be called “radical” and “fringe” Tonight, they are front and center during our debate. Make a contribution to Bernie 2020 today and we’re going to win this election and transform this country.
Ideas like Medicare for All, free college and a $15 minimum wage used to be called “radical” and “fringe” Tonight, they are front and center during our debate. Make a contribution to Bernie 2020 today and we’re going to win this election and transform this country.
Ideas like Medicare for All, free college and a $15 minimum wage used to be called “radical” and “fringe” Tonight, they are front and center during our debate. Make a contribution to Bernie 2020 today and we’re going to win this election and transform this country.
Tonight our campaign will be hosting a live pre-debate and post-debate show so you can hear about debate strategy and predictions from Bernie 2020 staff and Rep. Tune in tonight on  at 8:30 pm ET! 
 and I had a chance to meet a young girl just 14 years old who uses her voice as a plat…
 Bernie heard my story and promised to stand for ALL immigrant families! He also supports our local organizing to shu…
I say to Trump: stop demonizing immigrants. Stop terrorizing children by forcing them to live in fear of losing their parents. This is America and we must not separate families. 
Today is the day. I'll be on the debate stage in Miami tonight to continue our fight to create a nation that works for all of us. Watch live at 9 pm ET at  
There's still time to find a Bernie 2020 watch party near you before the debate tonight. Go to  to find one, and meet up with others who are part of our movement to defeat Trump and transform the country. 
The use of pseudonyms in lawsuits regarding sexual harassment and assault is a common, accepted legal practice that protects the safety and privacy of survivors.Join me in telling to immediately end its opposition to anonymity of survivors:  
 Looking for where to watch tonight in Iowa? Go to   to find a debate watch party ne…
 Hey  and  fans, looking to join fellow  supporters to watch the debate tonight? CC: 
Big news: We're on Follow us at  
 Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders speaks outside a detention camp in Homestead, Florida. More on the crisis: ht…
Trump believes in corporate socialism to protect the wealth and power of the rich. I believe the U.S. must end corporate socialism and instead fulfill President Franklin D. Roosevelt’s vision of enshrining basic economic rights for all Americans. 
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tonight, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the 
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tonight, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the 
Before Bernie takes the debate stage tonight, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the 
At 9pm tonight, Bernie will take the debate stage with Joe Biden and eight other Democrats. Our job every minute until then is to generate as many donations as possible to send Bernie into the debate with more grassroots momentum than any other candidate. Can you chip in now?
At 9pm tonight, Bernie will take the debate stage with Joe Biden and eight other Democrats. Our job every minute until then is to generate as many donations as possible to send Bernie into the debate with more grassroots momentum than any other candidate. Can you chip in now?
At 9pm tonight, Bernie will take the debate stage with Joe Biden and eight other Democrats. Our job every minute until then is to generate as many donations as possible to send Bernie into the debate with more grassroots momentum than any other candidate. Can you chip in now?
We should not be imprisoning children who have committed the “crime” of walking a thousand or more miles in order to try to save their lives and have a shot at freedom and dignity. 
What makes our campaign different is not just that we've led on the issues for a long time.We're offering transformational change—and giving people a role in making it happen.I cannot do this alone. Join me and chip in before the debate tonight: 
Trump lied about his motivations, and five justices called him on it. His proposal to add a citizenship question to the census was nothing but a racist attempt to disenfranchise communities of color. 
Today, the Supreme Court gave Republican politicians across the country the approval to rig our democracy and suppress voters with racist, gerrymandered maps. This is is not what democracy is about. We can take back power by registering and mobilizing new voters. 
  arrives at the Homestead Migrant Detention Facility 
 Just made a donation to campaign to get ready for his 1st debate tonight. Sanders has unimpeachable bona fi…
Go to  to find a debate watch party near you.  
In 2015 I said climate change was the greatest threat to our national security. We were mocked for that then. Not anymore. We are going to pass a Green New Deal and address this emergency.  
Candidates are talking about:-Raising taxes on the 1% and corporations-Raising the minimum wage-Tuition-free college-Making health care a rightOur movement has led the way and we can’t stop now. Chip in before the debate ends:  
There is only one way to fix our broken health care system. We must get rid of greedy insurance companies and pass Medicare for All. 
Tomorrow I will be visiting the Homestead child detention center in Florida. Children are not criminals. They are not our enemies. We have got to end private detention centers that profit off of their suffering. 
I'm going to be on the debate stage tomorrow night. This will be my message.  
We cannot let Trump pick us off one group at a time. We will stand with our immigrant neighbors. 
   
Abolish the death penalty. 
We need an overhaul of our immigration system that treats desperate people with humanity and compassion, not as criminals, and fulfills our obligation to guarantee those coming to America with safe and healthy conditions. 3/
The Trump administration has refused to expeditiously process asylum seekers, torn families apart and thrown children into cages—all in a deliberate effort to stoke anti-immigrant hatred. 2/
The photo of this father and his young daughter is horrific. It is just one painful example of so many that demonstrate the reckless disregard for basic humanity that have come from Trump's policies. 1/ 
We need a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights, and that includes a right to decent housing. 
This is horrific. Trump’s policy of making it harder and harder to seek asylum—and separating families who do—is cruel, inhumane and leads to tragedies like this. We must stop the deaths. We must restore humanity to our immigration system. 
No one should profit off detaining human beings.
 “We need to rethink the militaristic approach that has undermined the United States’ moral authority, caused allies to…
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can  your name if you agree.
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can  your name if you agree.
There is $1,644,664,813,655 worth of student debt in this country.We should cancel all of it.Add your name if you agree.
There is $1,644,664,813,655 worth of student debt in this country.We should cancel all of it.Add your name if you agree.
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can  in if you agree.
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can  in if you agree.
If we can bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can  in if you agree.
There is $1,644,664,813,655 worth of student debt in this country.We should cancel all of it.Chip in to our campaign if you agree.
There is $1,644,664,813,655 worth of student debt in this country.We should cancel all of it.Chip in to our campaign if you agree.
 We just got pizza from Keeping us fueled and ready to stay put until the gives us a  ht…
 TODAY IS THE DAY! Queens residents: polls are open 6am-9pm. Find your pollsite here: Volunte…
Boston College grad students are fighting to have their labor rights acknowledged. It's time the university respects the majority of grad students who voted to be in a union. I stand with in their efforts to organize and unionize.  
I stand with the workers at Wayfair who are walking out tomorrow to protest the treatment of asylum seekers at the border. We cannot be a nation that stands for locking up little children. What these workers are doing is brave and necessary.  
 Queens residents: Today is the day we vote for DA! 🌞🗳 Communities win when we turn out in high numbers. Let’s get
  calls for an end to a U.S. foreign policy oriented around terrorism and endless wars:
 NEW episode of  today!! By popular demand, we've returned to Bernie's Democratic Socialism speech! This time…
In a few days, Bernie will take the stage in the first Democratic debate, and we want him to have as much grassroots momentum behind him as possible. Chip in right now to show Bernie you’re a part of this movement.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
For Bernie, this first Democratic debate isn’t about him – it’s about us. It’s about proving that the only way to take on Donald Trump and the billionaire class is to do it together. Become a debate donor to stand with Bernie and show the power of our movement.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
On June 27, Bernie will take the debate stage with Joe Biden and eight other Democrats. Our job every day until then is to generate as many donations as possible to send Bernie into the debate with more grassroots momentum than any other candidate. Can you chip in before June 27?
In a few days, Bernie will take the stage in the first Democratic debate, and we want him to have as much grassroots momentum behind him as possible. Chip in right now to show Bernie you’re a part of this movement.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
For Bernie, this first Democratic debate isn’t about him – it’s about us. It’s about proving that the only way to take on Donald Trump and the billionaire class is to do it together. Become a debate donor to stand with Bernie and show the power of our movement.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
On June 27, Bernie will take the debate stage with Joe Biden and eight other Democrats. Our job every day until then is to generate as many donations as possible to send Bernie into the debate with more grassroots momentum than any other candidate. Can you chip in before June 27?
 And we’re going to cancel all of it. 💯✊🏽 
Queens, today you have an opportunity to make history by electing as your next District Attorney! Tiffany will bring the transformational change we need to our broken and racist criminal justice system.Find your poll site here:  
Congratulations to IKEA workers in Illinois who have voted to unionize with When unions are strong the middle class is strong.
The American people deserve freedom—true freedom. And you are not truly free when you graduate college with hundreds of thousands of dollars in student debt.  
In a few days, Bernie will take the stage in the first Democratic debate, and we want him to have as much grassroots momentum behind him as possible. Chip in right now to show Bernie you’re a part of this movement.
In a few days, Bernie will take the stage in the first Democratic debate, and we want him to have as much grassroots momentum behind him as possible. Chip in right now to show Bernie you’re a part of this movement.
In a few days, Bernie will take the stage in the first Democratic debate, and we want him to have as much grassroots momentum behind him as possible. Chip in right now to show Bernie you’re a part of this movement.
In a few days, Bernie will take the stage in the first Democratic debate, and we want him to have as much grassroots momentum behind him as possible. Chip in right now to show Bernie you’re a part of this movement.
In a few days, Bernie will take the stage in the first Democratic debate, and we want him to have as much grassroots momentum behind him as possible. Chip in right now to show Bernie you’re a part of this movement.
In a few days, Bernie will take the stage in the first Democratic debate, and we want him to have as much grassroots momentum behind him as possible. Chip in right now to show Bernie you’re a part of this movement.
Our plan:  and make Wall Street pay for it. 
If there ever was a time in American history for men to stand up and join women in the fight for abortion rights, now is that time. 
In the richest country in the history of the world, higher education should be a right for all, not a privilege for a few. If you agree, chip in before our June 30 FEC deadline to help our campaign  and pass 
If we could bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can  But we can’t do it alone. Chip in right now if you believe that higher education is a right for all.
If we could bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can  But we can’t do it alone. If you believe that higher education is a right for all, chip in before our FEC fundraising deadline.
How many Americans have student debt: 45 millionTotal federal student debt in the U.S: Over $1,625,300,000,000How much we should cancel: All of it 
We shouldn't punish people for getting an education. It’s time to hit the reset button. Add your name as a citizen co-sponsor of our College for All plan to make college a right for all and to cancel ALL student loan debt!   
In the richest country in the history of the world, higher education should be a right for all, not a privilege for a few. If you agree, chip in before our June 30 FEC deadline to help our campaign  and pass 
In the richest country in the history of the world, higher education should be a right for all, not a privilege for a few. If you agree, chip in before our June 30 FEC deadline to help our campaign  and pass 
In the richest country in the history of the world, higher education should be a right for all, not a privilege for a few. If you agree, chip in before our June 30 FEC deadline to help our campaign  and pass 
In the richest country in the history of the world, higher education should be a right for all, not a privilege for a few. If you agree, chip in before our June 30 FEC deadline to help our campaign  and pass 
If we could bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can  But we can’t do it alone. Chip in right now if you believe that higher education is a right for all.
If we could bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can  But we can’t do it alone. Chip in right now if you believe that higher education is a right for all.
If we could bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can  But we can’t do it alone. Chip in right now if you believe that higher education is a right for all.
If we could bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can  But we can’t do it alone. Chip in right now if you believe that higher education is a right for all.
If we could bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can  But we can’t do it alone. If you believe that higher education is a right for all, chip in before our FEC fundraising deadline.
If we could bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can  But we can’t do it alone. If you believe that higher education is a right for all, chip in before our FEC fundraising deadline.
If we could bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can  But we can’t do it alone. If you believe that higher education is a right for all, chip in before our FEC fundraising deadline.
If we could bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can  But we can’t do it alone. If you believe that higher education is a right for all, chip in before our FEC fundraising deadline.
Republicans have no problem spending trillions of dollars on tax breaks for billionaires.They have no problem spending trillions on endless war in the Middle East.But when it comes to  or  we "can't afford it." What hypocrisy!
⚡️ Bernie Announces Plan to 


I've been criticized for this, so let me say it again.Every young person, regardless of their family income, the color of their skin, disability, or immigration status should have the opportunity to attend college. 
-45% of college students report struggling with hunger-56% report struggling with housing costs-17% say they experienced homelessnessIn the richest country in the history of the world, students shouldn't have to starve to get an education.  
 Tax payers bailed out Wall Street. They can help us  Proud to introduce  with my col…
 Student loans are a scam.That’s why I join ; to forgive ALL student loans AND make colleges…
Wall Street speculators nearly destroyed the economy a decade ago, and the American people bailed them out.Now it's time for Wall Street to come to the aid of the middle class of this country.We are going to  and pay for it with a tax on Wall Street.
 It’s time to bail out the people!  
Are you truly free if you graduate hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt?Are you free if you cannot pursue your dream because you don't make enough to cover your student loan payments?We will  because there is no freedom without economic freedom.
Almost two-thirds of all student debt—nearly $929 billion—in the U.S. is held by women. 
 I don't want my children to have to worry about whether or not they can afford to go to college, and I do not want them…
 Why we need to  - Black students graduate with some $7.4k more in student loans debt than white students…
Betsy DeVos and Donald Trump want to make it harder for young people to attend college and reward predatory lenders that keep students trapped in debt.We have a better idea: make public colleges and universities tuition-free and cancel all student debt.
 16 yrs after graduation ; still have 26k student loan debt - pales in comparison to many new graduates.Tuition is much…
 This is why I’m all in for   $1.6 trillion. 
 Senator Sanders is NOT beholden to Wall Street and he NEVER will be. In fact, he's devoted his career to fighting Wall…
 About 2 weeks ago, explained his desire for a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights. See here: 
 50% of Californians in the class of 2017 graduated with student debt at an average of $22,785 in debt. That’s why
 Iowa has nearly $13 billion dollars worth of student debt. 63% of our students graduate with  $30,000 of debt.It’s time to…
 This is what leadership looks like.  
How much student debt do you have, and what would you be able to do if you didn't have it? 
 If we had cancelled all student debt in 2016, we would have shrunk the racial wealth gap between young white and black hou…
 Student debt can deter you from moving, marriage, children, buying a home, choosing a particular career, leaving an unh…
Black students graduate with some $7,400 more in student loan debt than white students. Just four years after graduating, the debt gap widens to $25,000. 
  
If we could bail out Wall Street, we sure as hell can 
 
 These responses from represent a rare and important pushback by a major figure in our politics against…
  “In my view, the right to control your own body is a constitutional right — and you will have a president who w…
 Standing room only for town hall at Clinton College in Rock Hill, South Carolina 
Join our town hall in Rock Hill, South Carolina. 
Trump's immigration policies are sickening, disgusting and everything that this country does not stand for.We need a humane policy at the border, not locking up children in cages.We need to protect the 1.8 million eligible for DACA.We need comprehensive immigration reform.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
For Bernie, this first Democratic debate isn’t about him – it’s about us. It’s about proving that the only way to take on Donald Trump and the billionaire class is to do it together. Become a debate donor to stand with Bernie and show the power of our movement.
For Bernie, this first Democratic debate isn’t about him – it’s about us. It’s about proving that the only way to take on Donald Trump and the billionaire class is to do it together. Become a debate donor to stand with Bernie and show the power of our movement.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
On June 27, Bernie will take the debate stage with Joe Biden and eight other Democrats. Our job every day until then is to generate as many donations as possible to send Bernie into the debate with more grassroots momentum than any other candidate. Can you chip in before June 27?
On June 27, Bernie will take the debate stage with Joe Biden and eight other Democrats. Our job every day until then is to generate as many donations as possible to send Bernie into the debate with more grassroots momentum than any other candidate. Can you chip in before June 27?
Americans are lining up in the middle of the night at temporary clinics, in parking lots and cafeterias, to get the health care they desperately need. That is an international disgrace. We must pass Medicare for All.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
Bombing another country is an act of warfare. Period. We must do everything possible to stop Donald Trump from escalating the crisis he helped create with Iran. 
We need a political revolution to transform this country.  Join us in South Carolina! 
The corporate wing of the party thinks we're an “existential threat” because we want to:-Make health care a right-Break up big banks-Save the planet-Make college tuition-free-End endless wars-Make the wealthy pay their fair shareIf that makes us a "threat,” so be it. 
Live at the Planned Parenthood Forum 
I plead guilty to being an "existential threat" to the greed of corporate interests and wealthy campaign contributors who want to continue their dominance over the political and economic life of our country. 
A nation isn't judged by how many billionaires it has.It is judged by how it treats children, the sick and the poor.The cruelty of the Trump administration must end immediately. 
It is true that the 1% have a lot of money and a lot of power. But 99% is a hell of a lot bigger number than 1%.
Mark my words. A war with Iran would be an unmitigated disaster.I need your help to stop this disastrous war.Sign our petition to tell Congress to pass legislation that would prohibit military action against Iran without Congressional approval. 
 This video about teachers’ strikes shows one of the main reasons I support Could you take a peek? 
 “Brothers and sisters, at the end of the day, the one percent - they’ve got a lot of money and a lot of power,”
 At Jim Clyburn’s fish fry takes the stage 
The Constitution is very clear: it's Congress—not the president—who decides when we go to war.Congress must immediately make clear to Trump: he can't take us into hostilities with Iran without congressional authorization.Doing so would be unconstitutional and illegal.
Si ocurre una redada de ICE, independientemente de su estado migratorio,  sepa que tiene derechos. Por favor, comparta y vea aquí para más información:  
If you experience an ICE raid, regardless of your immigration status, know that you have rights. Please share and see here for more information:  
A war with Iran would be an absolute disaster.-It would further destabilize the region-It would result in never-ending war-It would likely cost trillions of dollars-Thousands of lives would be lostWe must not fight another unnecessary war. 
Full statement here: 
Every person with a disability deserves the right to live in the community and have access to the services and supports they need to pursue the American dream. It is our moral responsibility to make it happen. 
 When says that climate change is the biggest threat to national security, he’s not alone. A new study finds…
 Hi. I love this video.They've got money. We've got people! 
The teacher strikes in Arizona, West Virginia, Oklahoma, Kentucky, Colorado, North Carolina, South Carolina and more are transforming the country. We won't rest until every teacher earns at least $60,000 a year. 
On July 1st, an estimated 77,000 Nevadans will have their voting rights restored. Attorney General is going to make sure they know about it. This is what state leadership in defense of our fundamental rights looks like. 
 Sometimes the best response to Trump is to just laugh him off 
If you are a human being, regardless of your immigration status, you have a right to health care. 
 Our movement stands with immigrants today and will protect immigrant families when we are in the White House. 
We need the best-educated population in the world. We're going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free and open that to the undocumented. 
 contesta preguntas en Telemundo luego de su presentación en NALEO. Habló de una política pública sensib…
 "I make a simple promise to you: to protect the undocumented, to pass a comprehensive immigration reform, to reinstate l…
 Asking about whether undocumented get covered under Medicare For All, tells "Abso…
Here is my promise: As President I will:✅ protect the undocumented✅ pass comprehensive immigration reform✅ reinstate legal status for DACA recipients and their parents
 Following President Trump’s announcement of plans for immigrant round-ups and deportations, tackles the demonizat…
 "Vamos a usar todos los poderes de la presidencia para revertir el temor y el daño que este presidente ha hecho", asegur…
For Bernie, this first Democratic debate isn’t about him – it’s about us. It’s about proving that the only way to take on Donald Trump and the billionaire class is to do it together. Become a debate donor to stand with Bernie and show the power of our movement.
For Bernie, this first Democratic debate isn’t about him – it’s about us. It’s about proving that the only way to take on Donald Trump and the billionaire class is to do it together. Become a debate donor to stand with Bernie and show the power of our movement.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
On June 27, Bernie will take the debate stage with Joe Biden and eight other Democrats. Our job every day until then is to generate as many donations as possible to send Bernie into the debate with more grassroots momentum than any other candidate. Can you chip in before June 27?
On June 27, Bernie will take the debate stage with Joe Biden and eight other Democrats. Our job every day until then is to generate as many donations as possible to send Bernie into the debate with more grassroots momentum than any other candidate. Can you chip in before June 27?
 Thank you Senator I’m proud to be helping lead the fight for social and economic justice. We are going to fi…
 is owned by the richest family in America. The Waltons are worth over $175 billion.They refuse to raise their workers' minimum wage to $15 an hour.That is greed, plain and simple.
AT;T promised to create 7,000 new jobs if the Trump tax cuts passed.It got $21 billion in tax breaks, but has CUT 23,000 jobs and plans to cut nearly 2,000 more this year.Working families at deserve better. I stand with them and AT;T's greed must end.
No one in America should die because they can't afford insulin. 
"After fleeing Somalia, surviving a refugee camp and seeking asylum in America, I’m deeply committed to changing this world to be a better place.”I’m proud to have Abshir Omar on our team fighting for a political revolution.  
 got a $2.2 billion tax break from Trump. Now they are cutting hundreds of jobs and still refuse to pay a living wage.I say to the Waltons: If you won't end your greed then we'll end it for you. 
Special interests just launched a $4 million campaign to attack Medicare for All.They want to protect the current system which makes huge profits for executives and leaves 34 million without care.They may have the money. But we have the people. We're going to win.
For Bernie, this first Democratic debate isn’t about him – it’s about us. It’s about proving that the only way to take on Donald Trump and the billionaire class is to do it together. Become a debate donor to stand with Bernie and show the power of our movement.
For Bernie, this first Democratic debate isn’t about him – it’s about us. It’s about proving that the only way to take on Donald Trump and the billionaire class is to do it together. Become a debate donor to stand with Bernie and show the power of our movement.
For Bernie, this first Democratic debate isn’t about him – it’s about us. It’s about proving that the only way to take on Donald Trump and the billionaire class is to do it together. Become a debate donor to stand with Bernie and show the power of our movement.
For Bernie, this first Democratic debate isn’t about him – it’s about us. It’s about proving that the only way to take on Donald Trump and the billionaire class is to do it together. Become a debate donor to stand with Bernie and show the power of our movement.
 I am beyond thrilled and honored to receive an endorsement from He has dedicated his entire career to a…
I stand in solidarity with all those fighting for union representation in their workplace. To and do the right thing and recognize the negotiate in good faith, and agree on a fair contract. 
We cannot be a nation that is locking up little children at the border and tearing families apart. We must treat asylum seekers with dignity. 
Congratulations to bike share workers. Together, we will grow the union movement and improve the lives of American workers. 
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
On June 27, Bernie will take the debate stage with Joe Biden and eight other Democrats. Our job every day until then is to generate as many donations as possible to send Bernie into the debate with more grassroots momentum than any other candidate. Can you chip in before June 27?
This is why there is no middle ground when it comes to boldly addressing climate change, immediately. People are dying because of the greed of the fossil fuel industry. That is an international emergency. 
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
On June 27, Bernie will take the debate stage with Joe Biden and eight other Democrats. Our job every day until then is to generate as many donations as possible to send Bernie into the debate with more grassroots momentum than any other candidate. Can you chip in before June 27?
It's easy for politicians to pound the table and talk about how tough they are.But it will not be the kids of billionaires who get killed in a war with Iran. It will be working class kids.We must work to solve this crisis with Iran diplomatically, not go to war.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
Before Bernie takes the debate stage on June 27, our campaign is aiming for a record number of individual donations. Because the truth is that Bernie can't do this alone. The only way we win is together. Make a donation to stand with Bernie before the first democratic debate.
On June 27, Bernie will take the debate stage with Joe Biden and eight other Democrats. Our job every day until then is to generate as many donations as possible to send Bernie into the debate with more grassroots momentum than any other candidate. Can you chip in before June 27?
On June 27, Bernie will take the debate stage with Joe Biden and eight other Democrats. Our job every day until then is to generate as many donations as possible to send Bernie into the debate with more grassroots momentum than any other candidate. Can you chip in before June 27?
Four years without a raise. No family health care coverage. A union-busting private contractor. It's no wonder why bus drivers on Martha's Vineyard are gearing up for a strike. My message to respect workers and settle a fair contract. 
Let's be clear: There's nothing patriotic about the wealthiest people in America stashing their cash in offshore tax havens to avoid paying U.S. taxes. If I'm elected president, we will end these offshore tax scams and make the top 1% pay their fair share. 
Billy Koehler died because he couldn't afford a defibrillator.Shalynne Vilela died waiting for care due to her insurance status.Alec Smith died because he couldn't afford insulin.30,000 Americans a year die waiting for health care because of the cost. Medicare for All now! 
 is right: "Only by reaching high can you transform this country. You cannot meddle around the middle." 
Bike share workers at are fighting for economic improvements to secure their livelihoods. Tomorrow they will vote on whether to join a union. Unions work in improving the lives of workers. Good luck tomorrow.
My experience fighting segregation in Chicago in the 1960s significantly shaped my life. 
Our movement is opposed by:-The drug companies-The insurance companies-The NRA-The fossil fuel industry-Wall Street-The military industrial complex-Private prisonsOur response to them is exactly what FDR stated in 1936: "We welcome your hatred." 
I agree with Cory Booker. This is especially true at a time when the Trump administration is trying to divide us up with its racist appeals. 
When the people of Yemen see “Made in USA” on the bombs that are destroying their country, it tells them that the U.S.A. is to blame.We must end our support for this unauthorized, unconstitutional, and disastrous Saudi-led war in Yemen. 
The Vietnam War was based on a lie. The Iraq War was based on lies. We cannot allow Trump to drag us into war with Iran. 
I've committed to supporting the nominee. My question to and the corporate wing of the party: If we nominate a progressive who supports M4A, breaking up the big banks and taking on the billionaire class, whomever that is, will you support them against Trump?
I am pleased to endorse who is running for District Attorney in Queens, New York. Like our campaign, Tiffany is taking on virtually the entire political establishment. And like our campaign, Tiffany has put together the kind of grassroots effort it takes to win. 
The cat is out of the bag. The corporate wing of the Democratic Party is publicly "anybody but Bernie." They know our progressive agenda of Medicare for All, breaking up big banks, taking on drug companies and raising wages is the real threat to the billionaire class. 
Juneteenth should be a national holiday. 
In 2017, four of the Waltons made $12.7 billion in a single day.To make that much, it would take a worker working “full-time” earning $11 an hour over 653,000 years.The greed has got to end.
Our most important job is to defeat the most dangerous president in the modern history of this country.
Things Trump didn’t mention in his campaign kickoff:-Climate change-Tens of millions live paycheck to paycheck-$1.5 trillion student debt crisis-Our infrastructure is crumbling-Minimum wage hasn’t been raised in 10 years-40,000 people die from gun violence each year
Trump is living in a parallel universe. He is way out of touch with ordinary people. He must be defeated.
Donald Trump just launched his 2020 campaign. This is how we will beat him. 
If Trump’s campaign launch speech shows us anything, it’s that he’s afraid of our political revolution. He railed against Bernie, Medicare for All, and our movement, But we aren’t backing down. Chip in to send Trump a message that our movement is only growing stronger.
If Trump’s campaign launch speech shows us anything, it’s that he’s afraid of our political revolution. He railed against Bernie, Medicare for All, and our movement, But we aren’t backing down. Chip in to send Trump a message that our movement is only growing stronger.
If Trump’s campaign launch speech shows us anything, it’s that he’s afraid of our political revolution. He railed against Bernie, Medicare for All, and our movement, But we aren’t backing down. Chip in to send Trump a message that our movement is only growing stronger.
If Trump’s campaign launch speech shows us anything, it’s that he’s afraid of our political revolution. He railed against Bernie, Medicare for All, and our movement, But we aren’t backing down. Chip in to send Trump a message that our movement is only growing stronger.
If Trump’s campaign launch speech shows us anything, it’s that he’s afraid of our political revolution. He railed against Bernie, Medicare for All, and our movement, But we aren’t backing down. Chip in to send Trump a message that our movement is only growing stronger.
If Trump’s campaign launch speech shows us anything, it’s that he’s afraid of our political revolution. He railed against Bernie, Medicare for All, and our movement, But we aren’t backing down. Chip in to send Trump a message that our movement is only growing stronger.
If Trump’s campaign launch speech shows us anything, it’s that he’s afraid of our political revolution. He railed against Bernie, Medicare for All, and our movement, But we aren’t backing down. Chip in to send Trump a message that our movement is only growing stronger.
If Trump’s campaign launch speech shows us anything, it’s that he’s afraid of our political revolution. He railed against Bernie, Medicare for All, and our movement, But we aren’t backing down. Chip in to send Trump a message that our movement is only growing stronger.
If Trump’s campaign launch speech shows us anything, it’s that he’s afraid of our political revolution. He railed against Bernie, Medicare for All, and our movement, But we aren’t backing down. Chip in to send Trump a message that our movement is only growing stronger.
 TONIGHT: will deliver a live streamed response address immediately following Trump’s 2020 campaign launchL…
If you are looking for our best chance to defeat Donald Trump, then chip in to our campaign today. Bernie is the ONLY candidate to beat Trump in poll after poll, year after year.
If you are looking for our best chance to defeat Donald Trump, then chip in to our campaign today. Bernie is the ONLY candidate to beat Trump in poll after poll, year after year.
If you are looking for our best chance to defeat Donald Trump, then chip in to our campaign today. Bernie is the ONLY candidate to beat Trump in poll after poll, year after year.
If you are looking for our best chance to defeat Donald Trump, then chip in to our campaign today. Bernie is the ONLY candidate to beat Trump in poll after poll, year after year.
If you are looking for our best chance to defeat Donald Trump, then chip in to our campaign today. Bernie is the ONLY candidate to beat Trump in poll after poll, year after year.
If you are looking for our best chance to defeat Donald Trump, then chip in to our campaign today. Bernie is the ONLY candidate to beat Trump in poll after poll, year after year.
If you are looking for our best chance to defeat Donald Trump, then chip in to our campaign today. Bernie is the ONLY candidate to beat Trump in poll after poll, year after year.
If you are looking for our best chance to defeat Donald Trump, then chip in to our campaign today. Bernie is the ONLY candidate to beat Trump in poll after poll, year after year.
If you are looking for our best chance to defeat Donald Trump, then chip in to our campaign today. Bernie is the ONLY candidate to beat Trump in poll after poll, year after year.
Bernie 49%Trump 40%(Fox News Poll 6/9 - 6/12)Bernie 47%Trump 35%(Ipsos 6/10 - 6/11) Bernie 51%Trump 42%(Quinnipiac 6/6 - 6/10)Bernie beats Trump time and time again. Chip in to beat him AND transform our country.
It’s clear that Trump is terrified of Bernie. Why else would he use his campaign launch speech to rail against democratic socialism? But no one candidate can defeat Trump alone. It takes a movement. Chip in right now.
It’s clear that Trump is terrified of Bernie. Why else would he use his campaign launch speech to rail against democratic socialism? But no one candidate can defeat Trump alone. It takes a movement. Chip in right now.
It’s clear that Trump is terrified of Bernie. Why else would he use his campaign launch speech to rail against democratic socialism? But no one candidate can defeat Trump alone. It takes a movement. Chip in right now.
It’s clear that Trump is terrified of Bernie. Why else would he use his campaign launch speech to rail against democratic socialism? But no one candidate can defeat Trump alone. It takes a movement. Chip in right now.
It’s clear that Trump is terrified of Bernie. Why else would he use his campaign launch speech to rail against democratic socialism? But no one candidate can defeat Trump alone. It takes a movement. Chip in right now.
It’s clear that Trump is terrified of Bernie. Why else would he use his campaign launch speech to rail against democratic socialism? But no one candidate can defeat Trump alone. It takes a movement. Chip in right now.
It’s clear that Trump is terrified of Bernie. Why else would he use his campaign launch speech to rail against democratic socialism? But no one candidate can defeat Trump alone. It takes a movement. Chip in right now.
It’s clear that Trump is terrified of Bernie. Why else would he use his campaign launch speech to rail against democratic socialism? But no one candidate can defeat Trump alone. It takes a movement. Chip in right now.
It’s clear that Trump is terrified of Bernie. Why else would he use his campaign launch speech to rail against democratic socialism? But no one candidate can defeat Trump alone. It takes a movement. Chip in right now.
Bernie 49%Trump 40%(Fox News Poll 6/9 - 6/12)Bernie 47%Trump 35%(Ipsos 6/10 - 6/11) Bernie 51%Trump 42%(Quinnipiac 6/6 - 6/10)Bernie beats Trump time and time again. Chip in to beat him AND transform our country.
Bernie 49%Trump 40%(Fox News Poll 6/9 - 6/12)Bernie 47%Trump 35%(Ipsos 6/10 - 6/11) Bernie 51%Trump 42%(Quinnipiac 6/6 - 6/10)Bernie beats Trump time and time again. Chip in to beat him AND transform our country.
Bernie 49%Trump 40%(Fox News Poll 6/9 - 6/12)Bernie 47%Trump 35%(Ipsos 6/10 - 6/11) Bernie 51%Trump 42%(Quinnipiac 6/6 - 6/10)Bernie beats Trump time and time again. Chip in to beat him AND transform our country.
Bernie 49%Trump 40%(Fox News Poll 6/9 - 6/12)Bernie 47%Trump 35%(Ipsos 6/10 - 6/11) Bernie 51%Trump 42%(Quinnipiac 6/6 - 6/10)Bernie beats Trump time and time again. Chip in to beat him AND transform our country.
Bernie 49%Trump 40%(Fox News Poll 6/9 - 6/12)Bernie 47%Trump 35%(Ipsos 6/10 - 6/11) Bernie 51%Trump 42%(Quinnipiac 6/6 - 6/10)Bernie beats Trump time and time again. Chip in to beat him AND transform our country.
Bernie 49%Trump 40%(Fox News Poll 6/9 - 6/12)Bernie 47%Trump 35%(Ipsos 6/10 - 6/11) Bernie 51%Trump 42%(Quinnipiac 6/6 - 6/10)Bernie beats Trump time and time again. Chip in to beat him AND transform our country.
Bernie 49%Trump 40%(Fox News Poll 6/9 - 6/12)Bernie 47%Trump 35%(Ipsos 6/10 - 6/11) Bernie 51%Trump 42%(Quinnipiac 6/6 - 6/10)Bernie beats Trump time and time again. Chip in to beat him AND transform our country.
Bernie 49%Trump 40%(Fox News Poll 6/9 - 6/12)Bernie 47%Trump 35%(Ipsos 6/10 - 6/11) Bernie 51%Trump 42%(Quinnipiac 6/6 - 6/10)Bernie beats Trump time and time again. Chip in to beat him AND transform our country.
 The campaign announces the senator will be delivering a live response to Pres. Trump's reelection campaign…
Our campaign is the strongest campaign to defeat Trump in 2020. I will be giving a response to Trump tonight, immediately following his speech. Tune in live on social media. 
Let me make a prediction. When he begins his re-election campaign tonight, Trump won't mention that he tried to throw 32 million off health care, or that he proposed massive cuts to Medicare, Medicaid ; Social Security, or that he gave huge tax breaks to the top 1%. Just a guess.
I'm on Reddit right now answering your questions. Ask me anything!  
 RNC is highlighting how Trump supporters have organized “700 MAGA meet-ups.”That’s not small… but two months ago, there w…
Trump promised he would give a raise to the American people. He lied.You know how we could give 40 million people a raise?Increase the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour.
Join me for a Reddit AMA today at 4:15 pm ET on  I look forward to your questions! 
Congratulations New York and to the brave undocumented people who led the fight for the Green Light bill. We must bring our undocumented neighbors out of the shadows and allow them to participate openly in American society. 
There is no good reason not to make Election Day a national holiday.
 He is deeply committed to keeping his word. “Well do something about it.” 
Donald Trump is the most dangerous president in U.S. history. He is a racist, a sexist, a homophobe, a xenophobe and a religious bigot. He betrayed the working class to further enrich the wealthy.Our campaign is the best to defeat Trump because it is rooted in human solidarity. 
Trump's threat to deport "millions of illegal aliens" is outrageous. He is a demagogue and a bully who who seeks political gain by frightening and intimidating minorities who have limited political power. We will not allow him to succeed. 
 I got to witness the living condition of Pamela Rush and her children  when helping to film this piece. Too many people…
 Following the  yesterday, released his most powerful ad yet, lifting up the story of 
 "We have tens of millions of people in the richest country in the history of the world who are struggling every single day…
 Powerful. We must do better. 
 When you grow up poor in rural America it can feel like there is no way out. What we are fighting for on this campaign…
 These are the ways systemic poverty impacts human lives. Please watch this. 
 Pamela Rush has been a tireless activist building the  - while the PPC holds the 
 This is the most important video you’ll watch all year.  If you want to understand America today, you must look at the h…
Raw sewage drains into Pamela Rush's backyard. Her children are exposed to mold. She still owes $15,000 on her mobile home.Systemic injustices trap millions of people like Pamela in poverty. Our mission is to find them a way out. 
 Too often, workers in the entertainment industry are underpaid and overworked because they are so pa…
The video game industry made $43 billion in revenue last year. The workers responsible for that profit deserve to collectively bargain as part of a union. I'm glad to see unions like and the broader movement organizing such workers. 
 If your workplace is raided by remember:👉🏽You have the right to say that you want to speak to an attorney.👉🏽 Y…
This appalling footage is difficult to watch, but it is an all-too-common reality in black communities. This conduct from police is completely unacceptable and shows why it is imperative that we bring about major police department reform. 
On the fourth anniversary of the horrific mass murder in Charleston, SC, we must recommit to doing everything possible to end racism and bigotry in this country. 
America's veterinary hospitals should uplift the dignity and well-being of their workers. I call on to listen to the needs of its employees in CA and settle a strong and fair contract with the  
Our movement is about people exercising their power. That's what Bernie barnstorms are for—and our first New Hampshire barnstorms are firing up this Thursday.Find a barnstorm or organizing event near you at  
Mitch McConnell thinks that allowing the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico to become states is “socialism.” Well, that’s another reason why I’m a proud Democratic Socialist. 
Let us fight for decency, compassion and human rights. And when we heed that call we will create an America based on the principles of justice that protects civil rights for all people.
The massacre of congregants in their house of worship in Charleston was a reminder that for all of the progress made in recent years, our basic freedoms remain under attack in this country—and so often, the victims are people of color.
On the fourth anniversary of the attack on the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, we mourn the victims of this horrific killing—and we recommit ourselves to the fight against racism and all forms of bigotry.
The top 1% increased its net worth by $21 trillion from 1989-2018.The bottom 50% lost $900 billion.The fact is that our economy today is built for the rich to get richer and the poor to get poorer.
The fact that the United States continues to arrest hundreds of thousands of black and brown Americans every year for possession of marijuana, while wealthy investors on Wall Street make huge profits off of it, is completely outrageous.
 We’re gearing up to fight for transformational change in Iowa with Here’s a snapshot of our weekend! 
I completely agree — and our grassroots campaign is fighting for that transformational change every single day. 
Our grandchildren will look back with shame on members of the Republican Party who ignored scientists and denied the crisis of climate change to protect fossil fuel profits.
This is why we fight for Medicare for All.As long as we have a profit-driven health care system, there will be fathers like Scott who lose their children to the greed of insurance companies.We will end this disgrace and make health care a right. 
Today marks the longest stretch in U.S. history that there has been no minimum wage increase—3,614 days.I’ve been criticized for this so let me say it again: the federal minimum wage of $7.25/hr is a STARVATION wage. Every worker deserves a living wage of at least $15 an hour.
We have the best campaign to defeat Donald Trump. When we are in the White House we will fight for the working people of this country and take back power from the billionaire class. 
My father traveled across an ocean to come to this country from Poland at the age of 17, without a nickel in his pocket, to escape poverty and persecution. That took unbelievable courage, and he became the proudest American you ever saw.  
Seven years ago President Obama announced the DACA program. I am inspired by Dreamers and the movement they built for immigration justice. This is a promise: As president, I will provide immediate legal status for Dreamers.
 On this 7th anniversary of  I’m reflecting on how the bravery of those undocumented youth that made it happen is what…
For over 30 years, janitors across the nation have joined together as part of and have won better pay and working conditions. I stand with them and workers everywhere today on National Justice for Janitors Day. 
Republicans want to suppress votes and gerrymander districts because they can't win on their ideas. That is cowardice.We have a better idea: make it easier for all people to vote, run for office and get involved in politics. That is democracy.
If you are 18 or older you should be automatically registered to vote.
This campaign is about getting millions of people involved in the political process and we are just getting started. 
Thank you for what you and other young leaders are doing to get people engaged in the political process. When young people get involved, we win. 
It's time for a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights because there is no freedom without economic freedom. 
The Corporate Socialist president just opposes anything that helps all the people. 
Before I take the debate stage on June 27, I want to hear from you – what issues do you want me to cover during the debate? Take our debate survey to say which issues are important to you.
Time is running out before the first presidential debate, and Bernie needs to hear from you before he takes the stage. Can you take two minutes to complete our quick survey to say which issues you want covered during the debate?
Not surprisingly, Donald Trump is lying again. No. He has not "called on Congress to bring down the cost of health care and prescription drugs." What he did do was ask Congress to throw 32 million Americans off the health care they have. 
We must reject the idea that human lives are a commodity. Health care is not a luxury. It is a human right.
I am very proud that 25,000 Iowans have already signed up to volunteer for our campaign. This weekend, we're hosting our first Iowa barnstorms to tap into our grassroots power.Find an organizing event near you at  
I stand with advocates in New York who are demanding we aggressively transition our energy system away from fossil fuels. We must do everything we can to protect the communities that are most vulnerable to the impacts of climate change. 
Are you free if you can't afford to see a doctor? Are you free if you must work 80 hours a week to buy food? Are you free if you can't pay for insulin you need to survive?There is no freedom without economic freedom. 
Before I take the debate stage on June 27, I want to hear from you – what issues do you want me to cover during the debate? Take our debate survey to say which issues are important to you.
Before I take the debate stage on June 27, I want to hear from you – what issues do you want me to cover during the debate? Take our debate survey to say which issues are important to you.
Before I take the debate stage on June 27, I want to hear from you – what issues do you want me to cover during the debate? Take our debate survey to say which issues are important to you.
Before I take the debate stage on June 27, I want to hear from you – what issues do you want me to cover during the debate? Take our debate survey to say which issues are important to you.
It's time for a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights:- The right to a decent job with a living wage- The right to quality health care- The right to a complete education- The right to affordable housing- The right to a clean environment- The right to a secure retirement
Time is running out before the first presidential debate, and Bernie needs to hear from you before he takes the stage. Can you take two minutes to complete our quick survey to say which issues you want covered during the debate?
Time is running out before the first presidential debate, and Bernie needs to hear from you before he takes the stage. Can you take two minutes to complete our quick survey to say which issues you want covered during the debate?
Last night, the workers at Sunset Station Hotel ; Casino overwhelmingly stood together to demand fair wages, fair benefits and fair treatment on the job. I congratulate these workers and on another hard-earned victory for workers' rights. 
Time is running out before the first presidential debate, and Bernie needs to hear from you before he takes the stage. Can you take two minutes to complete our quick survey to say which issues you want covered during the debate?
Time is running out before the first presidential debate, and Bernie needs to hear from you before he takes the stage. Can you take two minutes to complete our quick survey to say which issues you want covered during the debate?
We will not truly be free until we take on the tyranny of oligarchs, multinational corporations, Wall Street banks and billionaires. 
If young people voted at the same levels as older people, they could transform this country.
When I speak to young immigrants, I see in their faces my own father. He came here at 17, with no money and knowing no English. I know if he arrived here today, he would have likely been demonized by the Trump administration. 
We have a president who neither understands nor respects the constitution of the United States, and he thinks the law does not apply to him.No president is above the law, including this president — it is time for the House to begin impeachment inquiries. 
Even this Fox News anchor agrees: we have socialism in America, but only for the rich and powerful corporations. 
 The biggest thing you can know these days - is who you are standing with and why -  I’m proud to stand with
 While folks are "laughing" at democratic socialism, people are dying from unfettered capitalism. "Call it democracy, or…
Every day we move closer to oligarchy.That is why there is  when it comes to standing up to the billionaire class.We need a mass movement of working people to stop the shift of wealth to the 1%. 
 I’m thrilled to endorse for President.Throughout his entire political career, Senator Sanders has been…
 I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again, is the best person to move our city and country forward. Proud to…
 Economic agency must become an inalienable right for every one. has the vision ; plan to lead us there. For t…
I am proud to have these progressive champions supporting our campaign. Thank you and for all you do fighting for working-class New Yorkers and for lending your power to our movement. 
While many public schools lack the resources to adequately educate our kids, we spend $80 billion a year locking up some 2.2 million people.Imagine what we could accomplish if we invested in jobs and education instead of jails and incarceration.
 TONIGHT: joins on All In at 8pm ET.  
  announces New York endorsements: City Councilman Rafael Espinal; state Sens. Julia Salazar and James Sand…
All working people have a right to form a union in a fast and fair process. I am proud to support downtown Detroit security officers, who are committed to doing whatever it takes to win union rights and at least $15 an hour.  
My response to Gov. Hickenlooper: 
 I don't need to convince young people about why we need a political revolution. Looking forward to joining 
 Today at 7pm ET I'll talk about why I'm ready for the political revolution and all in for Register to…
 When big corporations and fossil fuel companies get giant subsidies from the government, that’s socialism. 
 Thousands of NJ teachers ;public workers stand together to demand millionaires pay their fair share. Fair budgets shoul…
We will not stop fighting until every worker at is paid at least $15 an hour. 
We have a president who thinks he is above the law. The House should immediately begin impeachment inquiries. 
Unacceptable. Every teacher in America deserves to make a salary of at least $60,000 a year. I stand with unions like and and the teachers they represent.
Trump loves socialism... for billionaires and massive corporations. 
Our Bill of Rights guarantees political and civil rights. Now, we must take the next step forward and guarantee every person basic economic rights – from quality health care to a good job to a clean environment. Add your name to our 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights today.
Our Bill of Rights guarantees political and civil rights. Now, we must take the next step forward and guarantee every person basic economic rights – from quality health care to a good job to a clean environment. Add your name to our 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights today.
Individual freedom cannot exist without economic freedom. That’s why I’m fighting to guarantee every American a good job, quality health care and education, affordable housing, and a clean environment. Add your name if you agree these should be rights all Americans enjoy.
Individual freedom cannot exist without economic freedom. That’s why I’m fighting to guarantee every American a good job, quality health care and education, affordable housing, and a clean environment. Add your name if you agree these should be rights all Americans enjoy.
In 1944, FDR proposed an economic bill of rights but died before he was able to fulfill that vision. Our job is to complete what FDR started. Add your name if you agree it’s time for a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights in this country.
In 1944, FDR proposed an economic bill of rights but died before he was able to fulfill that vision. Our job is to complete what FDR started. Add your name if you agree it’s time for a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights in this country.
Trump and his fellow oligarchs may attack us for our support of democratic socialism, but they absolutely love corporate socialism that enriches billionaires. Add your name if you support democratic socialism that works for the working families and not the wealthy and powerful.
Trump and his fellow oligarchs may attack us for our support of democratic socialism, but they absolutely love corporate socialism that enriches billionaires. Add your name if you support democratic socialism that works for the working families and not the wealthy and powerful.
Our Bill of Rights guarantees political and civil rights. Now, we must take the next step forward and guarantee every person basic economic rights – from quality health care to a good job to a clean environment. Add your name to our 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights today.
Our Bill of Rights guarantees political and civil rights. Now, we must take the next step forward and guarantee every person basic economic rights – from quality health care to a good job to a clean environment. Add your name to our 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights today.
Our Bill of Rights guarantees political and civil rights. Now, we must take the next step forward and guarantee every person basic economic rights – from quality health care to a good job to a clean environment. Add your name to our 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights today.
Our Bill of Rights guarantees political and civil rights. Now, we must take the next step forward and guarantee every person basic economic rights – from quality health care to a good job to a clean environment. Add your name to our 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights today.
Our Bill of Rights guarantees political and civil rights. Now, we must take the next step forward and guarantee every person basic economic rights – from quality health care to a good job to a clean environment. Add your name to our 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights today.
Our Bill of Rights guarantees political and civil rights. Now, we must take the next step forward and guarantee every person basic economic rights – from quality health care to a good job to a clean environment. Add your name to our 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights today.
TOMORROW: Join an organizing call with Senator and to start building for our movement to defeat Donald Trump and transform the country! Register here:  
Individual freedom cannot exist without economic freedom. That’s why I’m fighting to guarantee every American a good job, quality health care and education, affordable housing, and a clean environment. Add your name if you agree these should be rights all Americans enjoy.
Individual freedom cannot exist without economic freedom. That’s why I’m fighting to guarantee every American a good job, quality health care and education, affordable housing, and a clean environment. Add your name if you agree these should be rights all Americans enjoy.
Individual freedom cannot exist without economic freedom. That’s why I’m fighting to guarantee every American a good job, quality health care and education, affordable housing, and a clean environment. Add your name if you agree these should be rights all Americans enjoy.
Individual freedom cannot exist without economic freedom. That’s why I’m fighting to guarantee every American a good job, quality health care and education, affordable housing, and a clean environment. Add your name if you agree these should be rights all Americans enjoy.
Individual freedom cannot exist without economic freedom. That’s why I’m fighting to guarantee every American a good job, quality health care and education, affordable housing, and a clean environment. Add your name if you agree these should be rights all Americans enjoy.
Individual freedom cannot exist without economic freedom. That’s why I’m fighting to guarantee every American a good job, quality health care and education, affordable housing, and a clean environment. Add your name if you agree these should be rights all Americans enjoy.
Trump and his fellow oligarchs may attack us for our support of democratic socialism, but they absolutely love corporate socialism that enriches billionaires. Add your name if you support democratic socialism that works for the working families and not the wealthy and powerful.
Trump and his fellow oligarchs may attack us for our support of democratic socialism, but they absolutely love corporate socialism that enriches billionaires. Add your name if you support democratic socialism that works for the working families and not the wealthy and powerful.
In 1944, FDR proposed an economic bill of rights but died before he was able to fulfill that vision. Our job is to complete what FDR started. Add your name if you agree it’s time for a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights in this country.
In 1944 FDR proposed an economic bill of rights but died before he was able to fulfill that vision. Our job is to complete what FDR started. Add your name if you agree it’s time for a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights in this country.
Democratic socialism means we should guarantee that no American dies because an insurance company denied them medical care.My opponents are free to disagree with me — let's have this debate. But this is not a laughing matter. 
Walmart workers produce billions in profit for their employer, yet they make starvation wages — and they're not alone and Dr. join this week's  to discuss the right-wing assault on worker rights and how we fight back ➡️  
 TONIGHT: Democratic 2020 contender Sen. Bernie Sanders faces questions from Watch 8p ET on 
 This is the speech I’ve been waiting to hear all my life. Thank you for standing up for economic equality f…
There is no freedom without economic freedom.  
At the end of the day, the 1 percent may have enormous wealth and power, but they are just the 1 percent. When the 99 percent stand together, we can transform society. These are my values, and that is why I call myself a democratic socialist.  
 "When Trump screams socialism, all of his hypocrisy will not be lost on the American people," naming Trump…
 At GW, “Democratic Socialism means to me requiring and achieving political and economic freedom in every c…
 We need a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights:- The right to health care- The right to education- The right to a goo…
  lays out his " 21st century economic Bill of Rights:"- A decent job that pays a living wage- Quality hea…
In 1944, FDR proposed an economic bill of rights but died a year later and was never able to fulfill that vision. Our job, 75 years later, is to complete what Roosevelt started.That is why today, I am proposing a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights.  
 La diferencia entre Trump y es que el Presidente cree en el Socialismo para las corporacíones y el Senad…
Here is the difference between Donald Trump and me. He believes in corporate socialism for the rich and powerful.  I believe in a  that works for the working families of this country.
 Economic rights are human rights.  
Donald Trump hates  because it benefits working people, but he loves corporate socialism that enriches billionaires.
“Socialism is the epithet they have hurled at every advance the people have made in the last 20 years... Socialism is their name for almost anything that helps all the people.” –Harry Truman 
We must recognize that in the 21st century, in the wealthiest country in the history of the world, economic rights are human rights. That is what I mean by  
 "This is a president who supports breaking up families, building a border wall. It is of my belief that the United State…
We must guarantee every man, woman and child in our country basic economic rights:-Quality health care-A good education-A good job that pays a living wage-Affordable housing-A secure retirement-A clean environment.
  y el  es vilificado simplemente por su intencíon de protejer el pobre y marg…
It is my very strong belief that the United States must reject the path of hatred and divisiveness—and instead find the moral conviction to choose a different path, a higher path. A path of compassion, justice and love.It is that path that I call  
 EN VIVO:  hablando sobre el cambio que necesita nuestro país. Necesitamos oportunidad y respecto para todos,…
  receives an ovation from supporters in DC at a speech on Democratic Socialism as he quotes FDR:"Never bef…
We can never forget that FDR, whose New Deal initiatives are considered pillars of American society today, was reviled by the oligarchs of his time who berated these extremely popular programs as “socialism.” 
 “Capitalism is not just an academic debate. The rich get richer and live longer. The poor and the working class have a declin…
Trump and his fellow oligarchs may attack us for our support of democratic socialism, but they absolutely love corporate socialism that enriches billionaires. Add your name if you support democratic socialism that works for the working families and not the wealthy and powerful.
Trump and his fellow oligarchs may attack us for our support of democratic socialism, but they absolutely love corporate socialism that enriches billionaires. Add your name if you support democratic socialism that works for the working families and not the wealthy and powerful.
Trump and his fellow oligarchs may attack us for our support of democratic socialism, but they absolutely love corporate socialism that enriches billionaires. Add your name if you support democratic socialism that works for the working families and not the wealthy and powerful.
Trump and his fellow oligarchs may attack us for our support of democratic socialism, but they absolutely love corporate socialism that enriches billionaires. Add your name if you support democratic socialism that works for the working families and not the wealthy and powerful.
 Here’s what  looks like in action: - Medicare (; Medicare for All)- Free public college- The…
  means people over corporations. It means the future of our planet over fossil fuel profits. It mean…
In 1944, FDR proposed an economic bill of rights but died before he was able to fulfill that vision. Our job is to complete what FDR started. Add your name if you agree it’s time for a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights in this country.
In 1944, FDR proposed an economic bill of rights but died before he was able to fulfill that vision. Our job is to complete what FDR started. Add your name if you agree it’s time for a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights in this country.
In 1944, FDR proposed an economic bill of rights but died before he was able to fulfill that vision. Our job is to complete what FDR started. Add your name if you agree it’s time for a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights in this country.
In 1944, FDR proposed an economic bill of rights but died before he was able to fulfill that vision. Our job is to complete what FDR started. Add your name if you agree it’s time for a 21st Century Economic Bill of Rights in this country.
 "When we talk about oligarchy, it is not just that the very rich are getting much richer. It's that tens of millions of wor…
If there was ever a moment when we needed a new vision to bring our people together in the fight for justice, decency and human dignity, this is that time. 
HAPPENING NOW: Bernie delivers a major speech on  
 Tune in today at 2 pm ET for a speech you won't hear any other candidate give: 
 The speech we‘ve all been waiting for -⬇️Bernie Sanders: ‘We Have to Talk About Democratic Socialism as an Alternative to…
We remember the 49 lives lost to senseless gun violence and hate at the  nightclub in Orlando three years ago today. We must finally pass commonsense gun safety legislation, and continue the fight against hatred and bigotry in all its forms.
 Bernie will deliver a major speech on how democratic socialism is the only way to defeat the global rise of oligarchy and a…
I didn't hear Jamie Dimon criticizing socialism when Wall Street begged for the largest federal bailout in American history—some $700 billion from the Treasury and even more from the Fed. 
 🚨Today at 2pm EST will reintroduce  to the United States. Watch live. It’s a big deal.…
75 years after FDR proposed an economic bill of rights, we must take up the unfinished business of the New Deal and carry it to completion.Watch my speech at 2 pm ET:   
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. said, “Call it democracy, or call it democratic socialism, but there must be a better distribution of wealth within this country for all of God's children.”At 2 pm ET today I will speak on what democratic socialism means to me:  
 TODAY- in major speech in DC will not duck away Democratic Socialism. Instead he plans to lean in to the poli…
 Morning! Today Sen. is expected to make the case that all Americans should be guaranteed certain economic…
Our laws as a society should work to end discrimination, not enable it. This bill passed by the Puerto Rico House of Representatives would put LGBTQ Puerto Ricans at risk of discrimination. It must not become law. 
All workers benefit when the union movement grows. As someone born and raised in Brooklyn, I would be proud to see the dedicated employees of the Brooklyn Academy of Music unionize this week. I stand in full solidarity with  fighting for  
You’ve got 18 months left. 
The Kochs are ready to spend their obscene wealth supporting certain Democratic candidates in contested primaries.Make a contribution to our campaign as a way of saying there is NO WAY we'll let the Kochs start buying up candidates and the 2020 campaign: 
We must recognize that in the 21st century, in the wealthiest country in the history of the world, economic rights are human rights. This is what I mean by democratic socialism.Tune in tomorrow at 2 pm ET to my speech on democratic socialism:
Politicians must make it clear which side they are on: are they with workers or wealthy CEOs? I call on New Jersey legislators to side with workers and reject pension and health care cuts. I stand with and 
 I really do love how Sanders truly sees his campaign as part of a broader movement. No other candidate really gets the imp…
This is a massive win for the working people of Nevada. Thank you to and other unions who supported this fight. And thank you to for signing such an important bill. When unions win, we all win. 
Jordan dropped out of Morehouse College due to student loans.Two years later, he watched a billionaire pay off his graduating class's debt.We have a $1.5 trillion student debt crisis and we cannot wait for the generosity of billionaires to solve it. 
Today is a great day for Vermont, which is taking serious action to counter the wave of extremist attacks on abortion rights. We will keep fighting in every state to defend a woman's right to choose. 
 Thank you, Senator for standing with us and for signing the Fair Districts Pledge! Gerrymandering and ma…
The Koch Brothers are preparing to try to buy the Democratic Party and buy the 2020 election. We cannot let them. The only way we will stop them is to build a grassroots progressive campaign that rejects their right-wing ideology.
Winning this election will take a massive movement of tens of thousands of people working together. Join Senator and to start organizing for our movement to defeat Donald Trump and transform the country! Register here:  
I’m proud to take pledge to support fair districts and end manipulation. If we are going to have a vibrant democracy we must end gerrymandering and all forms of voter suppression. 
We are not going to allow Trump to demonize Arab-Americans and Muslims. We are going to bring people together into a powerful coalition that will defeat him and transform the country. 
 When my oldest kids were young, I relied on free lunch as I struggled as a single mother. Many times it was their health…
 ⬇️💯  The only way we win is with a Democratic Party that, from the top of the ticket to the bottom, is pr…
 In new series “My  Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders explains what separates him from the vast field…
We have a president who is a homophobe. We will defeat Trump and fight to end all forms of discrimination. 
“School lunch debt” should not exist in the wealthiest country in the history of the world.When we are in the White House, we are going to provide year-round, free universal school meals. 
In America people are being driven to robbery in order to buy the medication they need.Meanwhile, the top 7 pharmaceutical companies made $50 billion in profits last year.Half measures won't suffice. The greed of the pharmaceutical industry must end. 
 TONIGHT: Bernie Sanders pitches his  the start of new series where he'll i…
The only way we win is with a Democratic Party that, from the top of the ticket to the bottom, is prepared to stand up and fight for the working families of this country.  
56 years ago today, President Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act to prevent wage discrimination against women — a struggle we are still fighting in 2019.It is time to finally ensure pay equity for women workers. Equal pay for equal work isn't radical. It's basic justice.
Demagogues in America and around the world are exploiting people's fears and grievances to achieve power.To defeat right-wing authoritarianism, we need a progressive movement to bring our people together and ensure dignity for all. 
I applaud the who fought to achieve this positive step. These nurses deserve to have their voices heard as part of a union, and I strongly encourage to cease any further intimidation tactics against these dedicated RNs. 
 Yes! ⬇️ 
Today we celebrate the rich culture and history of the Puerto Rican people. For too long, Puerto Ricans have been treated like second class citizens in America. As a nation that is something we are going to change. 
This is the wealthiest country in the world. Americans need to be confident they have clean drinking water. Period. When we are in the White House we will pass the WATER Act to overhaul our nation's water infrastructure. 
A few years ago we were told a $15 minimum wage was "unrealistic."Then California and New York passed a $15 minimum wage. Then so did Massachusetts, New Jersey, Illinois, Maryland and Connecticut.Imagine what we'll be able to accomplish when we're in the White House.
We're in Dubuque, Iowa, to say to Donald Trump: We will not let you divide us up. We will stand together and transform this country. 
Some candidates believe the best way forward is a "middle ground" strategy that stands up to nobody and changes nothing.That approach isn't just bad policy, it's a failed strategy that could reelect Trump.Americans want real change, and we have got to provide that change.
If Amazon and Disney can pay its workers at least $15 an hour, so can
 Bernie Sanders leads a solidarity march through Cedar Rapids ahead of today’s Iowa Hall of Fame dinner. 
 “The fight at McDonald’s is the fight for millions of working people,” says, speaking into a megaphone after…
  with STRIKING workers in Iowa - "Let's continue to go forward together, fight for your union, an…
  with workers ON STRIKE in Iowa, "because of you and the trade union movement, 7 states have pass…
  workers in Cedar Rapids, IA are going ON STRIKE today, joined by to demand $15/hour and union ri…
If McDonald’s has enough money to buy back $22 billion of its own stock, it damn well has enough money to pay all its workers at least $15 an hour. I'm proud to stand with striking McDonald's workers in the fight for $15 and a union. 
My message to every young person in America: You are far more powerful than the establishment allows you to think you are.
In the last 40 years, corporations have squeezed everything they can out of workers while giving massive compensation to those on top. The result: half of Americans have virtually no wealth and live paycheck to paycheck.We’re going to create an economy that works for all.
 Hello Waterloo, IA thanks for coming out for 
We're in Waterloo, Iowa. Join our town hall: 
 “Hopefully he will be the new president and this racism that has awoken lately by this government will end....he is prop…
 made $6 billion in profits last year and paid its CEO $22 million in compensation. It is not a poor company. It damn well can pay all its employees a living wage of $15 an hour.
Donald Trump wants to cut Medicare. We have a different idea. We are going to improve Medicare and guarantee health care for all. Join our town hall in Marshalltown, Iowa. 
Equal rights for LGBTQ Americans are under attack from the Trump administration. Today we come together to declare that this is completely unacceptable -- we should be expanding efforts to protect equal rights, not rolling them back. 
 Bernie is right on charter schools 
We've got to start valuing teachers in America for the essential work they do, and that means paying a starting salary of at least $60,000 a year. 
I'm back in Cedar Rapids, taking questions on Listen in and join our campaign:  
New Hampshire took just took a major step by becoming the 21st state to abolish the death penalty. It is time to end the death penalty in every state in America, as part of a wholesale reform of our entire criminal justice system. 
 Bernie Sanders joins striking McDonald's workers in Cedar Rapids 
"We have an opportunity with Senator Bernie Sanders to create a democracy that respects a person for simply being human."We will not allow Trump to continue to demonize Latinos and immigrants. We will defeat him and create a nation for all. 
In America today, one in every six kids goes hungry. Kids should not be dealing with "lunch debt." As president, I will fight to provide year-round, free universal school meals to all our kids. 
El socialismo democrático significa democracia. Significa asegurarse de que todos puedan vivir con dignidad en el país más rico del mundo. Y significa crear un gobierno que nos represente a todos, no solo a las personas más ricas de los Estados Unidos. 
 EXCLUSIVE: joins  LIVE this Sunday. Tune in! 
The Trump administration is rolling back 83 rules protecting our planet:22 on air pollution ; emissions18 on drilling ; extraction13 on infrastructure10 on animals5 on toxic substances7 on water pollution8 other onesWe will put people's health over polluters' profits.
 Martha has been on the frontlines of the fight for justice on the job for low-wage and retail workers in LA for years. S…
There is no justice when the owners of Walmart are worth $175 billion while their employees are unable to afford rent or put food on the table. 
A company owned by the richest family in America shouldn't have workers living in poverty.That is why I went directly to owners to demand they pay a living wage. We will not stop fighting until that is a reality for every worker in America. 
Politicians talk about Medicare for All as though it were a luxury the United States cannot afford.These same politicians have no problem spending trillions of dollars on endless war and tax breaks for billionaires. Health care isn’t a luxury. It’s a human right.
 WATCH: showed up to Walmart's shareholder meeting to take the company to task over paying employees what he call…
Our campaign doesn’t have a finance committee. Instead, there are hundreds of thousands of supporters who are contributing to power our movement across the country. Can you chip in today and help us stay on track to win?  
"We were making the President of the United States make an executive action [on DACA]. That's how powerful we were."   9 of  is about immigration justice: how far we've come, and where we go from here. Subscribe now at  
65 years after Brown v Board of Education, our nation’s schools are being battered by budget cuts, privatization schemes and resegregation.My Thurgood Marshall Plan for Quality Public Education for All aims to reverse that devastating trend. 
Teachers are doing some of the most important work in the country. They deserve pay and benefits which reflect that. Solidarity with teachers fighting for fair pay and a better future for our kids. 
Our economy is rigged.The Waltons of own $175 BILLION while their workers are paid poverty wages.No family should own more wealth than the bottom 40% of Americans. This is why we fight for a just economy. 
Congratulations to on winning their 20th new worker organizing drive. If we are going to rebuild the middle class in America, we have no choice but to strengthen and grow the trade union movement. 
If every other major country on Earth can make health care a right for all, there is no reason that the United States of America—the richest country in the history of the world—cannot do the same.
I stand in solidarity with  fighting for a fair contract. 
 A new poll shows with a commanding lead over in Michigan!    h…
 We're excited to announce that Senator will be joining workers taking action this Sunday in Iowa…
The payday loan industry collects over $4.1 billion in fees a year. The bail bond industry makes $2 billion a year preying on the poor.In a decent society, neither of these industries should exist. We will end predatory lending and cash bail.
If we believe that a woman has the constitutional right to control her own body, that right must apply to ALL women, including low-income women. That is why I have consistently voted against the Hyde Amendment and why, as president, I would eliminate it.
 We're excited to sit down w/ on June 7 in Cedar Rapids! Interested in joining us for this FREE event? Get yo…
 New from announces his first round of endorsements from well-known Iowa progressive leaders…
  adds another black SC lawmaker to his list of South Carolina endorsements. State Rep. Leon Howard, D-R…
75 years ago, American and Allied troops landed on the beaches of Normandy to liberate Nazi-occupied Europe from Hitler's tyranny. Today we honor their bravery and sacrifice which changed the course of the world. 
Abortion is a constitutional right. Sign my petition and tell Congress to repeal the Hyde amendment and protect women’s right to make their own health care decisions.
Abortion is a constitutional right. Sign my petition and tell Congress to repeal the Hyde amendment and protect women’s right to make her own health care decisions.
Abortion is a constitutional right. Sign my petition and tell Congress to repeal the Hyde amendment and protect women’s right to make their own health care decisions.
Abortion is a constitutional right. Sign my petition and tell Congress to repeal the Hyde amendment and protect women’s right to make their own health care decisions.
I have always believed that it is a woman who has the right to control her own body and future, not the government. 
No one who works for the wealthiest family in America should live in poverty. Add your name if you agree. 
Interest rates must be capped at 15%.These 55 scholars, economists and members of the business community agree. 
 When companies like Walmart pay low wages to their employees, they pass the cost of benefits to taxpayers. The STOP Walmart…
When we are in the White House, we aren’t going to invite payday lenders to a country club like Trump. We are going to end their predatory lending. 
 What questions do you have for Senator We'll be interviewing him live on the podcast on Friday at Coe Colle…
To my mind, there is no idea bigger, more critical, or more urgent than ending our endless wars. 
 Trump talks about helping American workers in speeches. delivers.Today he went to the Walmart shareholders m…
 55 signatories just came out in favor of ; my joint call to cap ALL interest at 15%.Supporters include the fmr C…
We are the strongest campaign to defeat Trump, not only in Michigan but in other battleground states. Trump will not be defeated unless Democrats run a campaign of energy, excitement and a large voter turnout. We are that campaign. 
In 2017, four of the Waltons made $12.7 billion in one day.To make as much as the Waltons did in that one day, it would take a worker working “full-time” at $11 an hour more than 257,000 YEARS.This is why we demand an end to their greed. 
 Fresh off his remarks at today's Walmart shareholders' meeting, campaign announces he'll march with McDonal…
 Bernie just told the Waltons to end their greed inside the Walmart shareholders meeting and then held a rally with worker…
Walmart spent $8.3 billion on stock buybacks to enrich its shareholders in 2017.That’s enough money to increase wages from $11 to $15 an hour for nearly 1 million workers.Here’s how we end this greed: Give workers representation on Walmart’s corporate board. 
We're demanding that the Waltons:✅ Respect workers' right to form a union✅ Pay a living wage of $15/hr✅ Guarantee 7 days paid sick leave✅ Give hourly workers a seat on the boardThese are the bare minimum to ensure dignity for workers. 
 📢We📢are 📢building📢 a📢 workers'📢movement📢The Walton's are the richest family in America, it is time for them to pay their W…
  holding an impromptu rally with Walmart workers outside the shareholders meeting. This is what a workers'…
The Waltons of are the richest family in America, worth $171 billion. They own more wealth than the bottom 40% of Americans.Since 1982, the Walton family has seen its net worth increase by about 10,000%.They must pay their workers a living wage. 
 holding an impromptu rally outside of the Walmart stockholders meeting in the parking lot! This is grassroot…
Today at the Walmart shareholders meeting I spoke on behalf of workers who are proposing to give hourly workers a seat on the board Treat workers with dignity and respect, not with disdain and contempt.  
 After he talks to the shareholder meeting, goes outside to talk the the workers.  
Today, I say to the Walton family of with all due respect:Pay your workers a living wage.Give your hourly workers a seat at the table.Give part-time workers the chance to work full-time.And stop blocking them from joining a union.
 “American families are sick ; tired of financing greed....” - on behalf of workers at the sharehold…
I just left the Walmart stockholders meeting where I demanded that put hourly employees on their board of directors. We won't stop fighting until every worker makes at least $15 an hour.  
 HAPPENING NOW: speaking at the annual shareholders meeting in Arkansas, to introduce a proposal to bo…
I'm at the shareholders meeting to send a message to the company: pay a living wage. Give hourly workers a seat on your board. Treat people with dignity.  
There is  on women’s rights. Abortion is a constitutional right. Under my Medicare for All plan, we will repeal the Hyde Amendment.
I just asked the Waltons to give Walmart workers a living wage and a seat on the company’s board of directors. But to hold them accountable, we need as many supporters as possible giving their voice in solidarity with Walmart workers. Will you add your name?
It’s not a radical idea that the wealthiest family in America should pay its workers a living wage with good benefits. That’s why I just told the Waltons it's time to pay Walmart workers $15/hour and give them representation on its board of directors. Add your name if you agree.
I just went to the Walmart shareholders meeting in Arkansas to stand with workers and demand that hourly Walmart employees have a seat on Walmart’s board of directors, so they can make their voices heard. Add your name if you agree.
 "We should have the power to decide what happens at the company many of us have given our working lives to.”Carolyn ‘Cat’…
 Elizabeth English has works for Walmart for 13 years – even as she runs an entire department in her store, she still needs…
I just asked the Waltons to give Walmart workers a living wage and a seat on the company’s board of directors. But to hold them accountable, we need as many supporters as possible giving their voice in solidarity with Walmart workers. Will you add your name?
It’s not a radical idea that the wealthiest family in America should pay its workers a living wage with good benefits. That’s why I just told the Waltons it's time to pay Walmart workers $15/hour and give them representation on its board of directors. Add your name if you agree
I just went to the Walmart shareholders meeting in Arkansas to stand with workers and demand that hourly Walmart employees have a seat on Walmart’s board of directors, so they can make their voices heard. Add your name if you agree.
I just asked the Waltons to give Walmart workers a living wage and a seat on the company’s board of directors. But to hold them accountable, we need as many supporters as possible giving their voice in solidarity with Walmart workers. Will you add your name?
It’s not a radical idea that the wealthiest family in America should pay its workers a living wage with good benefits. That’s why I just told the Waltons it's time to pay Walmart workers $15/hour and give them representation on its board of directors. Add your name if you agree.
I just went to the Walmart shareholders meeting in Arkansas to stand with workers and demand that hourly Walmart employees have a seat on Walmart’s board of directors, so they can make their voices heard. Add your name if you agree.
I just asked the Waltons to give Walmart workers a living wage and a seat on the company’s board of directors. But to hold them accountable, we need as many supporters as possible giving their voice in solidarity with Walmart workers. Will you add your name?
It’s not a radical idea that the wealthiest family in America should pay its workers a living wage with good benefits. That’s why I just told the Waltons it's time to pay Walmart workers $15/hour and give them representation on its board of directors. Add your name if you agree.
I just went to the Walmart shareholders meeting in Arkansas to stand with workers and demand that hourly Walmart employees have a seat on Walmart’s board of directors, so they can make their voices heard. Add your name if you agree.
I just asked the Waltons to give Walmart workers a living wage and a seat on the company’s board of directors. But to hold them accountable, we need as many supporters as possible giving their voice in solidarity with Walmart workers. Will you add your name?
It’s not a radical idea that the wealthiest family in America should pay its workers a living wage with good benefits. That’s why I just told the Waltons it's time to pay Walmart workers $15/hour and give them representation on its board of directors. Add your name if you agree.
We're in the car heading to the Walmart shareholders' meeting. We are going to demand that the owners of Walmart pay their workers a living wage and give hourly workers seats on the board.  
I just went to the Walmart shareholders meeting in Arkansas to stand with workers and demand that hourly Walmart employees have a seat on Walmart’s board of directors, so they can make their voices heard. Add your name if you agree.
I just asked the Waltons to give Walmart workers a living wage and a seat on the company’s board of directors. But to hold them accountable, we need as many supporters as possible giving their voice in solidarity with Walmart workers. Will you add your name?
It’s not a radical idea that the wealthiest family in America should pay its workers a living wage with good benefits. That’s why I just told the Waltons it's time to pay Walmart workers $15/hour and give them representation on its board of directors. Add your name if you agree.
 Good Morning from Northwest Arkansas. Today- will confront leadership at their shareholders meetin…
I just went to the Walmart shareholders meeting in Arkansas to stand with workers and demand that hourly Walmart employees have a seat on Walmart’s board of directors, so they can make their voices heard. Add your name if you agree.
Today I am speaking directly to the owners of Walmart to send a simple message: pay your employees a living wage of $15/hour and give them a seat on the board.The greed of companies like Walmart at the expense of working people will end.  
The Waltons – the owners of Walmart – earn $25,000 a minute.The average Walmart employee makes $25,000 a year.My message to the Waltons is simple: Pay your employees a living wage of $15 an hour! 
 will challenge the establishment, and will be a powerful voice for upholding Roe v Wade at a disturbing moment when a woman’s right to control her own body and future is at stake. I am proud to support her grassroots campaign for Congress. 
"I know people who are on government benefits because the pay at Walmart is that low." Americans should not be subsidizing the richest family in America and workers should not be living in poverty. Walmart's greed has got to end.  
"So much disrespect, favoritism. It was just awful." workers like Janie deserve to be treated with dignity. That's why they should be paid at least $15 an hour and have a seat on the company board.  
 Bernie Sanders in interview  says of Walton Family, “It is really absurd and unacceptable that they are paying th…
“Working at Walmart has been mentally and physically draining... I’m constantly having to worry about whether or not my hours are gonna get cut.” -Cierra, associateWorkers deserve better. Join me and stand with them to   
"Being on the corporate board would give people with disabilities, like me, a voice." -Paula, associateTogether we are going to  and make sure people like Paula are represented. 
  Hands Over His Social Media Accounts to Walmart Workers Ahead of Attending Annual Meeting to Advocate for…
 We need to end  That won't happen just by electing a president. We need worker power. Follow
"We all help make this company run every day... We should have a say in how the company makes its decisions." –Cade, Walmart associat workers deserve a living wage and seats on the corporate board. Period.  
"We need a voice. We need someone to speak for the associates of Walmart." –Bonnie, Walmart associateIt's time for to give its hourly workers a voice by giving them a seat on its board.  
“You weren’t really allowed time off or you couldn’t miss too many days even if it was a family emergency.” –Antonio, former Walmart associateWalmart is not treating its workers with dignity. To  we demand workers have a seat on the corporate board. 
“I’m a mother of 4 beautiful girls and they are the ones who suffer when [Walmart] only gives me 15 hours of work per week.”Adriana has worked at Walmart for 14 years. Tomorrow I will join Walmart workers to demand workers like her have a seat on the board.  
"The Waltons make $25,000 a minute and most of the workers do not make that in a year... The Waltons' greed must end." -Cynthia Murray, 19-year Walmart associate  
Eid Mubarak to all our Muslim friends. May today bring joy and prosperity to all those celebrating.
I'm going to the shareholders' meeting tomorrow to end the greed of the wealthiest family in America.Walmart workers deserve a living wage and seats on the board.Today, I'm handing over my social media to Walmart workers to tell their stories and  
 Got home this morning, leaving tomorrow - but had time for an Impromptu neighborhood baseball game tonight! Three generat…
My mother’s dream was to own her own home, but we never came close. I remember being yelled at for going to the wrong store for groceries and paying more than I should’ve. I know where I came from. I know millions of families face the same struggle now.
How costs have risen in the last decade alone:Education: 📈+65%Food: 📈+26%Health care: 📈+21%Housing: 📈+16%Transportation: 📈+11%We need college for all, Medicare for all and jobs for all if millennials are going to have a fair shot at a decent standard of living.
The teacher strikes in West Virginia and many more states in the last few years have transformed our country. Educators have a right to demand a better life and more investment in education.This is an attack on workers and it must not stand. 
Fossil fuel profits are not more important than the future of this planet and our children's lives. That is why we fight for a Green New Deal.
 This came today from the campaign! Like many alums of Senator Sanders stands in solidarity with…
"School lunch debt" is not a concept that should exist in the wealthiest country on Earth. We must provide free, universal school meals to all children in America. 
As someone who is Jewish, it gives me a special pleasure to be able to work with the Muslim community. Together we're going to build a nation based on love and justice, not hatred and bigotry.  
 "We must understand that unfettered capitalism and the greed of corporate America are destroying the moral and economic fabric…
We have got to make it clear that when this country drifts toward oligarchy, there is no “middle ground.” Large profitable corporations like Amazon will pay their fair share of taxes. 
  on the minimum wage and unions. All unions.  
The same people that got us into Iraq are now trying to start a war with Iran.  on ending endless wars.
1 in 5 Americans can't afford the medication they are prescribed, while pharmaceutical companies make billions in profit. When it comes to prescription drugs, there is  We will take on the pharmaceutical industry and cut prescription drug prices in half.
 No one should live in poverty. Everyone should have housing.  Everyone should get an edu…
 Make it plain “When it comes to health care, there is no “middle ground.” Health care is a human right, not…
  on fracking 
When it comes to abortion, there is no “middle ground.” A woman has the right to control her own life, not the government. 
  is right. There is  when it comes to the life and death issues facing the American people.…
 Dignity and a living wage for all workers  
40,000 people were killed last year with guns. There is no “middle ground” when it comes to gun safety. We will take on the NRA. 
 Abortion is health care.Health care is a human right.  
 This is what believes:🏥There is  on health care. We need Medicare for All.🌍There is 
 Stopping a war with Iran 
 “There is a debate among candidates who have spoken here in this room ; those who have chosen not to be in this room...We…
When the future of the planet is at stake, there is no “middle ground.” We must take on the fossil fuel industry and pass a Green New Deal to create millions of good jobs transforming our energy system. 
  on universal health care  
 HELLO Senator  on this justice journey for the people!  
Tens of thousands of Americans die every year because they lack health insurance.There is no "middle ground" when it comes to health care. We will guarantee health care to all of our people through Medicare for All. 
As we celebrate  let us also remember how far we have come because of the struggle led by the LGBT community and their allies. I will always stand in solidarity with our LGBT friends to ensure everyone in America is free to love and live as their true selves. 
 Love is love and our  brothers and sisters deserve all the respect and love we can give. Like say…
 “We have got to stop endless wars. We have to cut military spending.” - at Moveon’s  Forum 
We will not defeat Donald Trump unless we give millions of working people and young people a reason to vote and believe that politics is relevant to their lives.We cannot go back to the old ways. We have to go forward with a new and progressive agenda.
There is no “middle ground” compromise with Donald Trump and the GOP. 
Soon we will send soldiers to Afghanistan who weren't even born yet on September 11, 2001.We've spent $5 trillion dollars on wars since 9/11.And now some of the same people that got us into Iraq are trying to start a war with Iran.We must end our endless wars.
 Yep! It means we shouldn’t check our rights at the door whenever we work for an employer.It means workers should have dignity +…
We're back in California, bringing the political revolution to San Jose.  Join us in the fight for racial, social, economic, and environmental justice. 
Democratic socialism means democracy. It means making sure everybody can live with dignity in the richest country on Earth. And it means creating a government that represents all of us, not just the wealthiest people in America. 
 Cheers for  big idea to end endless war and reallocate the obscenely huge military budget to driving cl…
  takes the stage at the  Forum: 
No teacher in America should be paid less than $60,000 a year.
For a limited time only, we are offering our first, official Bernie 2020 campaign sticker for FREE. Get yours before they’re gone. 
   covered our great roundtable discussion with the Community Tenants Association at New Asia Restaurant…
 is right: We are all in this together. Thank you for your support, Danny! 
I am not often speechless, but this young Dreamer's courage took my words away.This is a promise: As president I will provide immediate legal status for Dreamers and their parents, and pass comprehensive immigration reform with a path to citizenship for all undocumented people. 
Jane and I are grieving for the victims in Virginia Beach and their families.The days of the NRA controlling Congress and writing our gun laws must end. Congress must listen to the American people and pass gun safety legislation. This sickening gun violence must stop. 
Helene and Bernie were classmates at James Madison High School in Brooklyn. 60 years later, she asked him to sign her yearbook. 
No president is above the law, and this president must be held accountable. I believe that the Judiciary Committee should begin impeachment inquiries. 
It costs a hell of a lot more money to put somebody in jail than it does to send them to UCLA. Join us in Pasadena, California, to demand that we finally invest in jobs and education, instead of jails and incarceration. 
This is an important victory for abortion rights, but our fight is far from over. We must stand with the women of Missouri and demand an end to the unconstitutional attempts to take away a woman's right to control her own body. 
 I haven’t seen all the candidates yet, but I think this Sanders rally is the most hyped I’ve seen any candidates’ supporte…
900 people were held at a border facility with a maximum capacity of 125, according to the DHS Inspector General.This is inhumane. It must stop NOW.We must end the dehumanization of immigrants and develop a humane policy for those at the border who seek asylum.
More than a third of all teachers have worked a second job to makes ends meet. And average wages for public school teachers have gone DOWN over the last 20 years.As president, I will ensure teachers are paid what they deserve — a starting salary at least $60,000 a year.
When I see Donald Trump praising Klansmen and Nazis marching in the streets of America, and when I see children torn from the arms of their mothers, I am reminded of these words by Reverend Martin Niemoller.We cannot allow this president to pick us off one group at a time. 
Dreamers are a critical part of our American family, and our campaign family.We are going to reject Trump’s demonization of undocumented people and instead pass comprehensive immigration reform. 
Today they are coming for the immigrants, and we all must speak up. They are coming for the Muslims, and we all must speak up. And whenever they come after another group, we must all speak up. 
We have to end the dehumanization of undocumented people. That means:☑️a fully funded immigration adjudication system☑️ending mass immigration raids☑️not holding asylum seekers in detention while applications are processed☑️ending for-profit detention centers 
My father came to this country at 17, knowing almost no English, to escape poverty and persecution.When I speak to young immigrants, I see in their faces my own father who, if he arrived in this country today, would likely be demonized by the Trump administration. 
We cannot allow Donald Trump to pick us off one group at a time so that there is no one left to speak out when they come for you. Today, Trump is coming for immigrants, and we all must speak up. 
This is an unprecedented moment in American history and it is time for us to act in an unprecedented way. Thank you for coming out, Reno — this is what a political revolution looks like. 
We will never let Trump’s racism and xenophobia divide us. On this week’s Hear the Bern, we celebrate our  sisters, brothers and friends and the strength that comes from our diversity.Listen and subscribe at  
Ever year 530,000 families file for bankruptcy because of the cost of medical bills.No major country except ours lets private insurance companies financially ruin its own people. It’s time to end this disgrace — it’s time to pass Medicare for All.
 EXCLUSIVA | "Toda mi familia podría ser deportada". accede en exclusiva al primer vídeo sobre inmigración de…
At a time when we in the United States pay the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs, the top 10 U.S. drug companies made $69 billion in profits last year.That is an outrage.As president, I will lower the cost of prescription drugs in this country by 50%.
Congratulations, New Hampshire, for taking this critical step to reform our broken criminal justice system. Virtually every major industrialized country has chosen to end capital punishment, and it is time for the United States to join them. 
The Democratic governor of Louisiana is signing draconian anti-abortion legislation today. This is an outrage. Regardless of party, we must vigorously defend a woman's constitutional right to control her own body. 
"Rural America, as it is, is dying. It needs to change." If I am elected president, we will break up massive agriculture corporations and revitalize rural America. 
  has a bold platform for education equity including✅ Federal investment to rectify funding inequalities✅ R…
In Burlington, Vermont, we stood up to powerful developers and made our waterfront a public space. When we are in the White House we'll keep fighting make this a country for all of us, not just the wealthy.  
Walmart pays its employees so little that many are forced to go on Medicaid and food stamps to survive. Next week I'm going to Bentonville, Arkansas, to tell the Walton family of Walmart, the wealthiest family in America: Get off welfare. Pay your workers a living wage! 
Donald Trump and Betsy DeVos want to cut Nevada’s education grants. When we are in the White House, we are going to fire Betsy DeVos and guarantee every kid a quality public education. Join us in Reno! 
When I was mayor of Burlington we stood up to powerful developers to protect affordable housing—and that is what we will fight for in the White House.  
 The “New York Times” vs. Senator Bernie Sanders 
Little kids sometimes have the most profound questions. Thank you Andrew for this very important point about how we stop Trump from ripping kids out of the arms of their parents. 
Dr. Valerie Peterson has experienced firsthand the effects of extreme abortion bans like those in Alabama and Missouri. These bans are about one thing: controlling women's bodies. 
 This is UNCONSCIONABLE. Infrastructure is a human rights issue.                      It's a racial justice issue.…
This campaign is not about one person. It is about millions of people coming together to demand radical change. We have already made incredible progress and now is time to complete the political revolution. with 
 I helped shoot this video with in South Carolina last week. I’ve never seen a candidate more passionate abo…
In the year 2019 we won't tolerate still having separate and unequal schools. We are going to transform education in this country—learn how here:  
This is the richest country on Earth and our people don't have clean water.That's an international disgrace.Our solution: the WATER Act, which would create more than a million jobs to overhaul our nation's water infrastructure. 
We are here in New Hampshire to say: The cowardly effort to prevent New Hampshire students from voting is an attack on democracy and must not stand. Our job: make it easier for all people—especially young people—to get involved in the political process. 
I am proud that our campaign just released the most comprehensive plan to invest in K-12 education. We cannot continue subjecting our kids and teachers to these disgraceful conditions. When we are in the White House, this is going to change. 
We're going to do something today that the media doesn't often do. We're going to talk about why it is that 3 families own almost as much wealth as the bottom half of America. Join our town hall in Londonderry, New Hampshire. 
Our message to Donald Trump and the billionaire class is simple: We believe in democracy, not oligarchy. Join our town hall in Concord, New Hampshire. 
We cannot go back to the days when women in America didn't have the right to control their own bodies. Access to a safe and legal abortion is a constitutional right. 
Six children have died after being detained by Border Patrol.Darlyn Cristabel Cordova-ValleCarlos Gregorio Hernandez VasquezJakelin Caal MaquínFelipe Gomez AlonzoJuan de León GutiérrezAnd an unidentified toddler.We must end Trump’s cruel immigration policies. 
The for-profit bail industry makes over $2 billion every year preying off the plight of the poor.Only two nations even allow for-profit bond companies to exist: The United States and the Philippines. It is time to end this international embarrassment and abolish cash bail.
 Thank you to Democratic Presidential candidate for signing our veterans’  pledge!Veterans…
 We asked Dem presidential candidates to honor the true meaning of today. Here is what they sent. We thank them all, and remem…
On Memorial Day, we honor the brave men and women who gave their lives for our country and the families who lost loved ones.Today, we reaffirm a grateful nation’s commitment to everyone who has served and to their families.
I have been criticized recently for my foreign policy record so let me repeat: I make no apologies for opposing the wars in Vietnam, Iraq, Yemen and now trying to prevent a war with Iran. 
 The residents of thanking for supplying water and being an ally in their fight for clean wa…
Highly profitable corporations like McDonald's are paying wages so low that many of their workers need food stamps, Medicaid, and public housing to survive. That is unacceptable.If I'm elected president, trust me, every worker in this country will make at least $15 an hour. 
Have you apologized to the nation for your foolish advocacy of the Iraq war?I make no apologies for opposing it. 
Barcelona shows us that another world is possible and another way of doing politics is possible. Stand with me in supporting and
I’m standing in solidarity with and Mayor in their campaign to defend Barcelona as a beacon of affordable housing, feminism, and the fight against corporate power.   
If we could find over a trillion dollars to bail out Wall Street, we can damn well afford to protect the pensions of Americans. If I am elected president, I will impose an immediate moratorium on any future pension cuts and I will reverse the pension cuts that have been approved. 
I make no apologies for protesting the war in Vietnam.I make no apologies for helping to lead the opposition to the war in Iraq.I make no apologies for passing a resolution to end the Saudi-led war in Yemen.And I make no apologies for trying to stop a war with Iran. 
I'm back in Vermont for the first rally of our 2020 campaign in my home state. Watch live and join our campaign:  
It has been the honor of my life to serve Vermont. We were the first state in the country to outlaw slavery and the first state legislature to vote to legalize same-sex marriage. Vermont has led the struggle for human freedom and justice – and we will continue to do so. 
I'm back in Vermont for the first rally of our 2020 campaign in my home state. Watch live and join our campaign:  
Anyone who understands the history of American foreign policy knows that, over the years, many of our wars and military interventions were based on lies and deceptions coming from the White House. We must never allow that to happen again. 
 is right. We must end segregation in our schools and guarantee every kid a high-quality education. As President, I will put in place a moratorium on federal funding of new charters until we can ensure they’re operating with transparency and accountability. 
Pamela Turner was fatally shot five times by a police officer. There are too many people of color killed by the police who should be alive today — we need major police department reform.Content Warning: Police Violence 
The unconstitutional attacks on women’s rights will not stand! 
Tom Sullivan's son was murdered in the Aurora theater massacre.He ran for state legislature, won, and led the charge for new gun safety laws.Now, the gun lobby has launched a truly vile recall effort against him. Support the recall defense fund here: 
 THANK YOU FOR KEEPING YOUR PROMISE!  Bernie donated 500 cases of water to the Citizens of D…
 Thanks for sending your campaign State Director for SC to speak at our National Rally for S…
Everyone thought it was a fluke. In 1981, we shocked the world and started a political revolution in Burlington, Vermont.  
It's simple: all students must have access to healthy school meals.No child should go hungry or be shamed for not being able to pay.As a nation we must provide year-round, free universal school meals for our children. 
A decent education shouldn't be a privilege. It should be a right for all. Read my plan for how we're going to address the serious crisis in our education system:  
We are going to tear down the fences that prevent our kids from getting an equal, quality education, and create an education system that works for all of our people. 
Raising their minimum wage to $15 an hour:-Amazon-Disneyland-Costco-TargetStill paying poverty wages: is owned by the richest family in America. They must pay ALL workers a living wage.
In 1981, we won our race for City Hall in Burlington by 10 votes. Just 10 votes. Don't let anyone tell you that you cannot make a difference when you get involved in the political process. 
At this pivotal moment, we must do everything we can to protect abortion access. I'm proud that my home state of Vermont is taking this major step to say that women, not the government, have the ultimate right to control their bodies. 
Muhlaysia Booker, Dana Martia, Claire Legato, Ashanti Carmon and Michelle Washington should be alive today. The attacks against trans people, and trans women of color in particular, are part of a bigotry which has got to end. 
The right to vote is fundamental to participation in our society. This bill will remove barriers to reintegration and restore voting rights for thousands of Nevadans. I commend Speaker and the Nevada Legislature for passing this legislation. 
We can’t properly reform our broken criminal justice system without ending the death penalty. Congratulations to New Hampshire for this major step toward ending capital punishment. 
In my view, if McDonald’s has enough money to buy back $22 billion of its own stock, it damn well has enough money to pay all of its workers at least $15 an hour.
If Amazon can raise its minimum wage to $15 an hour, there is no reason that McDonald’s—a company that took in $1.4 billion in profit and paid its CEO $22 million—can’t also pay its workers a living wage.
 A lot of 2020 candidates are throwing their support behind strikes. But is taking it to a new level by using…
I say to McDonald's CEO Be a leader. Set an example for the entire fast food industry to follow. Raise your minimum wage to $15 an hour and respect the constitutional right of all of your workers to form a union.
  striker from Tampa, Bleu Rainer, outlines why workers need union rights to at the McD…
McDonald’s workers are standing up for their rights and a better life today. We must all stand together as we take on the billionaire class and massive corporations. Show your support by showing up at a picket line today:  
 up early this morning to do the work that he’s been doing since the age of 18; fighting on the side of wo…
 BREAKING: McDonald's workers ON STRIKE are live with at a virtual town hall meeting in Dallas outside the
I stand with McDonald’s workers who are on strike across the country today. The billionaire class and large corporations in this country must learn that they cannot have it all. 
When we stand together there is nothing we can't accomplish. Show up at a picket line with McDonald's workers tomorrow to help us fight for a $15 minimum wage, union rights and workplaces free of sexual harassment:  
The historic teacher strikes of the past few years have showed us that teachers are paid totally inadequate wages.We're the richest country on Earth and can afford to pay educators decent wages.A starting salary for all teachers should be at least $60,000.
"The first thing Bernie says when he meets you: 'What can I do for you?' And then...he delivers."  
It’s not surprising that Trump has chosen an adviser who has been defined by racism, xenophobia, sexism and homophobia.  We’ll send Trump and his whole disastrous team packing in 2020. 
Medicare for All doesn't dictate private health care decisions. That's what Republicans are doing by taking away a woman's right to control her body.Medicare for All will provide comprehensive reproductive coverage, including abortions, so that everyone gets the care they need. 
It is a memorial of the horrors of American history that we have got to understand. We cannot go forward if we sweep history under the rug. 3/ 
It is a memorial of terrorism in the United States of America and a monument to the memories of 4,400 African Americans who were lynched since Reconstruction. 2/ 
This week as we traveled in Alabama, I had the opportunity to visit the National Memorial for Peace and Justice in Montgomery and must admit I was shaken. 1/ 
My message to Betsy DeVos: when we're in the White House not only will you no longer be our Education Secretary. You and your billionaire friends will pay your fair share so teachers aren't living in poverty. 
Over 400,000 people in jail today have not been convicted. On Episode 7 of  learn about the modern-day debtors' prison system cash bail has created, and the industry that profits off of it:  
Instead of recognizing and addressing the concerns of workers, American Airlines has moved to sue Machinists keep passengers safe and on time. My message to American Airlines is simple: Stop the intimidation and bullying! 
 Well, I never expected our ‘(away from) home movies’ to be the subject of a article.  But it does illustrate…
Instead of criminalizing reproductive health care, state legislatures must protect a woman's constitutional right to choose. I applaud the Nevada Legislature for voting today to remove outdated criminal penalties for abortion from state law. 
Philadelphia: get out to vote today for progressive judicial candidates, and bring your friends, family, and neighbors out to vote! Today you can prove to the world that a revolution in criminal justice is possible in America. 
Abortion is health care, it is a woman’s constitutional right, and people in every state in this country are ready to defend that right. Together, we are going to  and end the attacks on women's rights.
Walmart workers are sick and tired of being paid poverty wages, while the Walton family is worth over $170 billion. I’m honored to have been invited by Walmart workers to demand they have a seat on the company’s board. 
Congratulations to newly elected President John Costa — a true rank and file leader with nearly two decades of experience and a commitment to transportation workers and riders.
A few short years ago, we were told that paying workers a living wage of $15 an hour was “too radical.” Not so radical anymore. Now it is time to turn our vision into reality. 
  will fight to end racial disparities in our education system by investing billions in HBCUs and K-12 schools.…
Why is it that we allow charter schools to siphon public money out of public schools — often with worse results — simply to enrich Wall Street executives, Silicon Valley CEOs and billionaires like the DeVos family?
Since the late 1980s, the number of racially segregated schools has more than tripled.This segregation isn't by accident—it's the result of policy decisions made in courts, in state legislatures and in Washington.I will not tolerate still having separate and unequal schools.
 Bernie has spent his Monday morning on a tour of sites highlighting poverty and civil rights struggles in rural AL. A sam…
Today I met Pamela Rush in Tyler, Alabama. Her daughter has trouble breathing at night because of mold in their home and there is sewage runoff in her backyard. Pamela is not alone. This is the reality for millions of Americans, but you don’t hear that in Congress or on TV. 
 Bernie Sanders's education platform calls for:✅ Desegregation ✅ Massive federal investment✅ Funding special education✅ R…
I'm in Montgomery, Alabama, holding a town hall to discuss how we can come together in the fight for economic, racial, environmental and social justice. 
Ford got nearly $750 million in tax breaks from the Trump tax scam and paid its CEO $18 million last year.Now, Ford is laying off thousands of workers.The bottom line: Republicans sold the tax scam as a way to create jobs and help workers. They lied. 
I was proud to stand with those marching in Birmingham today against the outrageous and unconstitutional abortion ban passed in Alabama. We will fight back and protect a woman's right to control her own body. 
As president, I will not appoint anyone to the United States Supreme Court unless they are prepared to defend Roe v. Wade. 
We're in Alabama to say: Abortion is a constitutional right. We will not allow states to take away a woman's right to control her own body. Join us as we take a stand in Birmingham. 
Pamela Turner should be alive today. is right: “There is something wrong in this country when black men and black women can’t get the same justice as everyone else.” 
In South Carolina, unbelievably the standard, according to the state Supreme Court, is that children only get a “minimally adequate education.”How disgraceful is that!We are going to guarantee every kid in America an excellent education, not a "minimally adequate" one. 
 "Educators appreciate call to ban unaccountable, for-profit charter schools that for too long have helped to f…
 Without a doubt, the Sander's plan is the best for American students and teachers. 
There is something profoundly wrong when billionaires receive tax breaks, while kids go to school in overcrowded, under-staffed, and under-funded classrooms. That is something we are going to change. 
 “Berning it up” in Augusta!! dropping it like it’s hot in the lovely and WARM  
The governor of Georgia recently signed a law that would outlaw abortion before many women even know they’re pregnant. We are here in Augusta to say: We will not allow states to take away a woman's constitutional right to control her own body. 
It's not just Flint. People in Denmark, South Carolina, have not had clean drinking water for more than a decade because the state government pumped a dangerous chemical into the city’s water supply. We are here to demand action. 
Can you imagine traveling 20 miles every month to collect clean drinking water? That is what people here in Denmark, South Carolina, have to do because the state government pumped a dangerous chemical into the city’s water supply. 
 Wonderful lunch in South Carolina speaking with and and about clean water in Americ…
If I'm elected president, we'll create a national minimum that must be spent per-pupil to educate our kids.No matter where you live, whether your community’s property values are high or low, your kids' schools will be guaranteed a certain minimum level of education funding.
If we are a nation that can pay baseball players hundreds of millions of dollars, don't tell me we can't afford to pay teachers the salaries they deserve. 
 Bernie’s plan seems like the most aggressive national anti-segregation policy put forward since the 1970s.“The plan wo…
Thurgood Marshall said that all children have a right “to an equal opportunity to reach their full potential as citizens."In my view, the only way to accomplish that goal is to guarantee every person in our country a quality education as a fundamental human right.
All over America teachers are telling us that they should not have to work two or three jobs just to make ends meet.When we defeat Trump, we are going require states to pay teachers a solid starting salary, and that includes cost-of-living increases.
The has been demanding a ban on for-profit charter schools and a moratorium on federal funding of new charter schools until we can ensure they’re operating with transparency and accountability.I agree. As president I will institute that ban and implement that moratorium.
Betsy DeVos is the worst Secretary of Education in the modern history of our country. We need an Education Secretary who is a fierce advocate for public education and working class children and works to integrate our schools—not who is doing everything she can to undermine them.
Out of 35 major countries the U.S. ranks 30th in math, 24th in reading, and 19th in science.Let me be as clear as I can: as the wealthiest country in the history of the world there is no reason we shouldn't have the best education system in the world.
I'm the son of an immigrant who came to this country without a nickel in his pocket.Our family didn’t have much money, but I was lucky enough to get a good public school education.The kind of public education I received can and must be a right for every child in America. 
I am proud to introduce my Thurgood Marshall Plan for A Quality Public Education for All. Read our plan to transform our education system here:  
 Thank you for this vitally important proposal. 
Thank you New Hampshire State Reps. Ellen Read, and and Nashua Alderman-at-Large Together we will win New Hampshire and defeat Donald Trump. 
 Headed down to South Carolina to fight for clean water with Clean water is a right for all Americans!  We…
As someone who did as much as I could to prevent the war in Iraq—the worst foreign policy blunder in modern American history—let me tell you: a war with Iran would be much, much worse. 
It's not an exaggeration to say that banning legal, medically assisted abortion will kill women.Today we say to the governments of Alabama, Georgia and all the states trying to take away women's constitutional rights: we are not going backwards. We are going forward.
Trump's immigration policy is cruel and un-American. We will reject Trump's attempts to divide us up, and ensure a family-based immigration system grounded in civil and human rights. 
States that had passed a $15 minimum wage four years ago: ZeroStates that have passed a $15 minimum wage now: CaliforniaNew YorkMassachusettsNew JerseyIllinoisMarylandand today, ConnecticutWhen people see the justice of an idea, it spreads like fire.  
On this 65th anniversary of the Brown v Board of Education decision, we are going to tear down barriers for black and brown children and create an education system that works for all people, not just the wealthy and powerful.
Donald Trump thinks he can win reelection by dividing us up. I've got news for him. That's not a path toward victory. We will defeat him by doing the opposite – bringing our people together.  Join us as we continue to fight for justice in Charlotte, NC: 
Abortion bans in Georgia, Alabama, Ohio and elsewhere are dangerous, regressive, and blatantly unconstitutional. We will fight them in every way possible. 
Donald Trump betrayed working people in Wisconsin and across America. He is a liar and we will defeat him and put working people first. 
When we talk about fighting for justice, we mean ending institutional racism in all its ugly forms.
LGBTQ Americans are still at risk of being fired, evicted and denied services. In the year 2019, that is totally unacceptable.I am proud to see the House pass the  so that every LGBTQ person in America is protected from discrimination. This is an historic day. 
As president I will stand with groups like the and put a moratorium on federal funding of new charter schools until rules are in place to make sure they are operating with transparency and accountability.
Charter schools are led by unaccountable, private bodies, and their growth has drained funding from the public school system. When we are in the White House we will ban for-profit charter schools. 
 Bernie Sanders takes the stage at his Asheville, NC rally. Local police said they capped enclosed area at 2,000 people, with…
I want to welcome you to a campaign which says that the underlying principles of our government will not be greed, hatred and lies. Those ugly anti-American sentiments of the Trump administration are going to end and end soon. Join us live in Asheville: 
I stand with workers from and who are striking to stop outsourcing at Thank you for speaking up to protect health care, research and education at these great public universities. 
Trump is proposing to send our nuclear waste to Yucca Mountain. That would be a disaster. We must stop building new nuclear power plants, and find a real solution to our existing nuclear waste problem. 
A war in Iran would make the Iraq war look like a walk in the park. It will be an unmitigated disaster.Tell Congress to pass legislation that would prohibit Trump from taking military action against Iran without Congressional approval: 
Thank you for standing up to stop predatory companies from profiting off the student debt crisis. When we are in the White House, we are going to end this kind of greed. 
The abortion ban in Alabama is not about protecting life. It is about controlling women's bodies. 
3,800%.That's how much the cost of four-year public college has increased since 1964.In that time, how many bright young people gave up the chance at a college education because they couldn't afford it?We will make public colleges and universities tuition-free.
Republican legislators are trying to strip away women's rights state by state. This is a frightening time, but we will not let them win. We will fight back and not only defend women's rights, but expand them. 
Congratulations to activists in New York for stopping the Williams Pipeline! If we are going to confront the crisis of climate change, we must stop new pipelines and rapidly transition to 100% renewable energy. 
 We're live with What questions do you have for him?
This is shameful. A fourth child has died after being detained by Border Patrol since December. Our job is to provide protection and due process to those fleeing violence and persecution—not to threaten the safety of families and children at the border and tear families apart. 
In the last 10 years the oil and gas industry spent $700+ million on campaign contributions and $1.5 billion on lobbying.In return they get hundreds of billions in subsidies every year while destroying the planet.We must end subsidies and tax breaks for oil and gas companies. 
In no state in America does support for a total ban on abortion—like Alabama just passed—reach even 25%. The extremist attacks on abortion rights must end.  
Extremist politicians in every state have worked for decades to ban abortion. We will not let them win.  
The governor of Alabama just signed a near-total ban on abortion. What an utter disgrace.But we will not give up. Donate now to and to help low-income women get support for the abortions they need: 
Millennials aren't struggling because they're lazy or wasting their money on avocados. They face unprecedented economic challenges due to decades of policies to help corporations and the top 1% while leaving working people behind.
When fundamental rights are under attack, we must respond and do the most good that we can. In the wake of the abortion ban passed in Alabama, donate here to three abortion support networks so that low-income women can get abortions and reproductive care: 
It's simply not acceptable that a wealthy corporation like Southwest Airlines is switching passenger service work at LAX away from union contractors.We must support the trade union movement. When unions are strong, the middle class is strong.  
 Thank you for supporting our fight for LGBTQ families! 
Abortion is health care.When we pass Medicare for All, we will be guaranteeing a woman’s right to control her own body by covering comprehensive reproductive care, including abortion.
The attack on women’s rights is happening in Alabama, Georgia and across the country, and we must fight it everywhere. I am proud that my state is fighting back—and I encourage all states to do the same to protect a woman’s right to choose. 
Abortion is a constitutional right.
 "It would lead to endless wars...our kids and our grandchildren would never see a time when there would be peace."
What Alabama is doing is blatantly unconstitutional and disrespects the fundamental right a woman has to make decisions about her own body.I say to Gov. Ivey: Veto this cruel bill. Stop the attack on women’s rights. 
Together, we have raised more small-dollar funds than any other candidate in this race. We will not only defeat Donald Trump, but transform the country and bring millions of people into the political process. Help us get there:  
This billionaire thinks Medicare for All is a "crazy" idea. Here's what I think is crazy:Thousands of Americans die every year because they can't afford health care, while the top 65 health care CEOs made $1.7 billion in compensation in 2017. 
If we go to war with Iran, we will destabilize the entire region and thousands of Americans and Iranians will die.I am working right now with my Republican colleagues to stop this disastrous rush to war. 
AT;T promised to create 7,000 jobs if the Trump tax cuts passed.Instead, AT;T has cut over 23,000 jobs since the tax scam passed in 2017.Trump and Republicans betrayed workers. We are going to stand with workers and repeal Trump's giveaways to the 1% and large corporations.
Our campaign is about bringing people into the political process who would otherwise never get involved in order to defeat Trump.Listen to Episode 6 of  to hear how our campaign is standing up for working people across the country:  
Republicans claim a Green New Deal is unaffordable. Here is what's unaffordable: If we don't act, from 2050-2100 climate change will cost the U.S. economy $85,000,000,000,000. 
We must build a world based on peace and justice, not war and destruction. We must invest in our people, not spend unlimited money on endless wars. 
The minimum wage would be $33 today if it had increased as quickly as the average Wall Street bonus since 1985. Instead, millions of people are trying to survive on poverty wages, while Wall Street executives get richer.
The American people do not want endless war! We cannot allow Donald Trump and his national security advisor, John Bolton, to drag us into a war with Iran. The American people must stand up to prevent what would be an unmitigated disaster. 
There is no other major country in the world where a mom has to pay $3 MILLION for her son's life-saving surgery. Health care must be a right, not a privilege for the wealthy. We are going to pass Medicare for All. 
It is not a radical idea to suggest that clean drinking water and clean air should be the right of all Americans, regardless of their income or the color of their skin.
 "Instead of spending well over a trillion dollars a year on weapons of destruction, think about spending that money on m…
It's time to end all subsidies for oil and gas companies.These companies lied to the American people about the very existence of climate change. They committed one of the greatest frauds in our history.When we are in White House we'll rapidly transition to renewable energy.
Farmers are unable to repair their own tractors or other equipment because of the greed of companies like John Deere. That is truly insane and we're going to end that. 
Delta Airlines is worth billions and paid its CEO $22 million in 2017.It’s fighting its employees who want to join a union and negotiate for better wages, telling them to buy video games instead.That is the kind of greed we are going to end. 
Not only is Trump denying climate change as president, his buildings are huge polluters. Trump's 8 biggest New York properties emit as many tons of planet-warming gases every year as 5,800 cars.Climate change isn't a hoax. It's a crisis we must address.
Nearly half a million people sitting in jail haven’t been convicted of any crime—simply because many accused of a crime can't afford bail.We must end cash bail as part of reforming our entire criminal justice system. 
1.1 million more Americans lost health insurance coverage in 2018.When we have Medicare for All, no one in America will have to worry about losing health insurance.
The economy is doing well—for billionaires and Trump’s Mar-a-Lago friends. Meanwhile:-78% of Americans live paycheck to paycheck-34 million have no health insurance-3 families own more wealth than the bottom halfWe need an economy that works for all, not just the 1%. 
 Powerful video with Dorthea from talking about the costs of fossil fuel CEOs using their power to bend the…
Climate change is not just an environmental issue. It is a racial justice issue. 
One out of every three senior citizens in America relies on Social Security for virtually ALL of their income.I don't think the wealthiest country in history should have seniors living in poverty. Trump wants to slash Social Security. I believe we must expand it.
This is an issue of basic survival. We will not continue to allow drug companies to make massive profits while diabetics ration lifesaving insulin because they can't afford it. We will bring down prescription drug costs by 50%. 
Our disastrous trade agreements are written by corporate CEOs to benefit corporate CEOs. In the White House we will be supportive of American workers, unlike Trump. 
 Shooting human beings is no laughing matter. The President is encouraging and inciting violence against vulnerable human be…
Only four large companies control:-82% of the beef packing industry-85% of soybean processing-63% of pork packing-53% of chicken processingMonopolization of agriculture is unfair to food producers, consumers and the environment. We're going to change that. 
Did you know that from 1911-1967, Americans could bank at their local post office?At one point our postal banks serviced 4 million customers.We must ensure all Americans can access basic financial services by allowing every post office to offer basic banking services again.
As the son of an immigrant, I am appalled that Donald Trump laughed about shooting immigrants. The rise of domestic terrorism and white supremacy is being fueled by this racist president. We all must stand together against displays of hate and take action to combat this threat. 
 In Michigan, it's 390% on a 14-day $100 loan.Get 'em 
Average annual interest rates on payday loans:Delaware: 521%Idaho: 652%Nevada: 652%Texas: 661%Utah: 652%Wisconsin: 574%It's time to end exploitative lending that keeps Americans trapped in debt. We will cap interest rates on consumer loans and credit cards at 15%.
Throughout my life, I have always believed that we need a mass movement of people over many years to bring about the change that we need. That is what this political revolution is about—returning power to the people, where it belongs. 
There is no “middle ground” when it comes to climate policy. If we don't commit to fully transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels, we will doom future generations. Fighting climate change must be our priority, whether fossil fuel billionaires like it or not.
Without a strong, dedicated nursing workforce, no hospital can provide the quality care patients deserve. This  and every week, we say to our nurses: Thank you for the difficult and important work you do, and we are with you.
Nurses and staff at Mercy Health St. Vincent Medical Center in Toledo should not be working 20-hour shifts without decent health insurance, while the CEO of Mercy Health makes $1.7 million nurses and staff in Toledo deserve fair pay, health care and work schedules.
Republicans' efforts to control women's bodies must end! We can defeat this unconstitutional attempt to ban abortion in Alabama, but we need to act now.Call your Alabama State Senator to stop this attack on abortion rights:   
It's been 219 days since Amazon committed to a $15 minimum wage. When will finally do the same, and guarantee a living wage of $15 an hour to all its workers?
 “I am sure it will be criticized,” Sanders said of the legislation. “I have a radical idea, maybe Congress should stand…
Delta told employees to buy video games instead of forming a union. What a disgrace.Delta's CEO made nearly $22 million in 2017 while paying ramp agents as little as $9/hour.I say to Delta: Stop trying to undercut workers' right to form a union and negotiate for better wages. 
Banks make record profits discriminating against people of color and denying basic banking services to 63 million adults who are unbanked or underbanked.We must allow every post office to offer basic, affordable banking services and end lending discrimination once and for all.
Congratulations Councilwoman for winning her race for Akron City Council! We need more leaders like Tara in Ohio and across this country.
In Texas, the average annual interest rate on a payday loan is 661%.In Vermont, the payday loan industry doesn’t exist, because interest rates on small dollar loans are capped at 18%.We must cap interest rates on consumer loans and credit cards at 15% nationwide.
 There is no reason a person should pay more than 15% interest in the United States.It’s common sense - in fact, we had these Usu…
Last year Americans paid $113 billion in interest on credit cards—50% more than just five years ago and my plan: end Wall Street's greed and cap credit card and other consumer loan interest rates at 15%.
More than 3 million older Americans owe more than $86 billion in student loans.We can do better than burdening people with debt to carry until they die for the "crime" of getting an education.We will make public colleges tuition-free and substantially reduce student debt.
Oligarchs and despots are working across borders to cause immense harm, not only in Yemen but around the world.Our job now: Reach out to people in every corner of the globe who share our democratic values and build a new order based on human solidarity. 
Uber and Lyft drivers are striking to make clear: while technology can often be an instrument of progress and efficiency, we cannot allow it to be another corporate weapon against workers. We must stand with them. 
President Trump seems determined to engineer a constitutional crisis by refusing to comply with a standard congressional subpoena.If the Mueller report exonerates him, then why is he trying to block lawmakers from simply reading the full report? What is he trying to hide?
In 2017 Lyft’s CEO made over $41 million and Uber’s made $45 million last year.Uber executives are expected to become instant millionaires from the company’s IPO this week.The median worker at Uber and Lyft makes about $10/hour.This is a situation we can no longer accept.
 Props to the campaign for putting out a great plan for combatting sexual misconduct and discrimination in t…
Unions are my family. I have worked with them my entire life, and I am incredibly proud this campaign will be powered by union workers.When unions are strong, the middle class is strong. Together, we are going to rebuild the labor movement in America. 
Republican legislators believe government should get off people's backs—EXCEPT when it comes to women's bodies.In that case, they think they have a right to make health care judgements for women and throw them in prison for decades.Absolutely unconscionable. 
Donald Trump is a fraud. He criticizes large corporations for not paying taxes, but he paid nothing in federal income taxes for years. Our tax system is rigged in favor of real estate moguls and those who inherit huge fortunes. We are going to make Trump pay his fair share. 
In 2014 a provision was slipped into a spending bill that cut pensions by up to 65%.If I'm elected president we'll immediately stop cuts to multi-employer pension plans.If the crooks on Wall Street can get bailed out, we can damn well afford to protect Americans' pensions.
Unpaid internships are fundamentally unfair to the many bright young people who simply cannot afford to work for no wages. We must recognize that work is work and every worker must be paid a decent and living wage. 
While billionaires receive tax breaks and we pour more money into war, our schools and our children do not have basic needs.Our priorities as a nation must change. Thank you Oregon educators for standing up and demanding we invest in education! 
Larry Hanley began his impactful labor career driving a bus through Brooklyn. He went on to transform and impact many lives and will be deeply missed by the movement and those who knew him. 
Uber is not a poor company. It paid its top five executives $143 million in compensation last year, including $45 million to its CEO.So why are Uber drivers struggling to put food on the table?I stand with striking Uber and Lyft drivers today. The greed has got to end. 
It is a disgrace that kids today go to school fearful that they could be shot and killed. The American people agree: we must take immediate action to end the epidemic of gun violence in this country. Enough is enough! 
Tomorrow, join me in standing with Uber and Lyft drivers. Uber is a multibillion-dollar company. Its top five executives made $143 million last year. Their drivers should not be getting pay cuts—they deserve a living wage and decent benefits. 
One year ago the Trump administration began its policy of separating families at the border—a moral stain on this nation. Some of those families still remain separated.When we are in the White House we will have a HUMANE border policy for those seeking asylum.
Sandra Bland should be alive today. The job of this police officer should have been to protect and serve — not harass and threaten. We have a broken criminal justice system that we will address when we are in the White House. 
This is a dark day in the state of Georgia. This is why the fight for abortion rights is not just about protecting Roe v. Wade. It is about ending the non-stop, extremist attacks on women's rights at the state and local level. 
On the new  we hear from the people who knew Bernie way back when and learn about Bernie’s early days in politics. Tune in!Spotify: iTunes: Google Play: Soundcloud:  
Medicare for All would save average families thousands of dollars by eliminating premiums and deductibles to private insurers. It is not only the moral thing to do; it is the economical thing to do. 
This proposal is extreme, unconstitutional, and part of a coordinated attack on women’s rights. We are going to fight this brazenly unconstitutional bill with everything we’ve got. 
We need a climate debate. There are quite simply few issues more important than the survival of our planet and people. 
Fracking is a danger to our water supply. It’s a danger to the air we breathe. It causes earthquakes. It’s highly explosive. And it’s contributing to climate change. We need to ban it nationwide. 
The frantic attempts by the drug industry and insurance industry to derail Medicare for All are a sign that we are winning — that means we cannot rest, we cannot back down and we cannot accept any substitute. 
The “Partnership for America’s Health Care Future" is running large ad campaigns against Medicare for All.So who do they represent? The insurance companies and drug companies.If we are going to win the fight for Medicare for All, I need your help. 
This campaign is asking for your help to win the primary and defeat Trump, but it is also asking for something more. I will need your help the day after the inauguration to take on the powerful interests in Washington. I will need you in the fight for justice in America. 
The future of the planet is at stake. We don't have any more time to waste on politicians who call climate change a hoax or refuse to act boldly.Our job is to rapidly transition away from fossil fuels to renewable energy and create millions of good jobs saving the planet. 
Thousands of family farmers are forced off their land every year as large agri-business corporations take over.As president, I will impose an immediate moratorium on agri-business mergers, and I will nominate an Attorney General who will aggressively breakup these monopolies. 
I grew up in a family that struggled financially, but I was able to attend an excellent public college which at that time was virtually tuition-free.We are going to once again make higher education a right for all, not a privilege for the few.
We are creating a democracy that is truly by and for the people. Join our rally in Sioux City, Iowa, and join our campaign at  
This growing monopolization of agribusiness is unfair to food producers. It is unfair to consumers. It is unfair to the environment. And it has to change. 
Ramadan Mubarak to all our Muslim sisters, brothers and friends. May it be a month of much peace and joy.
The number of farms taking advantage of renewable energy has more than doubled since 2007. That is good, but for the future of the planet we must do better. We can create millions of jobs by moving to 100% sustainable energy.
We are in Spencer, Iowa, to hear directly from the people! Tune in to our town hall. 
It is a disgrace that 400,000 people are in jail for the crime of being poor. I applaud Larry Krasner and city councilors for working to eliminate the cash bail system in Philadelphia. When we are in the White House, we will end cash bail nationally. 
Are you ready for something truly insane?Farmers aren’t allowed to repair their own tractors without paying an authorized John Deere repair agent.I think the person who bought that machinery has a right to fix that damn piece of machinery. 
Today, 39 percent of Americans living in rural areas lack Internet access.  This is the year 2019. We need to expand high-speed Internet access and broadband services to every American.
If Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, you know what he would say to behemoth agri-business companies? He would say break them up. And that is exactly what we are going to do.  
Farmers have some of the highest uninsured rates in America—41% of dairy farmers lack health insurance.If we are going to truly stand with rural American we must guarantee health care as a human right through Medicare for All.
We must end a system where the top 10 percent of farmers get 77 percent of subsidies from the USDA. Our job is to help family farmers who are struggling. Not to make billion-dollar corporations even richer.
Factory farms are responsible for 1.4 trillion pounds of animal waste in America. They are a threat to the water we drink and the air we breathe, and it is unbelievable to me that Republicans in Congress have been working overtime to exempt factory farms from environmental laws.
If you paid 1 cent in federal income taxes last year, you paid more than John Deere – a company that made a $2.2 billion in profit last year. 
We can no longer tolerate farm bankruptcies in the Midwest being at their highest level in a decade, while the CEO who controls Smithfield Foods got a $291 million compensation package in 2017.Let me be clear: We need more family farms in America, not more factory farms.
While corporate profits soar in agribusiness, thousands of family farmers are forced off their land every year. Today, I am announcing a plan to revitalize rural America:  
 Trump talks about ending bad trade deals but his NAFTA 2.0 still lacks enforcement of worker protections and would allow Big…
I’m sick and tired of hearing Republicans say they want to get the government off the backs of the American people unless it is women who want to control their own bodies.
I grew up in a family that lived paycheck to paycheck. I know the stress millions are living with.If your car breaks down and you can’t get to work, you could be fired. Then how do you take care of your kids or pay for health care.No one in America should struggle to survive.
This is a moment to stand up, not stand down. Join us live in Fort Dodge, Iowa! 
  who is running on a slogan of social, economic and racial justice, has featured Greenville's gentrific…
 That time when and Ben Cohen decided to go for ice cream in Perry, IA. In the Ice Cream stop Ben Cohen is…
We have a president who does not understand the Constitution of the United States, does not respect the Constitution of the United States and is a threat to the very fabric of American democracy.
For hundreds of years, extraordinarily brave people have stood up, and some of them have died in the struggle, to end discrimination in America. That struggle is not over, and our job now is to come together to take on the forces of greed and bigotry trying to divide us up. 
 Perry, IA - where a gym full of people gather to hear on the nicest Saturday afternoon of the year so far. S…
Here is a promise: If elected president, we are going to reduce the price of prescription drugs by half.
Here is the truth that the drug and insurance companies do not want you to know: Expanding Medicare to everyone will save the American people money.
Live from Perry, Iowa! Join our town meeting to discuss how we can finally create a government that works for all, not just a wealthy few. 
What this political revolution looks like is people reaching out to their friends and neighbors, talking about the issues that deeply affect their lives and bringing them into the political process.When we do that, we can accomplish extraordinary things for our country. 
 Ben Cohen of Ben ; Jerry's introducing Bernie Sanders in Iowa—&gt; "A president of the United States who truly stands for…
 AMES—Hello from Iowa State University where is being introduced by students.“I was too young to vote in 20…
Now more than ever, we need leadership that brings our people together. Join us live from Ames, Iowa. 
  claimed that millions of families pay 40 to 60% of their income on housing. There's data backing his claim.…
Whether it is the drug companies, the fossil fuel companies, Wall Street, or big agribusiness—we are taking on people who believe that short-term profits are more important than the well-being of our people.Our campaign is about saying we will not put profits over people.
Fundamental change in America’s agricultural and rural policies is no longer just an option; it’s an absolute necessity. Tomorrow we will announce a plan to address the major crisis rural America faces. 
Our time with the people of Iowa continues tomorrow in Fort Dodge at 7 pm. Please join our town meeting as we build our movement to have a government based on justice! 
¿Alguna vez se ha encontrado en una situación en la que necesitaba atención médica pero no pudo pagarla? No esta solo. Esta es una de las razones por las que necesitamos Medicare para todos. 
Our campaign is back in Iowa this weekend and we'll be holding events across the state. I hope you can join us as we build an unprecedented grassroots movement:  
"I came to medical school to help people, not bankrupt them." 
Medicare for All will eliminate the $28,000 a year that the average American family today is forced to pay to insurers.This group doesn’t want you to know that because it is the front group for the insurance industry. It represents CEOs who make millions each year. 
Uber says it can't pay its drivers more money, but rewarded its CEO with nearly $50 million last year. People who work for multibillion-dollar companies should not have to work 70 or 80 hours a week to get by. I stand with the Uber and Lyft drivers going on strike on May 8.
"The changes I've fought for and am fighting for still—like Medicare for All, free college tuition and a $15 minimum wage... I know how much they would have helped my own mother and my own family when we needed it. I want better for my son. I want better for myself."  
In Greenville, South Carolina, and cities all over the country, people can no longer afford to live in the communities where they were born and raised, created memories and built families. We will attack the problem of gentrification and rising rents in America 
Medicare for All will:-Expand to Medicare to cover all people-Cover long-term care, dental, vision and hearing aids-Reduce overall health care spending-End the situation where Americans must choose between food or medicineWe are going to make health care a human right.
 Senator Nina Turner on Why Universal Health Care, Higher Wages, and Free Public Education Are Crucial Issues for Black Wome…
When Harry Truman first proposed guaranteeing health care to seniors the idea was billed as radical, “un-American” and an attack on basic freedom.Medicare is now one of the most popular government programs.We can make health care a right to ALL if we have the political will.
Corporate America and the billionaire class have been waging a 40-year war against the trade union movement in America. Working together, we are going to make sure that is a war they will lose. 
A neurologist. An Iraq War veteran. A professor whose students worry about what climate change will mean for their future. Episode 4 of  went on the road in Texas to hear directly from the people who power this movement. Listen and subscribe:  
How much did insurance and pharmaceutical groups spend on lobbying last year to protect our profit-driven system?$143 million.That's a sign that we are winning and we cannot rest, we cannot back down, and we cannot accept any substitute but Medicare for All.
In 2017 the top 65 health care CEOs made $1.7 billion. The 25 highest-paid CEOs in the pharmaceutical industry made roughly $440 million.It should be no surprise that health companies and their political groups will spend enormous sums of money to stop Medicare for All.
 NEW: is set to deliver a policy address on "Agriculture and Rural Investment" as part of his swing through Io…
Insurers and drugmakers formed a front group called the Partnership for America’s Health Care Future to oppose Medicare for All. In reality, this is a partnership to protect health industry profits. We cannot accept any substitute for Medicare for All. 
In Fort Worth on Saturday we can elect a true progressive for mayor. Deborah Peoples will work to level the playing field. She will address income inequality and ensure equity for every family. Do what you can to help us get out the vote and make history!  
Since the China trade deal I voted against, America has lost over 3 million manufacturing jobs. It’s wrong to pretend that China isn’t one of our major economic competitors. When we are in the White House we will win that competition by fixing our trade policies.
As a nation, we have got to get our priorities right and there is no priority more important than a quality education for our young people. Congratulations to teachers in North Carolina who are fighting for fair wages and more support for their students. 
750,000 people in South Carolina and 40 million people across the country live in poverty. Too often in this country, people struggling to get by think they're in it alone. That is a myth — you are not in it alone. And you deserve a government that works for you. 
Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a disgrace and I stand with South Carolina teachers who are striking to change our priorities. 
The flooding in Davenport is devastating. We must provide Iowans with the help they need to quickly recover. And we must invest immediately in strengthening our infrastructure to prepare for disasters like this that climate change will make even worse. 
GM got a $514 million tax break from Trump. It pays nothing in federal income taxes. Its CEO made $22 million last year.Yet it's laying off nearly 15,000 workers and closing plants in Michigan, Ohio and Maryland.This is the kind of corporate greed we are going to end. 
The 26 richest people on Earth own more wealth than the bottom half — 3.8 billion people. From South Carolina to Seoul, workers today are saying that we can no longer tolerate such obscene inequality. They understand that when we stand together, we win. 
I stand with South Carolina teachers who are walking out for fairer pay, smaller classroom sizes, duty-free break time and full funding of the state’s promises to students. We need to treat educators with respect and dignity.  
 Have you listened to the newest episode of  yet? There's a special message from at the end. Her…
"We need to talk about poverty. We need to talk about wealth. We need to bring all of us together no matter what color." I'm honored to have Dr. by our side in this struggle. 
The UNC Charlotte community is uniting to deal with another horrific instance of gun violence in this country. We must move aggressively to end the epidemic of gun violence which claims more lives every day. 
The truth is that our country has had a long and shameful history of voter suppression. This should not devolve into a debate about whether certain people are “good enough” to have the right to vote. Voting is not a privilege. It is a right. 
When our democracy is bought and paid for by Wall Street, we get policies that enrich CEOs while keeping millions of Americans in poverty. Our campaign is about stopping this slide into oligarchy. 
I am proud to be the only candidate running for president who not only voted against NAFTA and PNTR with China, but also stood on the picket lines with union workers opposing these unfair trade deals. 
When we are in the White House, we will renegotiate all of our unfair trade deals to prevent the outsourcing of American jobs, raise wages, protect the environment, and lower the outrageously high price of prescription drugs.
Our profit-driven health care system hurts patients.-1 in 4 Americans skip treatment due to cost-Half fear bankruptcy from medical emergency-2 million workers change insurance every monthBut at least the top health care CEOs made $1.1 billion last year. 
It’s good that Trump is finally willing to talk about infrastructure—but let’s remember that infrastructure isn’t just roads, bridges and wastewater plants. It’s also affordable housing, schools and mass transit. We can and must fund ALL of these priorities in a progressive way. 
Today, for the first time, the U.S. House of Representatives is holding a hearing on  is no small thing. It's the result of millions of people demanding we make health care a right.Insurance and drug companies may have the money. But we will win.
It goes without saying that someone who commits a serious crime must pay their debt to society. But punishment for a crime, or keeping dangerous people behind bars, does not cause people to lose their rights to citizenship. It should not cause them to lose their right to vote. 5/
Our present-day crisis of mass incarceration has become a tool of voter suppression. Today, over 4.5 million Americans — disproportionately people of color — have lost their right to vote because they have served time in jail or prison for a felony conviction. 4/
After the ratification of the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments, which extended civil and legal protections to formerly enslaved people, many state governments rushed to create new felonies to put black people in jail and then institute lifetime disenfranchisement. 3/
When we look at the history of why our country has banned incarcerated people from voting, we must understand that the efforts to rob citizens of their voting rights was a legacy of slavery and continuing racist attitudes post-Jim Crow. 2/
If we are serious about calling ourselves a democracy, we must firmly establish that the right to vote is an inalienable and universal principle that applies to all American citizens 18 years and older. Period. 1/ 
 "We need to defeat the most dangerous president in the history of this country. Your work is the most important type of wor…
 you are an inspiration to me and all of us in the struggle for Medicare for All. We will not stop until we make health care a right for all. 
 "What we have seen over the last many years is one disastrous trade policy after another. ... It has led to a race to the bottom."…
Trump promised to reduce the trade deficit, stop outsourcing of American jobs and rip up NAFTA. Instead:-Our trade deficit in goods up to record-breaking $891 billion-$50 billion in government contracts given to outsourcers-185,000 American jobs shipped overseas on his watch
 Bernie Sanders Guest Column: We cannot continue to ignore the crisis in affordable housing 
American jobs must no longer be our number one export. Trade is a good thing, but it has got to be fair. We need a trade policy that works for working people, not the CEOs of multinational corporations.
Today I am calling on Donald Trump and all presidential candidates to support a trade policy that protects jobs and guarantees living wages for American workers.We need a president who will actually fight for American workers and stand up to corporations who outsource jobs. 
Malcom, Iowa, is a town of 287 people. 230 showed up to our town hall there. The time is long overdue for the U.S. government to stand with rural America. 
The good news is that Trump is getting nervous, corporate America is getting nervous and the Democratic establishment is getting nervous. They're worried that we're going to win this thing, and they should be. 
My anger and indignation are reserved for your lies to the working class of America. Remember when you said "we're going to have health insurance for everybody"? What the hell happened to that promise! 
This is completely false, and what a pathological liar and misogynist sounds like when he talks about abortion. Together, we must respect a woman’s right to control her own body. 
Yesterday we saw more than 4,700 Organizing Kickoff events happen across the country. What an amazing day for our political revolution.This is how we'll win the election and transform the country—people talking to people. Thank you to all who joined  
"Bernie doesn't shy away from the fights that have to be fought. I know because that's what he did with us in Puerto Rico." -San Juan Mayor and Bernie 2020 Co-Chair 
This is what a political revolution looks like: thousands of people across the country coming together to fight for justice. 
   Thank you Arlington, VA. We had a full house tonight. Standing room only.  we…
Another horrific shooting at a place of worship, today at the Poway Synagogue in San Diego County. We must work every day to eradicate all forms of hatred and bigotry, and take serious action to protect Americans from gun violence.
 Bay Area Muslims are here in Oakland, California to  and put in the White House. 💪 we are…
 Wow, the Community Canvas Guide ; the Volunteer Principles on the new app are just beautiful. 
 A world away from the USA we  today from home in  awesome swapping stories ; inspirations 
 I'm ready to host the kickoff!  
 Lovely way to spend a spend a Saturday afternoon with neighbors.  
 Brunch with Bernie in Bothell!  
 were gonna win  
 Nosotros sentimos el Bern!   
  
 Super excited to have so many people at my home in Pittsburgh to  
 Hosted an event today and some very nice people joined in. Here for the    h…
Everyone, regardless of sexuality or gender identity, must be guaranteed equal protection under the law. The Supreme Court must protect those rights, and we must end discrimination in all its forms. 
 I crashed a house party.  
  
 Meeting with like-minded citizens in the West Village for the  event. Not Me, Us! 
Are you hosting or attending a Bernie 2020 Organizing Kickoff event today? Post your photos and videos with  to show how our movement is bringing people into the political process all across the country.
"With these hands, we will have Medicare for all. With these hands, we will have college for all... and with these hands, we will elect Senator Bernie Sanders as the next president of the United States."   
   / Bring your communities into the political process. Get everyone you know registered to vo…
We saw some really good results in 2018 in terms of voter turnout. About half the American people voted. That's good for a midterm election. But you know what? We need the rest—we need to bring all Americans into the political process. 
I may not be a great mathematician, but I did learn in elementary school that 99% is a hell of a lot more than 1%. 
The only way we bring about the change that this country needs is when millions of people stand up and demand it. That's the only way that change ever takes place. 
 Ahead of the national  day of over 4500 local parties, we're leaking the  field plan.Our…
 We're live!  
The next phase of our campaign to defeat Trump starts now! We're launching our nationwide organizing effort to bring millions of people into the political process, win the election and transform America.  
 I’m incredibly excited and proud that we are launching our campaign with thousands of volunteers— with hundreds of hosts org…
 Get your groceries. Get your friends. Get to your local party - nearly 70 options in Iowa! Get organized with Bernie!!
 There are over 4,500 parties planned all over the country TOMORROW! People are coming together to build a better world.…
 There are over 4,500 parties planned all over the country Saturday 4/27! I’ll b at one. Together we can build a better worl…
This is what a political revolution looks like.Today, more than 4,700 events are taking place all across the country to kick off the next phase of our campaign and bring more people into the political process.I hope you'll join us:   
 I’m looking forward to joining some Berniecrats in Arlington, VA. Today is the day baby. Let’s do this! Click the link and…
TOMORROW: Join our unprecedented grassroots effort to take on the powerful special interests and billionaire class. There are more than 4,700 Bernie 2020 Organizing Kickoffs happening across the country on Saturday. Find one near you:  
"One of the things I love most about Bernie is Bernie will tell you how he feels regardless of what the polls say... And Bernie believes in the right to vote."  
To those who want to divide us up: No, we’re not going to hate Muslims. We are going to stand up to demagogues and build a nation based on love, not division. 
Our message is resonating with a diverse coalition of people from all walks of life and all over the country. That's what a political revolution looks like. Episode 3 of  is live now. Listen and subscribe:  
 "Even if Trump’s former campaign manager and personal lawyer end up in jail, they should still be able to vote – regardle…
 Tomorrow is the organizing kickoff and there are events being held across the country!This is a great opport…
If Donald Trump and Mike Pence actually believed in freedom, they would stop working overtime to suppress Americans' right to vote. 
Many Republican voters are realizing that Trump is a fraud and he lied to the American people. Our message to Trump: you're not going to get away with your lies any longer. We will defeat you. 
Together we must send the strongest message possible that we are the best campaign to defeat Donald Trump and transform this country. Are you in? Join one of 4,700 events tomorrow and help us start organizing to win this election.  
I applaud the Democratic and Republican lawmakers who are supporting this bill. It is a good start and I support it. Voting is an inalienable right and should never be taken away. 
This is very good news for the people of Kansas. The right to a safe and legal abortion must not be taken away by extremist politicians. We must continue to protect and expand reproductive rights all over the country. 
Gerrymandering and other cowardly forms of voter suppression have no place in a democracy. When we are in the White House we are going to protect American democracy by ending voter suppression and gerrymandering across the country. 
Our job: rebuild, expand and strengthen the trade union movement across this country. I applaud Illinois for taking this huge step to protect workers. On the federal level we must pass my Workplace Democracy Act and end right-to-work laws nationwide. 
Content Warning: abuse, suicide.The truth is that mental health issues are a major crisis, which is why we need Medicare for All to provide comprehensive coverage to all Americans. 
 Walking through a park in Fort Worth, stops and takes questions from students in town for a science confer…
Donald Trump is the most dangerous president in the modern history of our country and he must be defeated; therefore I am proud to take the  Let's commit to having a serious debate about ideas to lift up all Americans. 
I've been criticized for saying this, so let me say it again: Every American citizen should have the right to vote, even if they are in jail. 
We will build a government that works for all of our people. Join us live in Fort Worth: 
The New York Times reported that “Stop Sanders” interest groups are already plotting against our campaign. But what they don’t realize is the strength of this campaign is not one person - it’s all of us.Make a contribution to our campaign to help us fight back.
The New York Times reported that “Stop Sanders” interest groups are already plotting against our campaign. But what they don’t realize is the strength of this campaign is not one person - it’s all of us.Make a contribution to our campaign to help us fight back.
Donald Trump betrayed working people in Wisconsin. Our message to President Trump as he visits Green Bay: you're not going to get away with your lies any longer. We'll defeat you and protect American jobs. 
Five years ago the  began. Since then, thousands of lives have been destroyed. We must root out institutional racism everywhere it exists, provide the resources Flint needs to recover and hold those responsible accountable for their actions.
The New York Times reported that “Stop Sanders” interest groups are already plotting against our campaign. But what they don’t realize is the strength of this campaign is not one person - it’s all of us.Make a contribution to our campaign to help us fight back.
The New York Times reported that “Stop Sanders” interest groups are already plotting against our campaign. But what they don’t realize is the strength of this campaign is not one person - it’s all of us.Make a contribution to our campaign to help us fight back.
Young people are the most progressive generation in history. Your generation is anti-racist, anti-sexist and anti-religious bigotry. You should be very proud of that, and you should not be afraid to think big. 
Dr. has a message: you're invited to the party on April 27. Find one near you at   
 Many felony disenfranchisement laws were passed during the Jim Crow era with the intent to bar minorities from voting.As of 201…
Enough with the racist and unconstitutional efforts to deny people the right to vote. If you are an American citizen you must be able to vote. End of discussion. 
  has been fighting for all of us for decades. He would stand up when it wasn’t comfortable or popular - he was…
Together we will take our democracy back from the billionaire class. Join us live in Houston: 
  on the sexual violence epidemic: “Every woman should feel safe in the workplace and on campus. And all r…
 El senador dice que " es un presidente cobarde y autoritario" y promete acabar con el racismo que,…
 “It is absolutely appropriate to say in the constitution that women are equal. End of story. comes out in…
More than 30 countries around the world today such as Canada, South Africa and Finland allow prisoners to vote. This is not a radical idea.Every American citizen must be able to vote. Period.
We need a president who will treat soaring drug costs as the national emergency it is—unlike Trump, who continues to let drug companies' greed kill Americans.When we are in the White House we will lower prescription drug prices by half.
More than a third of American airport workers are paid less than $15 an hour.The people keeping our airports running should not have to sleep in their cars and struggle to put food on the table.Add your name to stand with airport workers:  
The Boomer generation needed just 306 hours of minimum wage work to pay for four years of public college.Millennials need 4,459.The economy today is rigged against working people and young people. That is what we are going to change.
 Why is Trump so unsettled by One reason is that Trump knows Sanders can win Wisconsin. It is not just…
"Bernie is the best candidate to take on Trump because he's the complete opposite." –Maria Bribriesco 
 I heard that same thing This new episode is 🔥🔥🔥.  baby! Tune in.  
See here for a transcript of the episode: 
Episode 3 of  is now live. Hear more about our movement for justice from voices like and more. Listen and subscribe:iTunes: Spotify: SoundCloud:  
Trump promised to protect American jobs. He lied, and workers across Green Bay and the Fox Valley have lost their jobs. When we are in the White House, we will end the corporate greed behind the Shopko closures, Kimberly-Clark layoffs and Foxconn scam. 
South Carolina has a higher incarceration rate than any country on Earth. African Americans are 27% of the state population but 60% of the prison population. Our racist criminal justice system disenfranchises millions. This is quite simply voter suppression. 
Young people are the most progressive generation in history. If young people voted at the same percentage as older people, they could transform this country.  
The United States, under a Sanders presidency, will lead the world in transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels, create millions of jobs, and create a less polluting society. That is something in which we have no choice.  
At the end of the day it's unacceptable for corporations like Amazon and GM, and billionaires like the Koch brothers, to get huge tax breaks.We need a fair, progressive tax system to help raise the revenue we need for policies that will help working families.  
Wall Street was bailed out by Congress to the tune of at least $1 trillion. Don’t tell me we don't have enough money in this country to substantially reduce student debt. 
What democratic socialism means is that in a civilized society, health care is a human right. That every young person in this country—regardless of income—has the right to get an education. It means government serves all people, not just wealthy campaign donors. 
Republican governors all over this country are doing everything they can to make it harder for people of color, young people, and poor people to vote. I will do everything I can to resist that.  
We need a new trade policy that creates decent-paying jobs in America and ends the global race to the bottom. Corporate America cannot continue to throw American workers out on the street while they outsource our jobs and enjoy record-breaking profits. 
The function of our current health care system is not to provide quality care for all in a cost-effective way. The function of our current system is to make billions of dollars for the health insurance companies and the drug companies. 
Starting soon: tune in at 9 p.m. ET to watch our CNN town hall in New Hampshire.  
The cowardly effort to prevent New Hampshire students from voting is an attack on democracy and must not stand. Thank you for standing with NH students.Our job: make it easier for all people—especially young people—to get involved in the political process. 
  to host a Town Hall with Senator Bernie Sanders, moderated by TONIGHT at 9pm ET in Manchester, New Hampshire.…
When future historians look back on our time I hope they will see how millions of people came together to take on the crisis of climate change. We will pass a Green New Deal, create millions of jobs and leave a livable planet for our children. 
This is what we mean when we say change always happens from the bottom on up, not the top on down. Congratulations to the 31,000 Stop and Shop workers on their hard-won contract. Together we will build an economy that works for all. 
Health care is not a commodity. It is a human right. And the goal of a sane health care system should be to keep people well, not to make stockholders rich. That is why we need Medicare for All.
Thank you, Together, we will take on the fossil fuel industry, build a movement of millions to combat climate change, and leave a healthy planet for future generations.  
 "This is bigger than just policy, energy, activism, and business. This is about the vision I’ve been carrying with me since…
If we're going to build a winning campaign and carry out our vision for economic, social, racial, and environmental justice, I am going to need your help. Sign up to attend an organizing event on April 27 and help us grow this movement: 
Our hearts go out to the victims and families of the horrific attacks in Sri Lanka. No person should have to fear for their life in their place of worship. We must work to bring this world together around our common humanity.
Next Saturday, April 27 is the day our campaign begins the work of organizing to win this election. Have you signed up yet to attend an event in your neighborhood? Find one near you at  
When we are in the White House, we will move aggressively to end the epidemic of gun violence in this country and pass the common sense gun safety legislation that the overwhelming majority of Americans want. 
Twenty years later, our hearts are still with the  community. Now, as mass shootings have become an almost-everyday occurrence in America, we cannot lose our sense of outrage. We must stand up to the NRA and end our gun violence epidemic.
I’m running for president to restore the promise that every child, regardless of his or her background, has a right to a high-quality public education. When we are in the White House we will oppose the DeVos-style privatization of our nation’s schools.
A full-employment economy is not a radical idea. A federal job guarantee will lower the crime rate, improve mental health, and create a stronger sense of community. It will create a much healthier and happier America.
The trade union movement is the last line of defense against a corporate agenda that not only wants tax breaks for billionaires but wants to privatize Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. We must strengthen unions and bargaining rights of workers everywhere.
Medicare for all. College for all. A Green New Deal. Real criminal justice and immigration reform. A $15 minimum wage. These are no longer radical ideas. Our movement is stronger than ever and together we will turn those ideas into reality. 
Trump promised to fight for American workers. He lied. Americans deserve a president who will. 
Corporate and political elites consolidate more and more wealth while the middle class shrinks, then spend millions to elect right-wing politicians and pass policies that will protect their power and slash their taxes.That is what we're up against and why we fight for justice.
When we are in the White House we will attack the problem of gentrification and rising rents in America. We need a massive effort to build the affordable housing this country desperately needs, and that's an effort I intend to lead. 
 Bernie Sanders offers affordable housing solutions at Greenville SC forum 
  had to move his South Carolina event indoors due to bad weather, so he addressed an overflow crowd outsid…
More than 4 in 5 American Indian and Alaska Native women have experienced violence, and more than 1 in 2 have experienced sexual violence. They deserve justice now. We must reauthorize and expand the Violence Against Women Act.
 Today, the staff union of the presidential campaign took a moment to show their support for Stop ; Shop workers…
I am honored to be endorsed by South Carolina State Reps. Shedron Williams and Wendell Gilliard. Thank you all for joining me in this fight. 
Our government will be based on justice. Join us live as we build our movement in Greenville, SC: 
Nearly 7 in 10 Americans—and a majority of both Republicans and Democrats—support marijuana legalization.The American people agree. It is time our federal government listens. We must end the criminalization of marijuana in this country.
The problems we face go much deeper than what one person or one election can fix.Our campaign is about building a movement of people to take on the powerful forces of greed, racism and authoritarianism.That is how we will not only defeat Trump but create an America for all.
As the richest country in history we shouldn't have millions in poverty. Join us in South Carolina: 
Join our campaign in Greenville, SC today at The Peace Center as we continue building our movement to make health care a right and demand justice for all.  
These CEOs make 1,000 times more than their employees:-Arthur Peck, Gap-Ynon Kreiz, Mattel-Joseph Hogan, Align Technology-Kevin Clark, Aptiv-Brian Niccol, Chipotle-David Zaslav, Discovery-Bob Iger, DisneyThis level of inequality is a threat to our economy and democracy.
 “The backing represents the biggest number of black lawmakers to back a 2020 hopeful to date in this state, which holds the…
We must recognize climate change for what it is: an international crisis that threatens humanity.We must also see this moment as an opportunity: we can create millions of jobs and revitalize our economy by passing a Green New Deal.
Under Medicare for All, Americans will no longer have to worry about:-Networks-Premiums-Deductibles-Copays-Surprise bills-Losing coverageWe are going to end the greed of insurance companies and put patients first.
 I'm honored to be on  for work in  Thanks to and for the kind profile. Mos…
 reported a $3 billion profit for 2018 and paid its CEO more than $9 million. Its tax rate? -10.3%.When we're in the White House, we'll make corporations pay their fair share of taxes, and break up agribusiness monopolies that are squeezing farmers and communities. 
We had 110,000 fewer teachers than needed in the last school year, and every state started the last school year with teacher shortages. We must invest in our teachers and students.Please read my friend speech on this important issue:
For the first time of our 2020 campaign we are heading to Texas! Join us next Wednesday, April 24, for a rally in Houston. See here for more info and to RSVP: 
The CEO of GM made $21 million in compensation last year—281 times what their average worker makes. GM pays nothing in federal income taxes.Meanwhile, GM is closing two Michigan plants and outsourcing American jobs.When we are in the White House this corporate greed will end.
Siemens has received about $725 million in federal contracts over the last 2 years.Now Siemens is shipping American jobs overseas.Our message to Siemens: we are going to end your greed when we are in the White House. 
We must invest in jobs and education, not jails and incarceration. Join us in Spartanburg, SC: 
As long as private health insurance companies are allowed to make as much money as they want, our health care system will not work. We need Medicare for All. 
"There was a gentleman sitting beside me today that was kind of on the fence about Bernie, and it totally changed his mind when he saw what Bernie stands for." –Kelly Street 
We must also work to do everything we can to protect our future elections from the significant threat of foreign interference, and I call on President Trump and Republican leadership to stop obstructing the necessary work to protect our democracy.
It is clear that Donald Trump wanted nothing more than to shut down the Mueller investigation. While we have more detail from today's report than before, Congress must continue its investigation into Trump's conduct and any foreign attempts to influence our election.
No one in the richest country in the history of the world should die because they can't afford health care.  
South Carolina spent $11,552 on average per student, last year.They spent $21,756 on average per prison inmate.That is a disgrace. If I am elected president, we will invest in jobs and education, not more jails and incarceration. 
The average HBCU graduate has $29,000 in student debt.It's time to fully fund HBCUs, reduce the outrageous burden of student debt weighing down the lives of millions of Americans and ensure everyone can get a higher education regardless of their family's income.
 Medicare for All is really the only thing that can ensure you’ll never lose or switch your insurance again. 
We live in the only industrialized nation where health care workers owe medical debt to the hospitals they work for. I'm proud to stand with workers at the University Pittsburgh Medical Center and across the nation in their fight for a strong union. 
Some of the wealthiest members of the political establishment are hiding behind closed doors, plotting how to defeat our political revolution.Let's respond in a way they are sure to understand. Chip in now to our campaign:  
Some politicians still say a $15 minimum wage is "too radical."Here's what's radical: in the wealthiest country in the world 40 million people live in poverty and 40% of our people can't afford basic needs.That's unacceptable, and it's why we must guarantee a living wage.
We are a nation of immigrants. I am proud to be the son of an immigrant. We must establish a humane immigration policy that stops the demonization and criminalization of communities of color and keeps families together while we push for comprehensive immigration reform.
 Sen. challenged Trump to release his tax returns and made a strong case for Medicare for All on *checks not…
At least 2 million workers and their families lose or change health insurance plans every month.American workers have 12 jobs on average before age 50.Medicare for All means stability. It means never worrying if you will lose your health insurance if you lose your job.
Looks like President Trump is scared of our campaign. He should be.
Like too many Americans, one of my own campaign staffers had to ration her insulin due to inadequate health care coverage. Listen to Episode 2 of Hear The Bern, and help us spread the message of why we must make health care a right:  
When we talk about “democratic socialism,” we’re talking about making sure everybody can live with dignity in the richest country on Earth. That means making sure everyone has the basic necessities of life: decent housing, good health care, good education and a good retirement.
Insurance companies, drug companies and Republican leaders continue to spread lies about what it means to have universal health care.Hear directly from these women around the world about what it's really like to live in a country where health care is a right: 
 Bernie Sanders spent more than 2 minutes of his Fox News town hall to defend Medicare for All and attack Trump’s Medicare pla…
What do these corporations have in common?AmazonChevronDeereDeltaDuke EnergyEli LillyGannettGeneral MotorsGoodyearHoneywellJetBlueKinder MorganMGM ResortsNetflixPrudential FinancialWhirlpoolAnswer: they all paid nothing in federal income taxes.
 If you like hearing me debunk anti-Medicare for All talking points, you must tune into the latest episode of 
Big surprise: the Trump administration is lying about Medicare for All to protect insurance industry profits. We debunked a few of their outrageous myths: 
Donald Trump and his friends want to divide us up based on the color of our skin, our gender, where we were born, our religion and our sexual orientation. We're going to do exactly the opposite. 
Fox News tried to prove that people like our dysfunctional, profit-driven health care system. But they couldn't hide the truth: the American people want Medicare for All. 
I've got four kids and seven beautiful grandkids. I refuse to leave them a planet that is not healthy and habitable. We've got to take on the fossil fuel industry and pass a Green New Deal. 
American doctors understand that our profit-driven health care system is hurting patients. We must pass Medicare for All and end the greed of insurance companies. 
Thank you for supporting a fair, policy-based Democratic presidential primary process. 
Should we raise the minimum wage to a living wage? Yes!Should we rebuild our crumbling infrastructure? Yes!Should we ensure veterans get health care they earned? Yes!Should we protect Social Security and Medicare? Yes!A majority of the American people agree.  
 tonight you have the opportunity to do something extraordinary: Sign the resolution ending U.S. support for the catastrophic Saudi-led war in Yemen.  
No, Donald Trump. Climate change is not a hoax.We have a moral responsibility to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels to protect this planet and create millions of good jobs. 
We don't need to demonize immigrants. We must welcome people who are fleeing violence and pass comprehensive immigration reform. 
Our trade deals were written by large multinational corporations for multinational corporations. Trade is a good thing. But we need a trade policy that works for working families, not just large corporations. 
Whether you are poor or rich you have the right to get the education you need. That is why we must make public colleges and universities tuition-free. 
Raise your hand if you're sick and tired of your private health insurance company. We need Medicare for All.  
I want everybody in this country to have health care, education and drinkable water, not toxic water. We are fighting for a society where everyone can live with dignity and security.  
Democratic socialism is about creating a government and economy that work for all Americans, not just the top 1%.  
I disagree with Donald Trump on virtually every issue. But what upsets me the most, is that whether you are progressive or moderate or conservative, I don’t think the American people are proud that our president is a pathological liar. 
I just released 10 years of taxes. please do the same. 
 It’s an honor to be National Campaign Co-Chair for and on April 16th, I will be sitting down to answer your qu…
On this  let's remember that Trump’s tax policies will raise taxes on millions of working people, while giving $4 billion in tax rebates to Fortune 500 companies and continuing to allow profitable companies like Amazon and Chevron to pay zero in federal income taxes.
The time is long overdue for the U.S. government to stand with rural America. We need policies for rural America that represent the needs of working people and farmers, not agri-business and multi-national corporations. 
Trump said that he would stop the pharmaceutical companies' greed.Well, during the first half of last year, there were 96 drug price increases for every price cut.We will defeat Trump and do what he won't: bring real relief to Americans who can't afford their medicine.
49% of all new income goes to the top 1%.Meanwhile millions of Americans are forced to work 2 or 3 jobs just to survive.And over half of our people live paycheck to paycheck.That is not justice.
Trump said he would stop Wall Street from "getting away with murder” and re-instate Glass-Steagall. Then he signed a law to deregulate Wall Street and give big financial institutions a massive tax cut.What our campaign is about is ending Wall Street's greed, not enabling it.
 Pittsburgh la cosa se pone buena.  Pittsburgh aqui con  y 
 It was supposed to be raining and people weren’t going to come out for today’s rally. But the sun is out and so are the p…
Together we will build a nation based on justice, not hatred and greed. Join us live in Pittsburgh: 
 Llueve, truene o relampaguee, seguimos pa’lante con en Schenley Plaza hoy a las 4:55 pm
I say to tell General Motors if they want to receive another government contract they need to reopen plants in Lordstown, Ohio, and other parts of the country where American workers have seen their jobs eliminated.
If corporations like GM think we will allow them to throw American workers out on the streets and outsource jobs to Mexico to pay $2 an hour, then line up to get millions in federal contracts, they have another guess coming. Not going to happen!
We must end corporate greed in this country which is leaving working people behind, and we must rebuild the trade union movement in America. Join us live from Lordstown, OH:  
 Donald Trump didn't show up for the people of Lordstown when they were losing jobs. But did. - 
 I'm in Lordstown, OH. and I will be having a townhall with local AFT members and the community on the effec…
 Beyond excited to have at our Union Hall today.  Senator Sanders spoke about issues affect…
 "It is not acceptable to me that Black families own 1/10th of the wealth than White families... that redlining in housin…
I challenge Donald Trump: keep your damn campaign promises. Go back to the drawing board on NAFTA. Don’t send this treaty to Congress until it includes strong and swift enforcement mechanisms to raise wages and prevent corporations from outsourcing American jobs to Mexico.
  in Warren, Mich., on his four-day tour through this state along with Indiana, Ohio, and PA. “I guess you…
 "In Detroit, when we come up, we bring our community with us. Our community is vast and inclusive. Let's live together,…
Together we will fight for the extraordinary future our people deserve. Join us live in Michigan: 
At a moment in history in which we have seen an explosion in technology and huge increases in worker productivity, we will no longer accept a situation in which our younger generation will likely have a lower standard of living than their parents.
 Bernie Sanders opens up his remarks at a union meeting by telling Michigan workers that Donald Trump is a "liar" who mad…
 Sanders at union hall in (county Trump won by 30 pts) Michigan — “I’m here for one reason,” he says, to defeat Trump in 202…
 is not just a piece of health care legislation. It is a struggle for the soul of who we are as a nation. We will be opposed by some of the most powerful forces in our country — together, we are going to defeat them and guarantee health care as a human right.
Before he was elected, Trump said that he would stand with the working class of our country, that he was on their side and that he would take on powerful special interests to protect working families.What a monstrous lie that was.
We’ve had enough disasters by now to learn that there’s no such thing as safe drilling. We cannot afford to keep putting profits for Trump's friends in the fossil fuel industry ahead of the environment and the health of the American people. 
Ilhan Omar is a leader with strength and courage. She won't back down to Trump's racism and hate, and neither will we. The disgusting and dangerous attacks against her must end.
The bottom line: we need a government and a president to represent all of us. Join us in Madison! 
Amazon made $10,835,000,000 last year. Its effective federal tax rate was -1%. Delta made $5,073,000,000. Its effective tax rate was -4%. Our rigged tax code has essentially legalized tax dodging for large corporations.
I’m very much looking forward to seeing my friends in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania this weekend as we work to build a government to represent all of our people, not just wealthy campaign contributors. 
Our message to Steve Nelson and UnitedHealthcare is simple: When we are in the White House your greed is going to end. We will end the disgrace of millions of people being denied health care while a single company earns $226 billion and its CEO makes $7.5 million in compensation. 
We did it! The grassroots movement has made 1 millions donations and counting to the Bernie Sanders presidential campaign. This is how we're going to defeat Donald Trump and transform this country. 
It makes zero sense that we allow profit-driven health insurance companies to dictate the health care patients receive. is right. We need Medicare for All. 
I don't often talk about myself, but I think it's important that you know why I became involved in the civil rights movement, the labor movement, the peace movement and electoral politics – experiences that shaped my life. 
Medicare for All is an issue of civil rights. We cannot achieve justice when so many people are sick or dying without the care they need. 
 What does a movement look like?Answer: Thank you to all the wonderful supporters of
We are about to take our next big step toward creating the largest grassroots movement in the history of our country with almost 4,000 organizing parties in all 50 states, D.C. and Puerto Rico. Join  on April 27:  
Under Trump's "middle class tax cut," at least 60 profitable Fortune 500 companies paid $0 in federal income taxes.Let me say that again—Amazon, Netflix, Eli Lilly, Chevron and other massive corporations effectively paid nothing in federal taxes.That's a national disgrace.
 a multibillion-dollar company, wants to drastically cut health care for 31,000 workers. I stand with workers in their fight to protect health care and workers' rights. 
Iowa is already facing floods made worse by climate change. We cannot afford to wait. We must pass a Green New Deal and boldly combat climate change. 
What I said in 1990 is true today: there is no reason why the United States of America, the wealthiest country in the history of the world, cannot make health care a right. All it takes is the political will. 
Another victory for the union movement in America. Congratulations to the New York State Nurses Association on their agreement with three major hospital systems. When workers stand together there is nothing they can't accomplish. 
Doctors are tired of seeing private insurance companies deny coverage to their patients. Under  that disgrace will end, and Americans will get the care they need—regardless of whether it's profitable for insurance companies. 
This is horrifying. Access to safe and legal abortion is a constitutional right, not a crime. These relentless attacks on women’s rights by extremist politicians must be stopped. 
Health care is not a commodity. It is a human right.  
Every other major country has made health care a right for all. Anyone who says the United States cannot do the same is selling the American people short.  
Big surprise: health insurance and drug companies don't like  They want to continue making billions in profits off of a dysfunctional system that leaves millions of Americans without care.To them we say: we will end your greed and make health care a right.
1 in 4 Americans skip treatment due to the cost.1 in 5 can’t afford their medicine.34 million are uninsured.And we still spend twice as much per capita on health care than any other country. is a moral and economic necessity.
In the richest country in the world, when you are sick, you should be able to see a doctor. If your child needs to go to the hospital, you should not end up in bankruptcy. That is not a radical idea. It is an issue of basic justice. 
"Hear the Bern" is a podcast where you'll not only hear from Bernie himself, but from the people who are helping to build this movement behind the scenes—campaign staffers, surrogates, union leaders, teachers, nurses and working Americans. Subscribe now: 
We cannot accept our younger generation having a lower standard of living than their parents, but that is where we are headed.I have 4 kids and 7 grandchildren. Downward mobility is not acceptable to me, and it's not acceptable to the American people.
It is unacceptable that Donald Trump has awarded over $50 billion in lucrative government contracts to some of the biggest outsourcers in America. We need to be awarding contracts to companies that are creating jobs in America, not sending them abroad.
I think I just found my running mate. 
Introducing our new podcast, "Hear the Bern," hosted by Hear all about the people, stories and ideas that are driving this political revolution. Episode 1 is live on Spotify, Google Play and iTunes. Tune in!  
What the billionaire class understands is that if they can destroy the trade union movement in America, there is nothing to stop them in their never-ending quest to have it all.If we work together, that is a fight that they are going to lose.
Corporate America and the billionaire class have been waging a 40-year war against the trade union movement in America. That is not a war they are going to win. We will expand and strengthen the trade union movement. 
I stand with AAUP-AFT Rutgers professors who are prepared to strike in order to defend affordable, quality higher education. When we organize and stand together, we win.  
 This this this. After the  American announced $2B in stock buybacks, the CEO took home over $19M. Thank you
Each day since the Trump tax cut was signed into law, the average billionaire in America has seen a $33 million increase in wealth, while the average worker got an extra bonus of just 24 cents.When we talk about a rigged economy that is exactly what we are talking about.
 The bold course that  has charted when it comes to union solidarity is a very big deal.It has the po…
We need elected officials and candidates at every level to get serious about forcefully speaking out for unions. It’s not good enough for candidates to say they like “workers” or the “middle class.” We need to specifically and explicitly support trade UNIONS.
President Trump, get your act together. Try to tell the truth for once. 
Anyone who understands American history knows that it was the trade union movement that built the middle class in this country—and it is the trade union movement that is going to rebuild the disappearing middle class in America once again.
 Senator takes the stage at  saying “it is the trade union movement in this country who cr…
Meanwhile, one in four Americans skip health care they need because they can't afford it.Our health care system today is fundamentally immoral and that is why we must pass Medicare for All. 
Another horrific attack in the Saudi-led war in Yemen. More children dead. President Trump, I urge you to sign the resolution Congress passed last week ending U.S. support for this conflict. Yemen needs humanitarian aid, not more bombs. 
 The city of Malcom, IA has a population of 287. 230 showed up for town hall. 
Join our town meeting in Malcom, Iowa! 
It’s absurd that we have to say this in America in 2019: When you turn on the tap in your home, whether it's in Vermont or Iowa or Flint, Michigan, you have a right to expect that the water coming out is clean.
 Senator taking us to the church of change this morning in Oskaloosa, Iowa with  ht…
 Full balcony, full house in Oskaloosa, Iowa. Iowa is turning out big this weekend for  
We will no longer tolerate the situation in which the wealthy and large corporations stash billions in tax havens throughout the world. You cannot be an American company only when it is convenient.
Join our town meeting in Oskaloosa, Iowa! 
We're going to invest in affordable housing, in public education, in rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure — NOT more nuclear weapons and never-ending wars.
 "You’re paying a price, you committed a crime, you’re in jail. That's bad," Bernie Sanders said. "But you’re still living in A…
If we stand together, this country can have an extraordinary future. Join us in Fairfield, Iowa! 
Have we made progress in civil rights in this country? No question. But do we still have a very long way to go to end the institutional racism which permeates almost every aspect of our society? Absolutely. Together, we are going to put an end to that. 
I’ve said it before and I will say it again: climate change is a threat to our national security. We need a commander in chief who understands that, not one who thinks it is a Chinese hoax. 
This is a real national emergency. 
African Americans often face higher interest rates on loans and mortgages than others with a similar credit score, and black small businesses are unable to get the affordable credit they need to grow and expand. Together, we will end redlining in the financial services industry.
There is a global struggle taking place of enormous consequence. Right-wing authoritarians backed by a network of multi-billionaire oligarchs are forming a common front. We who believe in democracy must join together to build a progressive global order based on human solidarity.
  stops by the Apollo Theater to honor Harry BelafonteThis was a tremendous event! Thank you 
When we are in the White House, we are going to have a zero-tolerance policy for police brutality.And we are going to fundamentally reform a criminal justice system that gives bailouts to bankers and jail sentences to non-violent drug offenders.
President Trump, a self-described “stable genius,” has determined that wind turbines cause cancer. Congratulations to Trump for being the first person in the world to reach that conclusion! 
Health care must be a right—not a way for insurance companies to profit. Join us live in Davenport, Iowa, as we continue the political revolution! 
Bernie Rallies Supporters in Davenport, Iowa 
This is a disappointing setback for voting rights in Iowa. We must continue fighting for all felons to regain their constitutional rights after they have paid their debt to society.Join me in Davenport tonight as we build our movement based on justice:  
We must expose Donald Trump as the fraud and the liar that he is. 
We are going to fundamentally reform a criminal justice system that gives bailouts to bankers and jail sentences to non-violent drug offenders.
If you are 18 in this country, you should be automatically registered to vote. End of discussion.
The racial wealth gap exists because slavery, segregation, Jim Crow and predatory lending stole wealth from African Americans. That racial wealth gap must be repaired, and institutional racism must be rooted out wherever it exists.
We have a president who is a racist, a sexist, a bigot and a homophobe. I wish I didn't have to say that, but it is the damn truth. And we have to say it.
We must take on racial disparities in America.-The infant mortality rate in black communities is more 2x the rate for white communities-Death rates from cancer are far higher for black Americans-Black women are more than 3x as likely to die from pregnancy than white women
18 years. $6 trillion spent. Thousands of lives lost in the War on Terror. We need a serious national discussion over how and when our country uses its military. I hope Congress’ historic vote on Yemen this week will begin that process. 
 TONIGHT: 2020 Democratic presidential candidate is here!📸: 
Today, Congress made history and reclaimed its constitutional authority over matters of war and peace. 
 TONIGHT: is here! 
For the first time in our history, a War Powers Resolution passed the House and Senate and made it to the president’s desk. Finally, the U.S. Congress has reclaimed its constitutional authority over matters of war and peace. 
Please never forget where Dr. King was when he was shot 51 years ago: in Memphis to stand with exploited sanitation workers. He was killed while fighting for a country where every person is able to live a life with dignity. That is the mission we must carry every day. 
What Trump thinks causes cancer vs. What actually causes cancerIf we're going to save American lives and the planet we must reject Trump's lies, end fracking and rapidly transition to renewable energy. 
Today has the potential to be a historic day. The House will vote on our War Powers Resolution to end the United States' unconstitutional support for the catastrophic war in Yemen.We must send a message to Trump: it's Congress—not the President—who has the power to declare war.
The great political crisis we face is not voter fraud, which is virtually nonexistent. The crisis we face is voter suppression. Our movement is about ending voter suppression, restoring the Voting Rights Act and implementing automatic voter registration.
The right wing in this country is waging a war against women, but let me be very clear: This is not a war we are going to allow them to win. We are not going to retreat on women’s rights — we are going to expand them.
Those who oppose Medicare for All need to explain why our failed current system should be allowed to continue bankrupting the American people. 
UnitedHealth's CEO was paid more than $83 million in a single year. Now UnitedHealth is throwing 425,000 Iowans off their Medicaid coverage. This is unacceptable. Join us in Davenport on Friday to rally for Medicare for All. 
Wall Street bankers made more in bonuses last year than 3x the earnings of ALL full-time workers making the federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour.We don’t need austerity for working families. We need austerity for the 1% and multinational corporations.
1 million volunteers signed up.$18.2 million raised.900,000 individual contributions.That's the strength of our movement so far. Help us keep the momentum! Sign up to host an Organizing Kickoff event on April 27.  
If there's ever been a time in our history when people must stand together in the fight for justice—now is that time. If we are organized, we will win. Add your name to say you’re willing to host an Organizing Kickoff event on April 27.  
What we are seeing across the country is a war being waged against working people. Together that is a fight we will win. I was proud to stand with striking workers at UCLA. 
The way we beat Trump – who to my mind is the most dangerous president we’ve had in modern American history – is through a massive grassroots effort which demands we have a government and economy that works for all of us, not just those at the top.
Today LGBTQ people are more than 4.5% of our population but only hold 0.1% of elected offices. We must support the LGBTQ community in achieving the representation they deserve. Consider a run or nominate your friends at  
65 million Americans didn't seek treatment for a health issue last year due to cost.Nearly half are concerned a major health event would bankrupt them.If that's not an indictment of our profit-driven health care system then I don't know what is. We need Medicare for All now.
This is a lie. Puerto Rico has not received $91 billion in aid.Leaders like have fought for Puerto Ricans. President Trump abandoned them.We will do everything we can to rebuild the island and help Puerto Ricans who are still suffering after Hurricane Maria. 
  Prescription Drug Price Relief Act would lower the price of drugs by about 50% by pegging US drug prices…
An incredible 525,000 people have already contributed to our campaign.The most common profession? Teachers. The average donation? Just $20.This campaign is about all of us—not billionaire donors and Super PACs.
Women on average make just 80 cents for every dollar a man is paid, and it’s even lower for women of color:-61 cents for Black women-57 cents for Native women-53 cents for Latina womenEqual pay for equal work is an issue of basic justice. 
 believes his father would be alive today if we had Medicare for All. Enough! No one should die because they can't afford health care. We need Medicare for All. 
Real change always takes place from the bottom on up, not the top on down. We are building an unprecedented coalition to not only defeat Trump but transform the country into one that works for all people.Thank you to all who are a part of this movement. Let's keep going. 
The American people want to protect the young people in the DACA program and to move toward comprehensive immigration reform for the more than 11 million people in our country who are undocumented. And that’s exactly what we should do.
Medicare for All will end the atrocity of a profit-driven health care system in which thousands die because they can't afford care.Donald Trump wants to protect insurance company profits over American lives. Mr. Trump, we will defeat you in 2020. We'll make health care a right. 
We all want our children to grow up healthy, to have a good education, have decent jobs, drink clean water and breathe clean air, and to live in peace. Our job: build on that common humanity and do everything that we can to oppose all of the forces that try to divide us up.
While hundreds of millions of people live in abysmal poverty, arms merchants grow increasingly rich as governments spend trillions on weapons of destruction. We must offer a vision of a world where international conflicts will be resolved peacefully, not by mass murder.
I don’t accept the hypocrisy of my Republican colleagues who want a “limited government” except when it comes to the right of a woman to control her own body.
 When workers are earning decent wages it not only impacts them, but their communities. That’s why company’s like Amazon need to p…
  responds: “That decision should be the decision of the woman — not the federal, state, or local government.” 💯 
Speaking now at the  Summit. Watch live here: 
 THIS WEEK: and stop by! 
How do we have trillions of dollars to spend on endless wars, but we don’t have the money for education and health care? How do we have money for tax breaks for billionaires, but not to feed hungry children? Together we are going to change those priorities.
This is the front group for the insurance and drug industries. They are desperate to protect their profits, so they are going to lie to Americans. This is what we're up against. Here’s the truth: Medicare for All would save Americans money. 
My last ask before the fundraising deadline at midnight: We have a chance to send an unmistakable message about the size and strength of our campaign to the political establishment of this country. Let's make it happen.Not me. Us. 
 We have the opportunity to continue to fuel the people-powered campaign of Help our campaign reach the 1 mi…
This is it. We have less than three hours left until our fundraising deadline. Will you join me in showing the political establishment and powerful special interests that we're ready to take them on and win? Chip in before midnight: 
I just heard — we’re short of our fundraising goal for tonight’s deadline. Let’s send the billionaire class a powerful message. Chip in before midnight tonight, then phone a friend and ask them to do the same.  
If I am elected president, we will lower prescription drug costs in this country by half. 
Today we stand with the transgender community—as we must every day—to say discrimination and hate toward trans Americans have no place in our society. Civil rights means equal rights and dignity for all trans people. 
The insurance companies, the drug companies, the fossil fuel industry, the NRA, the private prison companies, Wall Street and the billionaire class want us to fail.We have less than 12 hours left to send a message that we will not back down. Chip in now: 
Trump’s idea for health care: throw 32 million people off health insurance and remove protections for people with pre-existing conditions.My idea is a little bit different. We should guarantee health care as a right to ALL and end our disgraceful, profit-driven system.
A few months ago Sears gave executives over $25 million in bonuses.Now the company says it's ending life insurance benefits that were promised to thousands of retirees.This is the kind of corporate greed that is destroying the social fabric of America. 
 When said in a 2016 debate that climate change was a threat to national security, this is what he meant. The…
Our message to Trump: we will not stand for hatred, greed and lies. We will defeat him and create a government based on justice. If you can, chip in before our fundraising deadline tonight to help make history and make sure Trump gets the message: 
 TODAY: don't miss Democratic presidential candidate Sen. I-Vt. 📺 On TV, the radio, and streaming onlin…
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: Trump is a pathological liar. One of his biggest lies of all was his claim that he would represent the interests of working people. He’s done exactly the opposite — and we will defeat him in 2020. 
The Republican idea of democracy is voter suppression, gerrymandering and allowing billionaires to buy elections. Our job is to restore our one person, one vote democracy, pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United and stop the slide to oligarchy.
In my view, we have a moral responsibility to make certain that no American goes hungry or sleeps out on the streets. Not only must we vigorously oppose Republican attacks on the poor, we must expand benefits for those in need.
It's a disgrace that thousands of Americans don't go to college because they can't afford it, or leave school with crushing debt.Our message to young people must be: You won't be punished for getting an education. We will make public colleges and universities tuition-free.
As we face a climate emergency, Donald Trump is using the presidency to help a foreign fossil fuel corporation unleash more carbon pollution. This huge gift to oil lobbyists is absolutely unacceptable. 
To everyone who is part of our political revolution: thank you for showing that our movement is still strong and growing. 
This is unconstitutional. Georgia lawmakers have betrayed their constituents. Now more than ever we must build a movement to defend abortion rights at the local, state and federal level. 
Our immigration system is profoundly broken. We must focus on comprehensive immigration reform and treating those seeking asylum with dignity—not spending billions on a wall.
Black women are three and a half times more likely to die from pregnancy than white women. As we work to make health care a right to all we must address the outrageous racial inequalities in our current health care system.
We set a goal of 1 million donations not because of what it says about me, but what it says about us—we're the best campaign to beat Trump and we're prepared to fight for Medicare for All, college for all and justice for all. Help us get there: 
I've run for office many times. I won some races and lost some. But I have never stopped and thought, "How can I make it harder for people who would vote against me to participate in our democracy?" That is what Republicans are doing today with their cowardly voter suppression.
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
Our first, official FEC fundraising deadline is about to come to a close. When it ends, we’re going to report not just how much money we’ve raised, but how many individual donations we’ve received.Chip in today help us reach our goal of 1 MILLION donations before the deadline.
Help us reach our goal of 1 million individual donations before our first, official FEC deadline ends. Getting there will be difficult, but taking on tough challenges is what we do. Donate any amount today and we’ll have a chance.
Our first, official FEC fundraising deadline is about to come to a close. When it ends, we’re going to report not just how much money we’ve raised, but how many individual donations we’ve received.Chip in today help us reach our goal of 1 MILLION donations before the deadline.
Help us reach our goal of 1 million individual donations before our first, official FEC deadline ends. Getting there will be difficult, but taking on tough challenges is what we do. Donate any amount today and we’ll have a chance.
Our lives, our existence, should be about more than just the accumulation of more and more wealth. In our country, I see people who are worth billions of dollars pushing for policies that make the rich richer and everyone else poorer. That’s not what human life should be about.
Let us be honest. Thousands of Americans could die as a result of Trump's decision to destroy the Affordable Care Act. 
We are going to strengthen antitrust laws to defend farmers from the corporate middlemen who squeeze them for everything they’re worth. We must end the absurd situation where just four packing companies now control more than 80% of the beef market and 63% of the pork market.
I have just one question for the Republicans who are again attempting to repeal the Affordable Care Act, throw 30 million people off of their health insurance and eliminate pre-existing conditions protections: Why do you want to cause so much pain for the American people?
The way Trump has treated our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico is an international disgrace. 
The farmers who grow our food get only 15 cents of every dollar that a consumer spends on their product — less than half of what they got in 1980.Now more than ever, we need policies that address the needs of family farmers, not big agribusiness and multinational corporations.
You're damn right we're going to get rid of greedy health insurance companies. We need a health care system that guarantees affordable health care to all, not one designed to make huge profits for corporations. 
You know what would scare the hell out of Trump? One million grassroots contributions to our campaign. Help us get there by our deadline Sunday:  
Just a few years ago we were told a $15 an hour was “too radical.” Well, today, Maryland became the sixth state to send the loud and clear message that a job should lift you out of poverty, not keep you in it.We're not done. Next we will pass a national $15 minimum wage. 
Three years ago, we were told that Medicare for all was "too radical." Well, three years have come and gone, and a majority of Democratic voters in swing districts across the nation support Medicare for all. It's time to implement the political revolution we've been fighting for. 
 Sen. writes in a guest column that he'll strengthen anti-trust laws and again allow farmers to sue "big corp…
 I think this is exactly right. This is about liberating millions of Americans.  
In 2016 we reached 1 million contributions to our campaign in six months.This time, we're trying to do it in six weeks.Will you help us reach this unprecedented milestone and show we're the strongest grassroots campaign to take on Trump? 
Medicare for All is about freedom. People cannot truly be free unless they can get the health care they need. 
We are not going to let fossil fuel companies put their short-term profits ahead of the well-being of our planet, our kids and our grandkids. I'm proud that our campaign is taking the  pledge. 
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
Our first, official FEC fundraising deadline is about to come to a close. When it ends, we’re going to report not just how much money we’ve raised, but how many individual donations we’ve received.Chip in today help us reach our goal of 1 MILLION donations before the deadline.
Our first, official FEC fundraising deadline is about to come to a close. When it ends, we’re going to report not just how much money we’ve raised, but how many individual donations we’ve received.Chip in today help us reach our goal of 1 MILLION donations before the deadline.
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
Our first, official FEC fundraising deadline is about to come to a close. When it ends, we’re going to report not just how much money we’ve raised, but how many individual donations we’ve received.Chip in today help us reach our goal of 1 MILLION donations before the deadline.
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
Our first, official FEC fundraising deadline is about to come to a close. When it ends, we’re going to report not just how much money we’ve raised, but how many individual donations we’ve received.Chip in today help us reach our goal of 1 MILLION donations before the deadline.
Our first, official FEC fundraising deadline is about to come to a close. When it ends, we’re going to report not just how much money we’ve raised, but how many individual donations we’ve received.Chip in today help us reach our goal of 1 MILLION donations before the deadline.
Our first, official FEC fundraising deadline is about to come to a close. When it ends, we’re going to report not just how much money we’ve raised, but how many individual donations we’ve received.Chip in today help us reach our goal of 1 MILLION donations before the deadline.
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
Help us reach our goal of 1 million individual donations before our first, official FEC deadline ends. Getting there will be difficult, but taking on tough challenges is what we do. Donate any amount today and we’ll have a chance.
Help us reach our goal of 1 million individual donations before our first, official FEC deadline ends. Getting there will be difficult, but taking on tough challenges is what we do. Donate any amount today and we’ll have a chance.
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
Help us reach our goal of 1 million individual donations before our first, official FEC deadline ends. Getting there will be difficult, but taking on tough challenges is what we do. Donate any amount today and we’ll have a chance.
Help us reach our goal of 1 million individual donations before our first, official FEC deadline ends. Getting there will be difficult, but taking on tough challenges is what we do. Donate any amount today and we’ll have a chance.
Help us reach our goal of 1 million individual donations before our first, official FEC deadline ends. Getting there will be difficult, but taking on tough challenges is what we do. Donate any amount today and we’ll have a chance.
Help us reach our goal of 1 million individual donations before our first, official FEC deadline ends. Getting there will be difficult, but taking on tough challenges is what we do. Donate any amount today and we’ll have a chance.
An ex-lobbyist for a drug company that charged $1,000 for one pill is behind Trump's new plan to destroy the Affordable Care Act. This is"draining the swamp"?We will defend the ACA and finally put people before profits by moving to Medicare for all. 
My hope is that when future historians look back at our time, they will see how regular people came together to build a desperately-needed movement to reverse the drift toward oligarchy. That is what this campaign is all about.
When we talk about investing in our people, we hear, "How are you going to pay for that?” Yet the cost of our endless wars will soon surpass $6 trillion. Imagine if we invested $6 trillion in health care, education, housing, our infrastructure and much more. We must do better.
More than 8 million workers would lose out on overtime pay under Trump's proposed rollbacks of worker protections. Unlike Trump, I know what it is like for a family to live paycheck to paycheck. When we are in the White House we will expand overtime protections.
We have a chance to make history by reaching 1 million contributions by Sunday's fundraising deadline. Doing so would leave no doubt that ours is the largest, strongest grassroots campaign capable of beating Trump. Please help us get there:
Our first, official FEC fundraising deadline is about to come to a close. When it ends, we’re going to report not just how much money we’ve raised, but how many individual donations we’ve received.Chip in today help us reach our goal of 1 MILLION donations before the deadline.
Our first, official FEC fundraising deadline is about to come to a close. When it ends, we’re going to report not just how much money we’ve raised, but how many individual donations we’ve received.Chip in today help us reach our goal of 1 MILLION donations before the deadline.
Our first, official FEC fundraising deadline is about to come to a close. When it ends, we’re going to report not just how much money we’ve raised, but how many individual donations we’ve received.Chip in today help us reach our goal of 1 MILLION donations before the deadline.
Our first, official FEC fundraising deadline is about to come to a close. When it ends, we’re going to report not just how much money we’ve raised, but how many individual donations we’ve received.Chip in today help us reach our goal of 1 MILLION donations before the deadline.
Our first, official FEC fundraising deadline is about to come to a close. When it ends, we’re going to report not just how much money we’ve raised, but how many individual donations we’ve received.Chip in today help us reach our goal of 1 MILLION donations before the deadline.
Our first, official FEC fundraising deadline is about to come to a close. When it ends, we’re going to report not just how much money we’ve raised, but how many individual donations we’ve received.Chip in today help us reach our goal of 1 MILLION donations before the deadline.
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
Después del horrible tiroteo en Nueva Zelandia, debemos unirnos para mostrar al mundo que el amor conquistará el odio. 
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
In 2015, we reached 1 MILLION donations in our 6th month. This time… we’re trying to do it in our 6th week. Chip in -- any amount you can afford -- and help us hit 1 million donations before our first official fundraising deadline ends.
Help us reach our goal of 1 million individual donations before our first, official FEC deadline ends. Getting there will be difficult, but taking on tough challenges is what we do. Donate any amount today and we’ll have a chance.
Help us reach our goal of 1 million individual donations before our first, official FEC deadline ends. Getting there will be difficult, but taking on tough challenges is what we do. Donate any amount today and we’ll have a chance.
Help us reach our goal of 1 million individual donations before our first, official FEC deadline ends. Getting there will be difficult, but taking on tough challenges is what we do. Donate any amount today and we’ll have a chance.
Help us reach our goal of 1 million individual donations before our first, official FEC deadline ends. Getting there will be difficult, but taking on tough challenges is what we do. Donate any amount today and we’ll have a chance.
Help us reach our goal of 1 million individual donations before our first, official FEC deadline ends. Getting there will be difficult, but taking on tough challenges is what we do. Donate any amount today and we’ll have a chance.
Help us reach our goal of 1 million individual donations before our first, official FEC deadline ends. Getting there will be difficult, but taking on tough challenges is what we do. Donate any amount today and we’ll have a chance.
This is a victory for thousands of workers who have stood up to massive corporations and organized for years. We will keep fighting until workers and all others are paid a living wage of at least $15 an hour. 
Trump and DeVos want to slash education spending and defund the Special Olympics after giving tax breaks to the top 1%. Unbelievable. When we are in the White House we will get our national priorities straight. 
You're damn right. 
We must defend the ACA from Trump’s assault and protect people's existing coverage. However, protecting the ACA will not fully solve the health care crisis. To finally guarantee health care as a right, we must take on the insurance industry and pass a Medicare for All bill.
Trump and the Republican Party have chosen to stand with private health insurers and help them make as much profit as possible.I stand with the American people, who deserve to get the health care they need regardless of whether they can afford it. 
New Zealand took less than a week to ban military-style weapons after the Christchurch mosque attacks.It has been 405 days since Parkland.It has been 2,293 days since Sandy Hook.It is past time that we take on the NRA and pass gun safety legislation.
The Republican Party is the party of:-Throwing 32 million off of health insurance-Removing pre-existing condition protections-Blocking Medicaid expansion-Defunding Planned Parenthood-Cutting Medicare and MedicaidOur job: pass Medicare for All. Make health care a right. 
Trump promised, "We're going to have insurance for everybody." Now he is trying to throw tens of millions of Americans OFF of the health insurance they have.Enough. We must defend the ACA and move forward to pass Medicare for All. 
Our goal is to pass Medicare for All and make health care a right. Today our job is to defend the Affordable Care Act from relentless attacks by the Trump administration.
Love will conquer hate. 
There it is. The Trump administration just made it clear: they have no intention to protect the 130 million Americans with pre-existing conditions. They want to throw millions of Americans off health insurance and put lives at risk. We will fight back. 
Antwon Rose should be alive today. Far too many of our black brothers and sisters end up dead at the hands of law enforcement and their families left without justice. We must bring immediate reform to our racist criminal justice system. 
An estimated 3,000 Puerto Ricans died as a result of Hurricane Maria. Since then, our fellow Americans on the island have dealt with neglect and mismanagement by the Trump administration, and now they are facing major cuts to nutrition assistance. We must act to end this crisis. 
Today 30 million Americans lack health insurance. Millions more are under-insured. The health care status quo is completely unsustainable and unethical, and that is why we need Medicare for all now.
 We’re gathered ; ready to start our demonstration outside the Omni Hotel, where Lyft execs are meeting potential invest…
We are racing to generate as many individual donations as we possibly can before our first, official FEC fundraising deadline comes to a close. It’s coming up fast. Become a Founding Donor to our campaign today.
We are racing to generate as many individual donations as we possibly can before our first, official FEC fundraising deadline comes to a close. It’s coming up fast. Become a Founding Donor to our campaign today.
We are racing to generate as many individual donations as we possibly can before our first, official FEC fundraising deadline comes to a close. It’s coming up fast. Become a Founding Donor to our campaign today.
We are racing to generate as many individual donations as we possibly can before our first, official FEC fundraising deadline comes to a close. It’s coming up fast. Become a Founding Donor to our campaign today.
Time is running out. Make a contribution to our campaign before our first, official FEC fundraising deadline comes to a close. Become a Founding Donor and help us report as many individual donations as we possibly can.
Time is running out. Make a contribution to our campaign before our first, official FEC fundraising deadline comes to a close. Become a Founding Donor and help us report as many individual donations as we possibly can.
Time is running out. Make a contribution to our campaign before our first, official FEC fundraising deadline comes to a close. Become a Founding Donor and help us report as many individual donations as we possibly can.
Time is running out. Make a contribution to our campaign before our first, official FEC fundraising deadline comes to a close. Become a Founding Donor and help us report as many individual donations as we possibly can.
It's been almost six months since Amazon raised its minimum wage to $15. Why hasn't owned by the richest family in America, also started paying all their employees a living wage of $15 an hour?
To anyone who is currently struggling: know that you can reach the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255.
It’s horrific that the Parkland and Sandy Hook communities continue to endure even more loss. We must take real action to end our gun violence epidemic and do everything we can to support the families who have been affected by this crisis.
I stand with Uber and Lyft drivers striking in LA. One job should be enough to make a decent living in America, especially for those working for multibillion-dollar companies. Drivers must be paid the wages they deserve.  
 At SF rally, tells 16,000 supporters his ideas have gone from "radical" to "mainstream," vows to turn progressive…
I don’t want a summary of the Mueller report. I want the whole damn report. 
We will build a nation based on love and justice, not hatred and fear. Join us in San Francisco: 
Our goal is not just defeating Trump. Our goal is to transform the country so that our government and economy work for all, not just those on top. And we must root out hatred and racism everywhere it exists.
FDR stated the Bill of Rights wasn't enough and we needed to guarantee economic rights as well: the right to a decent job, the right to health care, housing, education, retirement security, etc. I agree with FDR. Economic rights are human rights.
The question we face as a nation: Will we continue to allow private health insurance companies to profit off of human suffering? Or will we end that disgrace and make health care a right through Medicare for All?
Thank you to our "yuge" crowd who came out to our rally in Los Angeles today. This is what we mean when we say we are building a nationwide movement that will transform the country.  
We’re very excited to have and perform tomorrow at our last rally in California this weekend! RSVP here if you plan to help us bring the political revolution to San Francisco: 
 The crowds keep getting bigger. This is a significant political development. He is generating the sort…
Airlines like Southwest and American are switching passenger service work at LAX away from union contractors. Not acceptable. If we're going to rebuild the middle class in America we must support the trade union movement. I stand with LAX workers. 
 Massive crowd awaiting at Grand Park in Downtown Los Angeles. 
 Excited to be here in LA with to introduce to the thousands of supporters joining us today! 
We've brought the political revolution to California. Join us live in Los Angeles! 
  address to the Islamic Center of Southern California is unusually personal. He reflects on growing u…
In this difficult moment, where we see a rise in hate crimes and a growing tendency toward authoritarianism, now is the time for everybody to come together and to show the world that love will conquer hate. 
I’m honored to speak at the Islamic Center of Southern California this morning. Together we will stand against hate, bigotry, xenophobia and racism. We will create a world based on love and justice. 
  enters the Islamic Center of Southern California. He’s here to show his support for the Muslim commu…
  looks forward to visiting a mosque later today to have an interfaith conservation about the need to have a uni…
$200 million. That's how much the five largest oil and gas companies spend EVERY year to prevent meaningful action on climate change.When we are in the White House we will not allow them to destroy our planet for profit any longer.
No one president, not even the most honest, well-intentioned person, can take on all the special interests and powerful forces alone. That's why this movement is not just about me. It's about us. Thank you San Diego! 
Justice means ending the absurdity of:- CEOs making over 300 times as much as their average workers- 20 percent of our children living in poverty- life expectancy decreasing for a third year in a row- 30 million Americans without health insurance
Justice means doing everything we can to end the growing tribalism and religious bigotry we are seeing in this country and around the world. We are not going to allow Trump to divide us up.
San Diego is ready for a political revolution! Join us on the first stop of our California tour: 
As Donald Trump said, “Let it come out." I call on the Trump administration to make Special Counsel Mueller's full report public as soon as possible. No one, including the president, is above the law.
Selene has been released, but the fight is not over! She will be fighting her deportation in the upcoming months. It makes no sense to deport Dreamers like Selene from the only country they have known as home. We must stand with our immigrant sisters and brothers. 
We need to invest in jobs and education for our kids, not more jails and incarceration. We need to end the destructive "war on drugs," eliminate private prisons and cash bail and bring about major police department reform.
The goal of a health care system cannot be to line the pockets of executives. It must be to guarantee high quality care to all, regardless of ability to pay.
We're going to provide legal status for the young people eligible for the DACA program, and develop a humane policy for those who seek asylum. No more snatching babies from the arms of their parents.
Our campaign will offset all carbon emissions produced from travel activities and events by investing in renewable energy and carbon reduction projects. As a nation, our goal must ultimately be to transition away from fossil fuels to 100% renewable energy. 
For every one billionaire in America there are about 70,000 people living in poverty. I don't think it's a radical idea to say that we should make sure our people's basic human rights are met before giving tax breaks to the richest 1%.
La hija de murió porque no pudo probar que tenía seguro médico. Nuestro sistema de atención de salud disfuncional está destruyendo a las familias todos los días en todo el país. Necesitamos Medicare para todos. 
Under President Trump, the very concept of democracy is under attack by a president who seems intent on emulating authoritarian leaders. 
 Solidarity is a force stronger than gravity - I hope every Dem contender will feel its pull and join working people on…
A few years ago we were told that a $15 an hour minimum wage was too radical.Soon Maryland could become the SIXTH state to pass a $15 minimum wage. Not so radical anymore. This is a national movement. 
Medicaid expansion has saved lives across the country. Every state must expand Medicaid as we work to make health care a right through a Medicare-for-all, single-payer system. Congratulations to the Kansas House for this major step. 
Candidate Trump promised to protect Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. President Trump introduced a budget that slashes all three. 
This is what real action to stop gun violence looks like. We must follow New Zealand's lead, take on the NRA and ban the sale and distribution of assault weapons in the United States. 
No, Mr. Wheeler. Look at the devastating flooding in Nebraska, or the damage of the wildfires in California, and countless other climate-fueled disasters happening all around us right now. We must take bold action to stop climate change from getting even worse. 
Sen. John McCain was a friend and a man of great courage and integrity. We need a president who will fight for our veterans, not attack the memory of an American hero. 
Amazon. Netflix. GM. What do they all have in common? They pay nothing in federal income taxes. 
Real criminal justice reform means standing up to the prison industrial complex. When we are in the White House, we're going to end the disgraceful practice of profiteering from locking people up. No more private prisons and detention centers.
Today marks 16 years since the United States invaded Iraq. I opposed it at the time and we are still dealing with its consequences. Our foreign policy must change. 
I stand with and workers at the University of California who are striking to protect their jobs, pensions and benefits and fighting privatization. 
In our health care system today you can:➡ Have insurance➡ Pay your premium➡ Go to an in-network hospital➡ Still get charged with a $100,000+ billUnder Medicare for all that ends. We cannot afford to wait any longer to make health care a right. 
 take note. The American people will no longer tolerate a government which only works for the billionaires and massive corporations. We are going to defeat you and create a government that works for all. 
 NATIONAL POLL: and tied in the Democratic Primary 
In the 16 years since the Iraq war began, we've lost many thousands of American and Iraqi lives and spent trillions of dollars. I opposed the war and it gives me no pleasure to say that much of what I feared came true. Our foreign policy must focus on diplomacy, not endless war.
 "Today, we say to the private health insurance companies, whether you like it or not, the United States is going to join…
If Tennessee, a so-called "red state," can make community colleges tuition-free and their flagship university free for low-income students, there is no reason that every state in America cannot do the same and move to make public colleges tuition-free. 
Trump wants to eliminate 29 programs in the Education Department, after giving $1.5 trillion in tax breaks to the rich and corporations and proposing an $860 billion increase in defense spending.His priorities are not the priorities of the American people.
What's really bad for Americans' health is our current dysfunctional system where people die because they can't afford health care. Trump wants to make a bad situation even worse.Medicare for All would make health care a right and save the American people trillions of dollars. 
A medicine that cost $400 in 2006 is now, on average, more than $1,200.We have got to end the greed of the pharmaceutical industry which is killing Americans.We should allow Medicare to negotiate drug prices and let Americans import safe, affordable medicine from Canada.
Amy's daughter died because she couldn't prove that she had health insurance. Our dysfunctional health care system is tearing families apart every day across this country. We need Medicare for All. 
We cannot allow Donald Trump to expand drilling off the Atlantic coast — and we cannot allow his pathological lying to distract us from the fight against climate change. 
Fracking pollutes water, degrades air quality and worsens climate change. When we are in the White House we are going to ban fracking nationwide and rapidly move to renewable energy. Thank you for taking this important step to stop fracking. 
 The campaign says that now, every single one of its teams — management, political, policy, organizing, commu…
The horrors of slavery still impact African-Americans today and they must be addressed. There is still redlining and still racism in lending. There is racism in the job market. We must fight institutional racism in every part of American society.
I'm excited to announce we are headed to California this weekend to bring the political revolution to the West Coast. RSVP below if you plan to join us!San Diego 3/22: Los Angeles 3/23: San Francisco 3/24:  
"I don't care when 45 calls him 'Crazy Bernie'... Bernie went to Disneyland and literally said that he did not think that Mickey Mouse and Goofy approved of Disney not paying their workers a living wage. You gotta be a little crazy to do that."  
 Of course gets this right. Turns Out That Trillion-Dollar Bailout Was, in Fact, Real  via…
In the wealthiest country in the history of the world we can provide a decent standard of living for all of our people. That's not utopian dreaming. That is a reality.
Trump in 2015:"I was the first ; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare ; Medicaid."Trump's proposed budget:-Cuts Social Security by $25 billion-Cuts Medicare by $845 billion-Cuts Medicaid by nearly $1.5 trillion
What I mean by democratic socialism is that I want a vibrant democracy. Trump is actively involved in voter suppression and trying to keep people of color or low-income people from voting. I want to make it easier to vote.
Unlike Trump, I did not come from a family that gave me a $200,000 allowance every single year starting at the age of 3. As I recall, my allowance was 25 cents a week. 
Our campaign is about fundamentally ending the disparity of wealth, income and power in this country. But as we do that, we must also address the disparity within the disparity—the outrageous levels of racial disparity that currently exist.
As I said in Henderson yesterday: to stop climate change, the U.S. must lead the world in transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels to sustainable energy. I'm glad to see ; adding Nevada to the Alliance. 
  is scheduled to speak here in  He stopped by Local 1107 headquarters to meet with our newly elected le…
Powerful special interests may have the money. But we have the people. Join us live in Nevada: 
I applaud this bipartisan effort to prevent never-ending wars. Our bipartisan initiative to halt the war in Yemen is one part of this critical effort to create a better foreign policy. 
Republicans in states all over America have been trying to prevent people from voting. This is unacceptable. We must make voting easier. I urge Iowa lawmakers to reject this bill. 
Indebted to the pastors of Charleston, South Carolina, with whom we met yesterday. We are going to build a campaign and a nation that is built on love and justice and we will not allow any force to divide us. 
Seniors cannot live in dignity trying to survive on $13,000 or $14,000 a year in Social Security benefits. Donald Trump wants to cut Social Security, but we have some bad news for him. We're not going to cut Social Security benefits. We're going to expand them.
Throughout Nebraska and the Midwest, our friends are dealing with the worst flooding in half a century. We must provide immediate help to those suffering. Long-term, we must take bold steps to stop climate change, which makes extreme flooding much worse. 
 I am proud to be the co-chair of campaign, which is leading the way in courageously challenging Donald Trump.…
I’m proud that our campaign is the first presidential campaign to unionize. We cannot just support unions with words, we must back it up with actions. On this campaign and when we are in the White House, we are going make it easier for people to join unions, not harder. 
We will no longer accept a situation in which the top 25 hedge fund managers on Wall Street make nearly double what 140,000 kindergarten teachers in America earn and millions of kids go to over-crowded and under-funded schools.
The inventors of insulin sold its patent for $1. Eli Lilly now charges $360 a month for the drug and made $3.2 billion in profits last year.Meanwhile, Americans must sell all their possessions to get the insulin they need.We’re going to take on the greed of the drug industry. 
Health care is a right, not a privilege. We need Medicare for All. 
It is not a radical idea to say that people ought to have clean drinking water when they turn on their taps. Today we say to the American people that we will rebuild our crumbling infrastructure.
We must build an international movement to take on the fossil fuel industry and leave a planet that is healthy and habitable for future generations. Today the young people of the  are leading the way. Thank you for your courage.
Our thoughts are with the victims of the horrific attack in Christchurch, New Zealand. No one should have to fear for their life because of their religion. We must come together to condemn all forms of hate and violence to build a future of respect and understanding.
 Hello Charleston. 
Our job: defeat Trump and create a government that works for all. Join us live in South Carolina! 
I do not want our children and grandchildren to look back on our actions today and ask why we didn't do everything we could to address climate change. We must stand up to the fossil fuel industry and pass a Green New Deal.
Congratulations to and for standing up to the fossil fuel lobbyists and taking an important step to empower communities to protect their residents’ health, safety and environment. 
Young people are leading the way and Congress must listen. Our job: take on the NRA, expand background checks, end the gun show loophole and ban the sale and distribution of assault weapons. Congratulations to the students speaking out today. 
Last year Amazon raised its minimum wage to $15 an hour. Now, so has Costco. When will owned by the wealthiest family in America, finally start paying its workers a living wage? 
What lawmakers in Tennessee and Georgia are trying to do is unconstitutional. When we are in the White House, we are going to protect a woman’s right to control her own body. 
Today the Senate took back its constitutional responsibility to authorize war—an authority that belongs to Congress alone, not the president—by moving to end the catastrophic war in Yemen. This is an historic day. 
I'm running for president because we can no longer tolerate a situation where the rich get the medical attention they need in order to stay alive, while members of working-class families have to die, needlessly suffer or go hopelessly into debt to get the care they need.
How can we call this a civilized society when some Americans have access to the best medical care in the world and others are unable to walk into a doctor’s office because they lack money?
It is Congress who decides if and when the U.S. goes to war, not the president. For far too long Congress has abdicated that responsibility. Today that must end. Today the Senate must vote to stop supporting the Saudi-led war in Yemen, where 85,000 children have starved to death.
U.S. participation in the Saudi-led war in Yemen has not been authorized by Congress. It is unconstitutional. And it is contributing to the worst humanitarian crisis in the world.Today the Senate must exercise its power and vote to remove the U.S. from this war in Yemen.
Today 46% of all new income goes to the top 1%. Millions of Americans are forced to work 2 or 3 jobs just to survive. Over half of our people live paycheck to paycheck. And 3 people own as much wealth as the bottom 50%.We won't accept a rigged economy any longer.
I'm re-introducing my Medicare-for-all bill soon, and I need your help to make it clear that we're ready to fight harder than ever to guarantee health care as a right, not a privilege.Add your name as a Citizen Co-Sponsor of Medicare-for-all: 
Health Care Service Corp. made $4.1 billion in profits last year.They paid $0 in federal income taxes and instead got a $1.7 billion tax refund.Our job: institute a health care system designed to keep people well, not to make health insurance companies rich.  
President Trump. You're not smarter than 99% of climate scientists who agree that climate change is not a hoax. It is not "fake news." It is real and will devastate millions. We are going to defeat you and move aggressively to address this crisis.
The insurance companies, drug companies and others have announced that they'll spend huge amounts of money to protect their obscene profits as they try to defeat Medicare for All.Show them we're not backing down. Add your name to be a Citizen Co-Sponsor. 
In a few years a $15 minimum wage has gone from a "radical idea" to being passed in:CaliforniaIllinoisMassachusettsNew JerseyNew YorkLos AngelesMinneapolisNew York CitySeattleSan FranciscoSt. PaulWe're just getting started. We will pass a federal $15 minimum wage.
I am going re-introduce Medicare for all in the Senate in a few weeks. But before I do, I want to ask you to something important: add your name as a citizen co-sponsor of the bill today.
I am going re-introduce Medicare for all in the Senate in a few weeks. But before I do, I want to ask you to something important: add your name as a citizen co-sponsor of the bill today.
I am going re-introduce Medicare for all in the Senate in a few weeks. But before I do, I want to ask you to something important: add your name as a citizen co-sponsor of the bill today.
People who cannot afford health care do not deserve to die. Add your name as a citizen co-sponsor of my Medicare for All, single-payer health care bill.
I am going re-introduce Medicare for all in the Senate in a few weeks. But before I do, I want to ask you to something important: add your name as a citizen co-sponsor of the bill today.
People who cannot afford health care do not deserve to die. Add your name as a citizen co-sponsor of my Medicare for All, single-payer health care bill.
People who cannot afford health care do not deserve to die. Add your name as a citizen co-sponsor of my Medicare for All, single-payer health care bill.
People who cannot afford health care do not deserve to die. Add your name as a citizen co-sponsor of my Medicare for All, single-payer health care bill.
Add your name as a citizen co-sponsor of my’ Medicare for All, single-payer health care bill. Because health care must be a right for every man, woman, and child in this country.
Add your name as a citizen co-sponsor of my’ Medicare for All, single-payer health care bill. Because health care must be a right for every man, woman, and child in this country.
Add your name as a citizen co-sponsor of my’ Medicare for All, single-payer health care bill. Because health care must be a right for every man, woman, and child in this country.
Add your name as a citizen co-sponsor of my’ Medicare for All, single-payer health care bill. Because health care must be a right for every man, woman, and child in this country.
Our political revolution continues this week as we head to Nevada for a rally in Henderson this Saturday, March 16 at 2:30 p.m. Please RSVP here if you plan to attend. We hope to see you there! 
At a time when we Americans have a total of $1.5 trillion in student loan debt, it is insane that Trump’s budget would cut $207 billion from college affordability programs over 10 years and eliminate the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program.
I'm excited to announce we will be heading back to South Carolina this week as we continue to grow our grassroots campaign. I hope you'll be able to join us Thursday at 7 p.m. in North Charleston. RSVP here if you plan to attend!
"If Bernie Sanders in the minority in the Senate can get 350,000 Americans a raise, imagine what he will do as President of the United States."  Campaign Co-Chair 
At a time when climate change is already causing devastating harm, the mainstream media coverage of climate change actually decreased by 45% in 2018. That is a disgrace. 
Trump's weakening of the State Dept, whose budget he now wants to cut by 23%, is extremely dangerous. Our diplomats do the hard work every day of advancing US interests and security. When we are in the White House we’ll make sure they get the support they need to keep us safe.
Trump’s budget cuts $1.5 trillion from Medicaid, $845 billion from Medicare and $25 billion from Social Security.Make no mistake about it: Trump’s budget is a massive transfer of wealth from the working class to the wealthiest people and most profitable corporations in America.
At a time when the U.S. already spends more on the military than the next 10 countries combined, Trump is proposing an $861 billion increase in base defense spending over 10 years.For the same cost, we could make public colleges and universities tuition-free for a decade.
The big money interests have incredible wealth. They have incredible power. But at the end of the day, they are just the 1%.We are the 99%. We have the people. 
The powerful special interests who control this country are going to spend a lot of money to try to defeat us. But we have something they don’t have: the power of the people.They understand that. When we talk about the 1%, they are 1%. We are the 99%.
Donald Trump and his administration are actively involved in voter suppression. Our job is to make it easier for people to vote, not harder.
 Completely full house for Bernie Sanders in Keene, New Hampshire, for his second big rally of the day.  
 Keene packs the house on a snowy day for 
 Ready to go in Keene.  
Together we'll build the strongest grassroots movement in U.S. history. Join us in New Hampshire! 
Our democracy is under attack by Donald Trump, who is intent on emulating authoritarian leaders in Russia, Saudi Arabia and North Korea.There is a great struggle taking place between growing authoritarianism and democracy, and Trump is consistently on the wrong side.
Democracy is about serious debate over public policy, not having a president who is a pathological liar and who has told thousands of blatant lies since he has been in office.
 "Whether Trump or Mitch McConnell like it or not, we are going to overturn this disastrous Citizens United, and we're go…
 Strong turnout for Bernie’s first rally in New Hampshire since announcing. White-out conditions on the road and a big sno…
We are back in New Hampshire to defeat Trump and to transform this country from the bottom on up. 
Unlike Donald Trump, I did not come from a wealthy family that built a corporate empire through housing discrimination. I grew up in a family that lived paycheck to paycheck and I protested housing discrimination. 
Let me say to the pharmaceutical industry: you can spend all the money you want on 30-second ads against us. You can do all the lying you want. But we are going to lower prescription drug costs in this country. You’re going to stop ripping off the American people.
Our campaign is off to an incredible start. We just finished three rallies across Iowa and are now headed to New Hampshire for two rallies.Together, we will transform this country. 
When WE are in the White House, we will create a nation that leads the world in the struggle for peace and for economic, racial, social and environmental justice. 
 Another packed room for for his 3rd rally on this Iowa trip. He held a very large event in this same roo…
In 2017, the top 65 health care CEOs made $1.7 billion in compensation. $1.7 billion. Our dollars should go toward disease prevention, doctors, nurses, dentists and rural clinics—not toward making insurance companies and their CEOs super rich.
  "Well I don’t come from a billionaire family ... my family knew what it was like to live paycheck to…
In 2015 we were told our ideas were too radical and we were polling at 3% in Iowa. In 2016 we won 50% of the vote in Iowa. Today, our ideas are mainstream and supported by a majority of Americans. Now it’s time to complete the revolution we started. 
 The crowd has assembled at the Paul R. Knapp Animal Learning Center on the fairgrounds for  
We're live in Des Moines! Thank you Iowa for being a part of the revolution to transform America. 
 Sanders' biggest applause line of the night is his pledge that, when he's president, "we will protect a woman's right to contr…
 "We will move aggressively to end the epidemic of gun violence in this country. And pass the common sense gun legislation…
 “When we are in the White House, we will not only end the decline in rural America, but attack the problem of urban gent…
Today we say to the prison-industrial-complex that we are going to bring about real criminal justice reform. We’re going to end the international embarrassment of having more people in jail than any other country on Earth.
  "Not only do we have to create a just economy, we also have to deal with a corrupt political system.  We hold t…
 Capacity crowd here in Iowa City for Bernie Sanders - supporters were being turned away to an overflow room 
 500 people could not get into the room in Iowa City, so Bernie went out to them. 
In 2016, Iowa is where the political revolution began. We're back in Iowa City to complete it. 
We need policies for rural America that represent the needs of working people and farmers, not agribusiness and multinational corporations.The time's long overdue for the U.S. government to stand with rural America and that is exactly what I will do.
I applaud my House colleagues for today’s historic passage of HR1. We must repeal Citizens United, move to public funding of elections, end voter suppression and gerrymandering, and create a vibrant democracy that leads the world in voter turnout. 
Today we said hello to seniors in Iowa and heard about their pressing concerns. We are going to lower prescription drug prices, expand Medicare to cover hearing aids, dental and vision care and expand Social Security. 
We cannot move forward as a nation or as a world without achieving racial, social, environmental and economic justice for women. Today we celebrate the progress that has been made on women’s rights and recommit to build a better future together. 
 "It is not right that white families have 10 times more wealth than Black families, that the infant mortality rate for B…
When workers stand together and demand that this country works for all of us rather than just the few, we can transform America. Congratulations to Locals 506 and 618 for their successful effort in standing up for justice and dignity. 
 Here’s the thing about the 2020 race: DC pundits claim voters aren’t as excited about as they were in 2…
The top 10% of farms currently get 77% of all subsidies. The time is long overdue for the U.S. government to stand with and protect rural America.
We need policies for rural America that represent the needs of working people and farmers, not agri-business and multi-national corporations.
 Looking good Council Bluffs, Iowa. Turning out for 
 "Yes, we are going to raise the federal minimum wage to a living wage, $15/hour... yes we're going to make it easier for…
In 2016, Iowa is where the political revolution began. Iowa, with your help on this campaign, we are going to complete what we started here. We're going to turn our vision and our progressive agenda into reality. 
 Tonight, rallies with supporters in Iowa. Tune in ⤵️
We’re in Council Bluffs to kick off the first of three Iowa rallies for our historic campaign! 
 We’re about 5 minutes away from the beginning of the Vermont Sen. rally in Council Bluffs. 
Today massive, profitable corporations like Amazon are paying nothing in federal income taxes and that must stop now.You can’t be an American company only when it benefits you. You also have to be an American company when it comes to paying your fair share of taxes.
 has been an ally in the fight for economic justice. Together we've fought for higher wages, tougher Wall Street regulations and a fairer trade policy. I look forward to working with him to create a government that represents all people, not just the billionaires. 
The United States has:5% of the world's population21% of the world's prisoners.Imagine what we could accomplish if we invested in education instead of spending $80 billion a year to lock up 2.2 million people.
I stand in solidarity with activists, unions, and organizations willing to demand businesses put workers and sustainability over corporate greed and profit margins. 
In the United States it costs, on average, $12,000 to have a baby.In Finland it costs $60.We've got to end the disgrace of our profit-driven health care system and pass Medicare for all.
I did not come from a family of privilege like Trump did that prepared me to entertain people on television by telling workers: “You’re fired.” I came from a family who knew all too well the frightening power employers can have over everyday workers.
We spend more on our military than the next 10 nations combined. American troops have been in Afghanistan for nearly 18 years, Iraq since 2003 and in Syria since 2015.We're going to invest in housing, public education and infrastructure, not never-ending wars.
The ages 0-4 are the most important years of human development. The kids and parents of this country deserve quality, affordable child care. We will establish a high quality, universal pre-K program.
 has been a great champion of progressive values throughout his life. We’re grateful for the work he does every day in the United States Senate and know he will continue to fight hard for the working families of Oregon and the entire country. 
Trump wants to divide us up by the color of our skin, our country of origin, our gender, our religion and our sexual orientation. We are going to do exactly the opposite. We are going to bring our people together for an unprecedented grassroots effort. 
  has a simple, moral vision for America's future. Instead of spending $6 trillion on endless wars, we need to…
Tens of thousands of Americans every year get criminal records for possessing marijuana.Meanwhile ZERO major Wall Street executives went to jail for destroying our economy in 2008 as a result of their greed, recklessness and illegal behavior.Unacceptable.
Today, black men are sentenced to 19 percent more jail time for committing the exact same crime as white men, and African Americans are jailed at more than 5 times the rate of whites. We must finally bring about real criminal justice reform in this country.
If we understand that there really is no such thing as a red state or a blue state—but that we are a nation in which in every state the majority of working people are struggling hard to provide a decent life for their kids—there is nothing we cannot accomplish. 
 "Real police department reform led at the federal level, which says that lethal force is the LAST resort not the FIRST."…
No more private prisons and detention centers. No more profiteering from locking people up. No more "war on drugs." No more keeping people in jail because they're too poor to afford cash bail. 
 tells story of his arrest: "Black students [in trailers] would boil in the heat and freeze in the cold...an ins…
Have we made progress in civil rights in this country since the early 1960s? No question about it. Do we still have a very long way to go to end the institutional racism which permeates almost every aspect of our society? Absolutely. 
Whether it is the struggle is against racism, or sexism, or homophobia, or corporate greed, or environmental devastation, or war and militarism or religious bigotry—real change never takes place from the top on down. It always takes place from the bottom on up. 
My years here in Chicago gave me the opportunity to become involved in the civil rights movement, in the labor movement, in the peace movement and in electoral politics—experiences that significantly shaped my life. 
 "Together we are going to end austerity for working families and bring some austerity to corporate America." 
In the last decade, more than 30 states have considered voter suppression laws whose clear intent is to disenfranchise people of color. How pathetic and how cowardly is that! 
We will no longer accept the absurd situation where large corporations like Amazon, Netflix and General Motors pay nothing in federal income taxes after raking in billions in profits. 
 "Today, we say to private health insurance companies: whether you like it or not, we WILL join every other major country…
 Once again stops the crowd chanting his name: “nope nope nope. NO. It ain’t Bernie. It is you. It must b…
We have begun the political revolution.  Now we’re going to complete it.  
 "This is the man who stood with Verizon workers.This is the man who stood up to Amazon and said you will pay $15/hour.…
 good evening  
 “If can get 350,000 Amazon workers a raise when he’s in the minority in the Senate, imagine what he can do…
  has a simple, moral vision for America’s future: instead of spending $6 trillion on endless wars, we nee…
 Feelin it in Chicago. Riot city knows the score — Not me  us - 
 "This campaign is bigger than any one place or region, this is a campaign about uniting the entire country to defeat Don…
 "I've learned that when *we build movements* that make bold and visionary calls there are there are politicians such as…
 The revolution continues, 2020 edition 
We're in Chicago to launch our campaign and fight for racial and economic justice.  
 Here is a panoramic view of the Bernie crowd tonight. I’m not sure it does it justice. This is a massive room, it is packed…
 Sen. Bernie Sanders, making his second bid for the White House, stops in Chicago for a rally at Navy Pier tonight 
As we mark 54 years since Bloody Sunday, it's a disgrace that we are still fighting for the right to vote. We must not only end all forms of voter suppression in this country, we must make it easier for people to vote.
Thank you to the 13,000 people who came to Brooklyn yesterday to officially launch our campaign, the many more who followed along online, and our volunteers who made our rally possible. It was an incredible day. Let's keep the movement going. 
When we are in the White House, we will enact a federal jobs guarantee, to ensure that everyone is guaranteed a stable job. Between transforming our energy system and rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure, there is more than enough work to be done. Let's do it.
We must preserve New York’s fusion voting system because it gives more voice to voters. I support the Party’s efforts to protect this system, which gives voters a stronger voice in elections and in government.
Our political revolution is just getting started. Help us keep the momentum going—tomorrow night, join us at Navy Pier in Chicago to kick off our nationwide movement. 
I’m running for president, but I cannot do it alone. Because this campaign is not about me, it’s about us. Make a contribution to our campaign today.
No one candidate can take on Donald Trump, the corporate media, and the billionaire class alone. Contribute to our presidential campaign today.
I’m running for president, but I cannot do it alone. Because this campaign is not about me, it’s about us. Help us get off to a strong start, be one of the first to make a contribution to our campaign today.
No one candidate can take on Donald Trump, the corporate media, and the billionaire class alone. Contribute to our presidential campaign today.
I’m running for president, but I cannot do it alone. Because this campaign is not about me, it’s about us. Make a contribution to our campaign today.
  thanks UE Local 506 President Scott Slawson and the members of UE Locals 506 and 618 for "standing up, not jus…
 SANDERS 2020: "You can spend all the money you want against us, we will have a Medicare for all, single payer system," S…
Powerful special interests may have the money. But we have something better. We have the people.  
 Bernie Sanders: "This is going to be a 50 state campaign. We are not going to concede one state to Donald Trump”
Brothers and sisters: We have an enormous amount of work in front of us. If we stand together, if we don't allow Trump and his friends to divide us up, there is nothing we cannot accomplish.This country has an extraordinary future. Let's make it happen.  
When we are in the White House, we will move aggressively to end the epidemic of gun violence in this country and pass the common sense gun safety legislation that the overwhelming majority of Americans want. 
Over the last 2 years and before, you and I and millions of Americans have stood up and fought for justice in every part of our society. Because of all the work we have done, we are now on the brink of winning not just an election, but transforming our country. 
 "I did not come from a family that gave me a $200,000 allowance every year beginning at the age of 3. As I recall, my allowanc…
Unlike Donald Trump, who shut down the government and left 800,000 federal employees without income to pay the bills, I know what it's like to be in a family that lives paycheck to paycheck. 
My father came to this country from Poland at 17, without a nickel in his pocket. He came to escape the crushing poverty that existed in his community, and to escape widespread anti-Semitism. Virtually his entire family there was wiped out by Nazi barbarism. 
  promises to end mass incarceration and prison profiteering by investing “in jobs and education,” at his 2020 ca…
Brothers and sisters: We're going to win this election not because we have a super PAC funded by billionaires. We're going to win this election because we are going to bring our people together for an unprecedented grassroots effort. 
 “We will provide legal status for the 1.8 million people eligible for the  program. The United States will no lon…
 Well a few people showed up today in Brooklyn 
Instead of demonizing the undocumented immigrants in this country, we're going to pass comprehensive immigration reform and provide a path toward citizenship. We're going to provide legal status to the 1.8 million young people eligible for the DACA program. 
  “We are going to be a part of a political revolution that will change this country!” 
Today, we say to Trump and the fossil fuel industry: climate change is not a hoax but is an existential threat to our country and the entire planet. All of us have a moral responsibility to leave our children and grandkids a healthy and habitable planet. 
Today we say to the private health insurance companies, whether you like it or not, the United States will join every other major country on Earth and guarantee healthcare to all people as a right. 
 “Thank you all for being part of a political revolution which is going to transform America — it is not ‘Bernie’ it is Y…
Today, I want to welcome you to a campaign which says, loudly and clearly, that the underlying principles of our government will not be greed, hatred and lies. It will not be racism, sexism, xenophobia, homophobia and religious bigotry. That is going to end. 
I’m back in Brooklyn, the place I was born and raised, to kick off this historic campaign.We're going to win this election because we will put together the strongest grassroots coalition in the history of American politics.  
 "We gonna take this on home. We gonna finish what we started in 2016. This is a moment of transcendence... with these ha…
 “The true measure of a man; willing to have a vision even when others can’t see. The son of this city has been standin…
 “Brooklyn, you should be proud that the son of this city has been standing on the frontlines for a very long time — stan…
 “We will bring unions back to America, we will bring justice back to America, and we will make the American workers prou…
 Today, is rallying in Brooklyn. Tune in ⤵️⤵️
 "We learned about democracy on the streets. We learned how to collaborate and figure out difference between us. Those ea…

 Here we go!  
 
We're getting ready to kick off our campaign at Brooklyn College and begin the next phase of our political revolution.  
 We’re here getting down to live music and their set just finished with them saying “let’s get Bernie elected!” And the c…
 The crowds are streaming in, campus looks spectacular, and we’re almost ready to welcome back alum htt…
If you’re able to, join us in Brooklyn tomorrow. If you’re not, I hope you’ll follow along online and help us launch this historic movement. 4/4 
For too many, the dream of progress and opportunity is denied. With your help, we're going to win this election because we'll put together the strongest grassroots coalition in the history of American politics and create a government that works for all, not just those on top. 3/4
As a kid I learned, in many, many ways, what lack of money means to a family. That’s a lesson I have never forgotten. I have seen the promise of America in my own life. My parents would have never dreamed that their son would be a U.S. senator, let alone run for president. 2/4
I grew up in Brooklyn, in a three-and-a-half room, rent-controlled apartment on E. 26th St. in Midwood. Tomorrow, we kick off our presidential campaign not far from there, at Brooklyn College, where I studied for a year. 1/4 
How is it that the billionaires of this country get huge tax breaks, but our teachers and children get broken chairs, flooded classrooms and inadequate support staff in their schools?I’m running for president because we need a radical change in national priorities.
