 We wanted to share a message from campaign manager about our path forward. 
I believe in the America that we can build together. Thank you, Detroit! 
Trickle down economics has been a failure. We need to build an economy from the grassroots up. 
 Love to see so many voters on campus at UCI. Please stay in line and remember that you can drop off your completed ballo…
Polls are still open in some  states! If you haven’t voted yet, find your polling location now and get out and vote! 
Polls are still open. If you’re still in line when polls close, stay in line! Find your polling location here:  
  is running for president because that’s what girls do! And she’s inspiring millions of young people along the way…
I believe in the America that we can build together. 
Every day in the selfie lines, I hear the stories from people who are struggling, who need a government that's on their side, not the side of the billionaires and giant corporations. They're why I'm in this fight. 
 MUST SEE: talks about the power we have as working people when we stand together no matter what.  sta…
Yes, these are hard times. Yes, people are afraid. And the danger is real. Our very democracy hangs in the balance. But Latinx and Chicano history teaches us the power of fighting back. 
I’m so happy to be in Michigan, tonight! Tune in as we go live from Detroit, a city full of fighters, dreamers, and persisters. 
 If you're in line by the time polls close at your voting location, you will be able to vote. Find your voting location here…
 Si estás en línea en tu lugar de votación a la hora que cierren las urnas, todavía puedes votar. Encuentra tu lugar de vota…
 John Legend explains why he decided to publicly endorse "What I love about Elizabeth’s agenda is that she’s focused…
There are only a few more hours before polls begin to close in  states across the country.If you’ve been on the sidelines, now’s the time to get in this fight and chip in a few bucks. 
Hope over fear.Courage over cynicism.Let’s do this together. Vote:  
Thank you I’m grateful for your endorsement! 
 This month we celebrate  women. Over the past several months, I've crisscrossed this country for a leader who dr…
We are facing a homelessness crisis—but it is not inevitable. That's why I've got a plan that will lower rents and invest real federal resources to help build or rehab more than 3 million homes across the country. Everyone deserves a safe, decent, affordable place to live. 
 I wanted to be a winner so I geared up and went to Pawnee to vote 
Thank you, Your pioneering of the intersectional framework and your powerful voice have driven groundbreaking work. I'm deeply humbled by your vote today, and I will proudly fight with you for racial, gender, and economic justice. 
I voted today with hope in my heart. I believe in this grassroots movement. I believe in the America we can build together. Let's dream big, fight hard, and get out to vote!  
I’m so grateful to have Congressman Mike Honda’s endorsement. Together, we’ll build a country and an economy that works for everyone. 
 Super Tuesday voters:Do you want a nominee who’s progressive? Who’s experienced and has a track record of results?…
Thank you, Together, we can root out the corruption in Washington—and I’ve got the biggest anti-corruption plan since Watergate to get it done. 
 If you’re looking for permission to believe in what’s possible and vote for the woman who will choose hope over fear ;…
I'm fighting to build an America where Cynthia and her neighbors all have the opportunity to thrive. I'm grateful for her support—and I'm grateful for everyone knocking doors and making phone calls today.  
 Today is the day that we dream big and fight hard for take your friends, your family, and anyone who will go…
The Federal Reserve alone can't solve the economic and public health problems that coronavirus poses. I'm calling on Congress to act now to ensure everyone gets care for free, pass an emergency paid leave program, and enact at least a $400 billion fiscal stimulus package. 
 Our movement in Colorado is led by some truly incredible  volunteers. For months, they’ve been on the ground in…
Bruce, Bailey and I walked to the polls this morning to vote!If your state votes today, get out and make your voice heard. Find your polling location and go vote!  
 Outwork. Out-organize. Outlast. 
The crises we face are real, and I know people are afraid. But 2020 is our chance to choose a president. I’m ready to get to work for working Americans.If you want progressive ideas and progressive results, pitch in $2 to my campaign now.  
Thank you, You have done incredible work with I'm deeply grateful for your endorsement, and proud to be your partner in this fight. 
 Don’t let anyone tell you this race is over.In Elizabeth Warren we can have a nominee that is progressive, gets things…
This is our moment.Make your voice heard. Vote today.  
After the economy crashed in 2008, I was called to Washington to help lead us out of the crisis. I know what's still broken in our economy today—and I know how to fix it. Watch our new ad. 
 Policy is my love language 💜  
Make your voice heard. If you live in Alabama, American Samoa, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, or Virginia, get out and vote today!  
Thank you, Let’s do this. 
I want to tell a story not just as a teacher or as a candidate for president. I want to tell the story as the daughter of a janitor. This is how janitors—mostly women, mostly immigrants from Mexico and Central America—fought for justice and won. 
I'm heartsick for the victims and their families. Stay strong, Nashville. You're in our hearts today. 
Imagine a government where corruption doesn’t block real change. Imagine an economy where everyone has a chance to thrive—a nation that lives up to its values every day. It’s not just a dream, it can be our America. Let's fight for it together. 
Today is  and millions of Americans are heading to vote right now.I’m grateful for every person who gets in this fight. Will you donate $2 to our campaign before noon? This is our moment in history. 
 AlabamaAmerican SamoaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoMaineMassachusettsMinnesotaNorth CarolinaOklahomaTennesseeTexasU…
“Big, structural change” isn’t just a slogan. It’s what I’ve fought for my whole career. It’s a value that will be the driving force of my presidency. It’s a mission—with plans to back it up. Join us. Vote today. Let’s do it together. 
In less than 8 hours, voters in 14 states will shape the future of our fight.Help build our movement for the long haul. Will you chip in $2 or more before polls open?  
I'll be on soon to talk about our fight for big, structural change—join us!
Join us in East Los Angeles as we honor immigrant- and Latina-led labor movements—and talk about our shared fight for big, structural change.  
 and I sat down for a conversation about why we're in this fight for justice, equality, and big, structural change. 
I’m honored to receive the endorsement of so many Muslim leaders, activists, and scholars. This is our moment to dream big and fight hard for a better country and a better world—for our children and our grandchildren. Let’s do this!  
A third of delegates are up for grabs tomorrow—and I’m ready to fight for them.Will you chip in $2 or whatever you can right now? This is your last chance to pitch in before 
I’m committed to being a real partner to Latino communities—during this campaign, and as president of the United States. 
I’m deeply grateful for feedback from powerful voices like who makes our plans stronger. Together, we can create real, structural change. 
 Happy Super Tuesday Eve! We're so grateful for the support of 30+ Asian Pacific Islander elected officials, candidates, ac…
You shouldn't have to be a billionaire with a concierge service to get tested, treated, and vaccinated for coronavirus. My plan will let every American get the coronavirus protections they need for free. 
  and I have a Super Tuesday message for you: make sure you have a plan to vote. Bring a friend to the pol…
Farmworkers like Guera do the hard, necessary work that feeds us all. It should be a path to opportunity and dignity for them and for their families.I am committed to being a partner for farmworkers in the White House. 
We win when we call out what is broken, when we show people how we’re going to fix it, and when we build a grassroots movement to get it done. That’s what our campaign is about—and we can only do this together.  If your state votes tomorrow, join us: 
We need someone whose core values can be trusted, who has a plan for how to govern, and who can get things done.I will be that president.Thank you and for joining me in Houston! 
I never thought I would run for office. But when I was thinking about running against an incumbent Republican in the Senate, and I sat down over a lot of iced tea and she walked me through the process. I'm thrilled to have her and with us in this fight! 
I am deeply grateful for endorsement. Together, we will fight to protect our reproductive rights and elect Democratic women up and down the ballot—because that's what girls do. 
 Everyday farmworkers face entrenched poverty, poor housing, a lack of basic amenities, and fear of deportation.Check ou…
Congratulations, Kenneth and Tarja! Bruce and I are sending you our love. 
I believe in the power of our movement. Pitch in a few bucks and own a piece of our campaign.I’m fighting my heart out to make our economy work for working families—and I can’t do it alone. 
Donald Trump’s extreme, right-wing judges are already rolling back women’s rights. And, without reform—inside and outside of the courts—any Democratic president’s agenda will be at risk, too. I've got plans to protect our rights for the long haul. 
I'm deeply grateful for endorsement. Together, we'll fight to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment, protect our rights across the country, and build a country where women and girls have every opportunity to thrive. 
Thank you for your powerful work advocating for immigrant rights, and for sharing your stories with me. Together, we can build an America where every person has value—an America that’s about creating opportunity for everyone. 
Thank you to my friend, You've been a champion for working families and women in politics, and I look forward to keeping up that fight by your side.
I hope you’ll join us this evening in East Los Angeles!  
Coronavirus may cause U.S. drug shortages due to supply chain disruptions in China, where we get most of our ingredients. My plan for the virus' economic impact builds domestic manufacturing for pharmaceutical ingredients to reduce future shortages. 
My new plan for coronavirus response:1. Ensure every American can get all recommended care for coronavirus for free.2. Create an emergency paid leave program so people can recover or provide care.3. Enact at least a $400 billion fiscal stimulus package. 
 Thank you for voting for me in Texas, You really did your homework!
I've been worried that our economy is heading towards another crash—and coronavirus is already a serious economic threat. I've got a plan to address the economic impact, and I'm calling on Congress to act immediately. 
My path has been bumpy. I never thought I'd run for any public office, let alone president of the United States. But I got to live my dream, and I got into this fight to make sure everyone else had that same opportunity. 
Agricultural labor has long been intentionally excluded from basic labor laws, like the right to unionize and overtime pay. This was justified with explicitly racist reasons. It's time to strengthen the rights of farmworkers and food chain workers. 
Farmworkers, food chain workers, and their families continue to face entrenched poverty, a lack of opportunity, and an unjust immigration system. It‘s time to treat the people who help feed us with dignity and respect—and I have a plan for that. 
 and I are fighting together to build a country where every family has the opportunity to thrive. Thank you for being a part of this fight, San Antonio! 
 is in two days—and a third of delegates will be up for grabs.Can I count on you to chip in $2 to our grassroots campaign tonight? We can only do this together:  
Today, we honored the courage and determination of the civil rights leaders who marched across Edmund Pettus Bridge on  It was an honor to witness Rep. John Lewis challenge us to keep fighting for justice. 
The coronavirus crisis demands more than a billionaire mayor who believes that since he’s rich enough to buy network airtime to pretend he’s the president, that entitles him to be president.I've got a real plan to deal with the coronavirus.  
I don't have just one plan for the climate crisis—I've got plans for the  a  a clean energy economy, environmental justice, creating 10 million good jobs, and rooting out corruption in our government.Dr. and break it down. 
We’ve got one shot in November to elect a president who will get things done for working families. I’m ready—and I’m fighting for you as hard as I fight for my own family.Chip in a few bucks to join our movement, and let’s get to work together. 
Thank you, I know you'll continue giving back and serving our country for many years to come.
 Climate change is a clear threat to the stability of the financial system. has a plan for that.The policies offe…
 Thank you, I’m so grateful to have you on 
We’re in this fight together. You have the chance to make an impact on our grassroots movement—let’s make it happen! Sign up now to make calls to voters in  states. 
Since the beginning of February, our campaign has seen a record-breaking surge of grassroots support. I am grateful—and determined.Will you pitch in $2 or more now to help keep up the momentum before  
The time to choose is upon us. The crises we face are real. 2020 is our chance to choose a president—and I’m ready to get to work.If you think we need both progressive ideas and progressive results, join us:  
We're facing both a public health crisis and a potential economic crisis. We urgently need top experts at the table in public health and medicine—many of whom are women. This isn't it. 
I want to invest in young people. That's how we build a real future. Thanks for taking a moment to talk about the issues that women voters are facing in 2020! 
 TY for hearing border communities: I’m a fronteriza excited about your plan! Border advocates are eager to work…
 Trump’s reelection strategy is to attack immigrants ; distract from all the ways he’s undermined our public safety ; giv…
Muslims are one of the most diverse communities in our country, and have always been a vital part of the American story. I will partner with them to tackle generations of racial injustice and discrimination to build a government that works for everyone. 
Progressive ideas are popular ideas. and I aren't afraid to fight for them. 
 Communities like McAllen have been caricatured by politicians like Trump for years. Elizabeth Warren is the only candid…
Donald Trump's border wall is a monument to hate—and his  latest attempt to treat the southern border as a war zone rather than as a vibrant community. It's time to stop Donald Trump's militarization of the border.  
 **California: Take note when you vote!Our First Partner and an extraordinary leader for equality and justice is proudly…
Wow—that’s pretty impressive! 
Mike Pence paid more attention to politics than science and gravely worsened a health crisis in Indiana. I can't think of a worse person to put in charge of dealing with coronavirus. 
Today is Nuclear Victims Remembrance Day in the Marshall Islands, honoring the victims of U.S. nuclear testing there. The U.S. must continue to ensure survivors receive the support and health care they need. We must also work to end nuclear testing once and for all.
Climate change is an existential threat—but Wall Street is refusing to listen, let alone take real action. I've got a new plan to rein in Wall Street and make them pay the true cost of climate change instead of passing it on to millions of Americans. 
Thank you to our grassroots donors for a record-breaking February: more than $29 million raised! You’re helping build this campaign for the long haul. Take a look at what your support is building. 
This is a time for honest leadership. This moment is a reminder of what qualities we need in a president—and what qualities are so sorely lacking in the one we have. Ultimately, that’s what this election is about: Who do you trust to actually run this country? 
 I’m in Colorado with volunteers who have been DREAMING BIG and FIGHTING HARD to elect as President. It’s time…
We’re not going to beat Donald Trump by backing down.We’ll beat him by fighting back. Will you chip in whatever you can right now to help hit our $29 million goal before the FEC deadline at midnight tonight? 
We are picking a president. We need someone whose core values can be trusted, who has a plan for how to govern, and who can actually get things done.I will be that president. 
Thank you, You've been a powerful voice for climate advocacy and holding Donald Trump accountable. I look forward to fighting alongside you to defeat the climate crisis—and Donald Trump.
Our live event in Houston is about to start—join us! 
Our February fundraising numbers could be the last thing voters see before they vote on  you chip in right now to help reach our goal of $29 million before midnight?
After the 2016 election, ran for office to fight for her community. I'm proud to be her partner in this fight for big structural change. 
Thank you, I'm proud to be your partner in this fight for teachers, students, high-quality public education, and to protect and empower the voices of unions. 
Tonight, I’ll take the stage in Houston to speak about the threats we face today. With a public health and economic crisis looming, we need a president whose core values can be trusted, who has a plan for how to govern, and who can actually get it done. I will be that president.
Progressives have one chance to make transformative change. We need a leader who knows how to get in the fight and make change happen—and I have a proven track record of doing just that. 
I will continue listening to and learning from impacted communities because they make the plans we propose stronger. I'm committed to being their partner in the White House. 
 So sorry I missed you, Grant—but bedtime is important! Thanks for being a part of this movement.
 "Those of us who have worked with for a long time know that she has always been a fighter—a fighter for working peop…
Thank you so much, I’m so grateful to have you on  
It was a joy to join in Greenville to help get out the vote!South Carolina, you still have time to vote:  
 and I agree: It's not enough to beat Donald Trump. We have to change the system that brought him into power in the first place. Together, we're fighting for the big, structural change we need. 
Paid sick leave shouldn't be a luxury. It's better for our workforce, our businesses, and for public health. It's time to build an economy that works for everyone. 
It’s not news to millions of people living in rural America—especially in Black communities in the South—that this economy is leaving them behind. I've got a plan to invest in rural communities and level the playing field for entrepreneurs of color. 
I'm deeply grateful for and endorsement—and proud to fight beside them to put power in the hands of the people. 
 We deserve a President who sees all of us. We deserve a partner. We deserve 
 The amazing telling a crowd in Greenville, South Carolina why she’s voting for Elizabeth Warren. 
I've persisted against the odds my entire life. We face big challenges in 2020, but I'm not afraid to fight. 
Proud to be fighting alongside you for South Carolina's schools! 
Our February fundraising numbers could be the last thing voters see before they head to the polls on  you chip in $2 right now to help reach our new goal of $29 million before the FEC deadline tonight at midnight?
After Faith pitched in a few bucks to our campaign, I gave her a call to say thanks. She told me that her daughter just won a debate in her class! Winning debates and running for president—that’s what girls do. Donate too, and I could call you next:  
 Hey SC. Vote with me TODAY.  I will be casting my ballot for at 11 AM at park and  I am excited that actr…
Get out and vote, South Carolina! 
The future of our democracy is at stake. and I are ready to fight—join us. 
Billionaires don’t have to worry about FEC fundraising goals.But we do.Will you chip in $2 right now to help reach our goal before the FEC deadline at midnight tonight?
I know how to get government working for people again because I've done it before, when I launched the CFPB.If you want a president who knows how to respond to a crisis—whether it's a financial crash or the coronavirus—I've got the experience and the drive to do the job. 
The most important FEC deadline of our campaign is tomorrow at midnight.We need our fundraising numbers to be as strong as possible. But right now, we’re behind where we want to be to hit our goal.Will you chip in $2 to help power our campaign? 
 Californians, get those ballots filled out! 
We spend billions on an immigration system that breaks up families and keeps thousands locked up—with little evidence that it makes us any safer. We need to live our values. I am committed to a fair and welcoming immigration system that reduces immigration detention by 75%.
My  would pay for Universal Child Care, high-quality public education, student loan debt cancellation, universal free public college, and help fully finance  our calculator to see how much other billionaires would pay!
Under my  Jeff Bezos would pay approximately $7.3 billion, which would be just about three and a half pounds of this 58 pound mountain of rice. 
Our most important FEC fundraising deadline is tomorrow.Will you chip in now to our grassroots campaign? I wouldn’t ask if it wasn't important.This is our last chance to show the power of this movement before 
Thank you, You've broken the mold and reshaped the First Partner’s office to advocate for equal pay and women's representation. Your work empowers women and girls in California and across the country. Proud to be in this fight by your side! 
 South Carolina votes Saturday. Many more vote on  I'll be voting for I spoke about why in South Car…
As a former teacher, I know how important well-maintained classrooms are for our children. That’s why I support the Proposition 13 School Safety Bond, which will invest directly into California classrooms to ensure students are learning in safe, healthy, and secure facilities.
 Every presidential candidates Black agenda was ranked. Elizabeth Warren came in 1st.   
Stripping citizens of their citizenship sets a dangerous precedent and opens the door to abuse. As president, I will stand up for all Americans, regardless of where they were born, and I will fight to protect our immigrant communities. 
 “No candidate in history ever had a more detailed, comprehensive plan than Warren’s [Working Agenda for Black America].…
I'm proud to partner with and in this fight for big, structural change, and I know they will continue to hold me accountable. 
 Here’s why is speaking to so many transgender organizers and activists who are actually engaged in the work of…
The next president will need to rebuild our government. I've got plans to invest in our federal workforce, root out the corruption of the Trump administration, and ensure key positions are filled. And I'll fight to ensure our federal workforce looks like the rest of America. 
Join us in East Los Angeles on Monday, March 2 at 5:30 PM PT, as we talk about the power and values of Latinas and Chicanas in American history and how we can learn from them as we continue fighting for big, structural change. 
I've been raising the alarm for years. Our economy is working better and better for a thinner slice at the top, while working families are being squeezed to the breaking point. We need big, structural change to build an economy that works for everyone. 
Our FEC deadline is tomorrow, so tonight I’m making some calls to grassroots donors to say thank you!Chip in $2 or whatever you can now, and I could call you to say thanks. I believe in the power of our grassroots movement. We can only do this together. 
This is excellent news. Donald Trump's cruel "Remain in Mexico" policy put asylum seekers in danger. As president, I will reverse the Trump administration's cruel immigration policies and ensure that asylum seekers are welcomed at our borders. 
Thank you, Molly! Person by person, conversation by conversation—we’re growing our grassroots movement together. 
Thank you, Happy to have you on  
 I support because I know she will fight to empower communities along the border whose voices and needs have been…
 He is a very good boy!
 Congrats and thank you so much!
I stand with the planners, designers, and inspectors at Southern California Edison who want to join Local 20. It should be quick and easy to join a union, and Southern California Edison should respect the process. 
My message at the  Progressives have one shot in 2020, and we need to elect a leader who will get things done.I know how to fight, I know how to build a coalition—and I know how to win. 
Thank you I'm deeply grateful for your endorsement. I promise to continue listening to and learning from your members and immigrant communities as we fight to build an America where immigrants are safe, welcome, and have every opportunity to thrive. 
We're looking at a serious economic downturn because of coronavirus—and the Trump administration is bungling every aspect of this crisis. I have a plan to combat this outbreak and make sure our economy works for everyone. That's the leadership we need. 
We only have 1 more day to show the strength of our grassroots movement before the FEC deadline on February 29.Will you chip in $2 or whatever you can? I wouldn’t ask if it wasn't important. 
Mike Bloomberg admitted to spying on Muslim communities. Instead of apologizing, he said it was the “natural place to go.”This moment in history calls on us to confront anti-Muslim policies and ensure they never happen again—not elect someone who defends bigoted practices. 
I couldn’t be more grateful to have by my side in the fight to save our democracy and build a country that works for everyone. 
So let's imagine is a billionaire, and that plate of ribs represents all of his money. It would just take a teeny tiny corner to pay for universal child care—and more! 
Border communities reflect the best of what America can be. They deserve a champion and a partner fighting for them in Washington. That’s why I’m proud to support 
Thank you, I’m grateful to have you on  and I’m proud to fight alongside you to defend our democracy. 
The Trump administration's careless incompetence has put lives at risk. Punishing whistleblowers shows how unwilling they are to take responsibility. It's time for a competent leader in the White House to manage this crisis. 
The February FEC deadline is in 2 days. It’s the last deadline before  our most important deadline yet.Will you donate $2 right now to our campaign? It’s all hands on deck during this critical time. 
 Border communities spoke ; listened. She made a plan, informed by our voices. We're grateful ; we welcome other…
We are facing a global pandemic and a potential economic crash, and this is how Donald Trump is spending his time. We need an adult in the White House. 
Selfie lines are fun, but they're also where I hear the most devastating stories. The girl who I just did pinkie promises with, who has brain cancer. The families crushed by student loan debt who see no future. These are the stories I carry with me—and they fuel my fight. 
Bernie and I both wanted to rein in Wall Street after the 2008 financial crash.I was the one who dug in, fought back, and created the agency that forced the banks to return more than $12 billion to people they cheated.  
 and I played a game of "Guess the Billionaire" on think I did pretty well! 
I'm so grateful to this group of youth activists for standing with us in the fight for big structural change. Let's go! 
Thank you, I'll fight shoulder-to-shoulder with you to defeat the climate crisis, and I'll work every day to make you proud of your vote. 
 I don’t know how this administration sleeps at night. This destruction is untenable. We need a new president. 
Read my full plan to ensure our federal government is accountable to border communities: 
A few steps to one side of the border shouldn't mean you forfeit basic rights. As president, I’ll work to reverse this decision legislatively to ensure accountability for victims of border patrol violence—regardless of what side of the border you’re on. 
We need to get our priorities straight and focus on keeping the American people safe—not funding a monument to hate. I've introduced a bill to divert every dime Donald Trump is spending on his racist wall to fighting the coronavirus. 
Border communities reflect the best of America, but too often politicians in Washington degrade and divide them for political gain. I've got a plan to stop Donald Trump's militarization of the border and fight for safe, prosperous border communities. 
Farmers like Germaine Jenkins are supporting their communities—and we need to ensure that they have the opportunity to succeed. I'm fighting for a new farm economy that meaningfully includes farmers of color and environmental justice so that small farmers like her can thrive. 
How do we get more women into presidential politics? Elect one for president. I'm ready.  
I know it's possible to work with Republicans to deliver help to the American people—because I've done it.  
I'm grateful to for leading on criminal justice reform and consistently highlighting this issue. And thank you to for challenging me to join him. I ask you to continue holding me accountable.  Read my full, updated plan here. 
At the same time, overcrowded prisons too often fail to meet basic human rights standards. Under existing conditions, these sentences are inhumane. A president can use her clemency powers to right systemic injustice—and I plan to do just that.
Data show that people tend to age out of crime and are less likely to recidivate, but thousands of elderly people remain behind bars. Those serving sentences equivalent to life are disproportionately Black and Brown, many for nonviolent crimes or crimes committed as juveniles.
Today I'm announcing that, in a Warren administration, we will create a clemency board that will prioritize cases of older Americans incarcerated for unduly long sentences and establish a presumption of release, unless the board finds a danger to public safety.
The president has significant powers to grant clemency and pardons, and historically presidents have used that power broadly. But today’s hierarchical process at DOJ results in relatively few and conservative clemency recommendations.
My heart aches for Kaia. This is absolutely unacceptable. No student should have to learn in an environment where there is a threat of incarceration. We need to reduce police presence in schools and invest in the resources and support our students need. 
The Trump administration is bungling the response to coronavirus, putting our public health and our economy at risk. We need a real plan to respond to outbreaks—and an adult in charge. 
We need a Justice Department and a president that treats white supremacy as the domestic terrorism threat it is. And we need a president who will fight to end the gun violence epidemic.  
I want to see an FDA that is based on science.  
I’m grateful to everyone who watched my  tonight. Together, we can make our government actually work for the people. I’m in this fight all the way. Chip in $2 now if you are, too. 
Climate justice is right at the heart of my plan to fight the climate crisis.  
We need to build an economy from the grassroots up. If we cancel student loan debt, we can grow our economy and make sure it works for everyone.  
Last week, we raised $9 million in three days. Will you chip in $2 right now? I believe in the power of our grassroots movement.  
After the 2008 financial crash, Bernie and I both wanted to rein in Wall Street.I was the one who dug in, fought back, and created the agency that forced the banks to return more than $12 billion to people they cheated. 
See you soon, going to be fun! Tune in tonight at 11:35 PM ET. 
I had an idea to make hearing aids more affordable. The first person I called to help get the legislation passed was a Republican. We got it done. Next year, Americans will be able to buy hearing aids over the counter. 
40 years of trickle-down economics.40 years of not investing in the American people. Our economy needs big, structural change. 
We can build an America from the grassroots up—we just have to decide to do it. 
Donald Trump is bungling our response to the coronavirus. We need a real plan to fight back—and I've got one. Tomorrow, I’m introducing a plan that takes every dime Donald Trump is spending on his racist wall, and diverting it to fighting the coronavirus.  
In 2012, I ran against an incumbent Republican. He was very popular and had as much money as he wanted from Wall Street. I ended up beating that guy by 7 1/2 points. 
How do we get more women to run for president?Elect one for president.I'm ready. 
I will appoint a head of the FDA who believes in science. 
We need an Attorney General and a Justice Department that believe in actually enforcing civil rights laws. 
I don't owe anything to the tobacco industry. Or the drug industry. Or the prison industrial complex.When I see corruption, I stand up and fight back. 
In the early 2000s I could see what was happening on mortgages, and how communities of color were being targeted. I rang every alarm bell that I could. This is the fight I’ve been in. 
We must treat housing like a basic human right. That means we need safe, accessible housing for everyone. I have a plan for that.  
No one in our country should be paid subminimum wages. It’s time to raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. 
I'll tell you something about us teachers.We see the worth of every human.We love our work.We never give up.
I think the top one tenth of 1% can afford to pay a little more so we can invest in all our kids. That’s why I have a plan for a  in America: A two cent tax on fortunes above $50 million. 
For a price I could pay on a part-time waitressing job, I finished my four-year diploma and became a special education teacher.That opportunity is not out there for young people today. 
We’ve had 40 years of trickle-down economics. It’s been a complete failure. So what do we need to do? Build an economy from the grassroots up. 
The Democratic Party is a progressive party. Progressive ideas are popular. 
The gun industry and the NRA are calling the shots in Washington instead of the American people. It’s corruption plain and simple—and that’s why fighting corruption is at the top of my agenda. 
We need to treat gun violence like the public health emergency it is. 
We need a Justice Department and a president who will treat white supremacy as the domestic terrorism that it is. 
We can either have a president who is all about politics and himself, or a president like the one I’m running to be: A president that gets the job done for the American people. 
Tomorrow, I’m introducing a plan that takes every dime Donald Trump is spending on his wall, and diverting it to fighting the coronavirus. 
Join us for our  tonight at 10 PM ET on as we talk about our vision of big, structural change—and how we’re dreaming big and fighting hard to make it happen.
Woo-hoo! February isn’t over yet, and we already more than doubled our original fundraising goal, raising more than $21 million—our best month yet. This is what the power of our grassroots movement looks like. Chip in $1 now—let’s do this together. 
As the proud daughter of a janitor, I stand with the members of who are fighting not just for the wages and benefits they deserve, but also to protect the health of their workers, community, and our planet. My team is proud to be joining you on the picket line tomorrow. 
 Congrats, Your members are doing incredible work, and I'll proudly fight beside you to strengthen and empower the voices of unions.
I'm fighting for justice and opportunity for Black men in America—and I want to make sure we center their voices and experiences in this fight. I'm committed to continue listening and learning, and I'm grateful to and for moderating this conversation. 
This is outrageous. We should use every tool at our disposal, including government manufacturing or contracting if necessary, to make this vaccine available to everyone who needs it. Former Pharma lobbyist Azar should stop putting profits ahead of people's lives. 
We are not going to defeat Donald Trump with another arrogant billionaire who has argued for cutting crucial benefits for families that have earned them.The core of the Democratic Party will never trust him. Mike Bloomberg is the riskiest candidate. 
I'm about to join to speak about our shared fight for big, structural change—watch our livestream from Charleston, South Carolina now! 
I'm devastated for the victims, and my heart is with their loved ones and all those affected by this tragedy.We shouldn't have to live with this constant horror and grief. We need to act now to end the gun violence epidemic. 
Thank you, I’m honored to receive the endorsement of someone who has dedicated his life to human rights advocacy and fighting for democracy. I'm proud to fight alongside you to build a better country and a better world. 
Michigan's Line 5 pipeline is a threat to millions who rely on the Great Lakes for clean water and a healthy economy. My plans for a  will rebuild our infrastructure and create over 10 million union jobs. Let's  and build a 100% clean energy future.
 We know We know that her plans lay out a bold vision for what our government can do when it works for everyone…
I'm heartsick for Alexa and her loved ones. This epidemic keeps growing. We must use every tool we have to end it and protect trans women of color.  
Big money is powerful, but it doesn't always win. I know that firsthand. When I ran against an incumbent Republican in the Senate, Mike Bloomberg endorsed the Republican and raised big money for him. But I beat him anyway.I believe in people over money. 
 With so much at stake—our democracy, our planet, our lives—it is not enough just to defeat Donald Trump. has the hea…
Legalizing marijuana needs to be about more than just allowing its use. We have to undo a century of racist policy, help rebuild the communities that have suffered the most harm, and ensure everyone can enjoy the opportunities this new market can provide.  
Our event with is about to start—tune in to our livestream from Orangeburg, South Carolina! 
 It’s time for a President who’s empathetic and effective has spent her life fighting for our families - she’…
Families took incredible risks to fight for a better education for their children. But our government isn't living up to its responsibilities. Funding is inadequate and inequitable, and public schools are more segregated now than thirty years ago. I've got a plan to fix this. 
I'm grateful for the endorsement. Together, I know we can root out the corruption in Washington and build a country and an economy that work for everyone—join us! 
I believe the women—and I want to hear their stories. 
I just stepped off the debate stage and I want to say thank you for all the support after the last  Let’s do it again!  
For me, this is about how we treat other people and how we lift them up. That is why I am in this fight, that is why I am running to be president, and that is why I will be an effective president.  
We cannot ask our military to solve problems that cannot be solved militarily.  
While Mike Bloomberg was blaming the housing crash of 2008 on African Americans and Latinos, I was fighting for a consumer agency to protect families from being cheated by Wall Street and the Big Banks.  
My motto ties in directly to Matthew 25: Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.It’s about how we treat other people and lift them up. That is why I am in this fight. 
I just stepped off the  stage feeling grateful for everyone who tuned in tonight. Together, we’re growing our movement.February has been our campaign’s best fundraising month yet—will you chip in $2 before midnight tonight to keep it up? 
The filibuster is giving a veto to the gun industry, a veto to the oil industry, a veto on immigration. If we want to make progress, it's time to end the filibuster.  
We need to speak to the future we can build together. It's time for a  in America so we can invest in our families and ensure we have universal child care, high-quality public education, universal free public college, and cancel student loan debt.  
People want a chance to hear from the women that Mike Bloomberg and his company have gagged with nondisclosure agreements.If he says there is nothing to hide here, then sign a blanket release and let the women speak out and tell their stories.  
Trump has bungled the response to the coronavirus outbreak. I have a plan to prevent and prepare for outbreaks, contain them if they do break out, and push for medical advances to treat emerging infectious diseases. 
Billionaires don’t scare me. Big Oil doesn’t scare me. Big Pharma doesn’t scare me. Chip in $2, and I’ll fight my heart out against the big corporate interests as your next president.  
A president’s first job is to keep America safe. All three of my brothers served in the military, and I understand how much the military sacrifices. We have a responsibility to them. We cannot use our military to solve problems that cannot be solved militarily. 
My Secretary of Education will be someone who has taught in public schools.My Secretary of Education will believe in public education. My Secretary of Education will believe that public dollars should stay in public schools. 
If we want to build a future in this country, then we do that by investing in our children. I’ve got a plan to invest $800 billion in our public schools.  
Mike Bloomberg has dumped millions of dollars into trying to elect Republicans—including the incumbent Senate Republican I beat. I don't care how much money he has. The core of the Democratic Party will never trust him—and that makes him the riskiest candidate.  
While Mayor Bloomberg was blaming the 2008 housing crash on Black and Latino Americans, I was out there fighting to create the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to make sure people aren’t cheated on their mortgages. 
It's not enough to talk about housing neutrally. We need to talk about race.We must call out the decades of government-sponsored discrimination against Black Americans buying homes and fight back. I have a plan for that.  
My Secretary of Education will believe in public education.My Secretary of Education will believe in public schools.My Secretary of Education will believe that it’s time to end high-stakes testing. My Secretary of Education will be a former public school teacher. 
The Democratic Party is a progressive party, and progressive ideas are popular ideas. But getting that agenda enacted is going to be hard.I know how to fight, I know how to build a coalition—and I know how to win.  
Gun violence is a public health crisis. That’s why I have a comprehensive plan to end the NRA’s influence and eliminate corrupt lawmakers’ ability to block our government from defending the lives of our people.  
I asked Mayor Bloomberg to release all the women from non-disclosure agreements—which he refuses to do. His response? "Enough is never enough” for her. That's right—and I’ll keep fighting for everyone whose voices need to be heard. 
I’ve seen gun control legislation introduced in the Senate, get a majority vote—and then fail to pass because of the filibuster. Understand this: Many people on the  stage don’t support rolling back the filibuster—I do. We need to roll it back.
Billionaires don’t have to worry about fundraising goals. But we do. Will you chip in $2 or whatever you can during the  to make our campaign’s best month for fundraising even better?
How about a  in America? With a small wealth tax on the top one-tenth of 1%, we have a chance to invest in Universal Child Care, put $50 billion into HBCUs, and start closing the racial wealth gap by canceling student loan debt for 43 million Americans. 
Bloomberg and his companies have been accused of harassment and discrimination. But the women are bound by nondisclosures so they cannot speak. If he says there is nothing to hide here, then sign a blanket release and let the women speak out and tell their stories. 
I don't care how much money Mayor Bloomberg has. The core of the Democratic Party will never trust him, and that means he is the riskiest candidate standing on this stage.He hasn’t earned their trust. I will. 
In 2012, Mayor Bloomberg scooped in to try to defend another Republican senator against a woman challenger: me. It didn't work, but he tried hard. 
Who funded Lindsey Graham's campaign for re-election last time? Mayor Bloomberg. And that's not the only right-wing Senator that Mayor Bloomberg has funded. In 2016, he dumped $12 million into the Pennsylvania Senate race to help re-elect a right-wing senator. 
Want to see how the leading Democratic candidates’ health care plans compare? 
Progressives have one shot in 2020, and we need to spend it with a leader who will get something done. 
Bernie and I both wanted to rein in Wall Street. We both got our chance—but I’m the one who dug in, fought the banks, and I won.Bernie and I both want to see  But Bernie's plan doesn't explain how to get there or how we’ll pay for it. Mine does. 
The Democratic party is a progressive party, and progressive ideas are popular ideas—even if there are a lot of people on the  stage who don't want to say so.
We’re moments away from the  and I’m thinking about the power of our grassroots movement.Together, we raised more than $21 million this month so far—our campaign’s best month ever. Will you pitch in $2 before the  begins?
Thank you, I'm humbled and grateful for your endorsement. I'm proud to support Yes on Measure R, and to fight beside you for comprehensive criminal justice reform. 
 Ahead of the  we are proud to release the latest list of  - over 400 (!) strong.  
 And I’m so grateful!
It’s important to strengthen relationships with democratic partners like India. But we must be able to speak truthfully about our values, including religious freedom and freedom of expression—and violence against peaceful protestors is never acceptable. 
Powerful people want everyone else with less power to be quiet.So yeah, I am angry—and I own it. I plan to use that anger to fight against systemic injustices and put power in the hands of the people. 
I'm heartsick for the people of Idlib. The U.S. cannot solve every problem militarily, but we should increase our humanitarian assistance, allow more refugees to come to our country, and lead international efforts to broker a ceasefire and end this war. 
 San Francisco: let’s get out the vote for on Super Tuesday next week!  
Like so much else, the Trump administration’s bungled response to the coronavirus outbreak is a mess. As president, I will lead a competent administration prepared to combat outbreaks—because our public health, economy, and national security depend on it.
The outbreak also shows how vulnerable our manufacturing sector and our economy are to disruptions in China. I’ve got a plan to bring more production back home, which will create jobs and reduce our vulnerability to supply chain disruptions. 
We should be taking action right now to mitigate the supply chain impacts of the outbreak. The government should be helping American manufacturers find alternative sources for parts and production and helping American exporters find new purchasers.
The economic threat is also growing—the 1800-point drop in the Dow this week is the tip of the iceberg. Without swift action, supply chain disruptions and reduced purchases will have severe, long-term effects on our entire economy.
As the virus spreads, the Chinese Communist Party’s ongoing attempts to hide what’s happening in China endangers the health of people around the world. Instead of praising Xi, as Trump has done, we should lead a global effort to uphold principles of open science and transparency.
Even worse, Trump refuses to centralize crisis management in the White House—allowing CDC scientists to be overruled and sowing internal dysfunction. All this mismanagement casts doubt on how effectively he can deploy emergency funding. 
Before requesting much needed emergency funding, Trump pushed again and again for dangerous budget cuts to public health and aid programs—but we win the fight against outbreaks by preparing and investing in advance, not scrambling once they’ve spread. 
We must treat coronavirus as the serious health, diplomatic, and economic threat it is. Weeks ago, I released a plan for the health risks: more funding for public health and international aid programs, and centralize response management in the White House. 
The Trump administration is absolutely bungling the response to coronavirus, putting our public health and our economy at risk. This is why we need a real plan and an adult in charge. Here's what I think we should be doing.
We need to shift from trickle-down economics to grassroots-up economics. That means a  so we can invest in families. And we need a president who will stand up to Wall Street to protect consumers. That's how we'll build an economy from the ground up. 
Back when I was a young mom, toasters could actually set your kitchen on fire—ask me how I know! But the Consumer Product Safety Commission stepped in, and now they have safety switches.I had an idea for an agency to protect consumers from being cheated—and it became the CFPB. 
If we fight side by side, we can beat the Big Banks, Big Oil, and Big Pharma—and actually make our government work for the people.Chip in $2 before midnight to help make it happen. 
Black history is American history. And that history teaches us that racism has shaped crucial aspects of our economic and political system for generations. But if we fight side by side, we can make real, structural change that will honor that history. 
We need a president who will fight for working families—not for Big Banks. That’s why I’m in this fight.Will you chip in $2 or whatever you can to join me?
We've had three years of Donald Trump, and people are afraid. Our democracy hangs in the balance in this election. So here's the decision that we have to make—do we pull back, or do we get in the fight?Me, I'm fighting back. Fighting back is an act of patriotism. 
 When so many locally are quiet about Tommy’s death and the need to reform cash bail, I’m glad my candidate took a…
 Your bravery and resolve is an inspiration for all of us. Thank you, Ashley—and thank you to all of the women who stepped forward to speak truth to power. My heart goes out to you all today.
 and I want to meet you! Chip in $1 or more before midnight, and you’ll be automatically entered for the chance to meet John Legend and me in South Carolina. 
This case could have catastrophic consequences for LGBTQ+ people. The only thing that should matter is whether parents can provide a safe and loving home for their children—and in a Warren administration, that’s the only thing that will. 
 Early vote in Massachusetts starts TODAY. is building a powerful grassroots movement centered on the people…
Thank you I’m so grateful for your endorsement, and proud to be in this fight with you against corruption—and for big, structural change. 
LGBTQ+ South Carolinians face significant disparities in both their health and their health care. This is why we need  to ensure LGBTQ+ people get the equitable, gender-affirming, and culturally-competent health care they need. 
Thank you, I’m grateful to have you on  
I am deeply grateful for endorsement. I will proudly fight beside her to protect the rights of immigrants and refugees, and to build a country of our best values. 
 
I will carry Rachel and Ramona's story with me to the White House. And I'll fight for  for their family, and every family in our country. 
I'm so grateful and humbled that Usree is putting her trust in me with her first vote as a U.S. citizen. My promise to Usree’s family and to every family in America is this: I will keep fighting so your kids get the health care and education they need and deserve. 
 Rep. Wendy Brawley knows that walks the talk — and that’s why she’s 🗽Join her, and
Will we let the fear hold us back, or are we going to fight back? Me, I'm fighting back. Thank you, Denver! 
 Check out Elizabeth Warren’s new ad running in Texas! She knows our state, has roots here, and is fighting for working…
 experience trying to get necessary medication for her daughter has become a sad reality of the American health care system. No one should be able to make a profit off denying people the care and medication they need. This is why I’m fighting for  
Katherine Johnson was a trailblazer whose work sent Americans to the moon, and is still being used to send us into space today. Her incredible legacy will continue to inspire generations of girls everywhere. 
We’re less than a week away from the South Carolina primary—and it’s all hands on deck. Will you chip in $2 or whatever you can right now? These are crucial moments that will make all the difference.  
 Yes!  
I wasn’t born a politician. But I was born a fighter. And I’m not afraid to fight for big, structural change. Thank you, Seattle! 
We can't afford to nickel and dime essential health and aid programs. We need to act—now. Read my full plan to prevent, contain, and treat infectious disease outbreaks like coronavirus. 
We need all hands on deck now to fight the spread of coronavirus. While Donald Trump has no plan and proposes dramatic cuts to the CDC, the World Health Organization, and other global health programs, I proposed a plan nearly a month ago to fight global pandemics. 
Selfies, pinkie promises, hugs and games are the best ways to kick off an event! 
 In this election, we are in a fight between the world as we see it and the world as it should be.With Colo…
I'm proud to partner with and in this fight for families in Colorado and across the country. 
Thank you everyone for welcoming me to Colorado! 
 California is fired up and ready to knock doors for saw her in the debate hold one unaccountable billiona…
I’m grateful to be in this fight alongside Chip in $1 or more now, and we could get to meet soon—you, me, and John! 
Bridgette’s experience highlights many of the problems of our criminal justice system—from how it fails to protect survivors of domestic violence, to the injustice of mandatory minimums, to the lack of rehabilitative services. That's why I've got a comprehensive plan for reform. 
 “The term “marijuana” itself was racialized, meant to associate the plant with Mexican-origin people, stigmatizing both. And…
 People may know criminalization predominantly affects Black communities. But few have been paying attention to how the budding…
Tommy Young died in a county jail, where he was being held because he couldn't afford to pay the $100 bond. It's long past time to end the punitive financial burden that is cash bail. 
 I can definitely feel debate momentum here in San Diego tonight.Super Tuesday is right around the corner, an…
We can't allow affluent and mostly white hedge-funders and capital investors to hoard the profits from the same behavior that led to the incarceration of generations Black and Latino youth. We must ensure equity in accessing the cannabis industry.  
Denver is ready to dream big and fight hard! Tune in for our live town hall, happening now. 
I’m so grateful to have on my team! 
Legalizing marijuana is about more than just allowing its use. It’s about undoing a century of racist policy that disproportionately targeted Black and Latino communities and rebuilding the communities that have suffered the most harm. 
My friends and colleagues and have led the fight to repair the damage done by failed anti-marijuana policies. I am proud to support the MORE Act and the Marijuana Justice Act, and will continue to fight for those reforms as president.
I've got a plan to legalize marijuana, rebuild communities devastated by failed anti-marijuana policies, and ensure that those communities are equally able to participate in the budding cannabis industry. Here’s how we’ll do it. 
Since Wednesday night, our movement has been growing everywhere. This fight is our fight—join us. 
We need to address the stigma around mental health and make sure that everyone has the full health care coverage they need—including mental health care.  ensures that everyone has the health care they need. 
Starting your own business is hard—and it's especially hard for women and people of color. I've got a plan to help entrepreneurs start small businesses, and give them the opportunity to thrive. 
 SAN ANTONIO! Join me in welcoming to the Alamo City next Thursday at Sunset Station. Elizabeth can turn Texas…
We're about to go live from our town hall in Seattle—join us! 
Teachers deserve fair pay, and students need more mental health resources. And as a former special ed teacher, I know those educators need manageable workloads to best support their students. I stand with the teachers of 
Thank you, I'm so grateful for your endorsement! 
 She’s a real one ♥️She’s a partner ; she keeps her promise 
I stopped by a caucus in Henderson, Nevada, to say hello to volunteers and caucusgoers. Thank you to everyone who participated in democracy today! 
This is excellent news—and it should be the standard everywhere. My administration will fight for climate justice and make sure frontline communities who have suffered the effects of industrial pollution—overwhelmingly Black and Brown communities—lead the conversation. 
I'm so grateful that will be joining and me next week to help us get out the vote—join us!Orangeburg:  Charleston:  
Who will we meet, 
I've had it with billionaires who think the rules don't apply to them. 
This moment demands urgency. I will partner with Latina activists and organizers—and together, we will fight for the big, structural change we need. 
I proudly fought beside and to protect consumers after the 2008 financial crash. As president, I’ll keep fighting to protect families in Nevada and across the country. 
Nevada, get out and caucus today!  
 It’s caucus day in Nevada! Get out to caucus and elect a woman who knows how to hold unaccountable billionaires to accoun…
Had a great time with chatting with voters at Nevada, remember to get out and caucus!  
 Nevada, ¿tienes preguntas sobre cómo apoyar a Elizabeth en el caucus hoy? Tenemos respuestas. Echa un vistazo aquí para apr…
Nevada, here’s everything you need to know to caucus today! 
I want every person who pitches in a few bucks to our campaign to know: I’m deeply grateful for you. Together, we’re building a movement to put power in the hands of the people. Chip in now to keep up the momentum.  
Families are struggling to get by. They just want a chance—for themselves and for their kids. and I are fighting to make sure every family has a chance to thrive. 
Thank you, I’m deeply grateful for your endorsement, and I will fight alongside you so that LGBTQ+ kids feel safe and supported. 
We can build a country where everyone has a chance to thrive if we dream big and fight hard—together. Let’s go, Nevada!  
Twelve years after the financial crash, working families are still struggling to get by. Wages have barely budged, while the costs of housing, child care, and health care are soaring. We need to build an economy that works for working families in Nevada and across the country. 
Millions of children could lose their health care coverage because of the Trump administration's cruel public charge rule. Families shouldn't be forced to choose between staying in our country or ensuring their kids get health care. As president, I'll roll back this policy. 
 I ❤️ the teacher in 
Donald Trump's expanded Muslim Ban is now in effect.But the Muslim Ban didn't come out of nowhere—it builds on existing policies that have targeted Muslim communities for years.We must confront the deep-seated anti-Muslim racism in our society and in our policies.
I think there’s a 50/50 chance that Donald Trump looks at debating me and doesn’t even show up. He ain’t that brave. 
 I always recommend a good cardigan!
Thank you, so grateful to have you on  
 📢 “The reason that we support is because she understands how race shapes policy and how race shapes practice……
I opposed Las Vegas’s harmful law that criminalizes homelessness. We are facing a housing crisis across this country. That's why I've got a plan to invest in real, federal resources to help build or rehab more than 3 million homes across the country. 
I’m deeply grateful for your support and endorsements. Let’s go, Nevada! 
We're going live from our Las Vegas event with 
Like I said yesterday, Mike Bloomberg and his company should issue a blanket waiver so anyone who wants to come forward can come forward, with or without Bloomberg's prior permission. 
Thank you, Gina! I’m so grateful to have you and Briar on  Keep persisting! 
After the 2008 financial crash, I held hearings in Nevada with families who were losing their homes. I fought to hold banks accountable and protect homeowners—and as president, I'll fight so that families in Nevada and across the country have a safe and affordable place to live. 
I've fought for years for real accountability for Wells Fargo and its executives. This is a small step in the right direction, but it's not a substitute for holding senior executives individually accountable—and bringing criminal charges against them if the evidence justifies it. 
Congratulations on your first vote as a U.S. citizen, Humbled that you put your trust behind me. I promise to fight for you—and for all immigrant youth—as hard as I fight for my family. And we’ll do it together. 
I’m so grateful to have on  This is how we’ll build the movement for big, structural change—together. 
Thank you so much, I’m so grateful for your endorsement, and I’m proud to partner with you to fight for South Carolina families. 
This is how we’ll defeat Donald Trump—together. 
As the first woman, and first Latina, to serve as chief executive of a Texas county home to 5 million people, knows what it’s like to fight her heart out for the future Americans deserve. I’m deeply grateful for her endorsement! 
Puerto Rico needs debt relief—and they need it now. I have been in this fight since before I ran for president, and I will fight for Puerto Rico as president of the United States. 
These comments are horrifying, and the attitude they reflect directly leads to the violence that trans people face.We will not defeat Trump by undermining the dignity and safety of LGBTQ+ Americans—and someone who does cannot be the leader of our party. 
As the 2008 financial crisis was unfolding, I got a call from asking me to lead the Congressional Oversight Panel. We've been partners in the fight to protect consumers ever since. 
I stand with the people of McFarland, California. No town should have to live in a state of constant fear. We need to close private detention centers like this GEO facility and invest in rural farm worker communities. 
I told Priyanka: Yes, it really is me! She chipped in $10 after the  so I gave her a call to say thank you. We’re in this fight together, Priyanka—and we got this.  
It was great talking to Christopher and his husband, Ryan! They chipped in a few bucks to our campaign and helped us reach our fundraising goal before the Nevada caucuses.I couldn’t be more grateful. Donate $2 or more now—and I could call you next!  
I'm going to fight like hell to build a country that works for everyone.Watch our new Colorado ad. And if you're a Colorado voter, remember to mail in your ballot! 
Bigotry and hatred towards immigrants is growing around the world, with deadly consequences. We have a responsibility to step up and fight back. My administration will work with our international partners to fight the spread of white supremacist violence. 
You never give up on someone else, because that’s what being a teacher is all about.  
Immigration does not make our country weaker—immigration makes our country stronger.  
It should worry all of us that we now live in an America where one political party seems to think that foreign interference helps them in an election. That makes the challenge we face enormous. It's up to the voters to make sure Democrats win big in November.  
It's time for a  in America.  
I’m grateful to everyone who tuned in to my  tonight. Let’s keep the momentum going. Will you chip in $2 before midnight? $12 million before the Nevada caucuses is our most ambitious goal yet—but I know we can do it together. 
Our campaign is bigger and stronger now because we have people working on it from and campaign. We have people who worked with and That's how we build a strong, inclusive campaign. 
I want to tell you exactly the kind of vice president I want: Someone who will be in this fight alongside me for your families. Someone who feels this fight passionately—and who brings his, her, or their own energy to get it done. 
Never give up.That’s what being a teacher is all about. No matter how hard it gets, no matter how steep the road looks, no matter how many times it doesn’t look like it’s moving forward, you just don’t give up. 
What kind of an America do we want to be?Do we want to be an America where 2 cents goes to millionaires and billionaires just to get richer? Or do we want to use that money to invest in an entire generation?That's how we build a future in America. 
We can take my  and provide:✔️ Universal Child Care ✔️ Universal pre-k✔️ Increased wages for child care workers✔️ $800 billion investment in public schools
I won’t talk about climate without talking about climate justice. For decades, our government has permitted polluting factories and toxic waste dumps to be put in Black and Latino communities, over and over and over. Enough.  
Climate change is an existential threat. I not only support a  also have a plan for a  because we've got to be thinking about our oceans as well.  
My plan to build 3.2 million new housing units across this country is fully paid for by asking the wealthiest families to pay their fair share. It’s housing for working families, for people experiencing homelessness, for veterans, for seniors, and more. 
I opposed Las Vegas’s harmful law that criminalizes being poor. Homelessness is a problem across our country. And you know it here, Nevada: We've also got a housing crisis in this country. 
Mike Bloomberg can easily release the women who have accused him of sexual harassment and discrimination. I used to teach contract law—so I made it simple for him.  
We need to make sure that everyone has the full health care coverage they need—and that includes mental health care.  makes certain that everyone has access to the health care they need. 
The world has changed since 2016.In 2018, Democrats took back Nevada because women ran, and women won. And that’s exactly what we’re going to do in 2020. 
If Mitch McConnell tries to do to me what he did to President Obama—block whatever our administration is trying to do—then I'm all for rolling back the filibuster. And that means we could get immigration reform done on 50 votes. 
Immigration does not make this nation weaker—immigration makes this country stronger. We need to expand legal immigration, and that means a pathway to citizenship for all of our neighbors, friends, and loved ones who are here. 
I believe in the rule of law. That means we need a Justice Department with an Attorney General whose loyalty is not to the person who sits in the White House. The loyalty oath they take is to the Constitution of the United States of America. 
I want everyone to hear this who is in the Trump administration right now: If you get out there and break the law now serving this president, he may be willing to look the other way, but President Warren will not look the other way. 
Let's face it. We cannot afford to win in November by a little tiny bit.We must win by so much that no one can deny it. Chip in now to help make it happen. 
It’s deeply worrisome that we now live in an America where one political party seems to think political interference helps them in an election. We’ll keep pushing Mitch McConnell to tighten security around our elections. 
My  is supported by Democrats, Independents, and Republicans. Why? Because Americans, regardless of party affiliations, understand they're getting the short end of the stick. It’s time for a little basic fairness. 
Before the financial crisis, I kept warning about how mortgage companies were targeting communities of color. I was out there ringing every alarm bell I could ring. But nobody wanted to hear it. So I got in that fight. That's why I was right here in Nevada. 
All I can do here at tonight’s  and for as long as I am in this race, as long as I've got breath in my body—is to fight for working families, and to make this an America that isn't just about all the riches getting sucked up to the top. 
I didn't spend my life thinking I’d be a president or senator. I spent my life studying what was happening to working families in America. I was a teacher and a researcher. And I kept watching year by year, as life just got tougher and tougher for working people. 
If Mike Bloomberg is not willing to release the women from the NDAs, then he is disqualified from being president of the United States. 
This is an election for president of the United States. Transparency here is important. 
Mike Bloomberg can easily release the women who have accused him of sexual harassment—and who voluntarily want to speak about their experiences—from their non-disclosure agreements. Take a look at how simple and straightforward it would be: 
Join us live at 9 PM ET tonight for the  
 Elizabeth Warren is building a winning coalition that looks like America.Come be a part of it. Visit 
My boy!  
 We’re out knocking doors and talking to voters with the team. I urge you to support my good friend
Thank you for welcoming and me! I'll fight to build a humane immigration system that reflects our best values, and build a government and economy that works for Latino and immigrant families across the country. 
Russia is interfering in our election again to help elect Trump.After members of Congress were briefed about this threat, Trump fired the acting Director of National Intelligence.Trump is shredding the rule of law—and the integrity of our democracy.
  is gathering black women across America tomorrow night for a virtual conversation with Presidential cand…
We’re not going to beat Donald Trump with a man who silences women with nondisclosure agreements. We are not going to beat Donald Trump with a man who supported racist policies like stop-and-frisk.We are not going to beat Donald Trump with another arrogant billionaire. 
It's time to put power in the hands of the people—and that means strengthening and empowering our unions. I've led the effort to end so-called "right-to-work" laws, and as president, I'll make sure it's quick and easy to join a union. 
 Packed house in Nevada this morning fired up for after that 🔥  last night! 
Since I stepped on the  stage, our grassroots campaign has raised more than $5 million. We’ve not only reached our critical goal of raising $7 million before the Nevada caucuses—we're now raising it to $12 million. I'm so grateful. Keep it up! 
We choose hope over fear. We choose courage over cynicism. I’m proud to partner with in this fight. 
I’m so proud to have on my team! 
Trans athletes are not a threat. We need to protect trans kids—and all LGBTQ+ kids—and ensure they feel safe and welcomed at school. I urge the Arizona legislature to reject this cruel bill. 
State legislators like are fighting hard to protect our reproductive rights from right-wing ideologues. I'll fight alongside them and push for federal laws that protect reproductive care in every state. 
I was humbled to be on The fight to defeat Donald Trump must include Latino, Latina, and Latinx voices—and I’m determined to continue listening and learning from the community. Thank you for having me, 
Too often, Black moms feel ignored, terrified, and discriminated against while giving birth. All of this contributes to the Black maternal mortality crisis we face. It's time to tackle this crisis head-on, and I've got a plan for that. 
This country has worked for the rich and powerful for a long time and left everyone else in the dirt. It's time to have a president who will be on the side of working families and will fight for them. I'm not afraid to fight back. That is how I will beat Donald Trump.  
 THIS MORNING: Fresh off last night’s  stage, Sen. joins co-hosts LIVE from Las Vegas. 
Thank you, and I’m deeply grateful for your endorsement. I will continue to listen and learn from you, and I ask that you continue to hold me accountable as we fight together for big, structural change. 
I am deeply humbled by this endorsement, and I’m proud to partner with to build a country and a government that works for Black families and communities across the country. 
We’re running out of time before the Nevada caucuses. Will you pitch in $2 right now and get in the fight?  
Mike Bloomberg got a number of women—who knows how many—to sign non-disclosure agreements for sexual harassment and gender discrimination.He needs to release the women from the non-disclosure agreements so we can hear their side of the story. Watch our new ad. 
 We just had our best debate day of the entire campaign, raising more than $2.8 million. 🔥Will you chip in $2 right now to…
Just got some great news after the  Today is officially our campaign’s best fundraising day ever.We’re very close to hitting our $7 million fundraising goal before the Nevada caucuses. Will you chip in $2 right now? 
I'll fight for your family just as hard as I've fought for my own.  
I want to make sure that environmental justice gets more than a passing mention. I have made a commitment to invest a trillion dollars to repair the damage that this nation has permitted to be inflicted on communities of color. We have to own up to our responsibility.  
Of all the people on the  stage, I’ve been a politician the shortest—but I've been the one out fighting for families the longest. As President, I'll fight for your family as hard as I fight for mine. 
This is not just a question of Mike Bloomberg’s character—it’s a question about electability. We’re not going to beat Donald Trump with a man who silences women with who knows how many nondisclosure agreements.  
I just stepped off the  stage and got some good news from my team: We’re getting closer to our fundraising goal of $7 million before the Nevada caucuses on Saturday.Chip in $2 and I could give you a call tomorrow to say thanks. 
I grew up in Oklahoma. I grew up fighting.I watched when my dad had a heart attack, when our car was lost, when we were on the edge of losing our home. I watched my mother fight to save our family. And I grew up fighting to save our family. 
A majority of Americans—Democrats, independents, and Republicans—support my  on all fortunes above $50 million.  
This is a question of values. Do we want to invest in Mayor Bloomberg, or in an entire generation of young people? 
With my  we can afford:✅ Universal Child Care and universal pre-k✅ Raise the wages of every childcare worker and preschool teacher✅ Put $800 billion into our public schools✅ $50 billion into our HBCUs and more
This presidential race is about leadership and accountability. Mike Bloomberg needs a different apology.  
There’s a startup gap between white entrepreneurs and Latino entrepreneurs. The principal reason is that Latino entrepreneurs don’t have the equity to get businesses started. I have a plan to put $7 billion in a fund to help people who are routinely cut out. 
The end of redlining didn't cause the 2008 crash. Out-of-control greed by big banks—and the corruption that lets them control our government—caused the crash. We need to confront the shameful legacy of discrimination, not lie about it like Mike Bloomberg has done. 
We can't simply talk about climate change in big, global terms. We have to own up to our responsibility. We need to talk about it in terms of rescuing the communities that have been damaged. 
The question of environmental justice should get more than a glancing blow in this  I have a commitment of a trillion dollars to repair the damage that this nation has permitted to inflict on Black and Brown communities for generations. 
Let’s be clear: We need to get rid of the filibuster. If you're not willing to roll back the filibuster, then you're giving the fossil fuel industry a veto. 
Why can't we get anything passed in Washington on climate? Corruption. The first thing I want to do as president is pass my anti-corruption bill so we can start making changes and stand up to the fossil fuel industry. 
I believe in science.And I believe that one way we're going to deal with the climate crisis is by increasing by tenfold our investment in science. I have a plan for that.  
On my first day as president, I will sign an executive order to stop all new drilling and mining on public lands and offshore drilling. We cannot continue to let our public lands be used for profits. 
While Mike Bloomberg was blaming Blacks and Latinos for the 2008 financial crisis, I was holding hearings with families in Nevada who were losing their homes. I have a record of fighting for working families—and winning.  
This is not just a question of Mayor Bloomberg’s character—it’s a question about electability. We’re not going to beat Donald Trump with a man who silences women with who knows how many nondisclosure agreements. That's not what we do as Democrats. 
Mayor Bloomberg has made women—dozens, who knows—sign nondisclosure agreements for sexual harassment and gender discrimination.Mr. Mayor, are you willing to release all of those women from those nondisclosure agreements so we can hear their side of the story? 
I hope you heard what Mayor Bloomberg’s defense of decades of mistreatment to women was: “I’ve been nice to some women.”That just doesn’t cut it. 
If you want to issue a real apology, then it has to start with the racist intent of the plan, and the willful ignorance of admitting what was happening even as people protested in your own streets. You need a different apology here, Mr. Mayor. 
This is about leadership and accountability. When Mayor Bloomberg apologizes for stop and frisk, he talks about how it turned out. The problem is what it was designed to do to begin with: Target communities of color and Black and Brown men from the start. 
Democrats take a huge risk if we just substitute one arrogant billionaire for another. It's time to have a president who is on the side of working families—and is willing to get out there and fight for them.  
I met a man in Reno with diabetes who gets his insulin through the VA. His sister and daughter also have diabetes—and no way to pay for it.Three human beings right here in Nevada—sharing one insulin prescription.That should not happen in America.  
You can't stand on the  stage and trash  without a realistic plan of your own. And if you're not going to own up to the fact that you don't have a plan—or that your plan will leave people without full coverage—then you need to say so. 
Health care is a crisis in this country. My approach is we need as much help for as many people as quickly as possible. To bring in as many supporters as we can. If we don't get it all the first time, we take the win and come back into the fight to ask for more. 
Wall Street tried to stop us. I won, they lost. We’re not going to beat Donald Trump with a candidate who makes excuses for the powerful. We need a candidate who has shown they can fight them—and win. 
I will never forget one of your neighbors, Mr. Estrada, who broke down in tears over how he did everything right—but then Wells Fargo yanked his home away. I spent years fighting to make sure that would never happen again. 
While Mike Bloomberg was blaming Black and Latino families for the 2008 crash, I was in Nevada—literally down the street from where we’re standing tonight—holding hearings on how Wall Street was ripping homes away from millions of people. 
The way we are going to lead this country and beat Donald Trump is going to be with a candidate who has rock-solid values and who actually gets something done. 
This country has worked for the rich and left everyone else in the dirt for too long. It’s time to have a president who is willing to get out there and fight for working families. That’s why I am in this race. And that’s how I will beat Donald Trump. 
Democrats won’t win if we have a nominee who has a history of hiding his tax returns, harassing women, and supporting racist policies like stop and frisk and redlining. Understand this: Democrats take a huge risk if we substitute one arrogant billionaire for another. 
I'd like to talk about who we're running against: A billionaire who calls women “fat broads” and “horsey-faced lesbians.” And no I'm not talking about Donald Trump. I'm talking about Mayor Bloomberg. 
I’m deeply grateful to everyone who pitches in what they can to our campaign. Together, we can put power in the hands of working people and make our government work for all of us. Join us:  
Brandon, I’m in this fight for you, Drew, and Juan. We will build a better America, together. 
Dream big. Fight hard.Let’s win.I’m fired up for tonight’s  in Las Vegas. Will you chip in $2 to our campaign now? We’re doing this together, person by person. 
It was so great to meet you, 
 In labor’s fighting red, was the first candidate on the picket line today. The scrum of media held up the line…
Stay strong out there, fighting alongside you all the way! 
On this Day of Remembrance, we must acknowledge when President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed an order to unjustly incarcerate 120,000 Japanese Americans during World War II. It comes upon us to call out our government’s legacy of racism and injustice—and keep fighting against it.
We can defeat the climate crisis, create 10.6 million good union jobs, and end environmental racism so working families can live with clean air and water. This is how we’ll build a country that works for everyone—not just giant polluters and fossil fuel companies. 
Unions and workers have been by my side since I first ran for the Senate, and I will be fighting alongside them in the White House. 
We need to build an immigration system that is fair, humane, and reflects our best values. We need  and to ensure immigrants receive due process. It's time for 
I'm the proud daughter of a janitor, and I went on to be a public school teacher, a law professor, a senator—and a candidate for president.I’ll never forget who I’m fighting for. 
Black moms die from childbirth-related causes 3-4 times more often than white moms. We have a Black maternal mortality crisis, and racism is at the root of it. I’ve got a plan to address this head-on. 
 What does a wealth tax really mean and why do we need it? On our latest  sits down with form…
Dorothy Bolden knew that you don’t get what you don’t fight for—and she showed how one very determined woman, backed up by many people across this country, can deliver big, structural change. 
A lot of politicians praise entrepreneurs and mom-and-pop shops, but they support the big businesses that can hire armies of lobbyists. And being pro big-business means, by and large, being pro-big businesses run by white men. It's time to change that. 
Small businesses are the heart of our economy, but it's getting harder to start and grow one—and the challenges are even greater for communities of color. I've got a comprehensive plan to boost America's small businesses. 
This week, some candidates are hosting closed-door fundraisers that cost $75,000 a ticket.Not me. I’m in Nevada—meeting voters, talking with community leaders, and taking questions.How we fund our campaign matters. Will you donate $2 now? 
Domestic workers have been at the frontlines of the fight for economic justice. I'm proud to stand with and fight side by side with domestic workers across the country for universal family care and the passage of the Domestic Workers Bill of Rights. 
I don’t listen to the naysayers. I’m determined to hit our most ambitious fundraising goal yet: $7 million before the Nevada caucuses on Saturday.Will you chip in $2 right now? If a few more people on Twitter chip in tonight, we’ll be on track. 
It looks like in the Trump White House, you can buy a pardon. This is corruption, plain and simple. 
 “Thank you for all the work that you do.” Gracias por todo el trabajo que hacen, dice candidata para la presi…
 Thanks to for meeting with today to speak about workers’ rights. As president, will fight to put…
Nevada, you still have time to vote early before the caucuses this Saturday! 
Donald Trump has done serious damage to our government, and our next president is going to have to work hard to rebuild it.I know how to get the government working for the people because I’ve done it before, when I launched the CFPB—which Megan understands very well! 
Mike Bloomberg approved and oversaw a program that surveilled and tracked Muslim communities in mosques, restaurants, and even college campuses—leaving permanent damage. He refuses to apologize for it. 
 Proud to be endorsed by who understands that our task goes beyond reaching a pre-2016 status quo - we have to s…
My heart goes out to all of those affected by historic flooding in Mississippi. This is one more example of the devastating effects of the climate crisis. We must act now so that severe flooding and extreme storms don't become our new normal.
 She gets it. She really gets it. Thank you for listening to our communities.  
The president's pardon and clemency powers are supposed to be used to correct injustice or grant mercy to the powerless—not to give immunity to the powerful. We need a president on the side of the people, not the corrupt and well-connected. 
 personally knows the damage that Mike Bloomberg’s policies and agendas have caused. He knows that our party deserves better. 
 I’m so grateful for your contributions to  Your illustration work for Juliet Takes A Breath, and the work you continue to do every day to fight for big, structural change, is incredibly powerful. I will fight for your family as hard as I fight for my own.
Thank you, I'm so grateful to have your endorsement, and I'll proudly fight beside you to build a humane immigration system that reflects our best values. 
As the first woman—the first Latina—to be elected mayor of Tucson, Arizona, has been breaking barriers her entire life. She knows the American dream is slipping further away, and I’m humbled to partner with her in this fight for big, structural change. 
It’s a shame Mike Bloomberg can buy his way into the debate. But at least now primary voters curious about how each candidate will take on Donald Trump can get a live demonstration of how we each take on an egomaniac billionaire. 
Domestic workers have led the fight for economic justice—from the Atlanta washerwomen’s strike, to Dorothy Bolden and the National Domestic Workers Union of America, to leading the fight now. I look forward to joining their  forum today!
Proud to partner with in this fight! 
 “Vote for people who endorse your existence”Well said brother  
Mike Bloomberg's expansion of “stop and frisk” devastated Black and Brown communities. For years, he used racist justifications to defend the practice—and more comments are already resurfacing. We need a nominee that Democratic voters can trust. 
This grassroots movement isn't just about defeating Donald Trump. Big, structural change means winning up and down the ticket. That's why I'm proudly endorsing candidates fighting to put power in the hands of the people. 
These are frightening times. People are afraid for their friends, their family, their neighbors. Yet they still have so much optimism that we can defeat Donald Trump and build a better country. They give me hope and fuel this fight. Thank you so much, Reno! 
  speaking truth. Can you imagine the power of the pen in The White House?  
 You got Twitter talking about  tonight! Now let’s keep up the momentum together.Chip in $3 right now whil…
Families just want a chance to succeed—to build a good life for themselves and their kids. I hear that everywhere, from the Broadacres Market in Las Vegas, to communities across the country. We need to ensure our country and economy work for them—not just a thin slice at the top. 
This is how we’ll do this—together! 
I don’t accept contributions from:✖️ PACs ✖️ Federal lobbyists✖️ Big Oil executives✖️ Big Pharma executives✖️ Big Tech executives ✖️ Big Bank executivesWe’re doing this the grassroots way—person by person. Will you chip in $3 before midnight? 
 Finally landing back home in Seattle to see that  is trending!! This is the that good vibe I needed!!! 🌟🤩🙏
 Let’s do this!
 Yes we will!
 Thank you so much, I’m so grateful for your support!
 Happy  We reflect on this day to remember the leaders of our nation who have represented us with class a…
 Woo-hoo!
Thank you, I’m grateful to have you on  
When I meet young girls on the campaign trail, I tell them, "I'm Elizabeth Warren, and I'm running for president because that's what girls do." Then we pinkie promise so they remember.I can't wait for a  not too long from now, when they're all running, too! 
 did such a phenomenal job with this illustration. I am beyond grateful for her work. 
AAPI communities include nearly 50 diverse racial and ethnic groups, yet the aggregated data we collect hides that some AAPI families are hanging on by their fingernails. This is a civil rights issue, and I've got a plan to fix it.  
 In communities across the U.S., Latinas are leading the fight for political change—and they have a partner in Elizabeth W…
Had a wonderful time joining the for the Kick-Off to Caucus Gala!Nevada, you still have time to vote early before the caucuses this Saturday. Here's everything you need to know:  
Thank you for my “Happy Presidents’ Day” card—I love it! 
 Exciting news! We’re continuing our National Latino Engagement Tour in CA this week! Join us in Bakersfield tomorrow,…
Thank you, I’m deeply grateful for your endorsement, and am proud to partner with you in this fight for big, structural change. 
Desecrating Native sacred sites to build Trump's hateful border wall is unacceptable. We must respect tribal sovereignty. No project impacting Native sacred sites should proceed without the free, prior, and informed consent of the Tribal Nations concerned. 
I’m humbled by thoughtful design. Her work embodies the insight and tenacity that Latinas bring to this fight, and I am so grateful for her decision to collaborate with  Cristy, I hope I can make you proud as president of the United States. 
Dreamers like Alejandra make our communities stronger. I'll fight to make sure Alejandra and every Dreamer in our country has an achievable path to citizenship. 
 After four years of Trump, we need a president who will fight for social justice and dismantle structural barriers to equ…
 "This moment calls for a candidate and a president who can deliver big, structural change for all of us. That candidate—tha…
I don’t take these endorsements lightly. I will partner with these powerful Latina women in the fight for big, structural change—and I will continue to listen and learn from the community every step of the way. I ask you all to hold me accountable to this promise. 
Donald Trump has been abusing our immigration system to cause tremendous harm to immigrant families. I'm proud to work with to build a humane immigration system that reflects our best values. 
 Thank you, I’m grateful to have you on 
I’m honored to be joined in this campaign by Latina leaders who are fighting for big, structural change. As president, I’m committed to being a real partner to the community. This is our moment to dream big, fight hard—and win. 
We set an ambitious goal to raise $7 million before the Nevada caucuses—and this grassroots community is stepping up. I'm grateful down to my toes, and if you chip in $5 or whatever you can today to help hit this goal, I could call you to say thanks! 
I loved meeting families in Las Vegas Chinatown, including many first-time voters and caucusgoers. Thanks for showing me around, recommending we grab boba! 
 Early voting is underway in Nevada and I couldn’t be happier to return to the Silver State.Join me and tomorro…
Families in Las Vegas, Nevada, and all across the country are ready to fight for big, structural change.  we persist. 
  was standing up for consumers since well before she was senator - and making a difference. And she’ll make a di…
Courtney from Texas donated $5 to our campaign and said she believes in me. Well, I believe in Courtney—and over 1 million others who've chipped in a few bucks to keep our movement strong. We can only do this together—will you chip in $5 now?  
Thanks for joining us and  in Nevada, I’m grateful to be with you in this fight for big, structural change. 
 TONIGHT: Presidential candidate sits down with on 7-9pm ET. 
Jordan should still be with us today. My heart is with and Jordan's friends and family. I will fight beside you to end the gun violence epidemic and fight systemic racism, so that young Black boys can grow up safe and free. 
The United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world. If we want to end mass incarceration, we can't just nibble around the edges of this problem—we need to reform the system from front to back. And I've got a plan for that.  
Emily asked me why it's important for women to run for president. Here's my answer. 
Self-funding billionaires like Mike Bloomberg who are running for president don’t have to think about fundraising goals—but we do.We need to raise $7 million before the Nevada caucuses, and we’re doing it person by person. Will you chip in $3 right now? 
 This visit to Bertha’s Kitchen with further illustrates her commitment to Black Businesses and Black Women. As I…
My heart aches for the children and young adults like Kevin who are being harmed and traumatized by our immigration system. They deserve so much better. This is unethical, cruel, and inhumane—and this will stop in a Warren administration. 
It was so good to finally meet you in person, Thanks for joining us in Nevada. This is how we’ll do this—together. 
Here's something that shouldn't be controversial to say: I believe in science. I believe that climate change threatens every single living thing on this planet, and that we need to act now to defeat this crisis. 
I’m so grateful to have you in my corner, 
David saw my tweet and chipped in to our campaign—so I gave him a thank you call. Person by person, we’re building our campaign for the long haul, and I couldn’t be more grateful.  
  is officially endorsed by the ✅ 
See you tomorrow! 
Kyle, a nurse from New York, had never donated to a presidential campaign before—until he pitched in $5 to my campaign this week. I called Kyle to say thank you, and I’m so glad he picked up!Will you chip in $5 for the first time, too?  
 When I was a little kid I used to shine shoes and sell ceramic figurines w my father. I never thought I w…
 Thank you so much for walking me around I’m proud to partner with you to ensure that every Nevada family has the opportunity to thrive.
 Early voting for the February 22nd Nevada caucuses starts 𝐓𝐎𝐃𝐀𝐘Pitch in $5, $10, $20, or anything you can to make sure…
I'm proud to partner with you in this fight, 
 My fav part of the Broad Acres stop was when stopped by this quesadillas restaurant. Alejandra, a DREAMer, has…
I look forward to seeing you there! 
Bella—we’re in this fight together. 
I'm proud to support fight to protect our reproductive rights and our elections! 
 In her first day back in Vegas, tours Broad Acres swap meet in North Las Vegas with NV Latino Caucus Chair
 and I took a moment in South Carolina to grab lunch at Bertha’s Kitchen and talk with voters. I'm grateful to partner with him in this fight for big, structural change! 
 Tell her I say thank you for her work. This is how we’re going to do it—together.
 Thank you for volunteering this week, Guillermo!
Giant corporations have proven they’d rather cut corners and push consumers into fighting each other than lose even a penny in profits—and that’s why we’re fighting for big, structural change. 
 Hey Nevada! The first ballots are being cast in the state ; the caucus is just a week away! I’ll be in corne…
Mike Bloomberg is a billionaire who thinks he can drop a bunch of money and buy an election.I believe in grassroots funding, grassroots organizing, and grassroots democracy. If you think this is the right way to campaign, chip in and join us:  
This dangerous bill would separate families, scapegoat immigrant communities, and pit Arizonans against each other. I stand with the activists and organizations fighting to stop SCR1007. 
 Early voting for the Nevada caucuses starts TODAY! Find your precinct, make a plan, and get out there and caucus for
Let's go, Nevada! Early voting is happening now, and the caucuses are only a week away. No matter where you live, here's how you can help. 
 Thank you, From the bankruptcies that led to negotiating this contractual benefit, to supporting Delta Flight…
 This grassroots movement raised more than $1 million in less than 24 hours—so we were able to expand our TV ads in Nevada!Chip in $5 or whatever you can now to help us spread our message in Nevada, South Carolina, and Super Tuesday states: 
I was proud to fight beside and to protect consumers—and I'll keep fighting to protect consumers as president of the United States. Watch our new ad airing in Nevada now. 
 Oh no, I’m sorry we missed each other! Thank you again for being part of our grassroots movement.
This is a totally unnecessary escalation that is only intended to intimidate our cities and increase fear in immigrant communities. We must end the cruel, inhumane policies of the Trump administration. 
Enough is enough. We have to end the opioid epidemic and ensure that everyone gets the treatment they need. And we must root out the greed and corruption that has fueled this crisis. 
Lizzy from Massachusetts chipped in a few bucks to our campaign—so I called to say thanks. I told Lizzy and her daughter, Annie, that I’m fighting for them. The only way we’ll make real change is by doing it together. Chip in now and I could call you next!  
 Host asked senior advisor about how her candidacy will appeal to wary older voter…
February 14 was my mother's birthday, and she loved her special connection to Valentine’s Day. Every year, I make a heart-shaped cake to remember her. Here's why.  
I gave Aurora from Ohio a call tonight to thank her for chipping in to our campaign. I’m grateful for supporters like her who pitch in a few bucks to grow our movement. Thank you, Aurora. Your fight is our fight. 
Profit-sharing is an important and valuable benefit. I stand with the workers organizing with for a union contract that protects this and all of their other hard-earned benefits! 
These homophobic attacks against are hateful and offensive. We will not tolerate this in the Democratic presidential race, and we will fight together against the hate and bigotry that Donald Trump promotes and rewards. 
 Today, in Charleston, a city that continuously moves me, sat with us brothers to hear our questions, concerns, an…
Thank you for moderating this discussion, and I don’t take these conversations lightly. I’m committed to keep listening and learning from Black men and their experiences as we fight for justice, opportunity, and respect. Your voices are critical. 
I am not afraid—and neither is this grassroots movement. So we’re going to keep dreaming big and fighting twice as hard, because people are counting on us. 
Thank you for welcoming me to Virginia, 
It was so good to see you and your family last night, Thanks for being a part of this grassroots movement. 
The energy last night in Virginia was incredible—and this grassroots movement is only growing stronger. Help us keep building this momentum. Chip in to help meet our ambitious $7 million goal before the Nevada caucuses, and I might call you to say thanks!  
Thanks for joining me in Virginia last night, celebrating love today, so here’s my promise to you and I'll keep fighting so that no one is forced to choose between critical benefits and marrying the person they love. 
 “she had to speak to not one but TWO overflow crowds.”The momentum for to Super Tuesday is real, not just i…
Thank you, I’m so grateful to have you on  
We are watching a descent into authoritarianism and the shredding of the rule of law. Congress must act immediately to rein in our lawless Attorney General—and the American people will hold Donald Trump accountable in November. 
We will not allow Donald Trump to drag us into another endless war. I'm proud to stand with on this important resolution. 
Happy Valentine’s Day, I couldn’t imagine a better gift than having you on this team. 
Happy Valentine’s Day, sweetie! 
Refusing to catalogue paid political ads because the Bloomberg campaign found a workaround means there will be less transparency for the content he is paying to promote. Mike Bloomberg cannot be allowed to buy an election with zero accountability. 
 said that democracy doesn't die in darkness—it dies on television with nobody acting on it.But it doesn't have to be that way. We can't just sit by and watch this happen. We have to act against the Trump administration's corruption. 
 This is leadership. This is how you fix broken systems. Join me in supporting  
My heart goes out to the students and staff of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School today, and to the friends and family of all those we lost two years ago. I will keep fighting beside you to end the gun violence epidemic—so we never have to endure tragedies like this again. 
This week, we announced an ambitious new goal: $7 million before the Nevada caucuses. I believe this movement can do it—and I'll be calling grassroots donors to say thanks!Chip in $5 or whatever you can now, and you might just get a call from me today.
The 2008 financial crash would not have been averted if we had allowed the banks to be more racist. And anyone who thinks otherwise should not be the leader of our party. 
I’m deeply grateful for your endorsement, I don’t take it lightly—and I ask you to hold me accountable as we partner in this fight for big, structural change. 
Yesterday, we announced our most ambitious fundraising goal yet: $7 million before the Nevada caucuses.If you can help and chip in tonight, we’ll be well on our way. Will you pitch in $3 now? 
Those who testified today are incredibly brave. Fast food workers need and deserve the job security to be able to speak up about sexual harassment or an abusive boss, organize with co-workers, or ask for a raise or a schedule change. We need to protect and empower their voices. 
I’m ready to fight for you, Virginia! Let’s do this. 
I believe that you measure what you care about—and I care about building a government that works for everyone in the diverse AAPI community. 
Tuesday was AAPI Women's Equal Pay Day. AAPI women as a whole are paid 90 cents on every dollar earned by white men. But Native Hawaiian women make 63 cents, Samoan women make 62 cents, and Fijian women make just 55 cents on the dollar. 
Here's just one example: Income inequality in Asian American communities nearly doubled from 1970 to 2016. Burmese, Nepalese, Hmong, and Bangladeshi Americans make, on average, less than half what people in some other AAPI communities make.
The AAPI community includes nearly 50 diverse racial and ethnic groups, but the data we gather today doesn’t capture significant differences on key economic and social outcomes. Data equity is a civil rights issue—and I've got a plan for that. 
 “When I was growing up, I heard claims that all Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders fit the 'model minority' mold --…
We need to confront the racist legacy of redlining head-on. My housing plan creates a first-of-its-kind down-payment assistance program to help families living in formerly redlined neighborhoods buy a home.  
 I’m supporting my good friend  for MANY reasons. Her unwavering effective support of Indian Country is one of…
The Trump administration is refusing to allow grieving parents to visit their remaining daughter. The Muslim Ban is cruel, and it's time for it to go. Congress must pass the No Ban Act. 
 I will provide a path to citizenship for the 1.7 million undocumented  expand family reunification, and roll back harmful policies like Trump’s Public Charge rule, which prevents children from having access to critical services.  
 I’ll use every tool to fight hate crimes. I'll rebuild trust with targeted communities by working with community leaders and directing the CDC to research white nationalism. And my DOJ will prioritize combatting white nationalist violence.  
 From rising seas to lingering effects of nuclear testing, Pacific Islanders face dangers of climate change firsthand. As president, I'll remediate historic injustices for frontline communities by prioritizing at least $1 trillion in climate investments. 
 AAPI Americans’ voices will be crucial in 2020. My plan would guarantee the fundamental right to vote, ensure racist and corrupt politicians don’t undermine that right, and improve voting accessibility for LEP voters.  
 The student loan crisis is crushing a generation. Enough is enough: Starting on day one of my presidency, I’ll cancel student debt for 95% of Americans who have it. Then, we’ll make public colleges, which over 80% of AAPI students attend, free—no tuition or fees. 
 My goal as president, and our goal as a society, will be to reduce gun deaths by 80%—and I have a plan to get it done.  
 We have a gun violence epidemic in this country. We need to act—now. I will break the NRA’s stranglehold on Congress and sign comprehensive gun violence prevention legislation into law in my first 100 days, and keep improving on it every year. 
 We need expanded legal immigration that will grow our economy and reunite families. We need to provide due process to migrants. I’ll eliminate the use of expedited removal proceedings and fight for a national immigration public defender corps. 
 Donald Trump's racist immigration policies have done unimaginable harm, contributed to several deaths, and torn apart families. We need to build a fair, humane immigration system that reflects our values—and I’ve got a plan for that. 
 I will strengthen protections for English Language Learners in schools, make elections more accessible to Limited English Proficiency voters, and reverse Trump's shameful proposal to roll back health care non-discrimination protections for LEP people under Section 1557. 
 I’ll form a White House Task Force on data equity to make sure that no one in the AAPI community is erased. We’ll work with AAPI communities to collect comprehensive, disaggregated data in key federal surveys and across agencies.  
 Data equity is a civil rights issue. AAPI people are not a monolith, and aggregated data hides the fact that many AAPI families are hanging on by their fingernails. Data erasure limits our abilities to tackle the structural barriers faced by distinct AAPI communities. 
 I will build a cabinet and senior leadership team that reflects the full diversity of America’s communities. I will diversify recruitment for government jobs, including directing resources toward attracting applicants from minority-serving institutions. 
 We need to staff our government with people who deeply understand the intersectional needs and experiences of all Americans—from housing to health care—and who reflect the diversity of the American people, and that includes Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islanders. 
 Personnel is policy. I’m proud to have the first Asian American campaign manager of any major presidential campaign. I’ve pledged to appoint a diverse cabinet. I’ll listen to and learn from AAPI leaders who have been at the forefront of advocating for their communities. 
Learn more about my platform at the  Twitter Town Hall, happening soon at 2 PM ET—and join the conversation using the hashtag 
Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders are the fastest-growing minority group in the U.S. today—working hard to thrive, but still facing unique barriers to achieving their dreams. I'm a fighter for working families—and committed to fighting for AAPI families. 
Here’s a history lesson on the racist legacy of redlining, if any presidential candidate needs a refresher. 
If we want to build a government and a country that works for everyone, we need to tackle generations of racial injustice and systemic discrimination head on. I’ll listen to and learn from the AAPI leaders who have been at the forefront of this fight. 
We need to take concrete steps to address the impact of redlining and the subprime mortgage crisis. I built an office at the to fight lending discrimination and my housing plan helps families in formerly redlined areas to buy homes and build wealth. 
The end of redlining didn't cause the 2008 crash. Out-of-control greed by Wall Street and big banks, and the corruption that lets them control our government, caused the crash. Predatory lenders steered families of color into the worst loans and those families lost billions.
I'm surprised that someone running for the Democratic nomination thinks the economy would be better off if we just let banks be more overtly racist. We need to confront the shameful legacy of discrimination, not lie about it like Mike Bloomberg has done. 
 Thank you, Smitha! I’m thankful to have your support!
 I deeply appreciate your support, Erika!
 Thank you, Marshall. I’m deeply grateful.
 Scarlett, I’m grateful. This is how we’re going to do this: Together.
 Thank you, Saira! I’m with you, too.
 And I believe in you! Thank you.
 Thank you from the bottom of my heart, Colette.
 I’m fighting for you. Thank you for your support!
David Adame-Reyes was arrested for sitting on a sidewalk, then sent to immigration detention. This is cruel and unjust. Immigration and law enforcement should be kept separate—combining them only sows distrust and harms public safety. 
I look forward to joining the  Twitter Town Hall tomorrow! 
No one should attack and its members for fighting hard for themselves and their families. Like them, I want to see every American get high-quality and affordable health care—and I’m committed to working with them to achieve that goal. 
I'll be on shortly to talk about how we're building our grassroots movement to power through Nevada, South Carolina, Super Tuesday, and beyond. Tune in!
A third of delegates aren't decided until Super Tuesday. What we do now matters.Our campaign needs critical funds to reach voters and caucus-goers, so we’ve set an ambitious goal: $7 million before the Nevada caucuses.Will you chip in $5 or more now?  
From day one, this fight has been the same. Our government and our economy are working better and better for a thinner slice at the top—at the expense of everyone else. We need big, structural change to make them work for everyone. 
Gutting funding for clean energy isn't just bad for our climate—it kills jobs. If we want to fight climate change and create good union jobs, we need to invest in clean energy. 
 Zaya is a remarkable young woman with such an insight on life. Bruce, I, and our entire team are inspired by her. We’re sending all our love and support. Thank you for being such incredible parents—I know that’s the future you want for all our kids.
We will win by uniting our country around ending the corruption that has shortchanged our kids, our schools, and the very survival of our planet. 
This fight to save our democracy is an uphill battle. But our campaign is built for the long haul, and we are just getting started. We have the hope that comes with dreaming big—and the courage to fight for the big, structural change we need. 
Americans of all political stripes should be gravely concerned about the corruption that pressures federal prosecutors to give sweetheart deals to criminals who do their crimes on behalf of Donald Trump.Yes Roger Stone, I’m looking at you. 
Thank you, I know that we will continue fighting together for Massachusetts families, and for working families all across our country.
Abusing official power to protect political friends and attack opponents is common in authoritarian regimes like Putin’s Russia. Trump and Barr’s conduct has no place in our democracy. To end it, Congress must act—and the American people must hold them accountable in November.
I am the only candidate to propose an independent DOJ task force to investigate crimes by Trump administration officials. Every Democratic candidate must commit to it—so Trump officials know they will be held accountable by career prosecutors once he is out of office.
Congress must act immediately to rein in our lawless Attorney General. Barr should resign or face impeachment. And Congress should use spending power to defund the AG’s authority to interfere with anything that affects Trump, his friends, or his elections.
Donald Trump can continue his corrupt rampages and vendettas because elected Republicans do nothing. They lack the courage and backbone shown by four career prosecutors who stepped down rather than facilitate the Attorney General’s corrupt scheme. But we are not powerless.
Donald Trump is shredding the rule of law in this country. His AG overruled career prosecutors to reduce the sentence for his buddy Roger Stone after Stone committed crimes to protect him. Every Republican who voted to acquit Trump for his corrupt actions enabled and owns this.
We’re staying in this fight for the people who are counting on us. Tomorrow morning, we’ll wake up and fight twice as hard—together. Chip in $5 and let’s do this:  
A young girl came up to me tonight and said, “I’m a broke college student with a lot of student loan debt. I checked and I have $6 in the bank—so I just gave $3 to keep you in this fight.” We’re staying in this fight for the people who are counting on us. 
Our campaign is built for the long haul—and we’re just getting started.I’m grateful down to my toes for every person who has put their heart into our campaign. Will you chip in $3 to help keep growing? 
This primary could be a long fight. We’re two states in, with 55 states and territories to go—and 98% of delegates up for grabs.Americans in every part of our country need to make their voices heard. Will you start by donating $3 before midnight? 
This fight to save our democracy is an uphill battle. But our campaign is built for the long haul, and we are just getting started. Because if we have the hope that comes with dreaming big—if we have the courage to fight hard—we are going to win! 
We want an America where decisions in Washington aren’t bought and paid for by lobbyists and big donors. Our movement is powered by you—it’s powered by the people. If you think that's the right way to run a campaign, join us:  
Thank you, I look forward to fighting alongside you to build an economy that works for working people. 
Our best chance of beating Donald Trump is with a candidate who can do the hard, disciplined work. A candidate who can build a movement that is ready to take on corruption in Washington—and win. 
Together, we're building a grassroots movement to put power in the hands of the people—and New Hampshire is only the beginning. Tune in as we go live from Manchester: 
It's no coincidence that this sentencing change follows the president's tweet this morning. Donald Trump's administration is filled with corruption—and we must root it out. 
I’m deeply grateful for your support in this fight. This is how we’ll get it done—together! 
I know what's broken in this country, I know how to fix it, and I've got a track record to prove that I can get it done. 
I’m honored to have and as leaders in this movement. They inspire me, they inspire my team, and they inspire millions of little girls all across the country.
Laconia, New Hampshire is the birthplace of legendary activist Granny D, who fought to get big money out of politics. She had the right idea—which is why I'm running a 100% grassroots-funded campaign. If you think that's the right way to run, join us! 
 Voted for this morning and then stopped by the Harrisville General Store. Ran into my friend Andrew who is also…
People are worried the fight against Donald Trump may be unwinnable. But I've been winning “unwinnable” fights my whole life, and here's the thing: Everyone thinks they know what fights are unwinnable, until we get in the fight, persist—and win. That’s what we're going to do. 
 Hey New Hampshire, be sure to vote today if you haven’t already! 🗳️Your voice is powerful—and a vote for is a st…
Stopped by some polling locations in New Hampshire for donuts and selfies! Polls are still open, confirm your polling location now and go vote:  
From Rochester to Portsmouth, New Hampshire, and all across the country, Americans are ready to make this country work for working families—not just the wealthy and well-connected. I’m ready to fight by their side. 
Thank you for fighting alongside me keep fighting to make sure that you and every person in America gets the equal, high-quality public education they deserve. 
Beth is still paying off her student loans, even as her daughter is about to start college. That's why I've got a plan to cancel student loan debt and for universal free public college—so Beth, her daughter, and everyone in this country can have the chance to thrive. 
 We have a plan to organize in all 57 states and territories, continue to meet people where they are, talk about the issues…
Hope over fear.Courage over cynicism.In Lebanon, New Hampshire, and all across the country, we’re building the grassroots movement for big, structural change. 
Our Campaign Co-Chair is exactly right: On  we fight for big, structural change because that’s how we will defeat Donald Trump—and make our government work for the people. 
My friend made a few calls to people who chipped in a few dollars to our campaign. I’m proud that our campaign is grassroots—built by people, not Super PACs or billionaires.Chip in $3 tonight, and Ashley could call you to say thanks!  
Our number one job in November is to beat Donald Trump. I know what’s broken, I know how to fix it, and I’m building the grassroots movement to get it done—and together, we will defeat him. 
At Sunday’s town hall in Lebanon, New Hampshire, Alistair asked me a very important question about whether all kids like him can go to preschool. 
 Today's the day New Hampshire – get out and vote for to  to find your polling locatio…
We have a unique opportunity to build an America that works for everyone, not just a thinner and thinner slice at the top. And we're doing it with grassroots financing, grassroots organizing, and grassroots democracy. This is our moment in history. 
 Women win. On this week's  talks with about how a grassroots movement can wi…
We face big challenges right now, and people are afraid for their families, their neighbors, their communities. But in conversations in Newport, New Hampshire, and across the country, I also hear hope and optimism. People are ready to fight back and build a better America. 
 Our Campaign Co-Chair spoke with about what it's like to be on the ground with our movement and how…
The way I see it, as Democrats running for the highest office in our country, we're making each other stronger. That's why I asked and if I could incorporate their ideas into my plans—because we should fight for them. 
Women candidates have been outperforming men in competitive elections since Donald Trump was elected. It's simple—women win! 
We will decide the direction of our country—not for four years, not for eight years—but for generations to come. In Concord and across the country, people know: This is our moment. They're ready to choose hope over fear. They're ready to dream big, fight hard and win! 
I'm so proud to have on this team. 
New Hampshire, here’s everything you need to know to vote in your primary election today! 
 I’m with because she is the candidate we need at this critical juncture in American history. She’ll end the Forever War…
New Hampshire, you have a decision to make. Will we let the fear pull us back, or are we ready to get into the fight?This is our moment in history—and I'm not afraid to fight back. 
 Californians (and New Hampshire voters): vote for a Presidential candidate that you look at the way I look at 
This is corruption plain and simple. Our government should be working for everyone who is fighting to defeat the climate crisis, not tilting the scales for the fossil fuel companies who have been polluting our planet for decades. 
I'll be on with soon to talk about the grassroots movement we're building across the country to build a government that works for everyone, not just the wealthy and well connected. Tune in!
The best Campaign Co-Chairs I could ask for. Thanks for joining me in Concord this weekend, and 
I'll be on shortly to talk about the movement we're building for big, structural change!
 The New Hampshire primary is tomorrow! Have you made a plan to vote yet?Text NH to 24477 to find your polling location,…
I am so grateful to have Eleanor in this fight—and I’m going to fight for  so that she and everyone like her can get the health care they need. 
Yusor and Deah were newlyweds preparing to become dentists. Razan was a sophomore at NCSU.My heart goes out to their friends and families today. We must end the gun violence epidemic, and fight back against hate and bigotry. 
People are worried that the fight against Donald Trump could be unwinnable. Here's the thing: I've been winning unwinnable fights my whole life. Everyone thinks they know what fights are unwinnable—until everyone gets out, fights, persists, and wins. That's how we'll beat Trump. 
The Trump administration is attempting to deport thousands of Hmong and Lao immigrants who have lived in the United States for years. We cannot split up hundreds of families and devastate these communities. We must end this cruelty. 
 has been leading the fight to organize veterans on behalf of progressive issues. I'm grateful to have them in my corner as we organize veterans to build a grassroots movement for big, structural change. Join us:  
Every conversation counts! No matter where you live, you can help us make calls to voters now:  
$756 billion in Medicare cuts$920 billion in Medicaid cuts$24 billion in Social Security cutsTrump wants to take money out of your pockets so there's more for his rich buddies. We are building a grassroots movement to stop him. 
Thank you and for hosting  this weekend on the power of the courts. We need to put power in the hands of the people and ensure government works for everyone, not just billionaires and giant corporations. 
San Antonio: I hope you’ll join and as they host a community conversation to discuss the importance of Latinos, Latinas, and Latinx people in our fight to defeat Donald Trump. 
 This election is just getting started. But one thing is clear: has a campaign built to last, and will compete ev…
The opioid epidemic is crushing communities across the country. My plan to end this crisis starts with providing $100 billion in federal funding to communities like Bethlehem, New Hampshire on the front lines to make sure every person gets the treatment they need. 
If we want to have a real future in this country, we must invest in our kids. That's why I'm fighting for Universal Child Care and high-quality public education—so that every child has the opportunity to thrive. 
Under the Trump administration, we have seen appointees who are actively hostile to the mission of their agencies. That won't happen in my administration. 
We can let fear consume us and divide us—or we can find the courage to come together and fight back. Me? I’m fighting back.Fighting back is an act of patriotism.
 Started my day by cohosting a Latinx roundtable with y estamos alistándonos para luchar juntos con
One year in, I’m more optimistic than ever about what we can do together. We’re building a grassroots movement that will make big, structural change across the country. Help our campaign keep up the momentum:  
 Colorado is fired up to knock some doors for 24 days until Super Tuesday! Thank you, Denver for the warm welcom…
We launched this grassroots movement for big, structural change one year ago today. More than 100,000 selfies, over 200 town halls, and more than one million individual grassroots donors later, this movement keeps growing. Let's dream big, fight hard, and win! 
  speaks to volunteers in Nashua   
Anwar is a photographer who volunteered with his local fire department. The Trump administration deported him—without a chance to see his attorney or say goodbye to his family—to war-torn Yemen, where he fears for his life. We must end this cruelty. 
 Representing the swing county of Macomb for years in Congress, Dad knows that has just the bold message that can w…
 I’m with her. 👇 
I've been winning unwinnable fights my whole life, from fighting to create the CFPB to unseating an incumbent Republican.Everyone thinks they know what fights are unwinnable, until we get in the fight, persist—and win. That’s what I’m going to do. 
 "The right wing figured out that if you could start nudging those courts to the right, that even things they couldn't…
Abortion rights are human rights.Abortion rights are economic rights.And I will never stop fighting to defend those rights.
 Elizabeth Warren is a fighter for the climate, for students, for patients, and for everyone committed to the integrity of our…
This moment in history comes to us. You will decide the direction of our country—not for four years, not for eight years—but for generations to come. This is our moment to choose hope over fear, courage over cynicism. This is our moment to dream big, fight hard and win. 
 "I'm not running a race that has been shaped by a bunch of consultants. I'm not offering a bunch of proposals carefull…
 Whew, just covered: ✅ universal background checks ✅ intersection of domestic violence and gun violence ✅ p…
Had a fantastic time with the at the McIntyre-Shaheen 100 Club Dinner! We face big challenges—but this is our moment in history. Let's choose courage over cynicism, hope over fear. 
 Elizabeth Warren says big money in politics is why things “don’t get done” in Washington: “Billionaires — they may own mor…
And we could cancel student loan debt and have  too.Learn more about how my  would give every family the opportunity to thrive: 
With a two-cent  we can make sure that Benjy and every kid in America has free child care, pre-k, a high-quality public education, and universal public two- and four-year public college and technical school. 
Manchester is ready to get out, knock some doors, and make big, structural change. Let’s do this! 
 ... this issue of abortion, yes it's about personal choice, you bet it is. But it is also a profoundly economic issue." -…
 When the boss makes a special appearance over the sea of Warren Democrats 🗽🗽🗽🗽 
People are worried that the fight against Donald Trump could be unwinnable. I've been winning unwinnable fights my whole life, from fighting for the CFPB to unseating an incumbent Republican.Everyone thinks they know what fights are unwinnable, until we fight, persist—and win.
 Hello 
Bruce and Bailey helped me knock doors today in Manchester! No matter where you live, we need all hands on deck to grow this movement for big, structural change:  
 Thank you, I’m so grateful to have you on 
 "For Elizabeth Warren it is a priority... one of the first plans she came up with was universal child care."Watch
Our Manchester canvass launch was a great opportunity for a  Thank you, We’ve got three days until the  up for a volunteer shift here:  
 Who’s going to be left behind? It’s poor women, women of color. This issue about abortion is a profoundly economic issue.
Thank you I’m so grateful to have your support in this fight. 
I've got plans to make big, structural change—and I've also laid out exactly how I'll get it done. There's a lot a president can get done all by herself! 
The daily toll of the opioid epidemic is devastating. Lisa: I'm fighting for your sister, for your family, and for the countless other families missing their loved ones. 
We need to re-establish accountability in our country and integrity to our government. I've got a plan for that—and it starts with ensuring the American people learn the full truth of what the Trump administration has done. 
 My favorite part of every field office is the extensive wall of her plans.Senator Warren isn’t just telling us…
We can build an America of our best values—and I'm fighting to get it done. Thanks for tuning in to last night's  Now let's get out there and build the big, structural change we need! 
 Proud to be in New Hampshire working for   
If we want to defeat Donald Trump, we must build a grassroots movement that unites the party. So if you're ready to fight corruption, if you're ready to build a country of our best values, and if you're ready for big, structural change, join us. 
 I'm with Team Warren in New Hampshire this morning to knock doors and rally for our anti-corruption, progressive champion
Wages are barely budging, but the costs of housing, health care, education, and child care are exploding. All it takes is one crisis to send families over a financial cliff. We need big, structural change. 
We win by calling out what is broken, showing people how we’re going to fix it, and building a grassroots movement to get it done. That’s what this campaign is about—down to its core.
I'll have a Secretary of Education who's been a public school teacher, who believes in public education, and who believes in fighting for students and teachers—not for-profit institutions and giant corporations.Betsy DeVos need not apply. 
 Three years ago, took a stand on the Senate floor against Jeff Sessions’s nomination to become Attorney General. M…
I’m grateful down to my toes for everyone who tuned in to tonight’s  Together, we’re building a movement to unite our party and put power in the hands of the people.Will you chip in $3 now to keep up the momentum? 
People are worried that the fight against Trump is unwinnable. Well, I’ve got a record of winning fights they said were unwinnable—from creating the CFPB to unseating a popular Republican senator. When we fight, when  we win!  
We don’t build a democracy with Super PACS or people sucking up to billionaires. We build it by having a grassroots movement funded from the grassroots up. If you think it's the right way to run a campaign, pitch in five bucks here:  
With a  we can have Universal Child Care, early childhood education, and pre-k. And we can stop exploiting the people—largely Black and Brown women—who do this work, and raise the wages of every child care worker and preschool teacher in America.  
 Nevertheless,   
People are worried that the fight against Trump is unwinnable. Well, I’ve got a record of winning fights they said were unwinnable—from the CFPB to unseating a popular Republican senator.Everyone thinks they know what fights are unwinnable—until we fight, persist, and win.
States are trying to ban safe, legal abortion outright, and the Supreme Court seems to be headed in that direction as well. If we are going to protect our rights, we cannot rely on the courts. We need federal laws to protect the right to an abortion.  
The vast majority agree on policy solutions to help end gun violence right now. But nothing gets done because the gun industry is holding our Congress hostage. We need to root out corruption in Washington.  
 Fact: Right now, we've got the most donations processing simultaneously EVER for our campaign. Add yours here! 👇 
Put real money into our schools.Put real money into housing.Put real money into health care.Put real money into the future of our children.That's how we build the America of our best values. 
I believe that the best investment we can make as a nation, the best investment we can make as human beings, is to invest in our children. I have a plan for that. 
We cannot only talk about how important the Black community is at election time. We need to have concrete plans that will have a real impact on Black Americans’ lives. I'm in this fight to make real change.  
I just stepped off the  stage and got some good news from my team: We’re getting close to hitting our $2 million fundraising goal before the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday!Will you chip in $3 tonight? I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t important. 
With my  we can get  universal pre-k for every 3-year-old and 4-year-old in America, and raise the wages of every child care worker and preschool teacher in America, who are largely Black and Brown women. 
The new trade deal makes things somewhat better for American farmers and workers. And when I see change that makes things somewhat better for hardworking people, I'll sign up for that—and I'll get up tomorrow and start working for a better trade deal on climate. 
We build a movement by funding it from the grassroots up. That's the way I'm running my campaign. I don’t take money from federal lobbyists or billionaires at fancy fundraisers. If you think it's the right way to run—chip in $3 before the  ends. 
I hear everyone talking about how we all want to overturn Citizens United because we want to end unlimited spending. Everyone on this stage except Amy and me is a billionaire or receiving help from Super PACs. Time to put your money where your mouth is. 
No one should be able to buy their way into being president of the United States. And no one who sucks up to billionaires in order to fund their campaigns should be able to do it either. 
We cannot just say that criminal justice is the only time we want to talk about race. We need race-conscious laws.  
It's time to end endless wars and bring our troops home.  
For generations, government redlining prevented people of color from buying homes. You can't just repeal that and think everything is fine. We need race-conscious laws in education, in employment, and entrepreneurship to make this a country of opportunity for everyone. 
We must rework our justice system from what we criminalize at the front end, to how we help people come back to their communities.But we can't say criminal justice is the only time we want to talk about race specifically. We must start having race-conscious laws. 
States are heading toward trying to ban safe, legal abortion and the Supreme Court seems headed in exactly that direction as well. We need a national law to protect a person’s right to control their own body. 
Until we roll back the filibuster, the gun industry is going to continue to have a veto and we'll never make the changes. We have to be willing to build a future that works not for a gun industry—but works for the rest of America and protects our children. 
Why can we not even get a vote in the United States Senate on background checks? Because the gun industry continues to call the shots. 
We have a gun violence problem in America, and it’s often communities of color that are hit hardest. We need to treat it like the public health emergency that it is. 
People across the country see that our government is working great for billionaires and giant corporations, while they and their children are left with less. We have to stand up to those who control our government and make that government work for us.  
I sit on the Senate Armed Services Committee. I’ve been to Afghanistan. We cannot wait five more years or ten more years, or until we turn the corner ten more times. We need to bring our combat troops home. 
We are Democrats. We are on the side of everyone in America who needs health care. And when we come up against Donald Trump—the man trying to take health care from millions of people—that is what will matter.  
Americans are losing faith in our government. They see themselves and their children with less and less. It’s not enough to simply talk about the future. We must stand up to those who now control our government, and make our government work for the people instead. 
We need to re-establish the rule of law in our country. I believe in an independent commission in our Justice Department that investigates crimes committed by our own government.No one is above the law—and that includes the president of the United States. 
On day one, I’ll do what a president can do all by herself: Defend the Affordable Care Act and reduce the costs of prescription drugs like insulin, HIV AIDS drugs, and EpiPens. We are Democrats—we are on the side of those who need health care. 
In 2018, 36 million Americans couldn't afford to have a prescription filled. We need to bring the most help to the most people as quickly as possible. We need  
Democrats, Independents, and Republicans across the country understand that our government works great for the rich and powerful and no one else. Fighting corruption head on is what’s going to bring Americans together—and it’s how we’re going to win in November. 
Donald Trump hired Gordon Sondland to be his ambassador to the EU after he donated $1 million to Trump's inaugural committee. Now he's fired Sondland after he testified about Trump's crimes. The corruption of this administration knows no bounds.  
Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman is a decorated servicemember. He did his patriotic, constitutional duty. And now Donald Trump has retaliated against him. 
It was so great to meet Vivian and Riley, two graduate students from Dartmouth, before tonight's  They won the contest after chipping in to help power this grassroots movement. I’m so grateful to have them in this fight! 
Donald Trump spent his career getting rich off the backs of others. Today, he's exploiting our government for his own personal benefit.I grew up in Oklahoma on the ragged edge of the middle class. I'm fighting to make our government work for all families.
  remember.   
Sandra Bland should still be alive today to celebrate her 33rd birthday. We must  we must honor her life by reforming our criminal justice system once and for all.My heart goes out to Sandra Bland's friends, family, and everyone who is missing her today. 
If we’re going to be a country where the only way you get to be president is by starting out as a billionaire—or by spending most of your time sucking up to billionaires and giant corporations—then this will be a country that only works for billionaires and giant corporations. 
Mitch McConnell couldn't silence Coretta Scott King's voice three years ago, and we won't let her enduring warning be forgotten. We must keep uplifting the voices of Black women fighting voter suppression today, and partner with them in this fight. 
Donald Trump is exploiting our government to line his own pockets. This is corruption, plain and simple. 
Corruption follows corruption. It's time to end the practice of auctioning off cushy diplomatic posts to the highest bidder—and rebuild our State Department with committed, competent professionals. 
We face big challenges right now. But Americans have always met big problems with even bigger solutions. That’s who we are.I'm optimistic because here in Derry, New Hampshire, and all across America, I see the grassroots movement that is ready to fight back. 
 Hey there - we are so thankful for all of your hard work for Here are some messages of love fr…
 "Electability is decided by people like us." stopped by our field office in Keene to talk about what's at stak…
 We need a government on our side. 
All right New Hampshire, Election Day is coming up! We brought together a few friends to share ways you can help in the final few days, no matter where you live. 
 Elizabeth Warren can reach out and inspire working-class voters, and unite and excite a broad coalition of support from a…
In New Hampshire and across the country, I've heard devastating stories of families fighting for clean drinking water free from dangerous PFAS chemicals. We need to enforce strict regulations to ensure everyone has clean water—and I've got a plan for that.
I'll be on with soon to talk about the grassroots movement we're building across the country to fight for big, structural change—tune in!
I'll have a Secretary of Education who's been a public school teacher, who believes in public education, and who believes that public dollars should stay in public schools. Our Department of Education should be on the side of students, not for-profit institutions.  
There's a lot we can do to end gun violence—and I've got a plan outlining how I'll do that. But we should also ask why nothing is being done right now. If we want to end gun violence, we must root out the corruption that is holding up progress.  
All policy issues are disability policy issues. That's why I make sure each of my plans addresses the disability community's concerns. And when I built my disability plan, I reached out to the disability community to help build it.  
 As another former member of President Obama’s administration, I know the challenges we faced in making progress on behalf…
Matthew 25: I was a stranger and you took me in.We have a moral responsibility. We cannot be a nation that treats people who come to us—desperate and afraid for their lives—with anything other than humanity.  
Thank you Dr. for filling in for me while I fulfilled my constitutional duty in Washington. I'm proud to fight alongside you to defeat the climate crisis. 
 This is our moment, all of ours is returning to the Palmetto State this weekend and we’d love to see you…
I'm grateful to stand shoulder to shoulder with From  dormstorms in Texas to Tennessee and beyond, let’s keep dreaming big and fighting hard together! 
Selfie lines have been the best times of the campaign. But it's also the people who whisper in my ear to tell me about their lives and put a note in my hand—the people who need a government on their side.  
My heart goes out to and Trayvon's family and friends. He should still be with us today.We need to end gun violence and racism. And we need to build a world where all of our children—especially young Black boys—can grow up safe and free. 
Since Donald Trump was elected, women have been outperforming men in competitive elections. Democrats took back the House and state houses across the country because of women candidates. It's simple: Women win!  
I've got three older brothers—two of them are Republicans. But there's a lot we agree on, like corruption. We all agree that it's not right when the wealthy and well-connected use their influence in Washington to rewrite the rules in their favor.  
They said the CFPB would never happen. They said I couldn't beat a popular Republican incumbent. They said a woman couldn't win. Every time, I proved them wrong. I know how to fight, and I know how to win. Will you chip in $3 to help power our movement? 
I'll be joining on shortly to talk about the grassroots movement we're building to defeat Donald Trump. I hope you'll tune in!
The people who whisper in my ear, who tell me about their lives, who put a note in my hand, who tell me what universal health care would mean for them: My selfie lines are about listening to concerns and dreams of Americans who need a government on their side. 
I reached out to the disability community to build my disability plan: To talk about the places where we’ve failed as a nation and where there are opportunities to be inclusive of people to be full and equal participants in this country.  
I will have a Secretary of Education who has been a public school teacher. I will have a Secretary of Education who believes in public education. I will have a Secretary who understands that public dollars should stay in public schools. 
The way we keep America safe and reduce tension with Iran is to work with our allies, build out our State Department, get Iran back to the negotiating table, and back away from the edge of war. 
I’m not cozying up to billionaires behind closed doors or calling up wealthy donors for big checks. Instead, I'm running a 100% grassroots-funded campaign. If you think this is how campaigns should be run, chip in now and join this grassroots movement:  
We need to treat gun violence like a public health emergency. That means we collect data about where the threats come from, and then reduce those threats. We have to be a nation committed to reducing gun violence. As president, I will reduce gun violence by 80% over eight years.
Why have we done nothing on gun violence when more than 90% of Americans want us to pass background checks? The reason is corruption. It’s the power of the gun industry and the power of the NRA. We need to attack that corruption head on. 
We cannot be a nation that takes away children from their families, or that takes people who come to us who are desperate and treat them with anything other than humanity. We have a moral responsibility to them and to each other to live our values every day. 
This so-called crisis at our border is one that Donald Trump helped blow up. He did it in part by disrupting aid for Central American countries. We need to restore that aid and help stabilize those governments so people don’t feel they need to flee for their lives.
Immigration does not make this country weaker. Immigration makes this country stronger. 
I grew up in Oklahoma on the ragged edge of the middle class. Donald Trump grew up rich in a New York City mansion, and spent his life getting richer off the backs of others. We see our government differently—he wants to exploit it, I want to make sure it works for everyone. 
193 people die every day from addiction and overdose. We need to tackle opioids like the AIDS crisis: Combat the stigma and put in the real resources to save our neighbors. We need to put the resources in the local communities who are on the frontlines of the crisis.
We have an America where the GDP keeps going up, so does the stock market and corporate profits—but hardworking families have virtually flat wages and rising costs for health care, housing, and child care. We’ve got to change that—that’s why I’m in this fight. 
Corruption drives my family crazy. And I think it drives people across this country crazy—whether they’re Democrats, Republicans, Independents. Because they understand that it’s not right for people to use their power to get the rules re-written in their favor. 
My brothers look at things and say, “That’s not right.” The question is how do those guys get off the hook. The answer? Corruption. If we make that case in 2020, and fight against the most corrupt president in history, that’s how we win. 
I was born and raised in Oklahoma. I have 3 older brothers—1 is a Democrat, the other 2 are Republicans. I ask my brothers about Eli Lilly and Amazon. You know what they have in common? They made billions of dollars in profits, but paid $0 in federal income taxes. 
I made the decision at the beginning of this campaign that I wasn’t going to spend my time in closed-door fundraisers or selling my time to billionaires and federal lobbyists. Instead, we're powered by more than 1,000,000 grassroots donors. Chip in at 
My first job was as a special education teacher. That’s where I learned the worth of every human being. That’s where I came to understand that public service and teaching are about being there for others. Donald Trump thinks others are there for him. 
What today shows is what kind of human being we’re running against. Donald Trump is someone who thinks that the world is there to save him and to serve him—and he’s been that way ever since he was a kid. 
Tune in to now to watch our 
For decades, Black Americans were cut out of higher education because of government-sponsored discrimination. I’ll use every tool I have to address racial disparities in higher education—including investing at least $50 billion in our HBCUs. 
You matter, Thank you for being in this fight with me—I won't stop fighting for you. 
 Her struggles make her fierce.  Great new ad by  
We can defeat Donald Trump and root out corruption in Washington. We can defeat his hate and bigotry, and build a country of our best values. We can make sure our country works for everyone, not just his wealthy, well-connected cronies. And we can only do it together.
These are hard times. People are frustrated and angry—but we must not be discouraged. Now more than ever, we must choose courage and hope over fear. Now is our moment to fight back. We have defeated corruption before, and we will do it again.
Donald Trump pressured a foreign government to interfere in our election. He undermined our diplomatic relationships and put our national security at risk. He exploits our government for his personal gain—and Republicans just voted to protect him.
The New STA treaty will expire exactly one year from today, further increasing the risk of nuclear war. Donald Trump can agree to extend this critical treaty today—but if he does not get the job done, I will move to extend the agreement on my first day in office.
"Corrupting an election to keep oneself in office is perhaps the most abusive and destructive violation of one's oath of office that I can imagine." I agree, Voting to convict this president is an act of patriotism. Thank you for yours.
This is a scary time for our country, and many are worried. But in Peterborough, New Hampshire, and all across the country, people are ready to get out and fight to save our democracy and our country. I believe in that optimism—and I'm in this fight alongside them. 
Our union is stronger than Donald Trump. And in less than a year, our union will be stronger than ever when that one man is replaced—thanks to the hard work of very persistent women like 
From our homes to our streets, schools, and playgrounds—an average of 100 people are killed in the United States by a gun every day. The stories from  are devastating. We don't need to live like this. I'm fighting to end gun violence. 
People told me the CFPB could never happen, but it did. I was proud to fight alongside President for middle-class families. I know how to fight—and I know how to win. 
Ultimately, what you do—coming to town halls, knocking on doors, calling voters—is an act of optimism. It's an act that says: If we get out there and fight from the heart, we'll save our democracy and our country. I believe in that optimism. That's why I'm in this fight.
 Hi Y'all! I support because she will end corruption in government  ; is the best president money can't buy. She is…
 HBCU folks - heads up is hitting the road for to talk all about plan to invest $50 Bill…
 Keene really showed up for today! It was an honor to introduce her. Elizabeth is fighting to make government wor…
Thank you for delivering a powerful  response in Spanish—and for continuing to be a leader in the fight against Donald Trump's xenophobia, bigotry, and hate. Tonight you showed the country how defeating Trump will take a diverse and fearless coalition.
Thank you for your important  response speech—and for continuing to share a vision of what our country can be when we offer everyone a path to opportunity and a good life.
Congratulations to my dear friend and Campaign Co-Chair on a powerful Party response to tonight’s 
Last night, I thought about the grassroots movement we've built—over 1 million grassroots donors, 3 million contributions, and over 100,000 selfies. They see a government that's working great for a thinner slice of the top, and they're ready to fight to make it work for everyone. 
I know many people are starting to feel discouraged. But we are at our best when we take on big battles and fight for our country and our families. If you’re worried or frustrated—and want to do something—join our campaign. Let’s fight back together.  
Now is our moment to choose the future we can build together. Now is our moment to get out there and fight from the heart. Because that is how we will save our democracy and save our country. 
But the character of our country—and the state of our union—aren’t determined by Trump. They’re determined by our people, and we’re stronger than Donald Trump. Now more than ever, we must choose courage and hope over fear. 
These are hard times for our country. Tomorrow it looks like Republicans will continue to protect an out-of-control president rather than uphold the Constitution. 
Donald Trump was impeached for pressuring a foreign government to interfere in our election. That's why I'm not at his  tonight—I'm with voters in New Hampshire, talking about how we're going to make our government work for them.
If you’re worried or frustrated—and want to do something—tune in now and join our campaign. Let’s fight back together. 
I'll be on soon to talk about how we will defeat the most corrupt president in American history—tune in.
Rosa Parks dedicated her life to organizing and advocating for civil rights and racial justice. Her work changed this country and proved the power of protest and grassroots organizing.  
From the beginning, we’ve been building a powerful grassroots movement, and I’m so proud of what we’ve done. We’ve come out of Iowa in the top three and we are in a strong position heading into New Hampshire, Nevada, South Carolina, and Super Tuesday. Let’s go!
Tonight, Donald Trump will make a speech about the state of the union.But I have a message for every American: Our union is stronger than Donald Trump. And in less than a year, our union will be stronger than ever when that one man is replaced by one very persistent woman.
  knows that one selfie is so much more than a picture – it's democracy in action! 🤳  
I’m proud to have top rating. I promise to keep fighting for racial justice and to close the racial wealth gap—and I'm committed to keep listening, learning, and being held accountable to my promise. 
My friend is kicking off her tour of HBCUs today! For decades, Black Americans were cut out of higher education because of government-sponsored discrimination. As president, I’ll continue to call this out—and invest at least $50 billion in our HBCUs. 
This is the moment to choose courage over fear. If we get out and we fight hard enough, if we fight for the right reasons, and if we fight from the heart, we will save our democracy and save our country. I believe in that optimism, and that's why I'm in this fight. 
Yesterday we competed, but today we owe it to everyone who caucused in Iowa, and everyone who supports any of the candidates, to show that their voices and hard work count. Our party and our country need more people engaged in the critical mission of defeating Donald Trump. 
People told me the CFPB could never happen—but it did. People told me I could never beat a popular Republican incumbent—now he's a former senator. I know how to fight, and I know how to win. Will you chip in $3 to help keep powering our movement? 
No matter what lies ahead, we are not afraid. This is our moment. Our moment to make history. Our moment to dream big, fight hard, and win. 
In every day and every way, this movement is made up of people who know that the only way to make progress and build power is to fight from the heart. 
Americans do big things. That’s who we are. We don’t settle. We don’t back down. We meet big problems with even bigger solutions. I’m here tonight because I believe that big dreams are still possible in America. 
On Tuesday, Donald Trump will make a speech about the state of the union.But I have a message for every American: Our union is stronger than Donald Trump. And tonight, as a party, we are one step closer to defeating the most corrupt president in American history. 
I’m not cozying up to big donors behind closed doors, cashing checks from PACs, or taking money from DC lobbyists.Instead, I’m counting on donors like you to continue building our 100% grassroots-funded movement. Will you chip in $3 right now? 
We're just getting started. Tune in as we go live from Des Moines. 
 So proud to team up with my twin brother, to help get out the caucus for going to be a…
Thank you, Raymond—and thank you, Cindy! I'm fighting for big, structural change so our government works for everyone. 
I want every little girl to know that she can run for office—because that’s what girls do. Thank you for being in this fight, Lyd! 
 The  have officially begun stopped by Roosevelt High School in Des Moines to greet caucusgoers and…
Donald Trump grew up rich and spent his career getting richer off the backs of others. We need a candidate who can draw a clear contrast with his corruption.I grew up on the ragged edge of the middle class, and I'm fighting to make sure all families have the chance to thrive. 
I’m honored to have you in my corner, 
We’re building a grassroots movement that will unite our country and create big, structural change. 
Two of my brothers are Republicans. But there's more that unites us than divides us. We're outraged by the costs of child care, education, and housing. We're horrified by corruption in Washington. And we're fighting together to build a country that works for us all. 
 It’s time. Warren Democrats, you know what to do! 
 “I was looking for someone who was going to be fearless. And committed to justice for all the people, not just some.”…
Americans are at their best when they take on the big battles and fight for their country and their families.Fighting back is an act of patriotism.
This is how we do it—together. Thank you,  
Iowa, you have a decision to make tonight. Will we let the fear pull us back—or will we fight back?I got into this race because I'm ready to fight back. 
 Proud to be in Iowa today helping caucus for someone who can unify our party and beat Donald Trump! Rememb…
My boys! 
 To ensure that your voice is heard on caucus night, we recommend arriving to your caucus location at 6:30 PM CT—you must b…
This is our moment in history. Let’s do this, Iowa. 
 The argument for is simple:She would be the best president.If you want a longer argument, here's the sixty seco…
Iowa, it’s almost time. Try to get to your caucus location at 6:30 PM CT—you must be in line by 7:00 PM CT.Confirm your caucus location now:  
Women have outperformed men in competitive elections since Donald Trump was elected. Women win. 
 Text CAUCUS to 24477 
Thank you, grateful to have you on  
I choose hope over fear.I choose courage over cynicism.
 The Iowa Caucuses are tonight and I am proud to be on the trail for my friend making sure that Iowans across t…
Wishing a very happy birthday to my dear friend and Campaign Co-Chair I’m so proud to be your partner in this fight. 
 All of the hard work, all of the plans, all of the conversations with friends, neighbors, and family members—it all comes…
I'm so grateful for every single person who has joined this grassroots movement for big, structural change. This is how we're going to do it—together. 
 “I am in this fight because this is our moment in history, our moment to choose hope over fear. Our moment. To dream bi…
Children are dying under our government’s watch. We cannot look away from this humanitarian crisis. As president, I will end this cruelty.  
Yesterday, I stopped by to say thank you to a few  volunteers in Des Moines. I'm so proud of our team, and so grateful for every single volunteer who's part of our grassroots movement. Let's do this, Iowa! 
We need all hands on deck! Make calls to Iowa caucusgoers now. 
Thank you, I’m proud to have you in my corner—and I’ll always be by your side in this fight. 
When I decided to run for president, it was an act of optimism that we could build a country of our best values—and that optimism has only grown. From Indianola, Iowa to all across the country, we’re ready to fight for that brighter future. 
That's a choice no parent should ever have to make. I'm proud to be at your side in this fight, Let's do this. 
It’s going to take all of us to make big, structural change. Text Iowa caucusgoers now. 
Are you caucusing tonight in Iowa? Here’s a list of resources to bookmark: 
This is not the time to nibble around the edges of the big problems we face. This is our moment to fight for the big, structural change we need. I'm ready to fight—and in Ames, Iowa, and all across the country, I know our grassroots movement is ready, too! 
Thank you, Iowa. Over the past year, you've made me a better candidate—and you'll make me a better president. 
I believe we can build an America where everyone is valued.An America where we invest in every single child.An America where people—not money—are the most important part of our democracy.Let's build that America together.
Today's the day, Iowa. This is our moment to dream big, fight hard, and build big, structural change. I hope you'll stand in my corner tonight! 
I hope you’ll be in my corner tomorrow night, Iowa! Here’s everything you need to know to caucus. 
The way I see it, fighting for a  means fighting to build a country that lives our values. It means asking those at the top to invest in an entire generation—so that everyone has the opportunity to thrive. 
This is a hard moment for our country. But we still have our voices and our votes—and if we use them now and in November, we can restore decency and integrity in Washington. 
 I don’t have to wonder what kind of president will be, because I know what kind of Senator she is.I told the s…
Our rural communities and family farmers should have every opportunity to thrive. Wherever you live, I'm fighting to make sure our government and our economy work for you. 
 We have loved every minute on the ground in Iowa!  Thank you for having me and for all you're doing for Iowa and
 It has been an honor to travel around Iowa and be in this fight with I know that she has what it takes to win…
 Elizabeth never forgets who she's fighting for and alongside. She never forgets the people. 
Are you ready, Iowa? Commit to caucus now:  
Who is our government going to work for? Will it work just for the wealthy and well-connected—or will it work for everyone? and I are fighting to put power in the hands of the people. I'm so grateful she could join me in Cedar Rapids! 
Trump has been president for three years now, and you can feel the fear across the country. We have a choice to make: Will we let the fear pull us back, or are we going to fight back?Me, I'm fighting back. Because fighting back is an act of patriotism.
Over a year since launching this campaign, I'm more optimistic than ever because of our grassroots movement here in Iowa City, and all across the country. It’s made me a better candidate—and you’ll make me a better president. 
Thank you, I’m committed to protecting the right to a safe, legal abortion and expanding reproductive health care for every American. 
 Thank you I’m so grateful to have you on 
I'm grateful to everyone who got into this presidential race. It's not easy to do, but we all do it for the love of our country. They brought their good ideas, enthusiasm, and talent. Our job as a party is both to say thank you—and to come together to beat Donald Trump. 
It’s time to  in Ames! Tune in for a live look at our rally: 
At the core of Donald Trump's presidency and behind so many issues we face in Washington is corruption—plain and simple. And I've got a plan to root it out. 
Woo-hoo! Thank you, I’m so grateful to have you on  Together—we’ll make sure this country works for everyone. 
I’m proud to have you in my corner, CAUCUS to 24477 to commit to caucus with  on Monday night. 
 So inspired by you brother, thank you for all you do in the pursuit of equity ; justice 
My decision to run was an enormous act of optimism—a belief in what we could do together. A year later, I’m more optimistic than ever because I believe in the power of the grassroots movement. We will build the America of our future. This is our moment in history.
Sophie, I’m in this fight for you. 
 As I told today, Elizabeth Warren is the candidate that can unite our party and build a coalition that looks li…
Love you, Bruce. I couldn't do this without you by my side. 
Two days, Iowa. Let's do this. Get in the fight now:  
 “We share values—a vision, as well—for what America should be and can be.” talks with about why…
Jennifer, Michael, and Stephen all caucused for different candidates in 2016. On Monday, they'll be caucusing with  Together, we're building the movement not just to beat Trump, but to make the big, structural changes we need. 
 Thank you, This is how we’ll win—together.
Iowa, you have a decision to make. Will we let the fear pull us back—or are we going to fight back?I'm fighting back. That's why I'm in this race. 
I’m excited to join for our live  event in Davenport—tune in! 
 Thank you, So excited to have you in this fight.
There are just two days left before the Iowa caucuses! I helped kick off a canvass in Urbandale, Iowa—because it's going to take all of us fighting together to make big, structural change. No matter where you live, you can volunteer and help right now:  
 “Big, structural  - 
Mike is done with Donald Trump's broken promises. So this Monday, he'll be caucusing with  and helping us fight to root out Trump's corruption in Washington. 
 This is not a time for small ideas. Elizabeth Warren is committed to dreaming big and fighting hard to build a better A…
Two of my brothers are Republicans. But there's more that unites us than divides us. We're outraged by the costs of child care, education, and housing. We're horrified by corruption in Washington. And we're fighting together to build a country that works for us all. 
  starts off the morning with a canvass launch in Urbandale—and some pats for Bailey! 
Representation matters. I’ll ensure that our educator workforce keeps pace with the changing demographics of our schools. That also means investing in identity-affirming curricula, so that students see themselves in their school work—not just one month a year, but all year long.
Continuing to militarize schools won’t improve school safety. I’ll fight to end zero-tolerance discipline, which disproportionately impacts Black students, and invest in restorative justice programs. I’ll also push to close the mental health provider gap in schools.
 at school. Every student deserves to learn in a welcoming and safe public school. As president, I’ll ensure that the federal government plays its part in bringing a positive, nurturing climate to every school. 
It's so good to be back in Iowa! Thanks to everyone who stayed late to welcome me back to Des Moines last night—and thank you for hosting us! 
They all voted for different candidates in 2016—and they're all joining in 2020. This is how we beat Donald Trump—by pulling together a grassroots movement across the country. Watch our New Hampshire ad. 
Thanks to a secret deal between a software company and a major opioid manufacturer, electronic records used by thousands of doctors pushed opioid prescriptions.This crisis has been driven by greed, pure and simple—and there must be accountability. 
Hey Iowa, has a special message for you! 
Innocent civilians are the main casualties of landmines. This is an abhorrent decision that won’t make America any safer, and could cause untold damage. As president, I will reverse this decision and work with our allies to eliminate landmines. 
Families in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, and all across the country are ready to fight for big, structural change. Tune in as I join for our  rally. 
Black history is American history. And American history teaches us that racism has for generations shaped every crucial aspect of our economic and political systems. 
In Iowa and across the country, one thing stands true about this movement we're building together: Over the past year, you've made me a better candidate—and you'll make me a better president. 
This  I want to reiterate a promise: When I am president, the lessons of Black history will not be lost. Those lessons will live in every part of my presidency. And I will ask you to hold me accountable for that promise every single day.
I'm so grateful for each and every one of our grassroots donors! This is how we make big, structural change: together. 
Your donation right now would make a direct impact on how many caucusgoers and voters we can reach at this pivotal moment. I wouldn’t ask if it weren’t important—will you pitch in $3 or whatever makes sense for you before midnight? 
 Proud to stand with and co-chair this historic grassroots campaign. The Iowa caucuses are three days away and t…
I am deeply grateful for these endorsements, and I will fight to make sure that every LGBTQ+ person in America has the opportunity to thrive. 
Our January FEC fundraising report will set the tone for the rest of 2020—and we have until midnight to make it as strong as possible. Pitch in $3 or whatever you can to help grow our movement. 
 We’re only three days away from the Iowa caucuses! We’re counting on you to redouble your efforts—contact your friends, n…
This is what the wealth gap looks like in America today. It's time for a  so we can invest in opportunities for working families, produce a bigger pie, and cut families a larger slice:  
 Thank you This is how we’re going to do this—together.
I’m so grateful to have and Bob on  Together, we’re going to keep fighting for big, structural change. 
Our Campaign Co-Chairs and are back in Des Moines to help  Tune in at 8:15 PM ET for a live look at our rally! 
 "Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses" As a son of Eritrean refugees, those words mean everything. The Pre…
Trump just expanded his racist, xenophobic Muslim Ban to ban 6 more countries—including Nigeria, the most populous nation in Africa.Congress must pass the NO BAN Act. And if they don’t, I’ll reverse the Muslim Ban on the first day of my presidency. 
In this moment of crisis, I know we'll protect our democracy by standing up for ourselves and each other. We have defeated corruption before. We have changed our system together before. And we will do it again.
The only force that’s powerful enough to stop Trump and the Republicans is us—the American people. They want us to be discouraged and feel hopeless because they're afraid of what will happen when we all come together and take up each other’s fights.
Senate Republicans have let the American people down, giving Donald Trump permission to conspire with foreign governments to undermine your vote. The GOP has shown where they stand—and it's not with you.
The DNC didn’t change the rules to ensure good, diverse candidates could remain on the debate stage. They shouldn’t change the rules to let a billionaire on. Billionaires shouldn't be allowed to play by different rules—on the debate stage, in our democracy, or in our government.
Farmers like Mark have experienced the effects of climate change firsthand, all while Big Ag and Big Oil walk away with giant profits. We need big, structural changes so family farmers like Mark have the opportunity to thrive. 
This is not a time for small ideas. This is a time to fight for big, structural change—but I can’t do it alone. Please chip in $3 or whatever you can before tonight's crucial FEC deadline: 
 Hope over fear. Courage over cynicism. Optimism in the face of hardship. And a commitment to dreaming big about what’s…
This moment is too important to nibble around the edges of the problems we face. Thank you for your endorsement. We need big, structural change—and I'm ready to fight for it. Check out our new Iowa ad. 
 Warren campaign co-chair and Congresswoman came down to the Palmetto State last weekend to share why she i…
Hope over fear.Courage over cynicism.I’m fighting for Drew, for Juan, for you, and for everyone in this country. We’re going to do this, 
 Thank you, I’m proud to fight beside you to put power in the hands of working people.
 Nothing makes me more proud to be a part  campaign than being able to work with some of smartest, most dedicated,…
Senate Republicans and the White House should know that the evidence against Trump won't be hidden forever. On day one as president, I will order the release of every document related to this impeachment inquiry that they've been hiding. The people will learn the truth.
By pushing through a sham trial with no witnesses and no White House documents, they are assisting with his cover-up, and giving him a green light to continue breaking the law. And they've trampled over our Constitution in the process.
Donald Trump is dangerous and corrupt: He undermined our diplomatic relationships for his personal, political gain. He solicited foreign interference in our elections. Even Republicans have begun to admit it—they simply refuse to hold him accountable for it.
Donald Trump has deprioritized global health security and cut critical programs like Predict—which can leave us vulnerable to epidemics. As president, I'll bring back Predict and invest in our public health systems to keep us safe from outbreaks like coronavirus. 
 Elizabeth Warren is candidate that can unite our party, and assemble the coalition we need to win.Her experience, visio…
In 2016, Stephen caucused for Donald Trump. Now, he's switching parties to caucus for me on Monday. This is how we beat Trump in 2020. Watch our new Iowa ad. 
This is our moment in history. We can choose hope over fear and fight to make our country work for working people. But it’s going to take all hands on deck—and that’s why I’m asking: Will you chip in $3 to help grow our movement? 
They all voted for different candidates in 2016—and they're all joining in 2020. This is how we’re building the grassroots movement that will unite the country and create big, structural change—by bringing people together. 
The Iowa caucuses are just three days away—so we got some friends together to talk about what you can do these next few days to help! 
Republicans know that the facts are damning for Donald Trump. If they push through a sham trial to protect him, with no witnesses and no White House documents, they will be assisting with his cover-up, and setting a terrible precedent for the future of our country.
I couldn't do this without incredible people like by my side! 
This is shameful. Taxpayer money should be used for programs meant to help American families—not for the personal benefit of Donald Trump’s corrupt administration.
And Trump’s first HHS Secretary still hasn’t repaid taxpayers for the private jets he took while fighting to rip health care from millions by repealing the ACA.
The head of Medicaid, Seema Verma, spent millions of taxpayer dollars on consultants to boost her personal image while trying to kick people off Medicaid or significantly cut their coverage. 
The Trump administration took another step to rip health care away from millions. This Medicaid "healthy opportunity" plan will leave many sicker and deny them care they need—while Trump administration officials use taxpayer dollars for their own benefit. 
There are four days until the  The critical work we’re doing now—talking with voters, knocking on doors, hosting events—is only possible through grassroots donations. Will you chip in $3 before you log off Twitter tonight? 
Kerris's family pays $1,200 a month for health insurance, plus $700 more a month for diabetic supplies. If they can't afford that, they're forced to re-use supplies and risk infection.No one should profit off patients and struggling families. We need  
 We desperately need a new president. There are many great candidates in the Dem race and I will eagerly support and vote…
We lose about 100 people a day in America to gun violence—which often falls hardest on Black and Brown communities. My plan to end this epidemic addresses all kinds of gun violence.  
 What is grassroots organizing? and sat down to talk about the movement we’re building to…
Why are there no resources for essential programs? The wealthy and the well-connected have used their influence in Washington so they can skip out on the bill.I'm going to make sure our government works for everyone—and pass a  so everyone pays their fair share. 
We have a Congress that is being held hostage by the gun industry.If we want to end the gun violence epidemic, we must fight Washington corruption head-on and eliminate the filibuster. 
We need to decriminalize mental health crises and invest in prevention and treatment services. I'm grateful to for taking the time to talk with me about I'm proud to support Yes on Measure R, and I'll fight for comprehensive criminal justice reform. 
This continues to be one of the hardest questions I've ever had to answer. No child should have to go to school afraid for their lives. We must end the gun violence epidemic now. 
These airline catering employees work hard every day to bring food to travelers—they should be paid enough to feed their own families. I stand with them in their fight for fair wages and good benefits. 
 I'm fighting to make sure that Xiomara and kids across the country with complex medical needs and disabilities can grow up in a world that is accessible and inclusive—because everyone deserves the opportunity to thrive. I'm proud to fight alongside you. 
We know that a small group of corrupt extremists will do everything they can to stop this bill. That's why I've also got a plan to root out the corruption in Washington. Together, we can end the gun violence epidemic that is devastating our communities. 
The  is supported by and gun violence prevention, civil rights, public health, and community organizations across the country.
Our gun violence epidemic is a public health emergency—and we need to make big, structural changes if we want to end it. So today, I introduced the  in the Senate to confront this crisis head on. 
 is a leader in our fight to defeat the climate crisis, and I'm deeply grateful for their endorsement. This is the existential threat of our time—and when I'm president, I'll fight for a  and a 100% clean energy future. 
Our government officials can best serve the American people when they reflect the diversity of the country itself. That's why I'll build a Cabinet and senior leadership team that reflects the full diversity of America. 
Thank you, LGBTQ+ Americans should feel free to be who they are and live without fear or discrimination. I won’t stop fighting for them. 
Navient has avoided paying $22 million it owes to the federal government. Now they're asking Betsy DeVos to wipe that debt away. It's absurd. When I'm president, I'll cancel debt for student loan borrowers—not the loan servicers who cheat and abuse them. 
 Democratic presidential candidate wants to dispel the myth that women aren't electable. And she's got the num…
Right now, we have a government that works great for the wealthy and well-connected—at the expense of everyone else.I'm fighting to make sure we have a government and an economy that works for working families. And I’m proud to fight alongside and 
People told me the CFPB could never happen—but it did. People told me I could never beat a popular Republican incumbent—now he's a former senator. I know how to fight, and I know how to win. Will you chip in $3 to help fund our grassroots campaign? 
Trump's cruel "Remain in Mexico" policy put asylum seekers' lives in danger. When I'm president, I'll reverse this cruel policy and ensure that asylum seekers are treated with the dignity and respect that every human being deserves.  
I'm fighting to put power in the hands of working people, and as president, I'll fight to strengthen unions and empower their voices. Because when unions win, all workers win. 
Big corporations push to enact state "right to work" laws to crush unions and the workers they represent. I’ve led the fight against these laws, and today I’m reintroducing a bill in the Senate to eliminate them nationwide.
Too many families like Laura's are struggling to get by, coping with one financial crisis after another. All she wants is a fair shot—for herself, and for her kids. I'm fighting to make sure our economy works for every family in America, not just the wealthy and well-connected. 
This is our moment in history to dream big and fight hard for the big, structural change our country needs. If you’re ready to join us, hop on the dialer and talk with Iowans about our movement. This is how we’ll do it—together.  
Gun violence. Climate change. Health care. Criminal justice reform. Immigration.We know what's broken, and we know how to fix it. But, because of corruption, nothing ever gets done.If we want to make big, structural changes, we need to root out corruption in Washington.
 The American dream is at risk—but is ready to fight for it. 
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in history—and if we want to beat him in 2020, we need to draw the sharpest possible distinction with his corruption. I'm running to root out corruption in Washington and make government work for everyone. 
 Thank you so much! Together, we’re going to build a country of our best values.
 Podemos vencer a Donald Trump, y cuando lo hagamos, se asegurará de que este país funcione para todos.Vean su…
Kids like Autumn are worried about the threat of climate change. I'm fighting to protect her future and the future of our planet—not to protect the profits of corporate polluters putting that future at risk. 
The stakes of this election are too high. We need to fight the spread of false information that disempowers voters and undermines democracy. I’ll do my part—and I’m calling on my fellow candidates and big tech companies to do their part, too.
Campaigns and tech companies can take a number of steps to slow the spread of misinformation right now. And as president, I'll take a series of actions to further address the spread of disinformation.
I'm also calling on tech companies like Facebook, Twitter, and Google to take real steps right now to fight disinformation spread on their platforms. The safety of our democracy is more important than shareholder dividends and CEO salaries.
I’m sending a clear message to anyone associated with the Warren campaign: I will not tolerate the use of false information or false accounts to attack my opponents, promote my campaign, or undermine our elections. And I urge my fellow candidates to do the same.
So today, I’m making a pledge: I will not knowingly use or spread disinformation to benefit my own candidacy or damage others. And I will fight disinformation aimed at my campaign, my opponents, and voters.
Anyone who seeks to challenge and defeat Donald Trump must be prepared to take on the full array of disinformation that foreign actors and people in and around his campaign will use to divide Democrats, suppress Democratic votes, and erode the standing of the Democratic nominee.
In the 2016 election we saw how digital disinformation was used to influence and suppress voters. But 4 years later, we're hardly better prepared for it. Donald Trump has welcomed foreign interference in our elections, and if he isn't removed from office, he'll continue to do so.
Disinformation and online foreign interference erode our democracy, and Donald Trump has invited both. Anyone who seeks to challenge and defeat Donald Trump in the 2020 election must be fully prepared to take this on—and I've got a plan to do it. 
A small group of the wealthiest families has gobbled up a massive amount of wealth—at the expense of everyone else. This is what the wealth gap looks like in America today. It's time for a   
The world changed after 2016. Since Donald Trump was elected, women candidates have been outperforming men candidates in competitive elections. We took back the House and state legislatures because of women candidates and women who got out to help elect them.Women win! 
Donald Trump not only ordered his team to “get rid” of a career ambassador, but did so at a private dinner with wealthy donors. For too long, money has bought access. It’s time to get money out of politics, pursue real campaign finance reform, and end corruption in Washington.
I'll be on with shortly to talk about the Senate impeachment trial and how we'll root out corruption in Washington.
No matter where you live in America, you should have the opportunity to thrive. I want Washington to work for communities all over this country—including our rural communities—and I've got a plan to make sure it does. Thanks to everyone who joined us for our Davenport town hall! 
Gordon Sondland got his job as an ambassador after donating $1 million to Donald Trump’s inaugural committee. Lev Parnas bought access to the president using foreign money. On day one of my presidency, I will take aggressive steps to end Washington corruption.
I called Mary Ellen to say thank you for making the three millionth contribution to this campaign! This is how we're going to create big, structural change—together. Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to join this movement.  
I was proud to take the pledge—and I've proposed a plan to end sexual assault in the military. We owe it to our service members to make real change and reform the military justice system. 
  is the president our country needs. 
I'll be on shortly to talk about the Senate impeachment trial against Donald Trump—tune in.
Our health care system is immoral and inefficient, and it is costing lives. No one should be able to make a profit off of denying people health care. I'm fighting for  for families like Jenny's. 
We can beat Donald Trump—and when the dust settles, I'll fight like hell to make this a country that works for everyone. Watch our new Nevada ad in Spanish. 
We must end this cruelty. I’ll reverse this bigoted, xenophobic ban on my first day in office. 
 Thank you, I don’t take this endorsement lightly, and I’m committed to continue reaching out, listening, and learning from you.
 Thank you for your endorsement and for volunteering with this campaign, This is how we build big, structural change—together!
 Thank you I know that together, we’ll be able to root out corruption in Washington and make our government work for the people.
I'm deeply grateful for endorsement. They're on the front lines of the fights for better wages, benefits, and dignity on the job—including when they won their historic contract with Sodexo. I'm proudly fighting by their side. 
 🚨BREAKING🚨: Today endorsed our movement to  I am moved by all she has done to create structural…
 BREAKING: Sen. Elizabeth Warren has endorsed my campaign to flip  is an unrelenting champion for working f…
 I am honored to have the support of Sen. who has dedicated her career to America’s working families. Excited to…
 Growing up in Section 8 housing in the Village of Spring Valley, I never imagined I would one day run for Congress, or t…
Trump's "peace plan" is a rubber stamp for annexation and offers no chance for a real Palestinian state. Releasing a plan without negotiating with Palestinians isn't diplomacy, it's a sham. I will oppose unilateral annexation in any form—and reverse any policy that supports it.
I couldn't do this without my family by my side. Check out our new Iowa ad! 
I’m proud to endorse an experienced public servant with a proven track record of standing up for working families. With him as Travis County District Attorney, we'll gain another champion in the fight to transform our criminal justice system. 
As an educator and former school board leader, knows firsthand the struggles that working families face. I know she’ll be an unwavering force in Congress that will fight tirelessly for them, both at home and in Washington—and I'm excited to endorse her! 
 knows that we’re in a fight to put power in the hands of working families. With him in Congress, we’ll gain another chance to build the big, structural change our country needs. I’m proud to endorse him! 
 is a seasoned advocate and a champion invested in rethinking the county’s approach to criminal justice reform. I’m confident that when reelected, she'll continue to be an effective public servant who leads with compassion, and I'm proud to endorse her! 
When we prepare and collaborate to fight common threats, we can stop these diseases in their tracks.
Diseases like coronavirus remind us why we need robust institutions and investments in public health, and a government that is ready to respond at any moment. That means using science-based policy and confronting climate change, which will affect how diseases emerge and spread.
It's time to invest in keeping Americans safe and healthy. That’s why I have a plan to prevent and prepare for outbreaks, contain them if they do break out, and push for medical advances to treat emerging infectious diseases.
Donald Trump has deprioritized global health security, repeatedly tried to nickel and dime key federal programs, refused to confront climate change, and done almost nothing in response to natural disasters that could cause serious outbreaks, like the hurricanes in Puerto Rico.
To effectively beat infectious diseases like coronavirus, we need all hands on deck. But like so much else, Trump’s approach to keeping us safe from disease outbreaks is a mess. When he's gone, we must fix the damage he's done—and I've got a plan for that. 
 My grandmother came here as a seven-year-old orphan with almost nothing. She would have been turned away under these poli…
Are we going to give in to the fear, or are we going to fight back? I'm ready to fight back.Fighting back is an act of patriotism. 
Try as they might, the White House should know that the evidence against Donald Trump will not be hidden forever. On day one as president, I will order the release of every document related to this impeachment inquiry. The American people deserve to know the truth.
The Muslim Ban has separated families and torn apart communities. Citizens and students are being harassed and humiliated at our borders. We must end this cruelty—I’ll reverse this bigoted, xenophobic ban on my first day in office. 
This is not a time for small ideas. This is not a time to nibble around the edges of the real problems that we face. We need big, structural change—and we're building the grassroots movement to fight for it. Thank you Cedar Rapids for joining me and last night! 
Donald Trump grew up rich and spent his career getting richer off the backs of others.I grew up in Oklahoma, on the ragged edge of the middle class, and I'm fighting to make sure all families have the chance to thrive.Watch our new Iowa ad, narrated by 
Even with scholarships, even with a bit of savings, Carolyn still had to take out loans to afford to go to college. She wants her son to have a better future, free from debt. That's why I've got a plan for universal free two- and four-year public college and technical school. 
 With just eight days until the Iowa caucuses, 44 more Iowa leaders have endorsed IOWA to 24477 to join our…
This is simply another way for the Trump administration to attack immigrants, particularly those with disabilities. Families shouldn't be forced to choose between staying in our country and basic health care and housing. I'll overturn this rule as president. 
I'm so grateful for these endorsements. This is how we're going to make big, structural, progressive change, and build a movement that will defeat Donald Trump. 
We can‘t ask our military to solve problems that can’t be solved militarily. It's time to end these endless wars and bring our troops home. 
The president’s obstruction is unprecedented. Nixon staff testified and documents were turned over. Yet Trump has at every turn blocked witnesses and defied subpoenas for documents. If his obstruction stands, Congress will be forever weakened. The Senate must act.
On the 75th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz,  the millions of victims of the Holocaust. We must recognize the horrors of the past so we can never repeat them in the future, and fight bigotry and hate at every turn. 
Women candidates have been outperforming men candidates in competitive elections since Donald Trump was elected. Women win. 
  fights for what’s right. 
Republicans can't say there is no direct evidence of what the president's done while there is somebody out there saying: "I have the direct evidence." We need a real trial, with witnesses and documents. 
It’s hard to save enough for a decent retirement, and it’s only getting harder. That's why I've got a plan to increase Social Security benefits by $200 a month—the biggest increase in nearly half a century—so seniors like Michael can retire with dignity and live independently. 
Bruce and I are heartsick for Vanessa Bryant, the entire Bryant family, and the family and friends of those killed in the crash. We grieve with you. America, hold your children close and tell your loved ones how much you care.
 Tough, fearless, and ready to fight for the people. 
My determination to lead a movement has been forged by the thousands of people from Des Moines, Iowa, and across the country who are ready to fight for the country they know we can be. I'll fight to build an America of our best values—one that works for everyone. 
If we want to end this crisis for good, we need universal free public two- and four-year college and technical school. Everyone should have the opportunity to get an affordable higher education—and I've got the plan for that. 
The student loan debt crisis didn't happen by accident. States invested less in public college students and shifted the burden onto them and their families. So while I paid $50 a semester, today's students are graduating with thousands of dollars of debt.
States should focus on funding public schools, not private ones—especially not ones that maintain anti-LGBTQ+ policies. We must ensure every kid—especially LGBTQ+ kids—can get a high-quality public education. 
 This week, and his brother Joaquin traveled across Iowa—and made a lot of calls for
I want every little girl to grow up knowing that when they fight from the heart, they can win—and we pinky promise so they won’t forget. 
 The just endorsed "With Warren, the Oval Office will be occupied by someone who has made rebuildin…
Thank you, for your endorsement! Iowans are ready to make big, structural change—and I’m going to fight my heart out for everyone in Iowa and across the country. 
My promise to Jennifer, to Iowans, and to everyone in this country is this: I’ll fight for you as hard as I fight for my family. From immigration to health care to climate change and beyond, Americans are ready for big, structural change—and I’m in this fight all the way. 
All the president’s lawyers have done today is make the case for documents and witnesses. If Trump didn't do anything wrong when he withheld aid for personal, political reasons—well, release the documents and prove it to us. They won’t, because what Trump did was illegal.
It’s true!  
My daddy couldn't work for awhile after his heart attack. We lost the station wagon and nearly lost the house. But my mom got a minimum wage job that saved our home.Today, a minimum wage job can't keep a mom and a baby out of poverty.It's time to raise the minimum wage. 
Every day, doctors see firsthand what our broken system does to patients who skip prescriptions, treatments, and tests due to cost. This week, thousands of doctors came out in support of fixing that system for good and I’m grateful to have them in this fight for  
Happy Lunar New Year to all those around the world celebrating! Bruce and I wish you a joyous holiday spent with family and friends, and warmest wishes for health and success in the new year.
 On today’s  talks with our campaign manager about our roadmap to winning the Democ…
Health care workers do so much to care for their communities. They need and deserve fair wages, benefits, and safe staffing levels. I support the workers of my team will be standing with you at all seven strike locations next week. 
 Thank you, I’m proud to fight alongside you to make sure our economy works for all of us.
 Thanks, LFG!
David is a fifth-generation farmer—and he hopes that his two daughters have the opportunity to carry on farming. But if there's going to be a sixth generation of Rosmann farmers, we need to level the playing field for family farms in Iowa and across the country. 
Trump provoked a conflict with Iran, then concealed and diminished the injuries our troops suffered as a result. It's appalling. I worked in the Senate to improve treatment of traumatic brain injuries—and as president I'll end the wars that cause them. 
 There are only 18 days left until the  primary. So today I'm I’m snowy New Hampshire with to talk to vote…
Abortion rights are human rights.Abortion rights are economic rights.We will never stop fighting to defend those rights.
Being a working mom was hard, and it was child care that nearly brought me down. Today, it's holding back families like Amber's. Every family should have access to high-quality, affordable child care—and we can pay for it with my  
The UN’s ruling in favor of protecting the Rohingya is an important step forward in accountability and protecting the human rights of Muslim populations around the world. We can’t be silent in the face of the atrocities the Rohingya have faced. 
Republicans and the White House have made it clear that they don't want the American people to know what happened. When I'm president, I'll order the release of every document related to the impeachment inquiry that they've been hiding so the American people know the full truth. 
Even more disturbing, damning evidence that Donald Trump undermined our diplomatic relationships, our committed public servants, and our national security for his own personal, political gain. This is exactly why we need a real trial, with witnesses and documents. 
My fight for social, racial, and economic justice is rooted in my faith. Faith doesn't just call on us to think good thoughts—it calls on us to act. Today, I'm proud to introduce my Interfaith Advisory Council—principled faith leaders who know our fight is a righteous struggle. 
Yesterday, our grassroots campaign surpassed three million grassroots donations. I’m deeply grateful for your support: This is what your contributions are building. 
Three million double-woohoo thank yous, Team Warren! You make our campaign possible. 
I believe in the rule of law. The United States must be a country where the rule of law means something. If we don't re-establish the rule of law in this country, every future administration will think they can act illegally without facing any consequences.
The White House and the Republicans have made clear that they don't want the American people to know what happened. So they're not letting any of the documents out and they aren’t allowing any witnesses. But they should know this evidence won’t be hidden forever.
On day one as president, I will order the release of every document related to this impeachment inquiry that the administration has been hiding. The public needs to know what happened. All the other candidates for president should commit to take this step as well.
I'll be on soon to talk about the impeachment trial and how we'll hold Donald Trump accountable.
Thousands of lives were lost in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, while unused aid remained in a warehouse under the government's watch. That's corruption—plain and simple. I stand with the people of Puerto Rico as they demand accountability from their government.
Impeachment managers laid out a clear case describing how Donald Trump solicited a bribe from President Zelensky when he pressured him to open investigations into a political opponent. If any other official did that, they would be in jail. This is a criminal presidency.
 谢谢, We are grateful for the support from these amazing leaders and proud to be a part of this with all of you!…
Trump has sought foreign interference at least twice to help him in elections. He’s a repeat offender—and if Senate Republicans protect him now, they are giving him a green light to do it again.
John Stumpf oversaw a scam that hurt hundreds of thousands of customers and cost workers their jobs. It's not accountability for him to give back a fraction of the millions he made. As I've said, he should be criminally investigated—and put in jail if the facts justify it. 
 Today a big (really big!) group of climate leaders endorsed 🌎 It’s exciting to see such a diverse ; visionary…
Toxic “forever chemicals” like PFAS should not be in our water. My administration will fully enforce safe drinking water standards and aggressively regulate chemicals in our water supply—including by designating PFAS as the hazardous substance that it is. 
I knew that I wanted to be a teacher—and it was my second grade teacher who made me believe that I could.  who I am today, and I'll fight for our public schools, our teachers, and our students. 
The conditions in Parchman are dangerous and inhumane, and we are seeing the deadly consequences. As we fight to end mass incarceration, our government needs to meet basic human rights standards for the people under its care.  
Construction workers building our cities deserve justice and fair wages. As a former law professor, I stand with members fighting for justice and dignity as they call on to ensure workers are paid what they’re owed. 
 When Democratic Leader Janet Petersen first ran for office, the naysayers said she couldn’t win. But like
Thank you, I’m proud to fight alongside you so every LGBTQ+ American has the opportunity to thrive. 
 I'm very proud to be part of this list of 100+ AAPIs endorsing for president. We support you, Senator. And t…
The Bolsonaro government is pursuing state retaliation against Glenn Greenwald because of his work as a journalist to expose public abuse and corruption. Brazil should drop the charges immediately and stop its attacks on a free and open press. 
 Today, I’m excited to join an entire community in enthusiastically endorsing Elizabeth Warren as the next president of the Un…
  sat down with Rep. for our first  to discuss what’s happening in the Senate im…
 These are all reasons why I'm endorsing and doing so with passion. And I'm not alone. I'm proud to be among ove…
Mitch McConnell took an oath to uphold the Constitution. No one is above the law. That includes the president of the United States. I’m in the Senate, ready to uphold my sworn duty to the American people. Republicans should do the same.
I'm grateful down to my toes for each of these endorsements. I promise to fight shoulder-to-shoulder with you all for the big, structural change we need so everyone has the opportunity to succeed. 
When a public school teacher from Des Moines, Iowa asked me about the greatest threat facing our nation, I said climate change. We've got to fight this climate crisis, because that is how we will keep America safe. 
Donald Trump has done serious damage to our government. As president, I’ll move swiftly to appoint new personnel who will undo his disastrous policies—and I'll adopt the strictest anti-corruption hiring rules of any administration in American history. 
The president of the United States has abused our government for his own personal, political gain. It's corruption, plain and simple.We have a moment now to root out corruption and make sure government works for everyone—not just Donald Trump and his rich cronies. 
I'll be on shortly to discuss the impeachment trial and how I'm fighting to root out corruption in Washington.
Planned Parenthood fights every day to ensure people get the reproductive health care they need. That’s why I was proud to join in Iowa for a fireside chat, and why I stand with them to protect the important health services they provide. 
I lived in an America where abortions were illegal. If you had the means, you still had access to safe abortions. It was the most marginalized and vulnerable people who did not. We can never go back to that time.  
Thank you for your leadership. I'm proud to take this pledge. We've got to make sure our government and our economy work for our family farmers, farmworkers, and food chain workers—not just Big Ag and giant corporations. 
 I said many times during my campaign that Democrats can’t lose their voice in the fight for the poor.One reason I was p…
Immigration and law enforcement should be kept separate. Combining them only sows distrust and harms public safety. I stand with and Las Vegas must honor its pledge to stop unconstitutionally detaining immigrants. 
This bill is a huge step forward. State employees work hard to serve and support Colorado families—they deserve the same in return. I stand with in the fight for collective bargaining rights. It's time to rewrite the rules to strengthen the voices of workers. 
We need to make sure our government and our economy work for all of us, not just the wealthy and well-connected. There are nearly 140 million poor and low-income people living in this country—almost half of our population. This is the central question of our election. 
 Our Regional Organizing Director for the Upstate is all in for (and his five year-old daughter Oliv…
Black and Brown women are leading the charge to protect reproductive rights—yet they face significant barriers accessing abortion care. My administration will empower their leadership and fight against the decades of systematic racism that has led to this point.  
If Michael Bloomberg wants to be the Democratic nominee, he should let reporters do their jobs and report on him, and everyone else, as they see fit. And he should divest from Bloomberg News so there’s no question about his influence over news coverage of presidential candidates.
I’ve taken more than a thousand unfiltered questions from the press and from voters since I got in the race. I welcome tough questions and scrutiny because the free press is a cornerstone of our democracy—and every presidential candidate should be closely vetted.
Bloomberg News banned its reporters from investigating Democratic candidates as Mike Bloomberg runs for president. This ban puts reporters in an impossible situation and undermines a free press. Bloomberg should lift the ban and divest from Bloomberg News. 
 Incarcerated women in Florida demand dignity, especially during pregnancy. We will continue to fight for prison reform,…
After Ebola, Congress invested to prevent pandemics like coronavirus. Donald Trump tried to cut that funding. As president, I’ll fully fund global health security, research on medical countermeasures, and public health capacity at home to keep us safe and healthy. 
There are 40 million people locked in poverty in our country. Yet, we've barely been asked any questions on poverty in the seven Democratic debates we've had so far. I agree with and We need a  
Reproductive rights are human rights.Reproductive rights are economic rights.And I will fight to protect those rights. 
Trump's spent his entire presidency attacking every lifeline we have for struggling families. Democrats will win by not just defending these benefits, but by fighting for progressive expansion of Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. See my plans:  
Thank you Together, we'll sweep out the corruption of the Trump administration and make our government work for the people. 
47 years ago today,  established the constitutional right to abortion. But right-wing ideologues are trying to turn back the clock. I've got a plan to protect our rights and ensure real access to birth control and abortion for all.  
Trump has appointed people who are actively hostile to the mission of their government agencies—like Betsy DeVos, who doesn't believe in public education. I'll appoint a Secretary of Education who has been a public school teacher and believes in our public schools. 
 We’ve got to climb out of a deep hole after this administration decimated worker’s rights, trampled human rights, ; dis…
 Good morning! When Elizabeth Warren is president, we'll investigate Trump's corruption, not sweep it under the rug. 
We're in a climate crisis, whether Donald Trump wants to admit it or not. But after he lined his administration with fossil fuel lobbyists, it comes as no surprise that he is in denial. 
This is how we build big, structural change—together. Text GOTC to 24477. This is our moment to dream big, fight hard, and win! 
 I’m teaming up with my brother to campaign for ahead of the Iowa caucuses.Join me and at a me…
Our government is working better and better for the wealthy and well-connected—at the expense of everyone else. It's time to get big money out of politics, and that starts with overturning Citizens United. 
 Thank you This is how we build big, structural change—together.
 Thank you, I’m grateful down to my toes to have you on
 Hear why is all in! ⬇️"Elizabeth believes everything I believe – in standing up for working families, prot…
We need a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United.
 and have both done important work breaking down barriers and paving the way for others to follow, and I'm grateful that these two exceptionally talented women have joined our fight for big, structural change! 
This election is about power and who needs more of it. That's why you won't find me behind closed doors sucking up to rich donors. I spend my time in town halls and selfie lines—and those are the conversations I will carry with me to the White House. Check out our new Iowa ad. 
My mom got a minimum wage job that saved our home and family. Today, a minimum wage job isn't enough to keep a mom and a baby out of poverty. I'm standing with as they fight for a $15/hr minimum wage, because every family should have the opportunity to thrive.
 Hoy estamos publicando nuestro documento “Restaurar la promesa estadounidense para la comunidad Latina.” Un documento que…
Donald Trump is afraid—but I’m not. We're going to beat Donald Trump in 2020, and we're going to root out the corruption that he has spread in Washington. Watch our new Iowa ad. 
Mitch McConnell knows the facts are damning for Donald Trump. To protect him, he’s pushing through a sham trial with no witnesses and no White House documents. He’s orchestrating a cover up, and trampling over the Constitution as he does it.
 Thank you I'm proud to fight alongside you to make sure every family has the opportunity to thrive.
 must invest in a diverse workforce. That means investing in their residents and ensuring they don't face housing insecurity while taking care of our community. I stand with the residents.   
When Amazon makes billions in profits but pays $0 in federal income taxes, it’s corruption—plain and simple. Our government is working great for a thinner slice at the top, but not so much for everyone else.  
The Latino community has been at the forefront of the fight for social, racial and economic justice—leading with unwavering courage. As president, I will continue to listen and learn from the community. And I will ask you to hold me accountable for that every single day. 
We march to honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. And we fight to realize his dream of social, racial, and economic justice. 
Donald Trump’s presidency has been a dark time—but it won’t end just because he's left office. Rooting out corruption and incompetence, rebuilding our government, and ensuring it will work for the people will require painstaking work. I've got a serious plan to get it done.
Our government officials can best serve the American public when they reflect the diversity of the country itself. That's why I'll build a Cabinet and senior leadership team that reflects the full diversity of America.
Under the Trump administration, we've seen appointees who are actively hostile to the missions of their agencies, like Secretary Betsy DeVos, who doesn’t believe in public education. As president, I'll appoint people who want to fulfill their agency's mission, not undermine it.
I'll move swiftly to appoint new personnel who will undo the Trump administration's disastrous policies. I'll adopt the strictest anti-corruption hiring rules of any administration in American history.
I will also direct the Justice Department to establish an independent task force to investigate violations of specific anti-corruption and public integrity laws during the Trump administration, with independent authority to pursue any substantiated violations.
On day one of my presidency, I will take aggressive steps to root out the corruption and incompetence of the Trump administration, starting by removing all political appointees, except those necessary to preserve continuity and protect national security.
I know how to get our government working for the people because I’ve done it before. In 2010 President Obama picked me to get the CFPB up and running. We recruited a mission-driven staff, set up the organization, and it acted swiftly to protect Americans from financial predators.
Donald Trump has done serious damage to our government. He's left key positions unfilled. Of those he has filled, he’s appointed lobbyists, campaign donors, and cronies. His current vindictive actions mean he's likely to do everything he can to undermine the next president.
One year from today, the next president will begin her first full day of work. She’ll inherit a government in crisis, infected by corruption, and will need the expertise and drive to rebuild it and ensure it works for the people. I've got a plan for that. 
Shahab Dehghani is an Iranian student with a valid F1 visa, returning to finish his education. CBP already held him overnight. His deportation must be halted, and we must fight the Trump administration's xenophobic policies. 
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. awakened the conscience of a nation and challenged us to live up to our highest ideals. So though this is a moment of crisis, I marched with a heart full of hope that together we'll one day achieve the racial, social, and economic justice he dreamed of. 
Virginians voted for candidates who support gun violence prevention legislation. The majority of Americans—including a majority of gun owners—support reform too. And they will not be silenced or intimidated.  and I will fight alongside you to end gun violence. 
For-profit detention companies donated generously to Donald Trump, and they've made millions implementing Trump’s cruel immigration policies. It's corruption, pure and simple. I'll fight to permanently ban for-profit prisons and detention centers. 
I'm heartsick for Mustafa Kassem and his family. Imprisoned for six years with negligent medical care—while Donald Trump praised the dictator who held him prisoner and refused to hold him accountable. We must stand up for human rights. 
 Please join me in celebrating my mother,  founded a memorial ; nonviolence training…
I plan to engage communities by showing up, listening, and learning. And part of that is making sure to uplift the voices of my team, so that their lived experiences can help shape our plans and our movement for change. 
 “Let us be dissatisfied.”   
 Today we honor the life of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., and we mark the 25th anniversary of the day of service that celebrat…
Today we honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., and his fight for social, racial, and economic justice. We honor his struggles and triumphs. We honor his courage and his vision.
So, I guess and I are now both undefeated in elections and undefeated in New York Times endorsements! 
 I will be standing with at the  on Feb. 3. She has a vision for fundamentally changing how we show up for…
I'm grateful for every single one of these endorsements, and I'll keep fighting so that every family has the opportunity to thrive. 
We’re far behind the curve—and families are suffering for it. We need paid family and medical leave for all workers now. 
Republicans and the Trump administration are hoping that the Supreme Court will back their extreme plans to limit access to abortion and birth control—which is why I've got a plan to protect both no matter what the Supreme Court does. Enough is enough. 
Amazon made over $10 billion in profits but paid $0 in federal income taxes in 2018. That won’t happen when I'm president. Use this calculator to find out how much big corporations would pay when they pay their fair share. 
The Trump administration wants to weaken the law that bars American companies from bribing foreign officials. That’s corruption, plain and simple. I have a plan to reform our global financial system—and fight corruption at home and abroad.  
 Great day in  for I’m inspired by the stories of why voters are uniting for Elizabeth - child ca…
It’s hard to be a small business owner, especially when you have to pay much more in taxes than companies like Amazon.My administration will fight the influence of corporate money to make our government work for the people—not giant corporations. 
And we do that by investing in Black Americans and creating opportunity. The fights for social, racial, and economic justice belong to all of us—and when I’m president, that truth will inform our policies and our actions.
For generations, the federal government has prevented African Americans from building wealth and financial security. It's time for our government to acknowledge its actions and step in to make opportunity available for African American communities. 
Black Wall Street was defined by the human spirit. So the community was rebuilt relatively quickly, peaking in the 1940s. But it declined in the sixties and seventies because of gentrification and failure to have a systematic mentorship process in place.
In a Warren administration, we will use every tool we have to defeat white nationalist violence and associated acts of terror. 
The men responsible for killing hundreds of innocent African Americans committed an act of domestic terrorism, but they were never held accountable. The search for the victims’ mass graves continues to this day, as does the domestic terrorism threat of white nationalism.
While we can never undo this hateful act of domestic terrorism or the pain and suffering it inflicted on the Black community, we all must do our part to dismantle the legacy of systemic racism and oppression that was left in its wake—and that starts with justice and opportunity.
I had the chance to visit the site of the Tulsa Race Massacre—a terrible chapter in our nation's history.
Nearly 100 years ago, mobs of white residents descended on Black Wall Street in Tulsa, Oklahoma, ransacking Black businesses and murdering hundreds of African Americans. The Tulsa Race Massacre was one of the worst incidents of racist violence in our nation's history. 
What gets you in this fight?I want to hear from you—because I’m fighting for you as hard as I fight for my own family. Chip in $3 or whatever you can right now, and I could call you soon to say thank you. We can only do this together. 
2020 is our chance to stand up to Big Money and make our government work for working people. In Newton, Iowa, and I spoke with voters about how a Warren administration will do just that. 
Let’s be clear: Our government should make health policy based on what’s good for the American people, not what’s good for Donald Trump. 
The Trump administration's cruelty knows no limits. In a Warren administration, we’ll treat immigrants and refugees with dignity and respect. 
Early voting started yesterday in Minnesota, and Jared and Davis camped out in the cold to cast the first votes in the state for me! It’s an honor that makes me feel deeply humbled and grateful. Of course, I had to call them to say thank you! 
I stand in solidarity with everyone marching across the country today—from Florida to New York to Chicago. Together, we’ll keep fighting for a more equal world. 
Our campaign is run by volunteers like Suzanne. Even if you don’t live in Iowa, we’re counting on you. Join our  program to help knock doors with and in other early states:  
My plan for disability rights and equality grew from the community, and I'm grateful for the contributions of advocates like Together, we can build a truly inclusive country! 
I’m fighting for families like Carolyn’s in Grinnell, and everywhere in Iowa. Student loan debt is a crisis—and it’s why I have a plan to start canceling it for millions of Americans on day one.What you could you do if you weren’t crushed by student loan debt? 
White supremacists and people with hateful ideologies of all kinds feel empowered and protected by Donald Trump. This has to stop. In a Warren administration, we’ll use the full force of the Justice Department to fight this head on.
The Iowa caucuses are on February 3—and I can’t wait.As the people of Iowa get ready to make their voices heard, follow to stay up to date on the latest news from our team on the ground in Iowa. 
 We have the power to elect our power will count the most during this critical time before the 
From the Trump administration to giant corporations like Amazon, it’s clear: The wealthy and well-connected have too much power.Chip in $3 to my campaign right now, and let’s put power in the hands of the American people. 
I don't take these endorsements lightly. I’m committed to working together to ensure that we level the playing field for the Latinx community. 
 Thank you, Scott! I’m grateful for your support.
I’m grateful to everyone who has given their time to knock on doors, make phone calls, and build the movement for big, structural change. This is how we’re going to win—together. If you’re ready to join our fight, sign up to be a Road Warrior today:  
A Warren administration will never suck up to those who want to take power away from working people. I’ve led the effort to end anti-worker right-to-work laws, and as president, I’ll make it easier to join a union. 
I’m about to return this survey to the National Right to Work Committee. 
Decades of institutionalized racism have targeted Black and Brown communities and destroyed their families. To face our mass incarceration problem, we need to prioritize rehabilitation and tackle the problem at its roots. 
Our broken capital punishment system has decided the fate of too many people, especially people of color. We must end the death penalty in America for good. 
Not only are Barclays bankers flat-out wrong about my  scared. The wealthy and the well-connected are terrified of losing their power and profits, but it’s time to put power where it belongs: In the hands of working people.
Student loan debt is a crisis—and it's only growing larger. This is crushing an entire generation and holding back our economy. That's why I will act on day one of my presidency to start cancelling student debt and getting relief to families.
I was born and raised in Oklahoma, on the ragged edge of the middle class. I never imagined I'd be back home as a candidate for president of the United States. 
Our best moments as a country are when we see a challenge clearly and mobilize to meet it head on.When we imagine a better world and fight for it with everything we have.
If you've been waiting for your moment to get in this fight—this is it.We need all hands on deck to knock doors, make phone calls, and talk to your neighbors about their plan to caucus. Text GOTC to 24477 to get started. 
Here's my promise to you: I'll fight for your family just as hard as I fight for my own. 
Fear doesn't win. Courage, vision, and hope win. 
Florida voted to restore voting rights for 1.4 million of their fellow citizens—and Republicans are doing everything they can to undermine the will of the people. We must fight this voter suppression—in Florida, and nationwide. 
I've got three older brothers—John, David, and Don Reed. Two of them are Republicans, but we are united in our common values: Fighting for our families and our communities. 
This is corruption, plain and simple. And we must root it out. 
These bills would cause immense harm to LGBTQ+ Floridians—especially children. I'll fight to protect LGBTQ+ youth, including by passing the Equality Act, banning conversion therapy nationwide, and ensuring that every LGBTQ+ person gets the gender-affirming health care they need. 
 Thank you, I’m proud to be in this fight by your side.
 Thank you Together, we’ll build a country where every child has the opportunity to thrive.
Thank you, Together, I know we can build a country where everyone—not just the wealthy and the well-connected—has the opportunity to thrive. 
Thank you, Together, we'll fight for big, structural change. 
The warning signs are clear. We must take bold action now—or we will continue to break temperature records year after year. 
  has a clear path for how she'll achieve her student debt forgiveness plans.   
If we want to protect access to abortion, birth control, and reproductive health care, we must elect candidates up and down the ballot who will protect our rights. I'm proud to stand with 
I’m proud to be in this fight alongside Together, we’re going to build the movement for big, structural change. 
The Department of Education is sitting on evidence of massive racial disparities in student debt. My administration would start canceling student loans on day one—and open a civil rights investigation into racial disparities in student debt. 
Grateful for every single person’s endorsement. Your leadership during these dark times gives me hope. My promise to you is this: I will continue learning and listening to the community, and I’m in this fight with you all the way. 
The president not only undermined our diplomatic relationships for his own personal, political gain—he also broke the law. He must be held accountable or he will continue breaking the law and putting the country at risk. 
The people of Puerto Rico have shown incredible strength and resilience in the face of multiple disasters, and we cannot forget or ignore their suffering. I'll fight to ensure they get the aid and resources they need to recover.
And as we fight the climate crisis, I will make environmental justice a core part of our fight, ensuring that communities in Puerto Rico on the front lines of this crisis receive the pre-disaster mitigation and post-disaster aid they need and deserve. 
I've got a plan to provide comprehensive debt relief to Puerto Rico, which will help rebuild Puerto Rico's infrastructure after these devastating natural disasters. 
Donald Trump’s cruel indifference to Puerto Rico's suffering is only a small part of the problem. Puerto Rico is dealing with a debt crisis, fueled in part by Wall Street firms that are using their desperation as just another opportunity to make a profit.
The Trump administration, meanwhile, has been sitting on billions of dollars of disaster aid that Congress appropriated to provide Puerto Rico with relief.
Puerto Rico was on its way to recovering from multiple devastating hurricanes—and these earthquakes are only compounding the damage to local infrastructure.
The last few weeks have been terrifying for the people of Puerto Rico. Hundreds of earthquakes have struck the area, some of which have caused devastating damage. Homes have been destroyed—or are so unstable that families are afraid to sleep inside.
Lev Parnas's interview on tonight is damning. He's an associate of Trump's personal lawyer, Rudy Giuliani, and implicated Trump in a criminal extortion scheme. How can any Senator argue that we don't need a real trial, with witnesses and documents? 
Despite the challenges we face, I left the  stage with a heart full of hope. This is our moment to fight for big, structural change, and we will build it together. 
Workers have been striking against Asarco's abusive labor practices for over four months. Some are taking temporary jobs to make ends meet, while Asarco rakes in profits. I stand with and the other unions in their fight for fair wages. 
 I’m ready for President Elizabeth Warren 
After women took back the Virginia General Assembly, Virginia finally passed the Equal Rights Amendment, becoming the final state needed for ratification! Congratulations to all of the incredible women who led this charge. 
  has the most progressive and comprehensive plan for workers since the New Deal – that's why more than 100 New Ha…
Thank you I'm so grateful to have you in this fight. Together, we're going to build the big, structural change our country desperately needs. 
I stand with the people of Puerto Rico. Trump should release the full amount of natural disaster aid that Congress appropriated. Lives are at stake. 
Imagine a country where the decisions made in Washington aren’t simply bought and paid for by lobbyists and big donors. Imagine a country where the fossil fuel industry and the NRA don’t have a death grip on Congress.We have to root out Washington corruption.
This is corruption, plain and simple. We will not defeat the climate crisis if our government agencies are packed with people who have ties to the fossil fuel industry. Fighting corruption must be at the center of our fight against climate change. 
These restrictions on the press go against the constitutional right of freedom of the press, and have absolutely nothing to do with ensuring security. The American people need and deserve transparency and accountability during the impeachment trial. 
The revelations in these text messages are shocking, and we must get to the bottom of them. I stand with Ambassador Yovanovitch and all of our diplomats, who deserve to be supported and protected by our government—not undermined or threatened. 
As looks to expand NAS Fallon, it hasn’t meaningfully consulted and worked with the Fallon Paiute-Shoshone Tribe. That’s unacceptable. As president, I’ll seek Tribal Nations’ free, prior, informed consent for decisions affecting their lands. 
Student loan debt is widening the racial wealth gap. Enough is enough.  
I saw the warning signs of the student loan debt crisis more than a decade ago. Families can't wait any longer for relief. That's why I'll use every tool a president has to start providing relief on day one of my presidency. 
With just days until the Iowa caucuses, any amount you can give helps keep up the momentum—from purchasing materials for canvasses to last minute ad buys.We can only do this together. Will you chip in $3 now? 
I come here tonight with a heart filled with hope because this is our moment in history. Our moment when no one is left on the sidelines—our moment when we build the movement to make real change.  
 Thank you I’m happy to have you in this fight for big, structural change.
Two of my brothers are Republicans. There's a lot we disagree on, but there's a whole lot we agree on. One big thing: They're furious that giant corporations making billions of dollars in profits are paying $0 in federal income taxes. We must root out corruption.  
If we want to make any progress on climate change, gun safety, health care, and all of the other issues that matter to us, then we need to root out corruption in Washington.  
We can let people experience what health care is like when it's just you and your medical professional—with no health insurance company standing in the way.  
This is our moment to build the movement to make real change. Hope and courage—that is how I will make you proud every day as your nominee, and as the first woman president of the United States of America. 
I came to the  tonight with a heart filled with hope, because I see this as our moment in history. Our moment when no one is left on the sidelines, our moment when we understand that it comes to us to decide the future of this country.
We didn’t talk about trans women of color who are at risk, Black infant mortality, climate change that hits Black communities, farmers who are barely holding on, people struggling with mental illness. 
During the  break, I made notes on what we didn't get to talk about: The disability community struggling for true equality, how gun violence worries every parent in this country, how children are living in poverty and seeing their life chances shrink.
I took an oath to uphold the Constitution of the United States of America. It says that no one is above the law—and that includes the president. If we have an impeachment trial, I will be there because it is my responsibility.  
I just stepped off the  stage feeling energized by our fight for big, structural change. And I just heard from my team: We’re close to meeting our mid-month fundraising goal. Will you chip in $3 before midnight? 
Being a mom was hard work. But it was child care that nearly brought me down. I have a  so we can cover  and universal pre-k for all of our children—an investment in our babies and their moms and dads.  
We have a chance to unite as Democrats, independents, and Republicans. I’m building the grassroots movement leading the fight. We’re going to make America work for everyone—not just the rich and powerful. That’s how we’re going to beat Trump. 
Two of my brothers are Republicans. There are a lot of things we disagree on, but there's a whole lot we agree on: My brothers are furious over giant corporations making billions of dollars in profits and paying zero in corporate taxes. We must root out corruption. 
People are suffering. We must get as much help to as many people as possible, as quickly as possible—and I’ve worked out a plan so we can do that without raising taxes on the middle class.  
We’ve known about the climate crisis for decades. But the fossil fuel industry came in to make big money and stop change. We must take back our government from the corruption. That is the only way we will make progress on climate and on all of the issues. 
Climate change threatens every living thing. On day one, I’ll do everything a president can do all by herself to fight this crisis: Roll back the changes that Trump is putting in place, stop all new drilling and mining on federal lands, and end offshore drilling. 
The impeachment trial will show that this is the most corrupt administration of our lives. That’s what lies at the heart of it—Trump putting Trump first. We need to draw that distinction, and show that Democrats are fighting on the side of the people. 
Some things are more important than politics. I took an oath to uphold the Constitution. It says that no one is above the law. That includes the president of the United States. We have an impeachment trial, and I will be there because it is my responsibility. 
In 2008, people asked if an African American could be elected president of the United States. We said yes, stood behind our candidate—and changed America.  
We need a  in America. We need to ask giant corporations to pay their fair share. That’s how we build an economy that works for everyone, bring down the national debt, and invest in our kids and our future.  
 We need trade deals that work for America, work for American workers, and are good for our environment—not ones that only w…
 We've turned the corner so many times in these endless wars that we're going in circles. will bring our combat tro…
As a young mom, child care would have sunk me if it weren’t for my Aunt Bee. My plan is  paid for with my  so we can cover child care for all of our children and provide universal pre-k for every 3 year-old and 4 year-old. 
We have to get as much help to as many people as quickly as possible. My  plan does that without raising taxes on middle-class families by one penny. On day one, I will cut the cost of drugs like insulin and EpiPens that Americans rely on. 
We need to start with what's happening in America: People are suffering. 36 million people last year went to the doctor, got a prescription—and couldn't afford to have the prescription filled. Let’s be clear: We need  
Keep in mind that the men on this stage have lost ten elections. The only people on this stage who have won every race are the women—Amy and me.  
The real danger that we face as Democrats is picking a candidate who can’t pull our party together—or someone who takes big parts of the democratic constituency for granted. We need a candidate who will excite all parts of our party and bring everyone in. 
Can a woman beat Donald Trump? Look at the men on the  stage tonight. Collectively, they have lost ten elections. The only people on this stage who have won every single election that they’ve been in are the women: and me. 
I led the fight against the trade deals that weren’t in the interest of the American people, American workers, or the environment. We have farmers here in Iowa who are hurting. And they are hurting because of Donald Trump's initiated trade wars. 
We need a policy that actually helps our workers and our farmers. The USMCA is a modest improvement. I believe we should accept that relief, try to help the people who need help, and then we get up the next day and fight for a better trade deal. 
 It's time to bring our combat troops home. knows—we can't ask our military to solve problems that cannot be solved…
 The principal job of the Commander-In-Chief is to keep America safe—and has the judgment to do the job. 
We need authorization for the use of military force before we take this nation into combat. That is what the Constitution provides, and that is what I will do as Commander-In-Chief. 
We have to stop asking our military to solve problems that cannot be solved militarily. We need to work with our allies, and use our economic and diplomatic tools.We need to get our combat troops out of the Middle East—now. 
We have a revolving door in Washington between the defense industry and the Pentagon. That’s corruption⁠—and as president, I’ll block that revolving door and cut our defense budget so the defense industry isn’t calling the shots. 
The job of the Commander-in-Chief is to keep America safe. That's about judgment. I've sat on the Senate Armed Services committee, I've worked with our generals, I’ve visited our troops. My 3 brothers were in the military—I know how much military families sacrifice. 
This is our moment to fight hard for big, bold ideas. Let's go!  
Zachariah pitched in a few bucks to our campaign, so I called him to say thank you!Tonight’s the  and we have a new mid-month goal to hit—$750,000. Chip in $3 right now, and I could call you next:  
Big banks want you to believe that people who file for bankruptcy are reckless or irresponsible. The truth is that they're struggling, and just one disaster is enough to send them over a cliff. They don't need shaming—they need relief. 
Donald Trump is undermining our national security—and he just might be helping his rich buddies get even richer along the way. The American people deserve answers. 
 Fact: plan to call for mass student debt cancellation on day one falls within the power ; authority of the Pr…
After I dropped out of school, I thought my dream of going to college and becoming a teacher was over. But I found a commuter college where tuition was $50 a semester—and I got to live my dream.I'm fighting so everyone can have the same opportunities I did.
Canceling student loan debt is a racial justice issue.  
Circulating images of Democrats in hijab or a turban as a way of insulting them denigrates the faith of millions of Muslims and Sikhs. Islamophobia and racism have no place in the Oval Office. No American should have to worry about their faith being denigrated for political gain.
Enough is enough. We have to cancel student loan debt—and make public two- and four-year college and technical school tuition free so we never end up in this crisis again. 
If you were no longer tied to your job in order to pay off student loan debt, where would you go? 
Families can't wait. Big, structural change will start on day one. 
 and I share a vision of America as a country where every family has the opportunity to thrive. And we're fighting to build it—together. 
Thank you, You've been a powerful voice holding the Trump administration accountable in the House, and I'm proud to have you on  
The future of our economy and a generation of student loan borrowers are at risk, and we must use every tool and opportunity we have to help them. We can't let corruption in Washington hold back big, structural change. I’m committed to seeing this fight through—no matter what.
I will also use all the tools available to me to address the racial disparities in higher education, crack down on for-profit institutions, and eliminate predatory lending.
Understand this: The Department of Education has broad authority to end the student loan debt crisis. When I'm president, I plan to use that authority.
I made sure Congress provided $700 million in a relief fund for borrowers who dedicated their lives to public service but missed technical requirements for loan forgiveness, and I fought to cancel loans for 80,000 students who were cheated by Corinthian Colleges.
When I was elected to the Senate, I used every opportunity and tool available to ease the burden of student debt. I fought to lower interest rates, refinance loans, and hold loan servicers and debt collectors accountable for breaking the law and hurting borrowers.
We have a student loan crisis—and we can't afford to wait for Congress to act. I’ve already proposed a student loan debt cancellation plan, and on day one of my presidency, I’ll use existing laws to start providing that debt cancellation immediately. 
 Thank you, I’m proud to be in this fight alongside you for big, structural change.
This is how we're going to make big, structural change—together. Watch our new Iowa ad! 
If the only way to run for president of the United States is either to be a billionaire or to suck up to billionaires, then we're going to have a country that works better for billionaires—and worse for everyone else. 
I support the right of the people of Iran to peacefully protest against their corrupt government. But this isn’t about us. We should support them, including by lifting the Muslim Ban—not try to engineer regime change or recklessly risk a war.
  joined  in Iowa for our Newton office opening and canvass launch (and some cookies)! 
We all do better when everyone has the opportunity to fully participate in all aspects of life. Together, we must fight to build a truly inclusive world.  
I’m deeply grateful to have the support of the and They’re on the frontlines of making sure our educators have dignity on the job and that every kid can build a better future. I look forward to standing shoulder to shoulder with them in this fight. 
Thank you, You've always been a powerful voice for justice and equality, and you've made this primary stronger. I know you will continue to be a leader in the fight to defeat Donald Trump and build a stronger future for America. 
I'm not afraid to stand up to billionaires and giant corporations because I'm in this fight to build a government and an economy that works for everyone. Check out our new ad in New Hampshire! 
Everywhere I go, I hear stories of families like mine—hanging on to their place in the middle class. They're worried about a health crisis, a lost job, losing their house or their car. But they still have hope—and they're ready to fight for the America they know we can be. 
We need a government and an economy that works for all of us, not just the wealthy and well-connected. In Marshalltown, Iowa, and I talked about how we can build a country where every single family has the opportunity to thrive. 
We know what's broken in this country, and we know how to fix it. But widely popular policies are stuck. If we want to make big, structural change, we can’t let corruption in Washington hold up the changes we desperately need to make. It’s time to get rid of the filibuster.
Florida teachers are rallying for fair pay and better funding for schools, and they won't be intimidated or undermined. I stand with the teachers—and I'll fight so that teachers get the fair pay and well-funded schools they need and deserve. 
Housing.Health care.Education.Immigration.Minimum wage.Social Security.Climate change. All policy issues are disability policy issues.  
We are facing a maternal mortality crisis in America. And for Black moms, it's an epidemic. One major reason why? Racism. Let’s be clear: It's time to hold health systems accountable and demand change—because lives depend on it. 
Americans in Dover, New Hampshire, and all across the country are ready for big, structural change. 
 is a champion for consumers (and I’m proud to call her a former student!). Katie grew up in Iowa, and this weekend she returned for our Mason City town hall. Together, we’re going to keep fighting to root out corruption in Washington. 
Let’s be clear: Climate change is putting all of our futures in jeopardy.I’m grateful for the opportunity to talk with voters about my plans to defeat the climate crisis in Milford, New Hampshire. 
The Iowa caucuses are just 23 days away. If you sign up to make calls to Iowa caucus-goers this weekend, I could give you a call! You can start making calls from anywhere, right now. This is how we’re going to do this: Together. 
Climate change is the existential crisis we all face. It’s why I’m fighting my heart out for big, structural changes like a  and a  
There are still huge problems with our bankruptcy laws today, in large part due to harmful provisions in the 2005 bankruptcy bill. It’s why I have a plan to overhaul consumer bankruptcy rules in this country and restore the middle class. 
My response was to study contracts, finance, and—most of all—economic failure, to learn everything I could. And I started a ten-year fight against the banking industry’s efforts to change our bankruptcy laws so they could squeeze everything they could out of working families.
I don’t think my dad ever spoke the word “bankruptcy,” at least not when I was around. He and I were both afraid of falling off the financial cliff. His response was to not talk about money or what might happen if it ran out. He stayed away from sores that hurt. I poked at them.
I spent most of my career studying one simple question: Why do American families go broke? Whenever someone asked my daddy about my bankruptcy research, I noticed that he would look off and say something like “Oh, she’s special, that one,” and then move on to something else.
I’m grateful every day to have in this fight! 
No matter where you live, we need all hands on deck in Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, and South Carolina:  
I’m grateful to for canvassing with in Des Moines this weekend! Every door we knock brings us closer to big, structural change. 
Congratulations to workers who have fought more than 15 years for justice. When workers fight, workers win. 
 I don’t have to guess what kind of president would be because I’ve seen her hard work on behalf of families firs…
When billionaires and giant corporations don't contribute their fair share, it means that paying for our roads, schools, and firefighters falls on the rest of us. I've got plans to root out the corruption in Washington so that they pay their fair share—same as the rest of us. 
I'll never stop fighting for the big, structural change we need. 
Laws criminalizing homelessness disproportionately harm people with disabilities. We need to invest our resources in ending homelessness and giving people the services they need, not arresting them.  
Private equity greed is driving up rents, pushing families from their homes, and breaking up communities. It's legalized looting—profiting off the backs of families. It's time to rein in private equity, and I've got a plan for that. 
Together, and I are going to fight to pass the  and create millions of good union jobs to build a green new economy. 
Climate change is an existential threat, and we can’t let corruption in Washington hold up the changes we desperately need to make. It’s time to get rid of the filibuster. 
346 people died. And yet, Dennis Muilenburg pressured regulators and put profits ahead of the safety of passengers, pilots, and flight attendants. He'll walk away with an additional $62.2 million. This is corruption, plain and simple. 
Donald Trump is seemingly doubling down on his bigotry and xenophobia. Let’s be clear: I’ll reverse the Muslim Ban on my first day in office, and I won’t stop fighting against policies that scapegoat and hurt Muslim communities and families. 
From refusing medical care to expanding the definition of “public charge” to justify denying green cards, the Trump administration has enacted an inhumane immigration agenda that has coupled xenophobia with ableism. As president, I'll protect immigrants with disabilities. 
Donald Trump's first concern on national security issues is not the security of the United States. It's Donald Trump's own political skin. This is reckless and we must speak out.  
 True story: worked alongside Senate Republicans to make low-cost, high-quality hearing aids available for millions…
Are we going to be a country that works for everyone, or just a thin slice of people at the top? I'm fighting so everyone has the opportunity to build a good life for themselves and their families. 
We know what's broken in this country, and we know how to fix it. But corruption holds up any progress. From health care to child care, free college, and Social Security, we can make the big changes we need if we root out corruption in Washington. 
No one should be forced to choose between paying for medication and basic essentials like toilet paper. It's time to raise Social Security payments by $200 a month. 
Republicans and Democrats have been giving cushy ambassadorships to wealthy donors for years. It's corruption, plain and simple—and in a Warren administration, I'll end it. Check out our new Iowa ad. 
Today's reporting confirms what I said on Sunday—why did this strike happen on the eve of an impeachment trial? Trump is taking us to the edge of war for his own political benefit. It's reckless and dangerous. We must speak out. No war with Iran.  
Go to  and be a part of this fight. This is our moment in history to create big, structural change. 
Donald Trump's reckless, dangerous actions have escalated tensions and driven us closer to the brink of war.Enough is enough. 
Trans youth are more likely to feel unsafe at school and to experience mental health problems. They need and deserve to be treated with dignity and respect, not to be attacked by their state legislators. As president, I’ll fight to ensure they have every opportunity to thrive. 
Private equity greed is driving up rents and costing thousands of people across the country their homes and jobs.It's time to rein in Wall Street greed, and I applaud my colleagues in the House for their work to hold them accountable. 
 To pass the bold and scientifically necessary climate legislation we need, we must kill the filibuster.
I've got a plan to create 10.6 million green jobs, and of the architects of the  here to answer your questions about how we can build a green new economy together!  
When we organize together, when we fight together, and when we persist together, we can win.
 AFFH was the largest expansion of fair housing regulations since the civil rights movement—and I was proud to finalize it…
People from my former life are rising stars … in public service. People from Donald Trump’s are rising stars … in prison. 
Climate change threatens every living thing on this planet, and we're going to need to use every tool we have to defeat it. 
Teri, I'm going to hold on to this photo of Leo. And I promise you that I will never, ever give up this fight. 
If billionaires can buy their way into this race—or if candidates need to spend their time with billionaires—then our democracy will only work for those who are already rich. I'm fighting for big, structural change so our government works for everyone. 
Someone trying to make a decision about whether or not to get an abortion should be able to call on anyone for help—their family and friends, their partner, or their pastor.But the one entity that should not be interfering in that decision is the federal government. 
Facebook is paying for its own glowing fake news coverage, so it's not surprising they're standing their ground on letting political figures lie to you. Facebook needs real competition and accountability so our democracy isn't held hostage to their desire to make money. 
We must renew our fight against housing discrimination, and I’ll start on day one. As president, I'll restore the Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing Rule to help end housing segregation. 
It's going to take bold plans and a grassroots movement fighting together to defeat the climate crisis. I'm grateful for leadership in this fight, and I'm proud to fight alongside them for a  that rebuilds our economy powered by 100% clean energy.
The status quo is working great for the wealthy and the well-connected, but not so much for everyone else.Big, structural change is coming—and I’m not afraid to fight for it.
The first caucuses and primaries are just weeks away! It's time to get all hands on deck to talk to voters in early states. Sign up to join our call crew now: 
It should be quick and easy to join a union, and I stand with the as they fight for a fair vote to form one.
 Congratulations on your historic achievement! I can’t wait to see the big, structural change you and your colleagues lead in Virginia.
You deserve better. Dump the guy who ghosted you, convince the roommate to let you adopt a dog, and I'll take care of canceling your student loan debt! 
 Organizing, mobilizing, creating change—the CREDO Action team did it all. We’re grateful for all of their hard work for pro…
The big banks want you to believe that families go broke because they're irresponsible or wasteful. But when I studied why families go broke, I found devastating stories. Lost jobs. A medical crisis. A death in the family. These families don’t need shaming. They need relief. 
Imagine what our country will look like—imagine what your own life will look like—when we finally turn this page in our history.  If you can imagine that something better lies ahead, then you're more than halfway there. The first step is to see it. The next is to fight for it. 
This is dangerous and wrong. We must ensure new infrastructure projects account for their climate impacts. As president, I'll make sure all new infrastructure projects undergo a climate test and are subjected to a thorough environmental impact review. 
Together, and I are fighting to build an America that represents the best of who we are. 
These benefits are lifelines for millions of people with disabilities. I'll fight this cruel move by the Trump administration, and as president, I'll fight to expand and reform SSDI and SSI benefits to ensure financial security for all. 
 If we want to usher in real change in this country, we can’t afford to leave anyone out.In small towns and big cities,…
We don't need a president who undermines our allies and escalates tensions. We don't need a president who tweets threats of war crimes. We need a president with a sound strategy, willing to use every diplomatic and economic tool we have to step us back from the brink of war. 
With my  we can achieve  universal two- and four-year public college and technical school, cancel student loan debt, and put $800 billion into our public schools. That would be life-changing for families. 
Last night’s event in Brooklyn with filled me with hope. We can be an America that represents the best of who we are—if we dream big and fight hard, together. Chip in $3 now to help keep our campaign growing. 
Cash bail is an unreasonably punitive and financially burdensome system that disproportionately victimizes Black and Brown communities. Rolling back these reforms would blatantly disregard the voices of New Yorkers who voted to end it. 
The selfie line is even more fun with 
 Thanks for always fighting your heart out, Sze. We’re in this together!
 and I are fighting for an America that represents the best of who we are. I’m proud to be in this fight by your side, Julián! 
Tonight, my prayers are with our service members, our diplomats and personnel serving in Iraq, and their families—and all the people in the region.This is a reminder why we need to de-escalate tension in the Middle East. The American people do not want a war with Iran. 
Join me and for our live event in Brooklyn! 
 In just a few hours, I’ll join in Brooklyn to share why I think she’s the best candidate to lead the fight for a…
 Thank you for joining in Las Vegas, can’t wait to have you back again soon!
 Bankruptcy is a powerful tool that gives working families a second chance. Our current system needs reform. Thank you
Our grassroots donors are pretty surprised when I call to say thanks—someone even thought I was a recording. But I promise, it's really me! And if you donate now, I might just call you tonight to say thanks:  
Kate McKinnon is really fabulous. I'm with kudos to the costuming department! 
 Under  mental health care will be treated as what it is—critical health care. 
We cannot ask our military to solve problems that cannot be solved militarily. We have to use every diplomatic and economic tool we have—and we need a sound strategy guiding us. Trump's reckless, dangerous actions are only escalating this crisis and putting our military at risk. 
 Programs and policies meant to deter opioid abuse should not force millions of Americans to lose access to critical medicine and live in pain. My administration will take care to balance both priorities. 
 I'll fight to end the loss of SSI benefits for individuals that are admitted to medical facilities or emergency homeless shelters for longer periods of time. I’ll also expand SSI to citizens in territories like Puerto Rico to establish equal rights to SSI for all. 
 People with disabilities deserve financial security. My plan increases SSI to the federal poverty line, revises income limits, and ends rules that force people to choose between critical benefits and financial independence, saving, or marrying the person they love. 
 I’ll fight to make Election Day a national holiday, require all federal elections to have a minimum of 15 days of early voting, expand voting hours, allow the option to vote with a sworn statement of identity instead of an ID, and offer voting by mail. 
 Participating in our democracy should be accessible for all. I’ll ensure polling locations are conveniently located and have accessible ballot machines for people with disabilities. I’ll also research improving voting security and accessibility for everyone. 
 Thank you and for hosting this chat! I look forward to working with  to build a truly inclusive country.
 What are the things that you're fighting for—and how can leaders in government be better listeners? 
 Disability will not be an afterthought in my administration—it will be a priority. We all do better when everyone has the opportunity to fully participate in all aspects of life, and together, I know we can realize a truly inclusive world. 
 We also have a volunteer working group of leaders in the disability community who help us connect with the larger community. My campaign—and my administration—will always seek the input of the community as we govern. 
 We have staff with disabilities across the campaign. Their lived experiences and talents help foster an inclusive and accessible campaign. 
 As president, I will fight alongside the disability community for justice across all aspects of life and to fulfill the goals of the ADA—equal opportunity, full participation, independent living, and economic self sufficiency. 
 Last week—in collaboration with advocates and thanks to hundreds of emails, letters, and selfie line conversations—I released my plan to protect the rights and equality of people with disabilities:  
 All policy issues are disability policy issues, which is why I’ve approached many of my previous plans with a disability rights lens, from criminal justice reform, to ensuring a high-quality public education for all, to strengthening our democracy. 
 From fostering an inclusive economy and ensuring access to affordable, quality health care for everyone to developing new technology and responding to climate change, we must put disability rights front and center. 
 People with disabilities are still fighting for economic security, equal opportunity, and inclusion—and if we want to build a country for everyone, we need to work together to combat ableism and build big, structural change. 
 The disability community has been fighting for a more just future and a better country for everyone. From the fights to protect the ACA to the stories I’ve heard at town halls and the letters I've been sent, I’ve been so grateful to them for sharing their stories. 
 We have campaign staff with disabilities across the campaign and a Director of Disability Outreach to coordinate with the community. From offices to event spaces to selfie lines, we're committed to making our campaign accessible. 
 I'm committed to making my campaign inclusive. We spent months listening to and working with a volunteer working group of leaders in the disability community to develop our plan to protect the rights and equality of people with disabilities. 
I look forward to answering your questions at our first-ever  Twitter Town Hall! 
I spent most of my career studying why American families go broke. When I saw how the economy was rigged against working families—how the giant banks rigged the bankruptcy system to squeeze struggling families—I decided to get into this fight. 
Looking forward to joining the  table on shortly—tune in! 
My heart and thoughts are with the people of Puerto Rico today. I know they are resilient and I'll fight to ensure they receive the disaster assistance they need and deserve to recover from these earthquakes. 
The fundamental question: Who should our democracy work for—the wealthy and the well-connected, or everyone else? I made the decision to run a grassroots campaign instead of sucking up to billionaires. If you think that's the right way to run, join us:  
The banking industry wants you to believe people who file for bankruptcy are reckless or irresponsible. The truth is that they're struggling with rising costs and flat wages. One crisis is enough to send them over the edge. They don’t need shaming. They need relief.
Finally, I'll close the loopholes that allow the wealthy and corporate creditors to abuse the bankruptcy system at the expense of everyone else.
Bankruptcy also doesn’t affect all people equally. Women and people of color are more likely to file for bankruptcy, which is partly a reflection of wealth and income disparities. I'll take additional steps to target specific problems to help eliminate these shameful disparities.
My plan also makes it easier for people to protect their homes and cars in bankruptcy so they can start from a better foundation as they try to rebuild their financial lives.
We have a student loan debt crisis in America in part because our bankruptcy system makes it nearly impossible to get rid of that debt, even when you have nothing left. While I'm fighting to cancel student loan debt, I'll also fight to make that debt dischargeable in bankruptcy.
Bankruptcy law places certain spending limitations on people while they’re in the process of bankruptcy. My plan pares back some of those burdensome limits—like those that prevent families from paying rent—so families have a chance to recover after the bankruptcy process.
My plan starts by making it easier for people being crushed by debt to obtain relief through bankruptcy by streamlining the process, reducing the costs of filing, and giving people more flexibility in bankruptcy to find solutions that match their financial problems.
In 2005, the banking industry pushed through a bill to change our bankruptcy laws so they could squeeze everything they could out of families. The bill hit working families hard and resulted in 250,000 more foreclosures during the financial crisis. It's time for an overhaul.
I spent most of my career studying why American families go broke. What I discovered was that they weren't reckless or irresponsible—they were being squeezed by an economy that forced them to take on more debt, and one bad break sent them tumbling over the edge.
This economy is pushing struggling families to the breaking point, and our bankruptcy laws make it harder for them to get back on their feet. That's not right. I've got a plan to overhaul our consumer bankruptcy rules. 
Covered a lot of ground on our campaign to Kate McKinnon’s impression of me. I also told I’ll be calling some grassroots donors who donate today to say thank you. Chip in $3 now, and I could call you next! 
I'll be on on soon to talk about the big, structural change I'm fighting for. I hope you'll join us!
I just finished speaking with about the urgency of our moment. We can make our economy and government actually work for the people—but only if we fight for it. Chip in $3 before tomorrow, and I could give you a call soon to say thanks! 
I'll be speaking with shortly about how to build a country and an economy that works for everyone—tune in on
At town halls in Davenport, Iowa, and across the country, people tell me about what's broken—about the things they're afraid of. But in spite of the fear, they have hope that things can change, because they believe in America, and in each other. And I believe, too. 
 I hate to say “I told you so,” but... I told you so!
 We need family-sustaining wages, access to affordable healthcare, ;  Last week, Sen. joined Rosa in Califo…
Together, we imagined a country where everyone has a fighting chance. Thank you, Dubuque! 
There's nothing I love more than having real conversations with voters about how to build the big, structural change we need. So in Maquoketa, Iowa, I went canvassing door-to-door!If you're ready to knock doors, too, sign up for a canvass training!  
Donald Trump is dangerous. He's repeatedly undermined our diplomatic relationships for his own personal, political gain. He’s escalated tensions and driven crises. We cannot allow his reckless actions to drag us back into another war. 
These reports are deeply disturbing. Iranian Americans have the same rights as all other U.S. citizens and should be treated with dignity and respect at our border—not bigoted, xenophobic scrutiny. 
Right now our government and our economy are working great for the wealthy and well-connected, but not so much for everyone else. Every family should have the opportunity to thrive, and and I are going to fight for that—together. 
The way I see it, this election is about fighting for the big ideas that reflect our values—here in Manchester, Iowa, and everywhere in America. 2020 is our time to dream big, fight hard, and win. 
Thank you, You’ve been a powerful voice for bold, progressive change and I’m honored to have your support. Together, we'll fight to make sure every single family in America has a path to opportunity. 
Now let’s make sure we value their work! I’ve got a plan to boost wages for women of color and open up new pathways to the leadership positions they deserve.  
We have to pick up each other's fights. Because that's how we'll build a better America for our kids and grandkids—by fighting together. 
Our achievements weren't born of fear. They were born of boldness and big dreams. Our best moments have been when we see a challenge and mobilize to meet it head-on. In Hanover, New Hampshire, and all across the country, Americans are ready to fight for a brighter future. 
Congratulations to new dads Daniel and Scott—a double woo-hoo thank you for knocking doors with in Ohio! 
I’m so grateful for the hard work of organizers like 
I have the best team. Here’s how they get our selfie lines done so that we can take great photos together! 
I look forward to chatting with  this Tuesday! 
 Elizabeth Warren on the Qasem Soleimani strike: "I think that the question that we ought to focus on is why now? Why not a mon…
 WATCH: Sen. Elizabeth Warren says that "people are asking" why the Iran strike took place now.   
Yesterday, Reagan and Elle asked me two important questions in Iowa. Here are my answers: 
 If you don’t know, now you know! 🤳📸 We want to see your  ‘em using hashtag  
 Tell Emery I'm so sorry that they couldn't join us—but they’re an important part of this fight, and I'm proud to fight alongside them!
Our selfie line is an opportunity to listen to your stories and hear why you got in this fight. Selfie by selfie, photo by photo, person by person—we’re growing our grassroots movement together. 
Thank you, 
Councilwoman is right. My heart is in solidarity with the Iranian-American community. We must fight for our democracy now more than ever so that it has space for all our communities. 
You are threatening to commit war crimes. We are not at war with Iran. The American people do not want a war with Iran. This is a democracy. You do not get to start a war with Iran, and your threats put our troops and diplomats at greater risk. Stop. 
Before I hit the photo line, I put on my sneakers. 
It’s official:  100,000 in Manchester, Iowa! I don’t spend my time asking rich donors for big checks—I  spend it with voters. Our selfie line gives me a moment (or 100,000) to meet our movement. 
Racists, white supremacists, and people with hateful ideologies feel empowered and protected by Donald Trump—and we’re seeing the violent consequences.We have to get Trump out of the White House and fight against white nationalist violence. 
We need to call out the fact that Americans with disabilities are excluded from economic opportunity and denied financial security. I have a plan to fight and change that.
About time. I called for a criminal investigation of the Wells Fargo CEO in 2016, and successfully pushed for the bank's board members to be held accountable.When CEOs and top bankers break the law, they should go to jail—just like anyone else. 
Woo-hoo! Glad to see Okies hard at work in my home state.As we get closer to voting, having conversations with voters is one of the most important things we can do. The good news is you can start making calls now, from wherever you are!  
The problem isn't big government versus small government.The problem is a government that's been captured by the rich and powerful.The solution is creating a government that works for everyone—not just the wealthy and well-connected.
New Hampshire's legislature passed a bill to raise the minimum wage—and Gov. Sununu vetoed it.We need to raise the federal minimum wage so everyone, in every state, has a living wage that can support themselves and their families. 
 Your favorite buttons—now in braille! 
If you can imagine that something better lies on the other side of the chaos and ugliness, you're more than halfway there. First you have to see it. Then we fight for it. Between selfies and pinkie promises in Concord, I heard those dreams. Together, we'll build that future. 
Just a few hours into the new year, another trans American was killed in a senseless act of gun violence.Dustin Parker was a father, a husband, and an advocate who looked out for his community. We must fight for justice for him and all trans Americans. 
Nobody fighting for climate action should be afraid that they’re going to lose their job. In a Warren administration, I will fight to protect and strengthen workers’ voices, especially those who are holding their employers accountable. 
Too many "American" companies have only one real loyalty: The short-term interests of their shareholders. If they can outsource jobs to save a nickel, that’s exactly what they'll do.We have to defend good American jobs—and I've got a plan for that. 
The catastrophic scenes from Australia's wildfires should alarm all of us. Climate change is driving even more dangerous and destructive fires across the world, from California to New South Wales—and we must fight together to defeat this crisis. 
The Trump administration is expanding its dangerous and cruel "Remain in Mexico" policy, putting the lives of even more asylum seekers at risk. As president, I'll reverse this policy and ensure that asylum seekers are welcomed. 
People with disabilities, like Sarah, are still fighting for economic security, equal opportunity, and inclusion—and I'll be fighting alongside them. Together, we built a plan to fight for justice and inclusion. 
Donald Trump is dangerous and reckless. He's escalated crises and betrayed our partners. He's undermined our diplomatic relationships for his own personal, political gain.We cannot allow him to drag us back into another war. We must speak out.
All three of my brothers served in uniform. I know the sacrifices we ask of them and their families. Trump’s actions put every service member and diplomat in the region at risk. This is a moment for vigilance—for Americans to speak up and speak out. No more Middle East wars.
Donald Trump ripped up an Iran nuclear deal that was working. He’s repeatedly escalated tensions. Now he’s assassinated a senior foreign military official. He’s been marching toward war with Iran since his first days in office—but the American people won’t stand for it.
We’re on the brink of yet another war in the Middle East—one that would be devastating in terms of lives lost and resources wasted. We’re not here by accident. We’re here because a reckless president, his allies, and his administration have spent years pushing us here.
I called Laura, a teacher, to say thank you. We agreed: We need a teacher in the White House! I'm so grateful for every single person who chips in to our grassroots campaign. This is how we can win—together. 
In 2019, nearly one million donors pitched in to raise more than $71 million for our grassroots movement—with zero closed-door fundraisers. I'm so deeply grateful for everyone supporting our campaign. Team Warren is ready to dream big, fight hard, and win! 
Soleimani was a murderer, responsible for the deaths of thousands, including hundreds of Americans. But this reckless move escalates the situation with Iran and increases the likelihood of more deaths and new Middle East conflict. Our priority must be to avoid another costly war.
Right now, employers are allowed to pay people with disabilities wages as low as 4¢ per hour. This is shameful. People with disabilities have the same rights to fair wages and economic security as everyone else. I'll fight to end the subminimum wage. 
 New technology can bring many positive changes for people with disabilities—but we have to make sure it isn't used in ways…
 Congressman Dan Lipinski signed on to a brief calling for the overturning of Roe v. Wade. His position in Congress jeop…
Republicans want to turn back the clock, outlaw abortion, and deny people reproductive health care—and they're hoping the Supreme Court will back their radical play. We need to take back the Senate and pass federal laws protecting our reproductive rights. 
 Thank you, for making sure we had those details right. I’m in this fight alongside you all the way!
 I’m deeply grateful for all of your work on this plan and for your work on the ground in North Carolina, I’m proud to fight alongside you for justice for people with disabilities.
  understands ensuring students w/disabilities have access to a great public ed starts with a free and appropriate…
Issues of racism can't just be issues for Black and Brown women—they must be issues for all of us. I talked with on about the Black-white wealth gap, student debt, and how my plans will build an economy that works for everyone. 
Sarah sent me a letter asking me to make sure that people with disabilities like her brother aren't left behind. Sarah, here's my promise to you both: I will fight so he can get all the care and services he needs to live a self-determined life in a community that loves him. 
 I’m proud to fight alongside you—for Xiomara and all our kids. This is how we’re going to win, together!
 Take it from Rebecca Solnit:  has shown no fear.”
I’m fighting for and and all disabled Americans, because no one should be forced to choose between critical benefits and marrying the person they love. 
 Thank you for your tireless advocacy and hard work, I’m grateful to have you on the working group for this plan!
I'll fight to expand and reform Social Security Disability Insurance and Supplemental Security Income to ensure financial security for all. I'm deeply grateful to for helping shape this conversation—and look forward to working side by side to enact these changes.
 Thank you, for taking my call and helping build this plan. I’m proud to work with you!
 Thank you so much for your thoughtful work on this plan and for being a part of Intersectionality is how we get this done! I’m proud to fight alongside you.
New technology can foster accessibility for people with disabilities—if it's affordable. My hearing aid law will help bring down costs, and my administration will work to bring down the costs of assistive technologies for everyone who needs them. 
Thank you, Together, we'll fight for economic security, equal opportunity, and inclusion for all. 
We all do better when everyone has the opportunity to fully participate in all aspects of life. Together, we can realize a truly inclusive world. Because when we organize together, when we fight together, and when we persist together, we can win.
Finally, we must lead the fight for disability rights worldwide. Under Trump, the U.S. has neglected its responsibility to be a leader in human rights, including disability rights. As president, I'll make disability rights a priority in my foreign policy.
As we transition to  I will roll back harmful work requirements, enrollment caps, and Medicaid premiums allowed by the Trump administration—to ensure that Americans with disabilities can get the care they need.
Health care is a human right, but too many people with disabilities face barriers to quality care. We need a system that empowers all people to live full lives and that reflects our values. That system is 
As we tackle environmental injustices and climate change, we must put disability rights front and center. That means accessible and green housing and transportation—and inclusive emergency planning, response, and recovery.
For people with disabilities, finding affordable housing can be even more difficult due to limited accessible options and discrimination. My administration will fight to ensure they have a decent, affordable, and safe place to live, and strengthen anti-discrimination protections.
From criminal justice to voting, immigration, and protecting parents with disabilities from discrimination, my administration will safeguard the rights and civil liberties of people with disabilities and work to ensure that our society and democracy are truly inclusive.
My administration will work to bring down the costs of assistive technologies that allow people with disabilities to lead fuller lives. We'll also enforce existing anti-discrimination laws and propose new regulations that specifically address discrimination in technology.
New technology has brought many positive changes for people with disabilities—but it can be used in ways that discriminate against them or exclude them from an increasingly digital world. I will fight to ensure that technology is used to advance their interests.
My administration will support children with disabilities, their families, and their educators by providing crucial early interventions and ensuring kids have meaningful access to a high-quality public education. And we'll tackle discriminatory policies and practices head-on.
We must also rewrite the rules of government programs that trap people with disabilities in poverty. No one should be forced to wait months to receive assistance or choose between critical benefits and marrying the person they love. I'll fight to expand and reform these programs.
As president, I'll fight for economic security for people with disabilities by rewriting the rules of the economy to end labor market discrimination and exploitation, and foster inclusivity. That starts with fighting for a $15 minimum wage—and ending the shameful subminimum wage.
Disability activists have organized for years to fight injustice. 2020 marks the 30th anniversary of the ADA, and though we've made significant progress, we still have a lot of ground to cover. In my administration, disability rights and equality will be a top priority.
People with disabilities are still fighting for economic security, equal opportunity, and inclusion—and they’re not fighting alone. As president, I'll partner with the disability community to combat ableism and fight for justice across all aspects of life. 
Thank you for being a powerful voice, for proposing bold and progressive plans, and for using your campaign to help people who need it now. You made this race stronger—and you will continue to be a leader in our party and our country for many years to come. 
Americans do big things. That’s who we are. And our best moments as a country have been when we see a challenge clearly and we mobilize to meet it head on. So let's begin this new year with big dreams and bold plans!
What are your aspirations and dreams for 2020? If you weren't stretched to make ends meet, who would you be? If you weren't crushed by debt, what would you do? If you lived without worrying if you could afford the health care and prescriptions you need, how could you thrive?
Taking the time to see ourselves and our world better than they are today sparks urgency in our hearts and determination in our minds. As we welcome in 2020, let's take a minute to imagine what our country could look like—what our own lives could look like—in a better future.
As we look ahead to 2020, let's imagine what our country could look like on the other side of the chaos and ugliness of the past three years. That future is possible when we believe in ourselves and in each other—and when we have the courage to fight for it. Happy New Year! 
Juliette chipped in to help meet our end-of-quarter goal, so I called her to say thanks! If you chip in $3—or whatever you can—before tonight's deadline, I might call you later, too. Dream big, fight hard, and have a safe and happy New Year!  
 Our fight.Our chance.Our movement. 
If I call you on the phone, just call me Elizabeth! I called Keith to say thanks for contributing to this grassroots campaign. And if you chip in $3 (or whatever you can) before tonight's deadline, I could call you next!  
Thank you, Together, we can root out the corruption in Washington and make our democracy work for everyone. 
Imagine the future America you want to live in. That future is possible—and if we dream big and fight hard, we can build it together. 
I called to thank her for donating to our grassroots campaign and for being a part of We're going to do this—together.Chip in $3 or whatever you can before tonight's deadline, and I could call you soon!  
Woo-hoo! is still sending out a free sticker to anyone who chips in to our campaign—from now until tonight’s FEC deadline. Chip in $1 or more to claim yours now. 
  was asked how she'll build greater economic opportunity in rural America.Here's her answer 👇 
I called Jaylin to say thanks for chipping in to our grassroots campaign and being a part of this fight. Together, we can make big, structural change in 2020. Chip in $3—or whatever you can—and I could call you soon!  
 me: “what are your aspirations?”9 year old: 👀me: “oh aspirations are something you hope for.”9 year old: “Ms. Aya…
There’s still time to enter if you haven’t already! 
 Imagine a world like that. ✨  
Jonathan chipped in $5 to our campaign, so I gave him a call to say thanks! We talked about my plans to root out corruption in Washington and how we can grow our grassroots movement.Chip in whatever you can and I might call you next!  
In the face of hatred, injustice, and oppression, Black Americans throughout our history have never stopped imagining and fighting for a better tomorrow. Black history—American history—has shown us the way to the America of our highest ideals.  
If you can imagine that something better lies on the other side of the chaos and ugliness of the last three years—then you are more than halfway there. The first step is to see it. The next step is to fight for it.  
There are less than 12 hours until our most important FEC deadline, and our fundraising is still behind last quarter’s.I’m counting on grassroots supporters like you to help close the gap. Will you contribute $3 now to help meet our $20 million goal? 
Our achievements and victories were not born of fear. They were born of boldness and big dreams.  
 Stay strong out there, Isabella. I know that together, we can elect another wave of progressive women up and down the ballot in 2020 and beyond. Let’s do this!
Our best moments as a country have been when we see a challenge clearly and we mobilize to meet it head on.Fighting back is an act of patriotism.  
Trump’s reckless decisions to walk away from the Iran Deal and now to launch airstrikes in Iraq without Iraqi government consent have brought us closer to war and endangered U.S. troops and diplomats. We should end the forever wars, not start new ones.
Let us begin tomorrow committed to dream big, fight hard, and win. Happy New Year! 
I believe that when future generations of Americans look back on this time, they will celebrate us for choosing hope over fear. I believe they will see that we fought to build an America of our best values—an America that works for everyone. 
2020 is our fight: Our chance to rewrite the rules of power in our country. Our chance to come together despite our differences and mobilize a movement for change. 
We know that the America we imagine together is possible when Americans believe in ourselves and in each other—and when we have the courage to fight for it. 
But we know in our hearts that power in America can rest with the people. We can and we must have an economy and a democracy that finally works for everyone. 
Those with power dump an endless avalanche of excuses, misdirections, and distractions on the American people. It’s all designed to get us to give up and resign ourselves to the way things are—with them in power and everyone else left behind. 
We begin this fight with a hard truth: No one who has power in Washington is going to give it up easily. 
If you can imagine all this—if you can imagine that something better lies on the other side of the chaos and ugliness of the last three years—then you are more than halfway there. The first step is to see it. The next step is to fight for it. 
Imagine an America where no matter the color of your skin, who you love, how you worship, where you were born, or what zip code you live in, you are safe and your opportunities look pretty much like everyone else’s. 
Imagine an America where the lived experience of women is reflected in committee rooms and corner offices, and yes, even at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. 
Imagine an America where more women—women of color, LGBTQ+ women, women with diverse backgrounds—have more power to make the right decisions for our country. 
Imagine what’s possible when poor communities and communities of color are no longer dumping grounds for toxic wastes and polluting industries. 
While the survival of every living thing on this planet hangs in the balance, while fossil fuel companies still call the shots in Washington, imagine an America that has come together to beat back the climate crisis and embrace a  
Imagine an America where monthly social security checks are big enough to cover the bills and leave a little extra for home repairs or an occasional meal out—or maybe birthday presents for the grandchildren. 
Imagine an America where black maternal health is a priority. Imagine an America where, if you get really sick, you can concentrate on getting well—and not worry about bankruptcy. 
Imagine an America where  ensures health care is a basic human right. Imagine an America where you could get your prescriptions filled, without worrying about the cost. 
Imagine fleeing violence and oppression and finding an America that matches our best values every day and welcomes asylum seekers and refugees with care and compassion. 
Imagine a country where every young adult is treated as so valuable to all of us that technical school, two-year college, or four-year college is tuition-free and ready to welcome every one of them. 
Imagine a country where every child is treated as so valuable to all of us that their education is a top priority. Imagine a country where teachers are deeply respected for the work they do—and paid accordingly. 
If you were no longer stretched to make ends meet, who would you be? A coach? A volunteer? A parent? And if you could make these changes, what opportunities would it open up, for you? For your children? For your grandchildren? 
If you were no longer paying half your income in rent, what could you do? Pay off your credit cards? Put money in a savings account? Get a dog? (That idea came from Bailey—but think about it.) 
If you were no longer tied to your job in order to pay off student loan debt, where would you go? Try a different job? Move back to your hometown? Start your own business? 
Imagine how you could thrive if America was safe for everyone. If you lived in a community without fear—without fear of oppression, of violence, of anti-semitism, white supremacy, and police brutality—how would you live your life? 
Imagine what our country could mean for you. Imagine who you could be if America worked for everyone. 
My determination to lead a movement has been forged by the tens of thousands of people who have said they are ready to fight for the country they know we can be. 
My will to fight has been strengthened by the people who have whispered their dreams into my ear. 
My plans for this country have been influenced by letters pressed into my palm by little girls. 
One year into this campaign, you’ve never found me behind closed doors with corporate executives or spending hours on the phone sucking up to rich donors to fund my campaign. 
Over the past year I’ve had the chance to shake hands or hug nearly 100,000 people in more than 180 town halls across the country. We have many differences—but we are ready to fight side-by-side for our common aspirations. 
Exactly a year ago today, I got in the race for president. And I made the decision to run a campaign straight from the heart. I am deeply grateful that so many of you have put your full hearts into this campaign, as well. 
On day one, we will start to make big, structural change to end the rigged economy and to create a new set of rules—rules that give everyone a chance to succeed. 
On day one, we will start to make big, structural change to put the people in charge of our democracy—so we hear everyone’s voice and count everyone’s vote. 
When I am president, we will attack corruption in Washington head-on. We will attack the concentration of power that makes this government work great for the wealthy and well-connected, and not for much of anyone else. 
We come together to imagine this reality because this reality is now within our reach. 
Imagine a country where no politician has to kiss the rings of the rich in order to win elected office. 
Imagine a country where big drug companies and the insurance industry don’t stand between Americans and the basic health care they need. 
Imagine a country where the NRA and gun industry don’t get to put their own profits above the safety of our children. 
Imagine a country where private prisons and detention centers don’t exist and no one makes a profit from locking people up. 
Imagine a country where the fossil fuel industry doesn’t have a grip on our planet. 
Imagine a country where the decisions made in Washington aren’t simply bought and paid for by lobbyists and big donors. 
Taking the time to see ourselves and our world better than they are today sparks urgency in our hearts and determination in our minds. 
Imagining alone won’t be enough. But imagination is powerful. It forces us to contemplate change in our lives; to begin to expect change. 
So, just for a moment, here on the eve of a new year, let us come together to imagine. Imagine what our country will look like—imagine what your own life will look like—when we finally turn this page in our history. 
Our greatest achievements were not born of fear. They were born of boldness and big dreams—of our unique ability to imagine a better world so clearly and thoroughly that we fought for it with everything we had, and turned things we could only imagine into reality. 
We became the world’s leading industrial producer and simultaneously gave workers the right to join unions and live decent lives. We created breakthroughs in science and technology and connected the world through the internet. We rocketed to the moon. 
Americans do big things. That’s who we are. And our best moments as a country have been when we see a challenge clearly and we mobilize to meet it head-on. 
We are a nation that fights back. Fighting back is an act of patriotism. 
As we turn the page tomorrow—into an election year and a new decade—there is a chill of fear in the air. People are afraid, and the danger they feel is real. Our democracy hangs in the balance. And now it comes to us—now it comes to us to fight back. 
House Democrats upheld their sworn duty and impeached the president. Soon, I will return to the Senate to do mine as well. But unless some Senate Republicans choose truth over politics, Donald Trump will be emboldened to try to cheat his way through another election. 
In the past 12 months, the president has become bolder with his lies and law-breaking. He tried to squeeze a foreign government to advance his own personal fortunes. Meanwhile, Republicans in Congress have turned into fawning, spineless defenders of his crimes. 
In a few hours, the dawn of a new year will break over America, offering us a moment for pause and reflection. It is normally a moment for optimism. But let’s face it—this year in America has been anything but normal. 
A year ago today, we launched this campaign for big, structural change. In just a few minutes, I'll be speaking live about the optimism I'll be carrying into 2020.  
It's been a year since we launched our campaign and our fight to protect the promise of America—and since then, our fight has only become more important. In 2020, we will dream big, fight hard, and win. 
Everyone should be free to worship and celebrate without fear. We have to stand up and fight against hate, bigotry, and anti-Semitic violence—and in a Warren administration, we'll use every tool we have to defeat it.
Call time is a chance for me to talk with grassroots donors and listen to their stories—regardless of how much they were able to give to our campaign.I’m making more calls tomorrow! Will you chip in $3 now to help reach our end-of-quarter goal?  
This Tuesday at 11 AM ET, I'll be speaking in Boston on the one-year anniversary of launching this campaign. Bookmark this page now to watch the speech live tomorrow!  
We shouldn't have to live like this. In 2020, we have to fight to put an end to the daily toll of gun violence that is devastating our communities—including mass shootings. 
Climate change. Gun violence. Health care. We have a lot of good ideas for how to fix these issues, and the majority of Americans are with us. And yet we don't make change. Why? Corruption, pure and simple. We've got to root it out—and I've got plans for that.
Here's my advice to young women on running for office: Fight from the heart. That's how you'll be strong, and that’s how you’ll persuade others to join you. 
Working families in Des Moines and across the country deserve a fighting chance. That’s why I have a lot of plans—from increasing Social Security benefits to canceling student loan debt—that will help rebuild our middle class and put power in the hands of the people. 
 I’m sorry I missed you—but thank you for being in this fight!
It's also time to ensure our government works for all of us, not just the wealthy and well-connected. I'll end lobbying as we know it—and I'll shut the revolving door between Wall Street and Washington. 
My Real Corporate Profits Tax ensures that very large and profitable companies pay taxes on their reported profits—no loopholes or exemptions. And I'll make it harder for companies to hide their profits in offshore tax havens. 
Too many corporations are cashing in on all the benefits of America while skipping out on the bill. Companies that make massive profits shouldn't be paying less in federal income taxes than working families. It's time for them to pay their fair share—and I've got plans for that.
Trump is the most corrupt president in history, and here’s the latest example of how that corruption helps giant corporations at the expense of small businesses and working families. 
It’s been a really great year! 
Rich people may have a whole lot more of a lot of things. But that doesn’t mean they should own a bigger piece of our democracy. 
Fred doesn’t usually answer unknown numbers, but Bruce and I are glad he picked up today! Chip in $3 now and I could call you soon, too!  
The FEC deadline is in two days—and my campaign is running short of our $20 million goal.If enough people on Twitter pitch in tonight, we can close the gap and get back on track. Will you chip in $3 now? We can only make this deadline together. 
My heart is with Rep. John Lewis and his family. He’s always been a fighter, and I know he'll continue making good trouble. Stay strong, John. 
The richest Americans with the biggest fortunes keep getting richer, and the wealth gap just gets wider and wider. We need a  to level the playing field and fund opportunity—to ensure every family has a chance to succeed. 
 That’s what I like to hear! I can’t wait to meet Tabi today.
2020 is our chance to dream big, fight hard—and win. 
I'm heartsick for the victims of this horrific attack. This is unfortunately just the latest of a series of anti-Semitic attacks in New York and New Jersey. We must fight anti-Semitism and make clear that hateful bigotry has no place in our society. 
 and I look forward to meeting you soon! 
He’s on vacation, but Logan from Maine still picked up the phone when I called to thank him for being a donor! Logan chipped in $3—and that $3 makes a difference as we work to close our fundraising gap before the FEC deadline.Will you chip in $3, too?  
Moniqua, a small business owner in Georgia, chipped in $20 to our campaign—so I just gave her a call to say thanks! This is how I like to spend call time: On the phone with grassroots donors who make it happen. Chip in $3 now and I could call you soon:  
Whenever I meet a little girl, I say: “I’m running for president, because that’s what girls do." And then we make a pinky promise so they’ll remember. 
I spend my time thanking grassroots donors, because grassroots donors make growing our campaign possible—and I’ll be calling folks all weekend!
I was grateful to spend time with Rosa yesterday and talk with her about child care workers’ rights. My plans will increase wages for child care workers and make it easier to form a union. 
I don’t spend my time at fancy fundraisers asking wealthy donors for donations. With 37 days until the  I’m spending my time with the people.Today, I’m thanking grassroots donors for chipping into our campaign. Chip in $3 now—and I could call! 
I’m so grateful to have on Zach is a fighter for progressive values and working families, and together we’ll keep dreaming big and fighting hard in Iowa. 
Climate change is an existential threat—and we're running out of time.In 2020, we need to elect a president who will fight this crisis. I'll fight to root out the corruption in Washington, pass a  and create millions of green jobs. 
I wouldn’t ask if it weren’t important: Will you chip in $3 now to help hit our campaign’s end-of-quarter fundraising goal?This is a critical time to invest in Iowa and other states before voting and caucusing start, and we can only do it together! 
 It's time for the ultra-rich to pay their fair share in taxes.If you agree, chip in any amount today to help reach our en…
As a working mom, I went through one child care arrangement after another. I felt like a failure until my Aunt Bee stepped in to help.Let’s be clear: My plan for  will make high-quality child care free for millions of families and affordable for everyone. 
  Weekends are upon us! We kick off Jan 10-12 all over the country. Add your city, plan an event or join us in…
We need to call out white supremacy for what it is: Domestic terrorism. In a Warren administration, we will use the Justice Department to end its rise.
 26 million children are left out of Trump's child tax credit. These 26 million kids are the ones who need it the most,…
 Thank you, Bryan, I’m really grateful. We’re in this fight together!
When working people fight, working people win. Let’s do this, 
This election isn’t about whether or not we start a fight. We’re already in a fight. This is about how we win.
A small group of the wealthiest families gobbled up a massive amount of wealth, while the middle class was hollowed out. This wasn't an accident.Here's how my  will level the playing field. 
Families should be able to get an education without being drowned in debt. They should be able to go to work without child care costs eating up their paychecks. They should be able to get the health care they need without risking bankruptcy.We need big, structural change.
Keep your phone nearby!This weekend, I’ll be calling grassroots donors to thank them for chipping in to our campaign. Will you pitch in $3 tonight? I hope we’ll talk soon. 
We're closing out the decade with a widening wealth gap and millions of families drowning in debt due to the costs of health care and higher education. In 2020, let's fight for big, structural change to build an economy that works for everyone. 
If you make it big—and I mean really big, top one‑tenth of one percent big—pitch in a few cents so everyone else gets a chance to make it, too. It’s really that simple.
Someone had a bit too much Christmas dinner! 
Like I said at the debate, my  will boost our economy. And top economists agree with me. 
The best way to grow the economy isn't by giving more money to billionaires and corporations already sitting on piles of money, but by helping working families struggling with the costs of health care, child care, housing, and education.  
Bruce and I are wishing a very happy Kwanzaa to everyone celebrating this week!
One year ago today, Felipe Gómez Alonzo died in CBP custody. He was just eight years old.This Christmas, I'm heartsick for all of the families who won't be celebrating together today because of the Trump administration's cruel treatment of immigrants and asylum-seekers.
From our family to yours: Have a very merry Christmas! 
Bailey wishes you a very Merry Christmas! 
Imagine: Your parents go through all that effort to dress you in your holiday best, take you to see Santa, and all they get is a mildly terrified photo! (I figured it out eventually.) 
I stand with Amazon's workers, who are doing back-breaking work this holiday season. Everyone deserves time to spend with their families. And I know that when workers fight together, they can win. 
I never thought I’d be back in my high school gym, running for president of the United States. But you know, you don’t get what you don’t fight for. 
These are difficult times, and yet my heart is filled with hope. It’s because of the people I meet at town halls in Cedar Rapids and all across the country: They're struggling, they've got challenges, but they still believe in a better America—and they're willing to fight for it. 
Our government is working great for the wealthy and well-connected at the expense of everyone else. I’m fighting for big, structural change to make sure it works for families in North Liberty, Iowa, and working families across the country. 
Our big FEC deadline is approaching—and tonight, my team will send me a list of new donors so I can check if we’re on track. If you haven’t donated to our campaign before, will you chip in $3? We’re in this fight together. 
Dennis Muilenburg pressured regulators and put profits ahead of the safety of passengers, pilots, and flight attendants. His firing is welcome news—and long overdue. 
We had our Oklahoma City town hall at my former high school—where my high school debate trophy is still on display! Public school made me, and that debate team gave me so many incredible opportunities. I believe in our public schools, and that's why I'm fighting for them. 
I never thought I'd be back in my high school—this time as a candidate for president of the United States. But you don't get what you don't fight for! 
By the time I graduated high school, my folks couldn't even afford a college application—much less four years of college. High school debate gave me amazing opportunities, and it was great to meet Oklahoma’s state champions! 
Oklahoma, it was good to be home! 
In Ottumwa, Iowa, I talked about how a free press is a powerfully important part of any democracy. My administration will fight to protect journalists and the First Amendment. 
We won’t make any progress on any of the issues we care about until we root out corruption in Washington—and I’ve got a plan for that. 
Real freedom isn’t letting big corporations prevent workers from taking a better job.  Real freedom is a government ban on non-compete clauses so workers can choose the job that’s best for them.
Our country's top turkey companies are getting sued for allegedly conspiring to raise prices. Each of the four major meat industries are now under investigation for price-fixing and collusion. Enough. It’s time to enforce our antitrust laws against Big Ag. 
It's great to be back in Oklahoma! Tune in now for a live look at our Oklahoma City town hall. 
We need to use every tool we have to combat voter suppression. I'll fight to defend our right to vote and build the grassroots movement to win in 2020. 
Targeting families trying to reunite with their children is despicable and cruel. Stephen Miller, Donald Trump, and his administration are willing to go to any lengths to harm vulnerable families—and we’ll fight to hold them accountable. 
Bruce and I are wishing a happy Hanukkah to everyone celebrating the Festival of Lights this week. Chag Sameach!
How do we change the perception of a president as a man with a tie? By electing a woman president. 
When John F. Kennedy said we would send a man to the moon in under a decade, people said it'd be impossible. But American ingenuity rose to meet the challenge. Today, we face a new challenge—climate change. And American ingenuity can rise again to meet it.  
We need a candidate for president who can draw the sharpest distinction with the corruption of the Trump administration. We need to show that we're willing to fight, not just for the wealthy and well-connected, but for everyone else. That’s why I’m in this fight. 
The way I see it, this election is about who our government is going to work for—the wealthy and the well-connected, or working families like the ones I met in Burlington, Iowa?I know which side I'm on. I'm fighting so that our government and our economy work for everyone. 
America has a long and proud history of rising to the challenges that have faced this country—and defeating the climate crisis is no exception. 
Let’s be clear: Dreamers are  despite the Trump administration’s cruelty. From showing up for the  DACA hearings, to my plan to protect immigrants, our campaign stands with Dreamers all the way. 
I don't do fancy fundraisers with millionaires and billionaires. Instead, I spend my time grabbing a beer (and an iced tea!) with donors like Mike and Linda, who chipped in a few dollars to my campaign, because I think grassroots donors should be deciding the Democratic nominee. 
In some states, creating a shell company to hide your identity is easier than getting a library card. It's time to tackle the global flow of dark money—and I've got a plan for that.  
I grew up on the ragged edge of the middle class. My daddy's heart attack nearly sent us hurtling over a financial cliff.I'm fighting so that our government and our economy works for working families like mine, so they can weather whatever comes their way. 
Hateful, bigoted language has violent consequences, and we've seen that in the surge of hate crimes since 2016. I'm heartsick for this teenager and her family, and I’m sending all my thoughts for a speedy recovery. 
Another Black trans woman, Yahira Nesby, was killed. This epidemic keeps growing, and we need to use every tool we have to end it. 
Atatiana Jefferson should still be alive—but hopefully now she and her family can have some justice. Now it's on us to fight for real reform, including federal standards for the use of force. 
The Trump administration is trying to throw up every barrier they can to make it harder for people to get the care they need. We have to fight back—and we need to elect a president who will protect the right to an abortion. 
Families are struggling. They're working hard—even working multiple jobs—and yet sometimes they're just barely scraping by. It's time to make sure our economy is working for working people—in Keokuk, Iowa, and across the country. 
 Oh, man, do I love these Green Victory Bonds proposed in new Green Jobs Plan. Great organizing opportunity for gras…
What would it mean to your family if we canceled student loan debt? Raised the minimum wage to $15 an hour? If your Social Security benefits increased $200 a month?I hear those stories from families in Fort Madison and all across the country—and I'm fighting so they can thrive. 
For decades, the horrors of the  have been covered up—but they must never be forgotten. I hope these discoveries will bring some healing to Tulsa and the remaining families of the victims. 
 BREAKING: Hot on the heels of  just released her latest  plan to:👩🏽‍🏭create 10.6 milli…
 I spoke with Black moms in Iowa who shared some terrifying stories about the racism they experienced from doctors and nurses…
 We’re going to do this—together!
 Thank you I’m so grateful to have you on
If we want to make big, structural change, then we need to build a grassroots movement to fight for it. are building a team of top notch organizers through If you're ready to join the fight, send in your application:  
I make pinky promises with all the girls I meet on the campaign trail so that they'll remember that running for president is what girls do. No matter what issue they care about—their schools, the environment, gun violence—if we fight together, from the heart, we can win. 
Efforts to silence are deeply troubling. The U.S. and India have an important partnership—but our partnership can only succeed if it is rooted in honest dialogue and shared respect for religious pluralism, democracy, and human rights. 
The  isn't just an agenda for reducing carbon emissions and defeating the climate crisis—it's an opportunity to transform our economy and create millions of good, new jobs. American ingenuity can rise to meet this challenge.
The transition to clean energy is an opportunity to transform our economy, creating new industries and greatly expanding others. My administration will create new financing tools to unlock investments to tackle climate change, including a Green Bank and Green Victory Bonds.
As part of my 100% Clean Energy Plan, I'll take action to achieve zero-carbon pollution from all new buildings, and improve the energy efficiency of existing buildings. This will create over 970,000 new jobs.
America’s water infrastructure is crumbling, leaving us vulnerable to climate crises and putting our drinking water at risk. My administration will protect Americans by rebuilding our nation's water infrastructure—and creating about 190,000 good, union jobs.
Transportation is one of the largest sources of U.S. carbon pollution. As we rebuild our crumbling transportation infrastructure, we can create a transportation system powered by electricity rather than fossil fuels, build in climate resiliency, and create about 2.6 million jobs.
The clean energy sector is rapidly expanding—and as part of my 100% Clean Energy Plan, my administration will focus on rebuilding and repowering our energy grid, creating 6.8 million good jobs, while cutting carbon pollution.
To develop the green workforce of the future, we'll invest in expanding job training, and we'll make sure no worker is left behind as we transition to a clean economy. My administration will work hand-in-hand with unions to ensure these jobs have good wages and strong benefits.
I mean it when I say that defeating the climate crisis will be a top priority in my administration. My plans will enact a climate change agenda that not only reduces our carbon emissions, but also jumpstarts our economy and creates millions of new jobs.
When faced with seemingly impossible challenges, American ingenuity has risen to meet them. We can do it again and defeat the climate crisis. The  is an opportunity to invest in a green economy and create 10.6 million new jobs. 
I’m grateful down to my toes for everyone who tuned into the  for everyone who pitches in to keep our campaign growing.Will you join us? 
We made the decision many years ago that rich people in smoke-filled rooms wouldn’t pick the next president of the U.S.People need to believe you're going to stand up to the wealthy and well-connected when you're president—and I intend to keep my promise to the American people. 
It’s a very special  when I get to have so much of my family here with me. 
I’m not working for millionaires and billionaires. I'm here to work for the tens of millions of people across this country who are ready to build an America that doesn’t work just for those at the top—but for everyone. 
 We need a president who will  and fight to protect the transgender community and all LGBTQ+ Americans.
I am not working for millionaires and billionaires. I'm here to work for the tens of millions of people across this country who are ready to build an America that won't just work for those at the top—but that will work for everyone.  
  was a special education teacher, and she's got a plan to fully fund IDEA so every child with disabilities will ge…
 The student loan debt crisis disproportionately affects people of color. We need big, structural change to end this crisis—…
 How would your life be transformed if you weren't being crushed by student loan debt? is fighting for universal fr…
The transgender community has been marginalized in every way possible—and the president can lift up attention, lift up their voices, lift up their lives. I will do everything I can to make sure we are an America that leaves no one behind.  
I just stepped off the  stage feeling inspired and determined. And I just heard from our team—we’re close to reaching our goal of 1 million grassroots donors.Will you chip in $3 now to help our campaign get there? 
America is ready for a  supported by Republicans, Democrats, and independents.America is ready to expand Social Security payments.America is ready for a president who won't work for those at the top, but who will work for everyone. 
Of my three brothers, one’s a Democrat and two are Republicans. But you know what unites them? They’re furious that Amazon reported record profits and paid $0 in taxes. Americans are ready to root out corruption and fight back. 
I want billionaires to pay enough to cover tuition for all of our kids—because that's how we build a future.  
I just got off the  stage, where I talked about the big, structural change we're going to make in 2020. Now, time to take some selfies! 
I met a man last week in Nevada, who said that he has to stretch his one prescription for diabetes between his family. If we get a majority in the House, the Senate, ; win the White House, we can make this country work for people like him. That's why I'm in this fight. 
I just got off the  stage, where I talked about the big, structural change we're going to make in 2020. Now, time to take some selfies! 
Billionaires in wine caves should not pick the next president of the United States. If you can't stand up to the wealthy and well-connected as a candidate, how can the American people believe you’re going to stand up to them when you’re president?  
People that can put down $5,000 to have a picture taken don't have the same priorities as people who are struggling with student loan debt or to pay off medical debt.I won’t let them drown out the voices of everyone else—not in my campaign, not in my White House.  
Here’s a promise: I will go to the Rose Garden every year to read the names of transgender people of color who have been killed.  
 Billionaires in wine caves should not pick the next president of the United States.  
I was a special education teacher. I loved that work, because it was about recognizing the worth of every human being. As president, I will make sure that people with disabilities are treated fairly and paid fairly. That is how we make a better America. 
I’d be the youngest woman ever inaugurated.  
We need to invest in our future, and the best way to do that is by investing in public education. My  gives us enough to pay for  free public college, put a $50 billion investment in our HBCUs, cancel student loan debt, and more. 
We have to be an America that understands the difference between our allies and the dictators who would do us harm. And we need to treat our allies better than we treat the dictators. That needs to be our job as America.  
 “I’d also be the youngest woman ever inaugurated.”  💥  
 The biggest climate problem we face is corruption in Washington. If we want to defeat the climate crisis, we need to root o…
Billionaires in wine caves should not pick the next president of the United States. 
America understands that we've got to make change and that we're running out of time—that climate change threatens every living thing on this planet. But if we don't attack corruption head-on, we're not going to be able to make the changes we need.  
How do I answer economists who say a  would stifle growth and investment? I say they’re just wrong.  
 Here's the truth—a  will help uplift millions of families and jumpstart our economy. is going to build a…
We must be an America that understands the difference between our allies and dictators who would do us harm. And we must treat our allies better than we treat dictators. Together, we can build a world that’s environmentally and economically sustainable for everyone. 
 We've got a government that works for the wealthy and well-connected at the expense of everyone else. will fight t…
It’s time to close Guantanamo Bay. It not only costs us money—it’s an international embarrassment. We have to be an America that lives our values every single day. 
We have a government that works great for the wealthy and the well-connected—and for no one else. That is corruption, pure and simple, and we need to call it out for what it is.  
Climate change threatens every living thing on this planet. But if we don’t attack corruption head-on in Washington, we won’t be able to make progress in fighting our climate crisis. 
 We need a candidate for president who can draw the sharpest distinction with the corruption of the Trump administration—and…
With a  on fortunes of $50 million and above, what can we do?✅Universal Child Care✅Early childhood education✅Cancel student loan debt ✅And a whole lot more That’s how we build an economy that works for everyone. 
America’s middle class is being hollowed out—and we need to talk about why that’s happening. When you see a government that works great for the wealthy and well-connected but not for working families, that is corruption plain and simple—and we need to call it out. 
Donald Trump has done everything he can for the wealthy and the well-connected. We need a candidate for president who can draw the sharpest distinction between the corruption of the Trump administration and a Democratic nominee who will root out corruption. 
Everyone in the Senate has taken a constitutional oath to uphold our constitution. That doesn't mean loyalty to an individual. It doesn't mean loyalty to a political party. It means loyalty to our country. 
Will you pitch in a few bucks to our campaign before the  tonight?From my  to my plan to increase Social Security benefits, I know that big, structural change is possible in 2020 if we fight for it together. 
I had a wonderful time with Francisco and Jose—the winners of our contest—today in Los Angeles before the  Thanks for being a part of this fight for big, structural change. 
Thank you to and all of the union stewards who worked so hard for the  staff. I'm proud to have a unionized campaign team! 
Thank you, I'm proud and grateful to have you on 
Educators deserve fair pay and good benefits that allow them to take care of themselves and their families. I stand with and the Decatur teaching assistants—they deserve a  now. 
Congratulations to the airport workers who won their  I'll keep fighting until we raise the minimum wage for all workers across the country. 
 "The world has changed...and it began to change with the Women's March." -  We're not done changing the world.…
The Grassley-Alexander plan would be a gut punch to working families and retirees, and I strongly oppose it. 
We should be fighting to keep teachers in classrooms—not cutting positions and increasing class sizes. I'm standing with the students, parents, and teachers protesting today—I'll always fight for our public schools and teachers. 
John Dingell was a statesman who earned his honors through decades of service, and his memory should be treated with dignity and respect. Bruce and I send our love to who is carrying on his legacy with incredible grace—for Michigan, and for our country.
 Fighting corruption ; corporate power is the central theme of campaign.She’s rolled out a plan to tackle the…
Is America a democracy that is going to be run by the billionaires and giant corporations, or are we going to be a democracy built on a grassroots movement? When it’s money versus the power of a grassroots movement, I'm betting on the people. 
I am proud to have one of the architects of the  in this fight. Together, we can root out the corruption in Washington that's holding up progress and fight to defeat the climate crisis. 
This is deeply concerning. If Comcast wins in their case before the Supreme Court, a key civil rights protection could be rolled back—making it nearly impossible for those facing racial discrimination to be able to hold companies accountable. 
A small group of the wealthiest families has gobbled up a massive amount of wealth, while the middle class has been hollowed out. Here's how the wealth gap was built—and how my  will level the playing field for all families.  
It’s crucial that our campaign keeps growing. So we set a milestone goal for our movement: 1 million grassroots donors. If a few more people on Twitter help today, we can reach our goal. Can I count on you? Chip in any amount and you’ll get a free sticker. 
Black moms are facing a maternal mortality epidemic. One major reason? Racism. It's time to hold health systems accountable. 
Donald Trump has abused our diplomatic relationships and undermined our national security for his own personal, political gain. By voting to impeach him, the House has taken an important step to hold him accountable. I'm ready to fulfill my constitutional duty in the Senate.
 With this op-ed is making it clear that enacting a  would be a top priority of her administration.…
Happy birthday, Bruce and I send our love to you and your family today. 
The Trump administration has abandoned its duty to defend the ACA in court and is cheering on efforts to destroy protections for pre-existing conditions, coverage for kids up to age 26, Medicaid expansion and more. My administration will expand health care, not destroy it. 
The world doesn’t look like it did in 2016. 2020 gives us an extraordinary opportunity to make real, structural change. 
Migrants are our neighbors, our colleagues, and our friends. They make our communities stronger and more diverse. On this  and every day, I'll keep fighting to make sure they are welcomed and celebrated here. 
Shame on the UNC Board of Governors—and the Republican legislators who used a power grab to appoint this radical board. Public funds should be used for students, not paying off Confederate groups.
It’s time for politicians to be honest with the American people about what it will take to defeat the climate crisis, because when Americans decide to go all in on solving a problem, there is nothing we can’t achieve together.  
 This is an extremely impt issue to be focusing on, especially during impeachment week, ; in response to the current admini…
 is ready to fight for the people of Texas, and I'm proud to stand beside her—let's help her win! 
 Big day for us on  - we welcome on this weeks episode ; ask the question, how will you take the White Hous…
 I love it! Happy birthday, Shayna!
Pinkie promises, group hugs, and flying hugs—some of my favorite moments in the selfie line! 
I think the podcast episode that and I recorded together is something really special. I hope you all like it, too!  
Congratulations to New Jersey for taking this important step to improve safety and protect immigrant families! 
I'm grateful to have the support of these Obama campaign alumni and my fellow Obama administration alumni. Their work changed what we know is possible in our politics. Together, we can win in 2020 and build a government that works for everyone. 
 This plan is Putin's worst nightmare. 
I can’t wait to meet you! 
Congratulations to my Campaign Co-Chairs and for joining on the House Oversight Committee! I know Katie, Deb, and Ayanna will fight their hearts out for the rights of working families and consumers.
It's not enough to just beat Donald Trump—we have to root out the corruption that bends our economy and government to work for the wealthy and the well-connected at the expense of everyone else. And I've got plans for that. 
 and are doing incredible work in their communities—and they're doing it with grassroots movements led by the people. That’s how we lead the fight for big, structural change.
 Yes! Exactly right, And working people are the ones to pay, some with their lives. This has to change and the…
The global flow of dark money is a threat to our security, our democracy, and our way of life. It's corruption, plain and simple—and it's time to root it out. 
When workers fight together, workers win! I joined to celebrate their successful fight for the pay, benefits, and job security their members deserve. I look forward to Thursday's  
Donald Trump has spent the last three years retreating further into his own bubble and firing anybody who crosses him. I’m not afraid to call him out. 
I've seen firsthand how our middle class was hollowed out while our government and economy were rigged to work for the wealthy and well-connected. I'm fighting for big, structural change so that families in Fairfield, Iowa, and across the country have the opportunity to succeed. 
 crisis isn't just about a technical failure—it's about how our government is bending over backwards for giant corporations at the expense of everyone else. It's corruption, plain and simple.
Our government is working great for the wealthy and well-connected—but not so much for everyone else. I'm fighting to get our government working for working people, so families like the ones I met in Ottumwa have a fair shot at the American dream. 
Around the world, protestors are rising up against corruption and economic inequality. The United States must stand with them and lead the way to fight financial corruption here at home and around the world.
Financial corruption is a worldwide problem, and my administration will work with our international allies and partners to fight it. We'll expand the technical assistance we offer to our partners. And we'll work together to hold corrupt kleptocrats accountable.
We must overturn Citizens United with a constitutional amendment to end the corruption of our campaigns and elections—but there are also steps we can take now. I'll fight to update campaign finance laws to limit foreign interference and bring dark money into the light.
I’ll work with Congress to enact anti-money laundering reforms and update basic financial integrity requirements. I’ll expand real estate disclosure requirements. I'll strengthen enforcement against financial institutions and clamp down on dark money enablers here in the U.S.
We need a president who will fight back against global financial corruption—and that starts here at home. The United States is at the center of the global financial system and helps to shape international financial rules. We have the leverage to strengthen global transparency.
Rather than fighting for transparency, Donald Trump has spent his career embracing shady deals and exploiting legal loopholes. He’s repeatedly partnered with shady actors on real estate deals that reek of money laundering, corruption, and fraud.
Financial corruption is a threat to our security and our democracy. Illicit networks foster corruption, inequality, and kleptocracy. Dark money bankrolls nuclear proliferation, terrorism, human trafficking, and repressive and hostile regimes.
In some states, creating a shell company to hide your identity is easier than getting a library card. The global flow of dark money is a serious threat—and it's time to root it out. I've got a plan to fight global financial corruption at home and abroad. 
This is good news. But we have a lot of work still to do to fight back against measures that criminalize homelessness and ensure every American has a safe, decent, and affordable place to live. 
I guess calling up billionaires to ask for giant checks is one way to spend time.But I’d rather spend my time with people who aren’t scared of big, structural change. Will you chip in $3 to our campaign now? I might call soon to say thanks. 
I spend my time with grassroots donors like Mike, because I think grassroots donors should be deciding the Democratic nominee. 
You probably paid more federal income taxes in 2018 than companies like Amazon, Chevron, Halliburton, and IBM. That’s corruption—and I’ve got a plan to make giant corporations start paying their fair share.  
When billionaires and giant corporations wanted a tax cut, it took Republicans a few weeks to get it done. Our government isn't gridlocked—it's working great for the wealthy and well-connected at the expense of everyone else. 
Politicians should be competing over how many voters they can persuade, not how many they can keep from voting. We need to fight back against these attempts to undermine our elections and pass reforms that strengthen our democracy.
Mental health care is a human right. I continue to stand with clinicians who are going on strike across California. must ensure patients get the mental health care they need—and mental health care workers deserve the same benefits as other Kaiser workers.
The Trump administration wants to allow federal grantees to discriminate against LGBTQ+ people and other marginalized groups—we need to make our voices heard. Submit a comment to show HHS and Trump that you oppose this rule. 
Families like Belinda’s are struggling. Costs keep going up, and even with three jobs, Belinda can barely support her family. That’s not right. We need a  to level the playing field so that families like hers have the opportunity to succeed. 
The Trump administration must extend the deadline to enroll for health care coverage. Any delay or attempt to keep Americans from enrolling is completely unacceptable.If you are trying to enroll and  is down, call (800) 318-2596. 
 This pint-sized persister was absolutely ready for her pinkie promise with 
 Announcing: Our Year-End  who rally the highest number of unique grassroots don…
I've seen firsthand how our government and our economy have been rigged to work for the wealthy and well-connected. No more. I'm fighting for big, structural change so that every working family in Washington, Iowa, and across the country has a fair shot at the American dream. 
We don’t have time for inaction. The countries of the world must come together to defeat the climate crisis. A Warren administration will fight for climate justice at home and abroad. 
Paychecks are barely budging, but the costs of housing, child care, health care, and education just keep going up. Families in Clinton, Iowa, are working hard—and it's time to make sure they all have opportunities to thrive. 
I've spent my career studying how the middle class was hollowed out. I've seen firsthand how our government and our economy were rigged to work for the wealthy and well-connected. That's why I'm in this fight—for big, structural change. 
We are already seeing the devastating effects of the climate crisis. We must act now so that devastating floods, extreme weather events, and stronger storms won't be our new normal. 
Gig workers deserve fair pay and job protections. I'll fight alongside them to end worker misclassification and protect their rights to unionize. 
Humbled and grateful to hear speak with about why she’s on We’ll fight for the big, bold change we need together! 
Every day, I’m grateful to have leading our team in the fight for big, structural change. I hope you’ll join his call! 
Seven years ago, 20 students and 6 staff were killed at  Elementary School. I’m heartsick for the students and staff we lost that day, and the loved ones who mourn them. We must keep standing up to the NRA and demanding real change to end the gun violence epidemic.
 It was great meeting you and your wife, Damon! I’m deeply grateful to have you in this fight. Let’s keep persisting—together!
Real freedom isn’t living under the thumb of giant corporations. Real freedom isn’t living in debt, one crisis away from disaster. Real freedom isn't watching opportunities snatched up by the rich and powerful.Real freedom comes when everyone has the opportunity to prosper.
Young people today are as hardworking as any generation, but opportunity is collapsing around them.We need big, structural change, so every generation has the opportunity to succeed. 
The families I met in Reno are struggling with the costs of housing, health care, and education—but they're ready to fight for the big, structural change we need so they all have the opportunity to thrive. 
This is how we’re going to win—together! 
 We need a president who will prioritize providing adequate funding for treatment, recovery, and harm reduction services t…
 Thank you The LGBTQ+ community will always have a home in my White House.
Tom Joyner is leaving with an incredible legacy. But even though he's leaving radio, he's still fighting to support his community and help students go to HBCUs. Tom, I'll stand right beside you in this fight! 
 A reminder that plan to cancel student debt will help families broadly, not just younger voters. Student loan d…
 Glad for the support from standing with LMU's workers and not crossing our picket line—even if it mea…
 Senator I couldn’t agree more. Thank you for your support.As I recently said, I’ll continue being a “thorn in t…
I'm so grateful to have on LFG. 
I’m proud to fight shoulder-to-shoulder alongside and for criminal justice reform and an economy that works for everyone! 
One of Trump's appointees who absolved McDonald's of liability for labor law violations worked at a law firm that McDonald’s hired to counter organizing efforts. This is how our government works great for giant corporations at everyone else's expense. 
Politicians are supposed to compete over how many voters they can persuade, not how many they can keep from the polls. My plan to protect and strengthen our democracy will end this racist voter suppression. Enough is enough. 
The details of this memo are horrifying. I'll end the unnecessary detainment of immigrants and enforce strict standards for medical care for anyone in our care. The Trump administration must be held accountable for their negligence and cruelty. 
The people voted to restore voting rights to 1.4 million of their fellow citizens who had been disenfranchised in Florida. We must keep fighting efforts to silence their voices. Thank you for standing up to this injustice and fighting for Floridians! 
 is fighting for better wages and benefits—and I stand with them. The DNC should find a solution that lives up to our party's commitment to fight for working people. I will not cross the union's picket line even if it means missing the debate.
Thank you, I'm so grateful to have you on I promise to fight shoulder-to-shoulder alongside you for equal pay and the bold, structural change our country needs. 
Our problem isn’t big government—our problem is a government that’s been captured by the rich and the powerful. I'm running for president to take on a corrupt system and get our economy working for everyone.
The opioid epidemic is a humanitarian crisis, and we need bold plans to fight it. I've got a plan to ensure that everyone gets the treatment they need—and to fight the greed and corruption that has driven this epidemic. 
We’re weeks away from the first caucuses and primaries. If a few more people on Twitter chip in tonight, we’ll be on track to grow our grassroots movement before voting begins.I’m deeply grateful for any amount you’re able to give. 
I'm proud to be fighting shoulder to shoulder alongside for working families in Chicago and all across the United States! 
I’m proud to have top rating. I promise to keep fighting for racial and economic justice—and to close the racial wealth gap. 
This is an absurd and ridiculous retaliation by ICE. I stand with Their hotline to provide legal aid to detained immigrants should never have been shut down. 
Immigration and law enforcement should be kept separate so that victims and witnesses of crimes feel safe coming forward—combining them only sows distrust and harms public safety. I stand with in their protest today. Immigrants shouldn't fear their local police.
Our government helped create the racial wealth gap—and government should help fix it. This is a moral obligation. 
Some people dismiss any investment in middle-class families as “free stuff.” You know who's getting free stuff? Amazon, which had $10 billion in profits this year and is paying $0 in federal income taxes.Working families are paying their fair share—let’s invest in them. 
Young people today are as hard-working as any generation, but opportunity is collapsing around them. And if they dare question the corrupt system that has put them in this giant hole, the elites responsible for this mess have the gall to call them lazy and entitled.Enough.
I don't sell access to my time. I don't do closed-door fundraisers. And I don't ask for a $1,000 contribution for a selfie. If you want to know about a candidate’s commitment to reform, don’t just look at what they say they will do—look at what they’re doing right now. 
Wall Street executives and billionaires are spending their time and money attacking me—they believe I'm the biggest threat to a corrupt system that has enriched them at everyone else’s expense. They are right. I do have a plan to make real change. 
The thin slice of folks at the top who benefit from our rigged economy push policies that help themselves and push the costs off on everyone else. And they tag any attempt to reform this system as "divisive" and "extreme"—no matter how many Americans agree with it. 
Gloria needs a job with good pay, benefits, and protections for herself and for her son. But Washington isn't on her side—it's on the side of giant corporations. I'm fighting for big, structural change so our government and our economy works for working people like Gloria. 
 In this exclusive op-ed for Shondaland, Elizabeth Warren  explains why America needs a Wealth Tax 
When unions win, all workers win. I'm proudly fighting alongside to protect unions and empower the voices of their members! 
 That’s my Senator topping the list: bold policy✅ fighting for our democracy✅ grassroots power htt…
I decided from the beginning that I was going to run a grassroots campaign. I wasn't going to sell access to my time or make promises to billionaires. Our democracy shouldn't be for sale—and if you agree, I hope you'll join us:  
Cutting Planned Parenthood out of public health programs cuts off patients from the reproductive health care they need. I'll fight to protect and the health services they provide. 
Rising sea levels are already displacing communities.Offshore drilling is putting the health and economies of coastal communities at risk.And communities are facing longer, harsher droughts. We need a  to protect our oceans and fight the climate crisis. 
I’m grateful for Dr. work to make the  a reality. Hope you get a chance to send in your questions for her! 
What a well-deserved honor for Climate change is an existential threat, and Greta has been one of the leading voices in this fight. Now it's on us to hear her warning and fight to defeat the climate crisis. 
I'm heartsick for the victims and their loved ones. We have to fight the rise of anti-Semitic bigotry and violence—and we have to end the gun violence epidemic that makes these attacks so deadly. 
Thank you, I'm committed to fighting for big, structural change, building the grassroots movement that we'll need to get it done, and protecting our democracy. 
Thank you, and I promise to fight for the big, structural change we need so that everyone has the opportunity to succeed—in rural Iowa, and across the country. 
Offshore drilling is putting the health and economies of coastal communities at risk. It's time to transition to 100% clean energy. I'll end all new fossil fuel leases offshore and on public lands—and phase out all existing offshore drilling. 
Some candidates jet off to Manhattan or San Francisco for fancy fundraisers that cost more than $2,000 a ticket.Not me. We’re building our campaign one small-dollar donation at a time—because the presidency shouldn’t be bought. Chip in $3 now to join us. 
America's middle class has been deliberately hollowed out by the rich and powerful—people who rigged the system to work in their favor, while hanging the rest of us out to dry. It's time for a  to ensure that everyone has a chance to succeed. 
 Our oceans are in crisis—but if we protect and restore them, they can be a crucial part of the climate solution.Do you ha…
Héctor Figueroa was a beloved leader for and all working people. It’s only fitting that his legacy live on through the Héctor Figueroa School. 
   would also:✅fast-track American-made, union-built offshore renewable energy while❌stopping all…
Climate change is an existential threat—and our coastal communities are particularly at risk as sea levels rise and storms get stronger and more destructive. The ocean must be a part of the climate solution. That's why I've got a plan for a  
 We need a president who will take bold action to save our planet from the climate crisis. Once again, has a plan…
 and their network do transformative work around housing affordability, fighting climate change, and advocating for economic justice. I'll keep fighting alongside you for the big, structural change our country needs.
I'm heartsick for the family and friends of the victims in Jersey City.Gun violence is terrifying our communities. We shouldn't have to live like this. 
Children are dying in CBP custody due to the flu. Refusing to administer flu vaccines is neglectful and cruel. I'll end the unnecessary detention of children and families—and enforce strict standards for medical care for anyone in our care. 
Facebook is allowing entities to target misleading and false ads about HIV prevention drugs to LGBTQ+ communities and others. This can have serious public health consequences. Facebook needs to put the safety of its users above its own advertising profits. 
71 years ago, Eleanor Roosevelt led the world in adopting the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. On International Human Rights Day, we recommit to an America that advocates for justice, protects the rights of all people, and lives up to its values—at home and abroad.
The future of our planet depends on healthy oceans—and we don’t have time to waste. We need a  to protect and restore our oceans and make them a part of the climate solution. 
Thank you, Dr. Ayana Elizabeth Johnson, I’m so grateful for your work on our  
Targeting Black and Latinx commuters only further erodes the trust between law enforcement and their communities. If we’re serious about criminal justice reform, we must move towards a system that protects its communities instead of preying on them. 
Starting on day one of my presidency, I’ll take bold action to fight climate change. That includes harnessing the power of our oceans to be a key part of our solution to the climate crisis. The future of our planet depends on healthy oceans—and we don’t have time to waste.
Finally, we must mitigate the damage that has already been done as a result of climate change—and prepare for sea level rise, droughts, and extreme weather events. Disaster assistance must be distributed equitably, and we must ensure that everyone gets the help they need.
On day one of my presidency, I'll end all new fossil fuel leases offshore and on public lands—and phase out all existing offshore drilling. I'm committed to leaving no worker behind as we transition to clean energy, and will focus on transitioning workers to offshore wind energy.
I’ll work to reduce marine plastic pollution and ocean trash. And I'll hold Big Ag accountable for polluting our oceans and waterways, which has exacerbated toxic algal blooms, harmed marine life, and contaminated our drinking water.
Coastal and marine habitats are our best natural defense system in the fight against climate change, storing more carbon than tropical forests and acting as cheaper and more effective sea walls. My administration will restore marine ecosystems and expand marine protected areas.
As we transition our economy to 100% clean energy, my administration will prioritize offshore renewable energy. I'll fight to fully restore America's fish stocks—supporting up to 500k additional jobs—and invest in regenerative ocean farming that will help fight climate change.
Climate change has pushed our oceans to the brink. By restoring our oceans and rebuilding our blue economy, we can create good, high-paying union jobs, protect a crucial source of food, and fight climate change.
We need a  to fight the climate crisis—and we need a  to protect and restore our oceans so they are a part of our climate solution, and so we can rebuild our blue economy. Read my plan for a  
I called Madeline, a grassroots donor who is studying to be a high school Social Studies teacher! We talked about the role of big money in our elections—and how my  can ensure that every kid gets a high-quality public education. 
Last night's town hall in Charleston, South Carolina, was something special. This is how we're going to win—together. 
Donald Trump's anti-Semitic comments aren't just repugnant—they're dangerous. People with hateful ideologies feel empowered by him, and we see the consequences in the surge of anti-Semitic incidents following his election. We must fight the bigotry he promotes and enables. 
Senate Republicans stole a Supreme Court seat to cement an anti-choice majority on the Court—and we’re seeing the consequences. We need new federal laws and oversight to protect abortion rights no matter what the Court does, and I've got a plan for that. 
I'm going to fight to ensure that everyone gets the full health coverage they need, including mental health care, under  But people like Olivia will make all the difference to ending the stigma around mental illness—and I'll be fighting alongside them. 
Marvin Miller revolutionized baseball by leading the players’ union and helping players gain crucial rights. His recognition by the Baseball Hall of Fame is long overdue! 
From New Hampshire to Iowa, South Carolina, Nevada, and beyond—we're building a grassroots movement for big, structural change together. 
Paul Volcker fought to rein in Wall Street banks making risky financial bets, and we sat together as the Volcker Rule was signed into law as part of Dodd-Frank. My heart goes out to his friends and family. 
No working strategy—and no transparency. The war in Afghanistan is the longest armed conflict in U.S. history, costing the lives of thousands of U.S. service members and Afghan civilians. It’s time to bring our troops home. 
I promise to fight for your family as hard as I fight for mine. That's the promise I've made in Rye and across the country. 
I'm not afraid to stand up to billionaires and corrupt politicians to fight for the big, structural change we need. 
Corruption has put our planet at risk, broken our economy, and is breaking our democracy. It's time to root it out—and I've got a plan for that. 
Our economy is working great for the wealthy and well-connected—but not so great for everyone else. I promised Henniker, New Hampshire, that I’ll keep fighting for the big, structural change we need. 
I hope Amelia and her two golden retrievers can meet me and Bailey at the White House! 
Venezuelans are fleeing persecution only to wind up detained under Trump's cruel immigration policies. My administration will not turn its back on those seeking freedom from violent dictatorships. Venezuelan asylum-seekers deserve parole and TPS now. 
 is a powerfully important group of Black women and gender non-conforming people fighting for real change in 2020. I’m deeply grateful to have their endorsement—and to be in this fight with them. 
What would a  mean for the folks I met in Peterborough?It would mean they could send their kids to high-quality child care, good public schools, and free public college—and be free of student loan debt.That's the big, structural change I'm fighting for. 
$39 million to spend on advertising—and no time for voters in Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, or South Carolina. Our democracy shouldn't be for sale. If it’s a fight between money and the power of a grassroots movement, I'm betting on the people. 
We must end the unnecessary detainment and inhumane treatment of asylum-seekers and immigrants at our borders. I've got a plan to build a fair, humane immigration system that reflects our values. 
Jakelin Amei Rosmery Caal Maquin died one year ago today, just days after her seventh birthday. Jakelin and her family came to the U.S. seeking safety and a better life. Instead, she died because of the Trump administration's cruelty and neglect.
The United States doesn't become stronger by weakening our allies. But that's exactly what Trump has done, repeatedly and deliberately. The next president will need to repair our relationships and rebuild our State Department—and I've got a plan for that. 
Nobody in this country got rich on their own—and that includes Jeff Bezos and Mike Bloomberg. If you made it to the top, good for you. But you should pitch in your fair share so that everyone else has a chance to make it. We need a  
As president, I’ll fight for your family as hard as I fight for mine. That’s a promise. 
Congressman Berkley Bedell always fought hard for the people of Iowa. My thoughts are with his family, friends, and loved ones—and with every person his transformational leadership touched or inspired. 
As the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi shows, a free press poses a powerful threat to authoritarian regimes like Saudi Arabia. We should protect the work of journalists. That’s why Donald Trump’s attacks on our press are so troubling—he’s trying to undermine our democracy. 
 Throwback to when joined in Atlanta last month. The story of Black women’s persistence is the story o…
 is right. Drug prices are crushing American families. A bill to fix this shouldn’t work for only some drugs or some people—it should help everyone afford lifesaving treatments. 
I’m grateful down to my toes to be in this fight alongside Thank you, Benny! Looking forward to fighting for big, structural change in South Carolina with you. 
Giant corporations trying to maximize their profits are squeezing working families to the breaking point.My Fair Workweek plan will help shift power back to part-time workers so they can control their time and build a future for their families.  
Washington is working great for oil companies and giant polluters—just not for the communities on the front lines suffering from the devastating effects of climate change. If we want to win a  and defeat climate change, we need to root out corruption in Washington.
Hearing assistance devices should be available for anyone who needs one—and my Over-the-Counter Hearing Aid Act will help bring down costs and make some hearing aids  available over the counter. 
Uber's safety investigators are reportedly more concerned about protecting their company from liability than protecting passengers and drivers. Misclassifying their employees as contractors is just another way to avoid responsibility. Uber must be held accountable. 
The rich and powerful want us to believe the racist lie that more for your neighbors means less for you. Donald Trump has used this lie to divide us and pit us against each other for his own political gain. But the truth is that we can only move forward together. 
Uh huh. I'll put any promise Donald Trump makes about student loans right next to his broken promises about protecting people with pre-existing conditions, making no cuts to Medicaid, cutting middle class taxes, protecting the rights of LGBTQ+ Americans... 
New Hampshire state workers deserve fair pay—and an independent fact-finder agreed. I stand with It's time for Governor Chris Sununu to stop shortchanging workers and give them the fair compensation they deserve.
  for a  for our planet, and for our future. 
 Thank you for standing with the  movement We must take on the fossil fuel lobbyists and executiv…
Freedom of the press is one of the most important values in our country. A reporter’s coverage of candidates for the highest office shouldn’t be determined by one of the candidates controlling their paychecks. 
We have to defeat climate change now—or kids like Eleanor will be living with the consequences for the rest of their lives. We'll start by rooting out the corruption in Washington that's giving Big Oil a free pass to poison our communities. 
Running for president shouldn't be a passion project for bored billionaires. Our democracy should not be for sale. I'll make sure we keep talking about the issues that matter to all families, and I'll keep building a grassroots movement to fight for big, structural change.
Others have said it before me: "If you don't have a seat at the table, you're probably on the menu." I’m looking forward to continuing to fight alongside and who are advancing an agenda that will transform the lives of people of all genders.
 is a leading advocate for reproductive rights—and I'll fight alongside her to enact her proposal requiring federal preclearance when state and local governments with a history of violating Roe v. Wade try to restrict reproductive rights. 
 is a leading advocate for national paid leave—and I’ll fight alongside her to enact her plan to make paid family and medical leave available to all workers. 
We've seen a record number of women in this primary. That has meant that together, we've been able to shape the national conversation to highlight issues impacting people in America. But as billionaires buy their way into the race, some of my colleagues have been pushed out.
It's not just about having a job—it's about having a good job with fair pay, benefits, and that treats its workers with dignity. I've got plans to raise the minimum wage, empower unions, and help workers control their schedules so they can build a future. 
We need a  We need to build a new green economy with millions of good jobs. And we need to root out the corruption in Washington that’s holding up every effort to fight the climate crisis. I stand with everyone on  today. 
Children are dying because of the Trump administration's cruelty, racism, and neglect. The Trump administration must be held accountable—and we must fight to build a humane immigration system. 
Pearl Harbor. Pensacola. Not even our military bases are safe from gun violence. I'm heartsick for the victims and their families. We must end this epidemic and protect the lives of our service members. 
Dream Big.Fight Hard.And together, we can win! 
From corruption, to the Electoral College, to Baby Yoda, I'm ready for any question throws my way! 
Trump isn't ending needless forever wars—he's only expanding them while keeping Americans in the dark. It's time to responsibly bring our troops home. 
Big companies rake in giant profits while squeezing working families to the breaking point. My Fair Workweek plan will help shift power back to America's 27 million part-time workers so they can support themselves and their families.  
 Grateful down to my toes! We’re going to do this—together.
 Aw! So sorry to have missed your sister, but glad I could bring a little joy.
Today, I’m making calls to thank grassroots donors. Pitch in to our campaign now—and I might give you a call soon to say thanks! 
Donald Trump will keep committing crimes and undermining our diplomatic relationships and national security unless we hold him accountable. I was the first candidate to call for impeachment—it's long past time to hold Donald Trump accountable. 
Yesterday on I talked about how we’re running this campaign by people pitching in $20 here and $5 there. No fancy fundraisers, PACs, or giant corporations.Chip in any amount, and I could call you today to say thanks! 
The devastating impacts of climate change in Puerto Rico have been made worse by decades of neglect and racism. Justice must be at the center of our response to the climate crisis and that's why I will invest $1 trillion in vulnerable communities. 
Giant corporations have too much power—and they’re pushing working families to the breaking point. It's time to make big, structural change to build an economy that works for everyone. 
I talked with about how I'm building my campaign from the grassroots up. I want to spend my time with voters, not sucking up to billionaires. If you believe that's what candidates should do, donate tonight—you may get a call from me tomorrow!  
Donald Trump embarrasses America. And he does it repeatedly. 
Looking forward to joining on in! 
I was glad to meet at It wasn’t ironic at all. 
I have some thoughts on the whole thing—tune in! 
I'll be talking with on soon about how we can build an economy that works for everyone—I hope you'll join us!
Congratulations to youngest woman ever elected in Iowa and the first student to be elected to the Ames City Council! When women fight, women win. Go Rachel! 
Universal put money into this race, but if it’s a fight between money and the power of a grassroots movement, I'm betting on the people—and last night, the people won. Congratulations! I'll keep fighting with you for affordable housing for everyone. 
This is cruel and disgraceful. Donald Trump will happily give millions of dollars in tax breaks to his billionaire buddies—but he's making it harder for struggling families to be able to eat. I'll reverse this shameful policy. 
I just spoke on about why billionaires like who owns their news network, shouldn't be able to buy their way into the White House, and how I've got plans to make our government work for everyone—not just the wealthy and well-connected. 
I'll be on soon to talk about the big, structural change I'm fighting for. Tune in!
Sybrina Fulton lost her son and endured unimaginable pain. Yet she's turning that loss and pain into a drive to serve her community and do good by running for Miami-Dade County Commissioner.I stand with Let's help her win: 
I guess some billionaires figured it'd be a lot cheaper to spend a few hundred million to buy the American presidency than paying their fair share in a  so that everyone can succeed. I put an ad on Bloomberg TV to let them know—I'm not backing down from this fight. 
Climate change is an existential threat, and we must get to net-zero carbon emissions as soon as possible if we want to defeat it. That's why I support the  why I've got a plan to achieve 100% clean energy for America. 
Betsy DeVos really didn't like being held in contempt of court, so she wants to make federal student loans someone else's problem. Of course, there's a simpler idea: Universal free college and technical school, and canceling student loan debt. 
Congrats on the move, Larry Page! Quick reminder: We do still expect you to testify before Congress. And changing your title while staying on the board and retaining effective control of it will not exempt you from accountability.
Donald Trump is pushing out talented diplomats, hollowing out the State Department, and appointing his own donor buddies to be our ambassadors. Our next president will have to rebuild the State Department—and I've got a plan for that. 
Fine by me. I’m fighting to give every person in America the opportunity to build a good life for themselves and their loved ones—not to protect giant banks and their billionaire customers. 
 of this is possible and more—if we fight hard together. Chip in $3 to help us keep fighting. 
We're all deeply grateful for leadership on issues from protecting our democracy and advocating for our teachers to ending the Black maternal mortality crisis—and I know my friend will continue fighting for justice. 
Donald Trump abused our diplomatic relationships and undermined our national security for his personal, political gain.The past few years have shown that unless we hold him accountable now, he will do this again. 
Bailey's loving his snow day! 
It's not just about having a job—it's about having a good job. Workers are struggling with unpredictable schedules and jobs that won't give them enough hours to qualify for benefits, support their families, or build a future. I've got a plan for that. 
Thank you for your commitment to fighting for the people, for justice, and to holding Donald Trump accountable.Kamala is right—our system is deeply broken when billionaires can buy their way in. I'll fight with you to make sure our government works for all of us. 
I stand with Grad student workers deserve fair pay, benefits, and labor protections—and it's time for to negotiate with them in good faith. 
We can free students from crushing debt, boost the economy, and reduce both the Black-white and Latinx-white wealth gaps by canceling student loan debt and by providing universal technical, two-year, and four-year public college. And we can pay for it all with my 
Giant companies are raking in profits while squeezing working families to the breaking point. It's time to put more power in the hands of workers. My plan ensures that the 27 million part-time workers in America are treated with respect and can build a future for their families.
And it's time to remove the perverse incentives that keep giant corporations from making their workers full-time. I'll extend leave and benefit protections to part-time workers, and require employers to offer additional hours to existing part-time workers before hiring new ones.
My plan will give workers who work at companies with more than 15 employees the rest they desperately need by guaranteeing workers 11 hours between shifts and compensating them with higher pay for hours voluntarily worked within that window.
Under my Fair Workweek Plan, employers with 15 or more employees will be required to give two weeks’ advance notice of work schedules. And employees will be empowered to ask for schedules that work for them, without fear of retaliation.
These unpredictable schedules make it nearly impossible to work another job, go back to school, or schedule child care. And workers of color—especially women of color—bear the brunt of these abusive scheduling practices.
Millions of workers face unpredictable schedules that can change dramatically day-to-day—even by the hour—with almost no advance warning. A third of workers involuntarily work part-time because they aren't assigned enough hours by giant corporations trying to keep costs down.
As corporations rake in larger profits, working families across the country are getting crushed by rising costs and wages that are barely budging. Adding to their challenges, many employers—especially in the retail and service industries—are using algorithms to assign schedules.
Unpredictable work schedules are leaving too many part-time workers with no control over their time and not enough hours to make ends meet. My Fair Workweek Plan will put power in the hands of part-time workers and help them control their schedules. 
Our government and our economy are working great for the wealthy and the well-connected, but not so great for everyone else. Iowa City is ready to fight for the big, structural change we need! 
True story: I was seven years old when I realized my name wasn't actually Betsy! 
Monopolies aren't just bad for consumers, they're bad for workers, too. Amazon workers in the United States and around the world, alongside and a coalition of unions, show that when workers fight together, workers can win. 
My daddy was a janitor. My mother worked the phones at Sears. America gave me the opportunity to become a public school teacher, a college professor, a senator, and a candidate for president of the United States. I'm fighting so that every kid can have those same opportunities. 
Wages have barely budged, while the costs of housing, health care, and college have soared. If you're struggling to get by—you're not alone. We need big, structural change so that our economy and our government work for working people, not just the wealthy and well-connected.
 I wish I could've given you the speech then, but I hope you take it to heart now. Take care of yourself—and stay strong out there.
 Thank you so much for your question, Raelyn! We’ve got this. Stay strong out there.
Our nation is being held hostage by well-financed extremists who will never put the safety of the American people first. I stand with the activists protesting outside the Supreme Court. I'll fight to end gun violence and root out corruption in Washington. 
I was asked at a town hall “if there was ever a time in your life where somebody you really looked up to maybe didn’t accept you as much?” Here’s my answer: 
My goal is to get elected—but I plan to be the last American president to be elected by the Electoral College. I want my second term to be elected by direct vote. 
Thank you, Marion! Our campaign is driven by this grassroots movement—and I'm so grateful for every single person who is in this fight. 
I'm grateful for everyone who came out to our Waterloo town hall. This is how we're going to make big, structural change—together. 
A majority of those living with HIV today are LGBTQ+ people from communities of color, who especially in the South, often face too many barriers to health care. We need to break down those barriers so everyone gets the care they need.  
Trump cut taxes massively for his rich buddies, and now he wants to cut off and reduce SNAP benefits for millions of the poorest Americans. This is how corruption keeps Washington working for the wealthy and well-connected, but not for everyone else. 
Tell Bear I can’t wait to make a pinkie promise with her tomorrow! 
On  we gather to remember the many lives lost to the AIDS epidemic, we stand shoulder to shoulder with those who live today with HIV, and we recommit ourselves to ending this epidemic. 
When Amelia was little, I helped her Brownie troop organize a ferocious effort to try to sell the most cookies in town. Loved meeting more Girl Scouts who are dreaming big, fighting hard (and earning some impressive badges). Go Girl Scouts! 
When I first ran for Senate in 2012, I was up against a popular Republican incumbent. The naysayers told me, “Massachusetts isn’t ready for a woman senator.”We proved them wrong. I’m not afraid of a fight—even a big one. 
The people of Chicago are fired up for big, structural change. And I promise: As president, I’ll fight for your families as hard as I fight for mine. Thank you, Chicago! 
Despite the progress and medical advancements, we still have a lot of work to do to end the HIV/AIDS epidemic. I've got a plan to provide more resources to tackle this epidemic and begin publicly manufacturing PrEP in my first 100 days.  
We’re hours away from our November fundraising deadline.If you haven’t already, will you chip in $3 or more to help reach our goal? With the first primaries and caucuses around the corner, I’m counting on you. 
 Dream big, fight hard.  
I wouldn’t ask if it weren’t important: Will you chip in $3 now before our fundraising deadline at midnight tonight?Any amount you’re able to give helps open new field offices, hire organizers in early voting states, and train volunteers. 
Thank you, Together, I know we can make the big, structural change our country needs. 
I love every minute of our photo lines. Every photo we take is a chance to talk with voters and listen to their stories. Since our lines get long, I change into sneakers beforehand—I call it my “Mr. Rogers moment.” 
Our November fundraising deadline is tonight. For some candidates, it’s crunch time for swooping up big checks from wealthy donors and PACs.Not me.  reaches fundraising goals one $3, $10, or $7 donation at a time. Will you chip in now? 
I'm proud to have on my team every single day. I know that, together, we'll be able to work with Tribal Nations and indigenous peoples to build stronger communities and a brighter future. 
Frank LaMere was a dedicated activist who left behind an incredible legacy. I'll keep fighting to carry on that legacy by strengthening the relationship between the federal government and Tribal Nations.  
On just about every issue we care about—from criminal justice to immigration, affordable housing, climate change, health care, and gun violence—money and influence are holding up widely popular policies.If we want to make any progress, we must root out corruption in Washington.
Happy  I've got a plan to use $7 billion in funding grants to help entrepreneurs of color get their small businesses off the ground—and fully close the startup capital gap. 
Tribal Nations must be able to protect their citizens from domestic violence by non-Native perpetrators. The Violence Against Women Act must be reauthorized and recognize Tribal Nations' inherent authority to prosecute non-Natives who commit these crimes. 
I’m proud that the average contribution to our campaign is $26. That’s because our campaign is funded by small-dollar donors, not fancy fundraisers, billionaires, or PACs. Chip in now—$26, or $3, or whatever you can—to keep our movement growing. 
It's a point I've made since my very first campaign: Nobody in this country got rich on their own. They relied on infrastructure we all paid for, employees we all paid to educate. So if you're successful, good for you—now pay it forward so everyone has a chance at success. 
 "I lived in a world where abortion was illegal and all I can say is some women got lucky, some women didn’t, but they a…
When a private equity firm acquired a doctors group, patients experienced more aggressive medical debt collection lawsuits. Wall Street shouldn't be profiting off of the poorest patients. We need to rein in Wall Street—and we need  
I got a high-quality public education for just $50 a semester—but that opportunity doesn't exist today. States invested less in our public colleges and shifted the burden onto students. I'm fighting for universal public college so every student has the opportunity to succeed.
 Life in retail as told by our members of a Local 1-S worker ; worker, and a member…
Climate change is an existential threat, and it's going to take a grassroots movement ready to fight for big, structural change to defeat it. I'm standing with the young activists on  today—stay strong in this fight! 
America must uphold its commitments and promises to Tribal Nations and indigenous peoples—and give them a fighting chance to build stronger communities and a brighter future. I've got a plan for that.  
It worked. Eventually, everyone got back to eating and talking—and Aunt Max was never in charge of bringing the turkey again.So no matter what cooking disasters, miscommunications, or accidents happen this Thanksgiving, smile, readjust, and try not to take it too seriously!
An uproar followed as everyone loudly explained that “bring the turkey” meant a cooked turkey. Aunt Max considered that, then laughed. She said we'd eat Thanksgiving dinner in layers—a Jell-O course, a potato course, a pie course—finishing with a turkey course, in about 6 hours.
They burst through the front door, and Uncle Crowbar banged the heavy roaster on the kitchen countertop as people crowded around to see the turkey. With a flourish, Aunt Max lifted the lid, proclaiming, “Biggest Turkey Ever!”Everyone jumped back. It was RAW.
My mother fretted and Aunt Alice fumed. The boys buzzed around trying to get a spoonful of this or a crust of that. Aunt Bee tried to keep everything in order. Still no Aunt Max. Then one of the boys spotted her coming up the walk with Uncle Crowbar (that name is another story).
Thanksgiving dinner was set for noon, and most of the family was there by mid-morning. The table was set. The sweet potato casseroles were out of the oven. The pies were on display. The Jell-O molds were out on special plates. Food was piled everywhere. But—no Aunt Max.
Aunt Max was funny and quick-talking. She never took anything too seriously, including time. And she wasn’t much of a cook, so the other sisters made sure that she was up to the task—peppering her with questions, making sure she'd get a big enough turkey.
Thanksgiving was always a big gathering in our family. The holiday brought in family from Texas, Arkansas, and Kansas. That meant LOTS of planning over who would bring what, how much, and so on.One year, Aunt Max, my mother’s oldest sister, volunteered to bring the turkey. 
I'm heartsick for Jesus Martinez Manon and his family. We must end this cruelty. No family should live in fear of having their loved ones torn away from them—on Thanksgiving or any day. When I'm president, we'll build a humane immigration system and treat immigrants with dignity. 
This year, I'm grateful for my family, for the incredible opportunities I've had, for the many wonderful people I’ve met, and for the grassroots movement that is fighting alongside me. From my family to yours: Happy Thanksgiving!
We're so grateful for everyone who does necessary work over the holidays to keep us safe and healthy. But too many giant corporations shamefully choose profits over people by staying open on Thanksgiving. Retail workers deserve to spend time with their loved ones, too. 
I told that if it’s a fight between money and the power of a grassroots movement, I'm betting on the people. 
This is appalling. Our government has a basic responsibility to protect its citizens from dangerous workplaces—not bend over backwards to absolve and protect giant corporations. Phillip Lee Terry and his family deserve justice. 
Thank you and for joining me in Atlanta last week. I'll fight shoulder to shoulder with you to put power and resources in the hands of the people. 
Governor Northam, you have the opportunity to empower unions and working families. You should take it. 
I'm so grateful for Amber Torres's support and I will fight to ensure the United States meets its trust and treaty obligations. 
This is cruel and appalling. These students simply dreamed of getting the high-quality higher education America can offer. ICE deceived and entrapped them, just to deport them. 
I'm proud to stand alongside in the fight to ensure that the United States honors its promises and commitments to Tribal Nations and indigenous peoples. 
 Team Warren is proud to support airline catering workers at MIA and airports across the country in their fi…
At its best, America is a place for big dreams and second chances. That’s what I’ve always fought for, and that’s the America I want us to build together. 
The Trump administration's cruel and dangerous policies are putting children in danger and driving families apart. When I'm president, I'll end his racist policies and welcome immigrants and asylum seekers. 
Presidential candidates typically do "call time"—also known as calling wealthy donors and asking for big checks.Not me. Our campaign is funded by grassroots donors like you. Will you pitch in now? 
Google recently hired a notorious union-busting firm—and yesterday, fired four employees who were organizing their colleagues and holding Google accountable. I stand with Rebecca Rivers and her colleagues. I’ll always fight to protect workers’ rights. 
Monopolies are bad for consumers and our economy—and they're bad for employees, too.But when workers build a grassroots movement and fight together to hold Big Tech companies like Amazon accountable, they can win. 
Dream big, fight hard, put on your sweatshirt, and let’s get to work! 
Yup, I’m tired of “Woe Is Me” billionaires too, My  will help families afford child care, college, and free an entire generation from student loan debt—and the billionaires will be just fine. 
 This is a powerful new ad from Thank you for acknowledging the important role that a grassroots movement will pl…
Some billionaires figured it might be cheaper to run for president than pay my  Well they don’t have the power of a grassroots movement—and in our democracy, I believe in the power of people over money. 
 We must recognize the systemic discrimination that infects our country ; work actively to root it out! Three steps 1) Root…
Fighting for the  isn't just about fighting climate change. It's a commitment to building a better future for the working people of our country by creating millions of good union jobs. We can’t fight climate change with a low-wage economy.
We need to build a new farm economy that is truly open to all. I’ve listened to Black farmers and updated my plan to reflect their experiences. We must root out structural racism to ensure Black farmers succeed. 
We need bold action now to pass the  build a green new economy, and defeat the climate crisis—and I've got a plan for that. I'm proud to work alongside groups like to build the grassroots movement we need to fight climate change. 
After my daddy's heart attack, he couldn't work for a while. So my mother got a minimum wage job—and that job saved our house. She was scared, but she found the strength to do what needed to be done to save our family. 
I’ve got a lot of plans to bring big, structural change to Washington. But first, there's one plan that makes it all possible: Making sure we hit our monthly fundraising goals.Can I count on you to pitch in to our grassroots movement before midnight? 
Private companies shouldn't be able to profit off of incarcerated people by charging them to read a book or video call their family. My plan for criminal justice reform will rein in this exploitation. 
I've proposed the biggest and most progressive increase in Social Security benefits in nearly half a century—an immediate $200 monthly increase. Families need financial security.
Nominating top donors to be ambassadors undermines U.S. diplomacy and national security—and I’ve got a plan to end this practice. 
Michael Bloomberg may think he doesn't need people to win this election—he just needs bags of money.He’s wrong. That's why I'm investing in meeting thousands of voters, taking over 85,000 selfies, and building a grassroots movement that will fight for big, structural change. 
Experts agree: Broad student debt cancellation would supercharge economic growth by freeing a generation crushed by debt. Candidates who oppose it should explain why punishing young people matters more than promoting home ownership and business creation. 
We need public financing of our elections. But manipulating the rules to attack and push them off the ballot is wrong. 
The same communities that have borne the brunt of industrial pollution are also on the front lines of the climate crisis—and extreme weather events could put them at even greater risk. We have to end the climate crisis and clean up Superfund sites. 
I'm in this fight because I want our kids to have a brighter future. That's a hope we all share, and I'm grateful to everyone in Manchester who is in this fight for big, structural change. 
 Minimum Wage, 2009: $7.25Federal Minimum Wage, 2019: $7.25It's time to 
 Sad that Bloomberg won’t be at debates so we can hear his two cents on how big money creates corruption in politics. But…
Thank you, I’m so proud to be fighting alongside you for big, structural change. 
For months, the people of Hong Kong have taken to the streets to stand up for their rights. This weekend, they went to the ballot box and sent the powerful message that they want to keep their democracy—and Beijing must respect that. 
Let’s be clear: Our government criminalizes too many things and sends too many people to jail. In a Warren administration, we will: ☑️ Repeal the 1994 Crime Bill ☑️ Legalize marijuana☑️ Undo the legacy of the War on Drugs☑️ End cash bail and private prisons
History has proven that when working women fight together, they win. The Black women of the Atlanta Washerwomen Strike show the true story of American persistence. 
There have been 2,302 mass shootings in the United States since Sandy Hook. We shouldn't have to live like this. But unless we root out corruption in Washington, the gun lobby will always have a veto on any legislation to end the gun violence epidemic. 
I support the students, organizers, and activists demanding accountability on climate action and more at  Climate change is an existential threat, and we must take bold action to fight this crisis. 
My heart is with today. Jordan Davis should be alive. We must call out the fact that Black Americans have borne the brunt of the gun violence tragedy in our country. I promise to fight my heart out—for justice for Jordan, and to end this epidemic. 
I’m glad everyone is enjoying the Bailey photos we sent out yesterday!For more updates from our grassroots campaign (and maybe more photos in the future), add your name:  
This guy was Mick Mulvaney’s right-hand man in Congress. Now, he has a plum job as a payday loan lobbyist and is cozying up to Mulvaney to advance his clients’ interests.In a Warren administration, we’ll stand up to lobbyists and the predatory loan industry. 
 It was great meeting you, Maddy. Thanks for being in this fight!
Mike Bloomberg is placing $34 million in TV ads in one week—the most of any presidential candidate in history.That’s one way to pay less under my  Because in a Warren administration, he and his billionaire friends would finally have to pay their fair share. 
I’m grateful to have you in this fight, Together, we’ll keep fighting to end the gun violence epidemic. 
Unlike other candidates, I don’t host fancy fundraisers, I don’t take money from PACs, and I don’t cozy up to billionaires.Instead, small-dollar donors are the backbone of our grassroots campaign. Donate whatever you can now, and join the fight! 
 I'm ALL IN on I'm so excited to join and in electing Elizabeth Warren as our n…
 I’m so excited to join this feminist, fearless trio in working to elect Elizabeth Warren as our President. Text WIN to 2…
Donald Trump is a walking, talking conflict of interest. It should be illegal for a president to twist the rules of our government to make themselves richer. Under my anti-corruption bill—the biggest since Watergate—it would be. 
 is exactly right. The Keystone XL pipeline is a harmful project that locks us into further dependence on some of the dirtiest fossil fuels on the planet. We need clean energy and protection for tribal lands, not another crummy fossil fuel investment. 
People who made it big should chip in to make sure that everyone else can make it, too. 
When workers fight, workers win. Congratulations to employees on unionizing! Let’s keep fighting together to ensure that it’s quick and easy for everyone to join unions. 
Iranians have taken to the streets to protest corruption and authoritarianism. This struggle must ultimately be fought and won by the people of Iran, but we support their demand for dignity, freedom to connect to the outside world, and right to peacefully demonstrate.
 carries out important work organizing activism across the country and making sure our voices are heard. I’m grateful for our thoughtful conversation yesterday about how we can keep moving our country forward. 
I’m inspired by the people of Nashville who are building a grassroots movement to ban private prisons from their community. In a Warren administration, we’ll ban them at the federal level. 
It should be quick and easy to join a union. Yet here’s another example of how the rich and powerful try to stop American workers from standing together. I stand shoulder-to-shoulder with the Bright Solar workers fired after unionizing with  
Grateful to be in this fight alongside you, 
Did I have a plan to get me, and out of the escape room? You bet. 
Every presidential candidate should join us in pledging to end the practice of selling cushy diplomatic posts to wealthy donors. 
Black history is American history.The lessons of Black history—from the Atlanta washerwoman's strike, to Dorothy Bolden’s fight for domestic workers—will not be lost.What an honor to be with and at last night. 
This isn’t about drivers’ licenses or the Census. This is another cruel way that the Trump administration and Republicans are working to undercount, underfund, and take political power away from immigrant communities. We must fight back.
 Proud to work with and 💪  
It's my honor to have and as my Campaign Co-Chairs. Big structural change can't wait, and we'll fight for it—together. 
This cruel, unnecessary policy will put asylum seekers at risk. Our laws and our values compel us to help those fleeing violence and oppression. I'll reverse this policy and welcome asylum seekers. 
WeWork is laying off 2,400 employees—while its founder walks away with a massive $1.7 billion golden parachute.This is another example of a rigged and corrupt system. I’m fighting my heart out to put power in the hands of American workers. 
Let’s be clear: It’s time for our government to have a full-blown national conversation about reparations. We must be honest about our history, and do what’s right so that our nation can begin to heal.  
White supremacy, white nationalism, and corruption threaten to break our democracy beyond repair. Now more than ever, all of us must embrace the lessons of Black history to confront this challenge.  
Racism props up the rich and powerful, leaving them free to take more power for themselves. And the rich and powerful aren’t going to just give away their power. If we want power, we have to fight for it.  
 Yes, there’s a lot at stake in this election, and I know people are scared. But the washerwomen were not afraid. Dorothy Bolden was not afraid. I am not afraid. And you can't be afraid, either.   
 From the boldness of Atlanta’s Washerwomen to the courage of Dorothy Bolden, Black history teaches us that the only way to win is to get in the fight.
 Dorothy Bolden showed that one very determined woman—backed up by many people across this country—can deliver big structural change.
 This isn’t about whether or not we start a fight. We’re already in a fight. This is about how we win.
 We all know—and say—the names of those whose lives have been cut short with callous indifference by law enforcement. Let’s honor Aiyana Stanley-Jones, Rekia Boyd, Korryn Gaines, Sandra Bland, and Atatiana Jefferson by reforming our criminal justice system once and for all.
 And there’s more. It’s time to live our values. Look at the four words etched above the Supreme Court: Equal Justice Under Law. But justice is not equal in America.
 Voter suppression is just one more relic of Jim Crow, and we need to say so. That’s why I have a plan to strengthen voting in America. It starts with restoring the Voting Rights Act.
 Right now, our democracy is broken. How do I know? Because Brian Kemp is sitting in chair. And we are all grateful to Stacey for what she’s doing to make sure that never happens again in this country.
 The federal government helped create the racial divide in this country through decades of active, state-sponsored discrimination and that means the federal government has an obligation to fix it. And I have a lot of plans for how we can begin to fix it together.
 The 1994 crime bill exacerbated the mass incarceration that has locked up millions of Black men and women, many for the smallest infractions.
 Government redlining meant that too often toxic waste dumps and polluting factories are located far away from white communities and right next to Black communities.
 It’s time for our government to face this truth. Time for America to have a full-blown national conversation about reparations. Time to adopt H.R. 40, reparations plan. Time to do what’s right, so our nation can begin to heal.
 America was founded on principles of liberty and built on the backs of enslaved people.
 And now more than ever, all of us have to embrace the lessons of Black history. The rich and powerful aren’t going to just give away their power. No, if we want power, we have to fight for it!
 But even in the face of racism, hatred, bigotry and corruption—Black history teaches us how to confront this moment of challenge. Black history teaches us how to stand up when we’re told to sit down, speak out when we’re told to be silent, march on even when the road gets rough.
 The rich and powerful want us to be afraid of each other, because they’re afraid of us. Afraid of the people. Afraid of seeing us stand together. Afraid that we will take up each other’s fights as our own. Afraid that they will lose their power.
 Divide and conquer is an old political tactic—and it comes in all sorts of ugly flavors: Racist, sexist, homophobic, transphobic, xenophobic. It’s the phobic—that’s the key part. It’s all about fear. Politics based in fear.
 Today our government is working great for billionaires. Working great for giant corporations. Working great for those who cheerfully suck up as much wealth as they can, and never glance back at who gets left behind.
 Donald Trump didn’t create this divide and conquer system. But he wouldn’t be in power without it. After eight years of progress under President Obama, Trump’s embrace of white supremacy, white nationalism, and corruption threaten to break our democracy beyond repair.
 And when Black people won the fight to end school segregation and demanded federal funding for their children’s educations, poor white children got better educations, too.
 When Black civil rights warriors won the fight for voting rights, voter turnout all across the South—for Blacks and whites—skyrocketed.
 So, I want to speak directly to the question on some white people’s minds when we talk about the need to address what our government has done in Black communities. The uncomfortable question of “what will this mean for me”?
 To this day racism still whispers the convenient lie to some white people that if your life has problems, you should blame “them”—people who don’t look like you.
 Black history is American history. And American history teaches us that racism has for generations shaped every crucial aspect of our economy and political system. 
 Racist politicians doubled down. They divided Black people and white people in every moment of every day of every life, using force, violence, and intimidation to oppress Blacks and to ensure that Blacks and whites would never come together to stand up against those in power.
 The law had promised equal civil and legal rights for all, and its loss was another body blow to our fragile, reconstructed democracy.
 In 1883, two years after the successful washerwomen’s strike and as other groups were just beginning to exercise some political muscle, the Supreme Court struck down a civil rights law that had been passed in the wake of the Civil War.
 But the gains were fleeting. As the idea that Black workers and white workers could make real structural change if they fought side by side began to spark to life, an evil force was once again mobilizing against it.
 Then it happened. The employers, the city council, the powerful white citizens—they all backed down. The women won!
 And when the City Council threatened to intervene, the women sent a public letter to the mayor of Atlanta and said they would not back down. They went right to the heart of the matter: “We mean business.”
 Black women—then and now—are no strangers to facing resistance when they fight for justice, and Black women—then and now—don’t give up easy. Even in the face of imminent violence, Black women refused to be defined by fear. So, the women of the Washing Society persisted.
 The employers struck back. They warned that they would use their money and power to start their own modern industrial laundry service to replace the washerwomen permanently.
 In the space of three weeks, 20 women on strike became 200 women. And 200 women on strike became 2,000 women. 2,000 became 3,000.
 One day, they had enough. It was July 1881, when 20 of Atlanta’s Black washerwomen threw down their washboards, walked away from their barrels—and formed a union: The Washing Society.
 By nightfall, everything was folded and stacked, ready to be dropped off the next morning when they picked up a new pile of dirty laundry. And so the cycle continued—all for less than a dollar a day.
 Black women and girls found that pretty much the only work white employers allowed them to do was the work that they’d been forced to do when they had been enslaved—caring for white families. Thousands of women scratched out a living as washerwomen. The work was heavy.
 I want to tell a story. The year was 1881. After the tyranny of slavery, thousands of African Americans came to Atlanta hoping to build new lives, lives full of promise.
 I’m here to make a commitment: When I am president of the United States, the lessons of Black history will not be lost. Those lessons, they will live in every part of my presidency—and I will ask you to hold me accountable for that promise every single day. 
 I wanted to stick around after last night’s debate because this city has been at the heart of America’s fight for justice. Atlanta is a city that honors fighters. The fighters I want to talk about tonight are Black women.
I’ve known for nearly a decade. Together, we've fought against for-profit colleges, stood for families torn apart by gun violence, and gone toe-to-toe with the Trump administration as we’ve fought to protect immigrant families. 
We're live at Clark Atlanta University—tune in!  
 In just a few minutes, will be live in Atlanta at in!  
Donald Trump's racist immigration policies have done unimaginable harm, contributed to several deaths, and torn apart families. His proposed wall is a monument to hate and division. We must build a fair and humane immigration system that reflects our values—and I’ve got a plan.
See you soon! 
 Bookmark this page and tune back in at 6 PM ET to hear speak at Clark Atlanta University about history's most pers…
Climate change is an existential threat—and unless we take urgent action to end this crisis, future generations will face catastrophic consequences. That's why I'm fighting for the  
Big Tech companies are not doing enough to protect our privacy—and they won't until they face real competition and accountability. 
Reproductive rights are economic rights. Reproductive rights are human rights. And I will fight for those rights for all people that need abortions.
 Tell Bella that I say congrats, I AM so proud of her, and I’ll fight to make sure she has no student loan debt when she graduates!
Netanyahu is accused of accepting bribes, trading government favors, and manipulating a free press. Like his pal Donald Trump, he'll stop at nothing to enrich himself and stay in power. This blatant corruption has no place in any democracy—I'll fight it at home and abroad. 
The way I see it, this is about our values. No American should ever die because they couldn't afford the care they need. No family should ever go broke because of health care costs. We need a health care system that reflects our values. That's 
Ambassador Gordon Sondland got his job after writing a $1 million check to Donald Trump's inaugural committee. This is Washington corruption at its worst. I've pledged never to give ambassadorial positions to wealthy donors—and every candidate should do the same. 
I just stepped off the  stage where I had the chance to make my case for big, structural change to a national audience. There has never been a more important moment for our campaign. Will you chip in now to show the power of this grassroots movement?
I just stepped off the  stage where I had the chance to make my case for big, structural change to a national audience. There has never been a more important moment for our campaign. Will you chip in now to show the power of this grassroots movement?
I just stepped off the  stage where I had the chance to make my case for big, structural change to a national audience. There has never been a more important moment for our campaign. Will you chip in now to show the power of this grassroots movement?
I just stepped off the  stage where I had the chance to make my case for big, structural change to a national audience. There has never been a more important moment for our campaign. Will you chip in now to show the power of this grassroots movement?
Awood shows that when workers fight together, they can win. We have to protect and strengthen workers' rights to organize, make their voices heard, and hold giant corporations like Amazon accountable. 
I won't cozy up to Facebook when I'm president. It's time to root out corruption in Washington. Until we do, we won't be able to make any progress on any of the issues that matter to us. And I've got a plan for that.
This is how the government keeps working for giant corporations and the wealthy and well-connected. It's no wonder that companies like Facebook have been allowed to consolidate economic and political power without any real accountability.
Amid antitrust scrutiny, Facebook is going on a charm offensive with Republican lawmakers. And now, Mark Zuckerberg and one of Facebook's board members—a major Trump donor—had a secret dinner with Trump. This is corruption, plain and simple. 
We're not leaving yet, Atlanta! Join us at on Thursday, where I'll be sharing the stories of some of the most persistent and fearless fighters, Black women who proved that when working women fight together, they win.  
To everyone who tuned into the  to cheer me on: Thank you!I’m thankful for every  who’s fighting for big, structural change. Will you donate $3 to our grassroots movement tonight? We can only do this together. 
The issues we discussed at tonight’s  touch people all over this country in their everyday lives. We know what we need to do. We have a lot of good ideas for how to fix things and a majority of Americans are with us. But we don't make change—because of corruption. 
I believe that abortion rights are human rights.I believe that they're also economic rights.And protecting the right of a woman to be able to make decisions about her own body is fundamentally what we do and what we stand for as a Democratic Party.  
 African Americans are being disproportionately hurt by the student loan debt crisis. Canceling student loan debt will help…
 For decades, racist redlining practices discriminated against Black and Brown families. housing plan doesn't jus…
I’m grateful to an America that gave the daughter of a janitor a chance to become a public school teacher, a college professor, a United States Senator, and a candidate for president of the United States. And I’ll fight my heart out so every kid has that chance, too. 
I just stepped off the  stage where I had the chance to make my case for big, structural change to a national audience. There has never been a more important moment for our campaign. Will you chip in now to show the power of this grassroots movement?
I just stepped off the  stage where I had the chance to make my case for big, structural change to a national audience. There has never been a more important moment for our campaign. Will you chip in now to show the power of this grassroots movement?
I just stepped off the  stage where I had the chance to make my case for big, structural change to a national audience. There has never been a more important moment for our campaign. Will you chip in now to show the power of this grassroots movement?
I just stepped off the  stage where I had the chance to make my case for big, structural change to a national audience. There has never been a more important moment for our campaign. Will you chip in now to show the power of this grassroots movement?
I just stepped off the debate stage feeling inspired.  Universal Child Care, universal free college—it’s all possible if we fight for it. Pitch in whatever you can right now to own a part of our grassroots movement. 
I just stepped off the  stage where I had the chance to make my case for big, structural chance to a national audience. There has never been a more important moment for our campaign. Will you chip in now to show the power of this grassroots movement?
I just stepped off the  stage where I had the chance to make my case for big, structural chance to a national audience. There has never been a more important moment for our campaign. Will you chip in now to show the power of this grassroots movement?
I just stepped off the  stage where I had the chance to make my case for big, structural chance to a national audience. There has never been a more important moment for our campaign. Will you chip in now to show the power of this grassroots movement?
I just stepped off the  stage where I had the chance to make my case for big, structural chance to a national audience. There has never been a more important moment for our campaign. Will you chip in now to show the power of this grassroots movement?
We have a lot of good ideas, yet we don't make change. Why not? Because of corruption. That’s why I have the biggest anti-corruption plan since Watergate. We have to have courage to tackle corruption head-on and fight for big, structural change. 
 During this  made it clear she’s fighting for: ✅Medicare For All✅Student Loan Forgiveness ✅Commo…
 I’m with because she made clear she’s fighting for: 💚 Big structural change 💚 An America where everybody has a ch…
 Elizabeth Warren tweeted me to say she’s grateful for my support (and that there’s no such thing as “uncool”)! I’m proud to su…
 I love that is thinking big and going for bold fixes armed with data, well-vetted plans, and enormous heart!Please …
In my first 100 days as president, I will open the doors to high-quality health care for millions of Americans. And when families compare that health care to fighting their insurance companies tooth and nail, the choice will be clear—we need   
 “The time for small ideas is over. It’s time for big, structural change” I believe in Liz Warren! She'll bring inte…
I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. It's time for the top 1% to chip in their fair share so everyone has a chance to succeed.  
Abortion rights are human rights and economic rights. If abortion is made illegal in America, rich women will still get them. It's just going to fall hard on poor women and women of color. I’ve got a plan to protect access to abortion no matter what SCOTUS does. 
On the debate stage, I made it clear: I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. My wealth tax asks for just a few cents from those billionaires, and it could fund universal pre-k, free college, and so much more. If you’re sick of the freeloading too, chip in and join our campaign.
On the debate stage, I made it clear: I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. My wealth tax asks for just a few cents from those billionaires, and it could fund universal pre-k, free college, and so much more. If you’re sick of the freeloading too, chip in and join our campaign.
On the debate stage, I made it clear: I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. My wealth tax asks for just a few cents from those billionaires, and it could fund universal pre-k, free college, and so much more. If you’re sick of the freeloading too, chip in and join our campaign.
On the debate stage, I made it clear: I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. My wealth tax asks for just a few cents from those billionaires, and it could fund universal pre-k, free college, and so much more. If you’re sick of the freeloading too, chip in and join our campaign.
I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. If you are too, join our grassroots campaign.
I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. If you are too, join our grassroots campaign.
I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. If you are too, join our grassroots campaign.
I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. If you are too, join our grassroots campaign.
When I found out our government was tearing families apart, I went to a detention center at the border. It was like a giant Amazon warehouse of women, babies, and children in cages. We must treat immigrants with dignity and live our values at the border every day. 
Right now, Black Americans are more likely to borrow money for college and have a harder time paying off student loan debt. My plan to cancel student loan debt is a tangible and real way to help close the racial wealth gap. 
 I’ve NEVER been as excited about any candidate (or maybe any human) than I am about I’m unequivocally 
We need to ensure that everyone in this country has the opportunity to succeed. Here's what we could do with my two-cent  Universal Child Care and pre-k✅ $800 billion dollars in our public schools✅ $50 billion in HBCUs✅ Cancel student loan debt 
Our defense budget is massively bloated—we need to end the cozy relationship between defense contractors and the Pentagon, then pull out a sharp knife and make real cuts. I've got a plan for that.  
 💚 Elizabeth Warren has our backs—whether it’s taking on Wall Street, tackling climate change, or fighting for health care for…
All three of my brothers served, so I know the responsibility our country has toward military personnel and their families. And I’ve got a plan to honor our promises to our nation’s veterans, service members, military families, and survivors.  
 “Over ; over, we are told that women are not allowed to be angry. It makes us unattractive to powerful men who want us…
On the debate stage, I made it clear: I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. My wealth tax asks for just a few cents from those billionaires, and it could fund universal pre-k, free college, and so much more. If you’re sick of the freeloading too, chip in and join our campaign.
On the debate stage, I made it clear: I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. My wealth tax asks for just a few cents from those billionaires, and it could fund universal pre-k, free college, and so much more. If you’re sick of the freeloading too, chip in and join our campaign.
On the debate stage, I made it clear: I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. My wealth tax asks for just a few cents from those billionaires, and it could fund universal pre-k, free college, and so much more. If you’re sick of the freeloading too, chip in and join our campaign.
On the debate stage, I made it clear: I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. My wealth tax asks for just a few cents from those billionaires, and it could fund universal pre-k, free college, and so much more. If you’re sick of the freeloading too, chip in and join our campaign.
I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. If you are too, join our grassroots campaign.
I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. If you are too, join our grassroots campaign.
I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. If you are too, join our grassroots campaign.
I’m tired of freeloading billionaires. If you are too, join our grassroots campaign.
 We need to make it clear—no one is above the law, not even the president. But the corruption in Washington goes deeper than…
For decades, racist redlining practices blocked Black and Brown families from home ownership and building wealth. My housing plan helps level the playing field for families who were denied wealth-building opportunities.  
 What can we do with a two-cent  Universal Child Care✔️ Universal pre-k✔️ Invest $800 billion dollars in ou…
Child care is personal for me. My  plan guarantees high-quality child care and early education for every child. It’ll be free for millions of families, and affordable for all. Use my calculator to see how much your family would save: 
Billionaires should pitch in a little more so that every family can have a shot at the American dream. 
Tens of millions of Americans have skipped appointments or medications because they can’t afford it. As president, I’ll reverse Trump’s sabotage of the ACA, lower prices for drugs like insulin, lower the Medicare age to 50, and bring 135 million Americans into 
I’m tired of free-loading billionaires.My  asks them to pitch in a little more, so that every family can have a shot at the American dream. 
Let me tell you what we can do with my  Universal Child Care✔️ Universal pre-k✔️ $800 billion dollars into our public schools✔️ $50 billion to  Cancel student loan debt 
My  says: When you make it big, pitch in two cents so that everyone else can make it too. Regardless of party affiliation, our country is working better for the rich and powerful, and worse for everyone else. We need to make our economy work for everyone. 
The way we achieve our goals and bring our country together is by talking about the things that unite us. We want to make this country work for all of us—not just the rich and the powerful. 
The Mueller report shows how Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice and break the law—again and again and again. That's what's happened with Ukraine. No one is above the law, not even the president of the United States. 
Today’s hearing makes me wonder how Ambassador Sondland got there. This is not a man who had any qualifications except one: He wrote a check for a million dollars. In a Warren administration, we’re not going to give away ambassador posts to the highest bidder. 
Politicians are supposed to compete over how many voters they can persuade, not how many they can disqualify or demoralize. I stand with that's why I have a plan to guarantee the right to vote and end voter suppression. 
I had a wonderful time meeting Lily and her friend Jenny. Lily donated just $10 and won the contest to join me at tonight's  in Atlanta! Thank you both for being a part of this grassroots movement. 
Big, structural change can't wait. and I are fighting for it together. 
I called to tell him that I'm so grateful to have him on I'm going to fight for Ady, Rachael, Carl, and Willow just as hard as I fight for my own family. We're going to make big, structural change, together. 
  and and 💯Don’t miss the finale on Thursday. 
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in our lifetimes. In a Warren administration, we’ll root out Washington corruption once and for all.Will you chip in $3 before the  tonight to help our campaign keep fighting? 
 This is a fantastic, clear-eyed, and comprehensive plan. So many people have lost their lives because it’s not already in…
Desde aumentar el salario mínimo federal hasta combatir la discriminación sistémica y proteger el derecho de las trabajadoras latinas a sindicalizarse: estoy lista para luchar desde el primer día para cerrar la brecha salarial.   
 It's  friends! The day in *2019* when Latinas in the US catch up to the pay white, non-Hispanic men…
It's long past time to close the Latina pay gap, and I've got a plan for that. From raising the federal minimum wage, to fighting systemic discrimination, to protecting Latina workers’ rights to unionize—I'm ready to fight on day one.   
 Honored to be in the fight with you always brother. Let’s build the world we want Carl, Cora ; Willow to grow up in
37 million Americans didn’t fill a prescription because of costs. 36 million skipped a recommended test or treatment because of costs. 40 million didn’t go to a doctor to check out a health problem because of costs.This should never happen. It's time for 
Red tide devastated Florida for sixteen months and now it's back—killing fish and causing beaches to "smell like death." I am fighting for a  so that our beaches stay safe. Add your name if you're with me.
Red tide devastated Florida for sixteen months and now it's back—killing fish and causing beaches to "smell like death." I am fighting for a  so that our beaches stay safe. Add your name if you're with me
On Transgender Day of Remembrance, we  and we re-commit to ending this epidemic.  
I’m fighting my heart out for Rachael, for Carl, for baby Willow—and for you, Willow: Your dad is an inspiration. I’m so honored to know him, and to fight alongside him for a better future for all.) 
We wouldn't be this far in the fight for  without activists like who has given his life to ensure that every American gets the medical care they need. I’m grateful down to my toes to be in this fight alongside you, Ady. 
I’m deeply grateful to have your support in this fight, I make this promise to you, to Willow, and to every family in America: I will fight for your family as hard as I fight for my own. We’re going to do this—side by side. Together. 
Everyone in America should have a decent, affordable, and safe place to live, but skyrocketing rents are crushing millions of families and landlords are exploiting their power over tenants. I have a plan that protects tenants and tackles high rents. Sign on if you're with me.
Everyone in America should have a decent, affordable, and safe place to live, but skyrocketing rents are crushing millions of families and landlords are exploiting their power over tenants. I have a plan that protects tenants and tackles high rents. Sign on if you're with me.
Everyone in America should have a decent, affordable, and safe place to live, but skyrocketing rents are crushing millions of families and landlords are exploiting their power over tenants. I have a plan that protects tenants and tackles high rents. Sign on if you're with me.
Everyone in America should have a decent, affordable, and safe place to live, but skyrocketing rents are crushing millions of families and landlords are exploiting their power over tenants. I have a plan that protects tenants and tackles high rents. Sign on if you're with me.
White nationalist violence is a domestic terrorism threat—and we must treat it like one. I've got a plan to fight white nationalist violence. And when I'm president, combating white nationalist crime will be a top priority for the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security. 
I'm standing with the Indiana teachers rallying for their schools. We need to invest in public education and our public school teachers. They're fighting for our students, so we should be fighting for them, too.  
We are facing a Black maternal mortality crisis in America. This is life and death for too many moms and babies. I've got a plan to end this epidemic. Thank you and for welcoming me to the Black Community Summit. 
 In non-impeachment news, just put out a plan to fight white nationalist violence. Thread on why it's really pre…
White nationalism has no place in our country, our White House, or our Congress. Let's start by getting Steve King out of office and electing to replace him. 
I'm proud to fight alongside for the big, structural change we need—and so happy to announce that she'll be one of my special guests for my speech in Atlanta on Thursday! 
From the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory to the Atlanta Washerwomen Strike, history has proven that when working women fight together, they win. Hear share that story—and then join me in Atlanta on Thursday, where I'll be sharing how we can put power in the hands of the people. 
Enter now for your chance to grab a beer (or coffee, or tear or whatever) with me — two nights’ hotel accommodations on me! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
Enter now for your chance to grab a beer (or coffee, or tear or whatever) with me — two nights’ hotel accommodations on me! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
Enter now for your chance to grab a beer (or coffee, or tear or whatever) with me — two nights’ hotel accommodations on me! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me — hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me — hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me — hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet me — hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet me — hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet me — hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me — hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me — hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me — hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me — hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me — hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me — hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet me — hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet me — hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet me — hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in now to be automatically entered!
Our alliances are not charity or protection rackets. They enhance our security and promote our values. Storming out of a negotiation may be good TV, but it undermines our interests and our long history of friendship with South Korea and Japan. 
Donald Trump has openly stoked white nationalism — with his words, his hires, and his policies.But America can be better than that. We can be a country that prioritizes the safety of all our citizens. To take on hate, we all have to stand up against it — together. Sign on.
Donald Trump has openly stoked white nationalism — with his words, his hires, and his policies.But America can be better than that. We can be a country that prioritizes the safety of all our citizens. To take on hate, we all have to stand up against it — together. Sign on.
Donald Trump has openly stoked white nationalism — with his words, his hires, and his policies.But America can be better than that. We can be a country that prioritizes the safety of all our citizens. To take on hate, we all have to stand up against it — together. Sign on.
Donald Trump has openly stoked white nationalism — with his words, his hires, and his policies.But America can be better than that. We can be a country that prioritizes the safety of all our citizens. To take on hate, we all have to stand up against it — together. Sign on.
Violent white nationalist attacks are incompatible with our values and have no place in American life.In my administration, we will use every tool we have to defeat white nationalism. To take on hate, we all have to stand up against it — together. Sign on today.
Violent white nationalist attacks are incompatible with our values and have no place in American life.In my administration, we will use every tool we have to defeat white nationalism. To take on hate, we all have to stand up against it — together. Sign on today.
Violent white nationalist attacks are incompatible with our values and have no place in American life.In my administration, we will use every tool we have to defeat white nationalism. To take on hate, we all have to stand up against it — together. Sign on today.
Violent white nationalist attacks are incompatible with our values and have no place in American life.In my administration, we will use every tool we have to defeat white nationalism. To take on hate, we all have to stand up against it — together. Sign on today.
 Yesterday released a great new plan for protecting ; empowering tenants including:💥just cause eviction standard…
I introduced a bill for a national ban on so-called "right-to-work" laws that undermine workers and unions—but Virginia has the opportunity to repeal their "right-to-work" law now. They shouldn't hesitate to support unions and working families. 
 “2020 is our time in history. Our time to win the fight for a  and save our planet.” 
We need to put power back where it belongs: With tenants, not big corporate landlords. As president, I’ll also fight for a nationwide right-to-counsel for low- and middle-income tenants. 
Ultimately, this is about our values. I’ve seen up close and personal how devastating a diagnosis can be—and how the bills can turn people’s lives upside down. When I’m president, I’m going to do everything in my power to make sure that never happens to another family again.
Finally, I'll work with states to expand their Medicaid programs, helping them enroll uninsured people who are already eligible for Medicaid and helping them increase eligibility. We can cover 18 million more Americans with Medicaid—all without Congress. 
I will take action on day one to slash drug prices for critical drugs like Insulin, EpiPens, PrEP, and more—relieving tens of millions of Americans from the crushing prices they pay at the pharmacy each month. No more cutting pills, rationing, or skipping doses. 
My plan will improve Medicare for the nearly 60 million seniors who are currently enrolled, adding dental, vision, audio, and long-term care coverage. And I'll lower the Medicare age to 50, giving 57 million more Americans a chance to enroll.
First, my plan gives every child and everyone making at or below 200% of the Federal Poverty Level the opportunity to enroll in free health care coverage through a  option. That’s a total of nearly 135 million Americans who could get free, high-quality coverage. 
 is the best way to cover every person in America at the lowest possible cost. I've laid out my plan to pay for it and how to get us there in my first term. Here’s how I would reduce health care costs for millions in my first 100 days. 
I’ll protect renters from discrimination and unjust eviction and stop federal dollars from going to predatory landlords with a long history of harassing tenants, forcing tenants to live in dangerous conditions, or violating tenants’ rights. Sign on if you’re with me.
I’ll protect renters from discrimination and unjust eviction and stop federal dollars from going to predatory landlords with a long history of harassing tenants, forcing tenants to live in dangerous conditions, or violating tenants’ rights. Sign on if you’re with me.
I’ll protect renters from discrimination and unjust eviction and stop federal dollars from going to predatory landlords with a long history of harassing tenants, forcing tenants to live in dangerous conditions, or violating tenants’ rights. Sign on if you’re with me.
I’ll protect renters from discrimination and unjust eviction and stop federal dollars from going to predatory landlords with a long history of harassing tenants, forcing tenants to live in dangerous conditions, or violating tenants’ rights. Sign on if you’re with me.
Everyone should have a decent, affordable, and safe place to live, but skyrocketing rents are crushing millions of families and landlords are exploiting their power over tenants. My plan will fight exploitative corporate landlords and make housing more affordable. Sign on today.
Everyone should have a decent, affordable, and safe place to live, but skyrocketing rents are crushing millions of families and landlords are exploiting their power over tenants. My plan will fight exploitative corporate landlords and make housing more affordable. Sign on today.
Everyone should have a decent, affordable, and safe place to live, but skyrocketing rents are crushing millions of families and landlords are exploiting their power over tenants. My plan will fight exploitative corporate landlords and make housing more affordable. Sign on today.
Everyone should have a decent, affordable, and safe place to live, but skyrocketing rents are crushing millions of families and landlords are exploiting their power over tenants. My plan will fight exploitative corporate landlords and make housing more affordable. Sign on today.
Everyone in American should have a decent, affordable, and safe place to live, but skyrocketing rents are crushing millions of families and landlords are exploiting their power over tenants. I have a plan that protects tenants and tackles high rents. Sign on if you're with me.
Everyone in American should have a decent, affordable, and safe place to live, but skyrocketing rents are crushing millions of families and landlords are exploiting their power over tenants. I have a plan that protects tenants and tackles high rents. Sign on if you're with me.
Everyone in American should have a decent, affordable, and safe place to live, but skyrocketing rents are crushing millions of families and landlords are exploiting their power over tenants. I have a plan that protects tenants and tackles high rents. Sign on if you're with me.
Everyone in American should have a decent, affordable, and safe place to live, but skyrocketing rents are crushing millions of families and landlords are exploiting their power over tenants. I have a plan that protects tenants and tackles high rents. Sign on if you're with me.
Stephen Miller's white nationalism has no place in the White House. He must resign. We need a president who takes the threat of white nationalism seriously. I have a plan—and I'll start by reversing Trump and Miller's racist policies. 
Donald Trump wants to divide us and pit us against each other. He wants Americans to blame their troubles on those who seem different, even as his administration robs us dry. But America can be better than that. To take on hate, we all have to stand up against it—together.
Finally, I'll work to build and rebuild trust in communities impacted by white nationalist violence. My administration will work with local leaders to combat hate, build resilience, and strengthen their communities.
I’ll establish a zero-tolerance policy for any federal law enforcement officer who participates in white nationalist crimes. And my plan for police reform would replace failed policies with effective, evidence-based practices that don't violate individual rights.
Communities targeted by white nationalists are essential partners in the effort to combat this threat, yet they often lack trust in law enforcement. Survivors and witnesses need to feel comfortable coming forward so perpetrators of hate crimes can be held accountable.
Any strategy to combat white nationalist crime must be proactive, addressing racism and intolerance before it has a chance to grow. I'll invest in early interventions to protect our children from extremist violence.
Too often, guns are used in acts of domestic terrorism. Over 10,300 hate crimes are committed using a gun each year on average. We need to expand background checks and keep guns out of the hands of those who may be violent or who have been convicted of hate crimes.
We have the laws to combat white nationalist crimes. What we lack is the will to prioritize investigating and prosecuting these crimes. In a Warren administration, combating white nationalist crime will be a top priority for the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security.
We’ve all seen the consequences. Hate crimes spiked after Trump’s election, and last year violent personal attacks reached a 16-year high. It's clear that racists, white supremacists, and people with hateful ideologies feel empowered by this president.
But the current administration has chosen to ignore the threat posed by white nationalists and violent extremists. Donald Trump has cozied up to white nationalists—even hiring some into his White House. He's made one racist remark after another and put in place racist policies.
Mother Emanuel AME Church.Charlottesville.Tree of Life Synagogue.El Paso.Unfortunately, these aren't isolated tragedies. The FBI logged over 7,000 hate crimes last year, and there are likely hundreds of thousands more that go unreported or uncategorized.
The Trump administration has ignored the threat posed by white nationalists and violent extremists—and Trump himself has stoked the flames. In a Warren administration, we will use every tool we have to defeat domestic terrorism. Here's my plan: 
Millions of Americans are spending more than 30% of their income on rent. I’ve got a plan to make housing more affordable, protect renters from unjust eviction and discrimination, and invest in healthy and green homes. Everyone deserves a safe, affordable place to live. 
The way I see it, this election is about fighting for the big ideas that reflect our values. 2020 is our time to dream big, fight hard, and win! 
Everyone deserves a safe, affordable place to live—and I'm committed to fighting to protect tenants’ rights. Thank you and for joining me today to discuss my plan to protect and empower renting families! 
The forceful removal of State Director from a public hearing is outrageous. I stand with her and 
Black and Brown students are more likely to be punished in school—and they're more likely to be arrested for minor infractions. Enough is enough. No student should have to learn in an environment where there is a threat of incarceration.  
Doug Manchester is just the tip of the iceberg. Donald Trump has perfected the act of selling swanky diplomatic posts to his rich buddies. It's corruption, plain and simple. I've pledged to end the practice of giving ambassadorial posts to wealthy donors. 
The CFPB protects consumers from Big Banks, Wall Street, and predatory lenders. We need a Tenant Protection Bureau to enforce tenants’ rights, take on bad actors, and make sure landlords keep affordable housing available for working families.
Another blatantly ideological attempt by the Trump administration to distract from its failures in the region. Not only do these settlements violate international law—they make peace harder to achieve. As president, I will reverse this policy and pursue a two state solution. 
Attorneys General stand on the front lines of the fight to protect access to abortion and reproductive rights—and I stand with Thank you for making this commitment to defend our rights. 
The Bolivian people deserve free and fair elections, as soon as possible. Bolivia's interim leadership must limit itself to preparing for an early, legitimate election. Bolivia's security forces must protect demonstrators, not commit violence against them. 
The  isn't just about fighting climate change. It's about fighting for environmental and economic justice. American workers can lead the global effort to end the climate crisis, build a green new economy, and create more than a million good jobs here at home. 
We must ensure that we never have another student debt crisis again. We can do that by recognizing that a public college education is like a public K-12 education — a basic public good that should be available to everyone with free tuition and zero debt at graduation.
“Less than two weeks after releasing a sweeping student debt cancellation plan, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren is promoting a student debt forgiveness calculator designed to show voters exactly how much they would benefit from her plan.”
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
We shouldn't have to live like this. The daily toll of gun violence is staggering. From Walmart to our schools, our streets, our playgrounds, our houses of worship—no place is safe from it. It's time to end gun violence. 
From flipping seats to building the first majority-woman state legislature, are growing the momentum that will help Democrats win big in 2020!  
Everyone in America should have a decent, affordable, and safe place to live. We need to tackle our housing crisis head-on—and I'm ready to fight for the big, structural change renting families need.
My plan to rein in Wall Street will hold private equity firms accountable. And I’ll stop federal dollars from going to predatory landlords and lenders with a history of harassing tenants, forcing tenants to live in dangerous or indecent conditions, or redlining our communities.
Finally, I'll fight exploitation by corporate landlords. Private equity firms have become some of our country’s biggest landlords—snatching up properties, raising rents, evicting tenants, and spending millions lobbying against tenant protection legislation.
We must invest in safe, healthy, and green public housing. I’ll push for investments in new public housing construction. And I’ll fight to close the repair backlog, expand disability accessibility, and for 1:1 replacement of any units that have to be removed or demolished.
Next, we'll tackle skyrocketing rent costs. My administration will stop states from preempting local tenant protection laws, including rent control, by denying access to billions of dollars in federal grants to states who maintain those laws.
I’ll work to secure tenants’ rights nationwide. And I’ll also push to create a new Tenant Protection Bureau—modeled after the CFPB—to enforce tenants’ rights, take on bad actors, and make sure landlords keep affordable housing within reach for working families.
My plan starts with protecting and upholding the rights of tenants. Landlords shouldn’t be able to arbitrarily push families out of their communities to make an extra buck, or because of thinly-veiled racism and discrimination.
Stagnant wages, sky-rocketing rents, and a stark shortage of affordable options are squeezing America's renting households. Gentrification is displacing communities of color, landlords are exploiting their power over tenants, and Wall Street is snapping up apartment complexes.
My housing plan will invest $500 billion into building, preserving, and restoring more than 3 million units and create 1.5 million jobs. Today, I'm expanding on those efforts with my plan to protect and empower renters. 
My plan to pay for  will cover everyone, cost less, and put $11 trillion back in the pockets of American families. And no family will ever go broke because of health care costs again.
I'm not afraid to fight for the big, structural change we need—and I know North Las Vegas isn't afraid, either! 
I'm proud to stand alongside the dedicated activists, survivors, and family members fighting gun violence in Nevada. Together, we can tackle corruption in Washington and end gun violence. 
If we want to make big, structural change, we need to keep growing Will you donate $3 or more to our campaign? With less than 90 days until the Iowa caucuses, this is an important moment for our grassroots movement. 
Thank you, Cedar Rapids! I know that if we dream big and fight hard, we can win. 
Traffic violence kills thousands and injures even more Americans every year. On World Day of Remembrance for Traffic Crash Victims, I'm sending my love to the families and friends of those who have lost loved ones. It's time to 
Trump's tax cut was always just another giveaway for his rich buddies and wealthy donors—and it's working exactly as it‘s supposed to. It's corruption, plain and simple. 
You're probably paying more in federal income taxes than a bunch of big American corporations that make billions of dollars. It's obscene. These companies love to wave the American flag, but they won’t pitch in a dime to support the investments we make. 
The billionaires can whine all they want. That won’t stop us from fighting for big, structural change to make our economy work for the people.
We hear a lot of crying from billionaires about my  that will make them slightly less outrageously wealthy. I want to hear more from the families whose lives would be transformed by universal child care and student loan debt cancellation. 
The Chinese government’s cruel, bigoted treatment of Muslims and ethnic minorities is a horrifying human rights violation.We must stand up to hatred and extremism at home—and around the world. 
Saturday walk with my guy. 
 Today laid out a plan to get 100 million ppl onto Medicare in first 100 days, via exec action ; 51-vote reconciliat…
Unfortunately, is one of many whose work has been threatened by a private equity firm. They're gobbling up more and more of our economy, costing jobs and crushing entire industries. It's time to rein in private equity firms—and I've got a plan for that. 
Google bought small competitors in order to consolidate their power—and now, they're abusing it. No company should have this much power. It's time to  
I’ve heard there are some billionaires who don’t support my two-cent wealth tax. If they want to cry about paying their fair share, we’ve got the perfect mug for them. Head to the Official Warren for President shop now to get your very own “Billionaire Tears” mug.
I’ve heard there are some billionaires who don’t support my two-cent wealth tax. If they want to cry about paying their fair share, we’ve got the perfect mug for them. Head to the Official Warren for President shop now to get your very own “Billionaire Tears” mug.
Both Chad Wolf and Ken Cuccinelli have helped Donald Trump enact his cruel immigration agenda. Neither of them should have been promoted. I'll undo the cruel policies they've implemented and fight for humane immigration reform that reflects our values. 
No more rationing insulin. No more cutting pills. No more going without. On day one as president, I'll immediately act to lower the cost of prescription drugs. And by the end of my first term, we'll move to fully transition to   
Harvoni is described as a "miracle" drug, but it's $94,500-per-treatment price tag leaves 85% of the more than 3 million Americans living with Hepatitis C unable to use it, while taxpayers foot a $3.8 billion bill. 
Truvada’s manufacturer, Gilead, relied on $50 million in federal grants to develop it, but today they rake in multi-billion dollar profits while Americans struggle to afford it. Only a fraction of patients benefit from it, thanks to its hefty $2,000-a-month price tag. 
Humira is used by millions of patients around the world to treat diseases like arthritis, psoriasis, and Crohn’s disease. But its manufacturer, AbbVie, doubled its price—and used blatantly anti-competitive behavior to prevent a competitor from entering the market. 
Health officials agree that naloxone is critical to curbing the opioid epidemic, and it can be as cheap as 5¢ a dose. But one company spiked the price of their product by over 550% to “capitalize on the opportunity” of the opioid crisis. 
EpiPens deliver life-saving doses of epinephrine, a drug that reverses severe allergic reactions to things like peanuts and bee stings. In 2016, EpiPens’ manufacturer jacked up prices by 400%, leaving families unable to afford this life-saving medication. 
Insulin was discovered nearly 100 years ago as a treatment for diabetes. But three drug companies dominated the market and jacked up prices. Now, Americans with diabetes are rationing their insulin—and taxpayers are spending billions on it through Medicare and Medicaid. 
Prescription drug companies' obscene price gouging is leaving patients without access to lifesaving medical treatments. I've got a plan to lower costs on several key drugs that millions rely on. Here are just a few examples.
Donald Trump is hollowing out our State Department and undermining our ambassadors—putting our diplomacy efforts in grave danger. We'll need to rebuild our State Department, and I have a plan for that. 
I'm going to fight my heart out for  here's how I'll get us there in my first term. 
37 million Americans didn't fill a prescription last year because of costs. Within my first 100 days as president, I will act to lower the cost of essential medications like insulin, EpiPens, and naloxone. 
  union president Lee Saunders, in statement, says Warren's Medicare for All proposal "is on the right track - esp…
 I am just getting into the text of Senator  plan. So far, I am very impressed. 
  transition plan reaffirms her commitment to the four-year transitio…
Millions of Americans will experience the full benefits of a  option and see how it compares to high-priced coverage and fighting their insurance company tooth and nail. And when we move to complete the transition to  the choice will be clear.
And I'll give every American over the age of 50 the choice to enter into a substantially improved Medicare program.
This option will include all of the health care benefits of  including primary and preventive services, pediatric care, emergency services and transportation, vision, dental, audio, long-term care, mental health and substance use, and physical therapy.
In my first 100 days, I'll fight to create a true  option that will be immediately free for millions of  Americans, including children under the age of 18 and families making at or below 200% of the federal poverty level. 
 Thank you, You've been doing incredible work in the House and have kept the momentum moving forward. I’m honored to keep working alongside you for 
 We just had a baby, so I haven’t been able to write a full piece about this. But here is what I like the most about
No one should have to ration their medication or skip filling it because of the cost. As president, I will act immediately to lower the cost of prescription drugs—and I'll fight my heart out for  
I hope I'll see you at Clark Atlanta University on November 21!
 This is a great plan from I'm glad she’s addressed the transition issues including the fears raised about the lo…
This is how Wall Street's corrupt grip on Washington will end. Not with a bang, but with the tears of some sad billionaires—who will still be unimaginably rich, but will have paid their fair share so America could cancel student loan debt, have universal child care, and more.
Billionaires like Blankfein can say whatever they want, but I've spent my career holding big banks accountable and fighting for working families—and I'm going to keep building a movement to make America work for working families.
One of the billionaires who's so upset with me is Lloyd Blankfein. He ran Goldman Sachs while it misled its own clients in order to turn a profit, which helped create the 2008 crash. His bank then took billions in backdoor taxpayer bailouts, and no one was held accountable.
On Thursday, my campaign started airing an ad about my  Now, some of the scared billionaires who oppose it are going on TV and tweeting their complaints. It clearly struck a nerve. But we need this tax to help working families—so we’re increasing our ad buy.
⬇️Lower the Medicare age to 50🇺🇸Let every American join a Medicare for All option💊Lower the cost of lifesaving drugs like insulin🚫Crack down on corruption and rein in insurance and pharma companiesThat's how we get to  in 4 years. Sign on to join the fight.
I've spent a lifetime studying why families go broke—and the number one reason is health care costs. That's why I'll fight my heart out for  Here's how we get there. 
⬇️Lower the Medicare age to 50🇺🇸Let every American join a Medicare for All option💊Lower the cost of lifesaving drugs like insulin🚫Crack down on corruption and rein in insurance and pharma companiesThat's how we get to  in 4 years. Sign on to join the fight.
⬇️Lower the Medicare age to 50🇺🇸Let every American join a Medicare for All option💊Lower the cost of lifesaving drugs like insulin🚫Crack down on corruption and rein in insurance and pharma companiesThat's how we get to  in 4 years. Sign on to join the fight.
I’ll fight my heart out at each step of this process, for one simple reason: No one should ever die or go bankrupt because of health care costs. And when I’m president of the United States, I’ll do everything in my power to make sure that never happens to another person again.
Any candidate who believes modest reforms will avoid the wrath of industry is not paying attention. So why not dream big and fight hard for the plan that will cover everyone and provide the best care at the lowest cost?
The health care industry spent $4.7 billion over the past decade on lobbying. Let's not kid ourselves—every Democratic plan for expanding health care, big or small, is going to be drowned in money to make sure nothing ever happens.
At each step of my plan, millions more Americans will pay lower costs for care and see the quality of their coverage improve. And millions more Americans will be able to ditch their private insurance and enter a high-quality  plan.
By the end of my third year, I’ll fight to pass legislation to complete the transition to  Once millions have experienced the full benefits of a  option and compared it to the corrupt and wasteful system we have today, the people will demand it.
We will continue to move forward on health care throughout my term, including by investing $100B in breakthrough medical research and by creating a new drug development institute at the NIH.
I’ll also let anyone over the age of 50 join the existing Medicare program—and I'll improve its benefits and reduce its costs for everyone.
This  option will be open to everyone and includes all the health care benefits of  It will be immediately free for nearly half of all Americans, including all children under 18 and anyone with income at or below 200% of the federal poverty level.
Next, in my first 100 days, I’ll use the same process Mitch McConnell used to try and kill the ACA to bypass the filibuster and create a true  option—more generous than one proposed by any other campaign—to begin the transition to 
First, I’ll act immediately as president to lower the costs of critical drugs—including specific drugs that millions of Americans currently rely on, like insulin and EpiPens. And I'll crack down on corruption to rein in health insurers and drug companies.
As president, I’ll reverse Donald Trump’s efforts to sabotage the Affordable Care Act and will protect people with pre-existing conditions. And in my first 100 days, I’ll take executive and legislative action to reduce health care costs and improve coverage.
Today, I'm sharing my plan to transition to  In my first term, we will reverse Trump’s sabotage of the ACA, lower drug prices, lower the Medicare age to 50 and create a true Medicare for All option—and fully transition to  
Algorithms are only as good as the data that gets packed into them, which means discriminatory biases just keep getting perpetuated. It's not on the women who've been discriminated against to fix the problem—it's on Goldman Sachs. 
 Congratulations Ady, Rachael, and big brother Carl on welcoming baby Willow into your beautiful and courageous family! Bruce and I are sending you all of our love.
I’ve heard there are some billionaires who don’t support my two-cent wealth tax. If they want to cry about paying their fair share, we’ve got the perfect mug for them. Head to the Official Warren for President shop now to get your very own “BIllionaire Tears” mug.
I’ve heard there are some billionaires who don’t support my two-cent wealth tax. If they want to cry about paying their fair share, we’ve got the perfect mug for them. Head to the Official Warren for President shop now to get your very own “BIllionaire Tears” mug.
I’ve heard there are some billionaires who don’t support my two-cent wealth tax. If they want to cry about paying their fair share, we’ve got the perfect mug for them. Head to the Official Warren for President shop now to get your very own “Billionaire Tears” mug.
Alexis Crawford was an incredible woman with a bright future ahead of her. Black women and girls, especially black trans women, face disproportionately higher rates of violence and homicide, often with impunity. This must stop. 
Gun violence is a public health crisis, and we need to start treating it like one. 
 Congratulations and you both my love!
I’m fighting Big Money by funding my campaign differently. Other candidates might attend fancy fundraisers and take checks from PACs, but I’m only accepting grassroots donations. Will you chip in now? Together, we can change the way campaigns are funded. 
Red tide devastated Florida for sixteen months and now it’s back—killing fish and causing beaches to “smell like death.”I am fighting for a  so that our beaches stay safe. 
“I'm impressed that Senator Elizabeth Warren's campaign reached out to me to independently review her proposed financing plan for the program. Her numbers add up and her plan fully finances the program without imposing any new taxes on middle-class families.”
It’s been one year since the Women’s Wave! In honor of the anniversary, we’re giving away limited edition signed posters! Sign up to be entered to win.
It’s been one year since the Women’s Wave! In honor of the anniversary, we’re giving away limited edition signed posters! Sign up to be entered to win.
From sponsoring fancy dinners to spending millions of dollars on lobbying, the wealthy and well-connected are able to make Washington work for them at the expense of everyone else. It's time to root out corruption in Washington. I've got a plan for that. 
Facebook is spending millions lobbying the government as they face antitrust scrutiny. They're going on a charm offensive with Republican lawmakers. Now, they're sponsoring a dinner headlined by Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh. Let's call this what it is: Corruption. 
I’ve heard there are some billionaires who don’t support my two-cent wealth tax. If they want to cry about paying their fair share, we’ve got the perfect mug for them. Head to the Official Warren for President shop now to get your very own “BIllionaire Tears” mug.
In November 2019, billionaire Leon Cooperman was brought to tears on live television while discussing the prospect that, as president, Elizabeth Warren might require him to pay his fair share in taxes. Our response? We’ve got a mug for that. Head to the shop now to get yours!
I’ve heard there are some billionaires who don’t support my two-cent wealth tax. If they want to cry about paying their fair share, we’ve got the perfect mug for them. Head to the Official Warren for President shop now to get your very own “BIllionaire Tears” mug.
In November 2019, billionaire Leon Cooperman was brought to tears on live television while discussing the prospect that, as president, Elizabeth Warren might require him to pay his fair share in taxes. Our response? We’ve got a mug for that. Head to the shop now to get yours!
I’ve heard there are some billionaires who don’t support my two-cent wealth tax. If they want to cry about paying their fair share, we’ve got the perfect mug for them. Head to the Official Warren for President shop now to get your very own “BIllionaire Tears” mug.
In November 2019, billionaire Leon Cooperman was brought to tears on live television while discussing the prospect that, as president, Elizabeth Warren might require him to pay his fair share in taxes. Our response? We’ve got a mug for that. Head to the shop now to get yours!
 We wanted to share this message of solidarity sent to  strikers and the brave women standing up against…
 Earlier this month, came out with her plan to pay for Medicare for All. Warren’s  plan guarantees health…
 Thank you for your courage and your dedication, Together, we can root out corruption in Washington, end gun violence, and ensure that everyone can live safe and free.
I welcome the Gaza ceasefire. Dozens were killed in Gaza, and hundreds of rockets fired at Israel. We must work to end rocket attacks on Israel, eliminate the Gaza blockade, and solve the humanitarian crisis so that all Israelis and Palestinians live in security and freedom.
It’s been one year since the Women’s Wave! In honor of the anniversary, we’re giving away limited edition signed posters! Sign up to be entered to win.
It’s been one year since the Women’s Wave! In honor of the anniversary, we’re giving away limited edition signed posters! Sign up to be entered to win.
I'm heartsick for the victims of this horrifying shooting and their families. We shouldn't have to live like this. Students shouldn't live in fear when they go to school.We must act now to end gun violence. 
I’ve heard there are some billionaires who don’t support my two-cent wealth tax — but this movement isn't about them. If you’re with me, join us by making a donation today. Even $3 helps us get a wealth tax — and more — done.
I’ve heard there are some billionaires who don’t support my two-cent wealth tax — but this movement isn't about them. If you’re with me, join us by making a donation today. Even $3 helps us get a wealth tax — and more — done.
Maybe if I were sticking $3 trillion under a mattress. But I'm not. I'm using it for:✅ Universal Child Care✅ Canceling student loan debt for 95% of those who have it✅ Investing in public K-12 schoolsWhich will grow the economy and provide economic security for families! 
These proposed changes to Puerto Rico's Civil Code are appalling, and would dramatically roll back LGBTQ+ rights. I stand with Puerto Rico's LGBTQ+ activists fighting for their right to live and love freely. 
I knew Mark Zandi was skeptical, so I had him check the numbers on my plan to pay for  He confirmed they add up. 
 By popular demand:
 "Corporate perjury" seems like a good phrase to denote what Exxon et al have been up to--and it seems like we should inde…
Other campaigns run on fancy, closed-door fundraisers, but you won’t see me doing that. Our campaign isn’t powered by the wealthy and well-connected—it’s powered by donors like you: 
I got my degree thanks to a quality public college where tuition was just $50 a semester. That kind of opportunity doesn't exist for students today. I'm fighting for universal free public two year, four year, and technical college so that every student can live their dream. 
Separating parents and children and detaining families is cruel, unnecessary, and traumatizing. My administration will end unnecessary detention and welcome asylum seekers. 
Some billionaires don’t like my  I’m shocked. 
Registered apprenticeships give workers the opportunity to get good-paying union jobs, and ensure we have the best workers building our infrastructure. The Trump administration misused funds meant for this program, but we'll fight to protect these apprenticeships. 
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
We are officially on the ballot in New Hampshire! Let's keep up the momentum for big, structural change—follow to learn about our upcoming events and how you can volunteer. 
The Sandy Hook community organized against the gun lobby and won a major victory in their fight to hold them accountable. Now let's keep fighting to end gun violence. 
The student loan debt crisis is disproportionately burdening Black students. I have a plan to cancel student loan debt and help close the racial wealth gap. 
We need to strengthen the Code of Conduct for all federal judges, and extend it to Supreme Court Justices. I've got a plan for that. 
Let's be clear: This is a callous attempt to create more barriers for immigrants and asylum seekers. I'll overturn Trump's discriminatory policies, expand legal immigration, and welcome more asylum seekers. 
The American people deserve to know the truth. And it's time to show Trump that no one is above the law—not even the president of the United States.
The Mueller report made it clear that Donald Trump repeatedly obstructed justice. Many reports have shown he is abusing diplomatic relationships for his own political gain. Now, it's time for the public to see the evidence the House has gathered in these public hearings.
2020 is our moment in history. It’s our time to dream big, fight hard, and win. But we can only do it together!If you chip in to our campaign now—$15, $5, heck, even $1—I’ll be grateful down to my toes. 
I stand with the Little Rock teachers making their voices heard for collective bargaining rights. We should be strengthening the voices of teachers in our public schools. 
  -- and has a plan to make them pay. 
I’m grateful down to my toes for your support. I don’t take it lightly— and I’ll continue to fight alongside you to make big, structural change. 
Redlining often pushed people of color into neighborhoods that were vulnerable to climate change or faced more pollution risks. When we fight for environmental justice, we're also fighting for economic justice.  
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become a South Carolina volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us!
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become a South Carolina volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us!
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become a Nevada volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us!
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become a Nevada volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us!
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an New Hampshire volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us!
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an New Hampshire volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us!
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us!
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us!
 It’s no wonder women’s issues aren’t being taken seriously in state legislatures. According to women only make…
If we want to make big, structural change, we need great candidates running up and down the ballot. And we need to show the next generation that they can run—and win. On  learn more about how you can run for office!  
See you soon, Nevada! 
Bruce and I are sending our best wishes to our Sikh friends celebrating the 550th anniversary of the birth of the first Sikh Guru, Guru Nanak Dev Ji, and his teachings of gender equality, racial equality, and religious tolerance for all.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become a South Carolina volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become a South Carolina volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become a South Carolina volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become a South Carolina volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become a South Carolina volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become a South Carolina volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become a Nevada volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become a Nevada volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become a Nevada volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become a Nevada volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become a Nevada volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become a Nevada volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an New Hampshire volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an New Hampshire volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an New Hampshire volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an New Hampshire volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an New Hampshire volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an New Hampshire volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Under my plan to pay for  we'll put that $11 trillion back in the pockets of American families—while covering everyone. 
Are you ready to roll up your sleeves and help us make big, structural change? Then take the next step and become an Iowa volunteer for Team Warren today!We’re building a grassroots movement across the country, and we’re looking for people like you to join us.
Thank you to all of the brave protesters who showed up and raised their voices outside of the Supreme Court this morning.  and we'll keep fighting for DACA recipients all the way. 
A thinner and thinner slice of the top has taken a massive amount of wealth while America’s middle class has been hollowed out. We need a  we need big, structural change so that our economy and our government works for everyone. 
After Sandra Pezqueda was fired for reporting sexual harassment at workers pushed for a measure to guarantee basic safety. Terranea spent $1 million to defeat it. I stand with Sandra and the workers—this fight isn't over. 
My plan prevents companies like Exxon from using industry-funded fake research to mislead federal regulators and strike down regulations in court. And if they knowingly lie, we'll treat them the same way the law treats anyone who lies in court—by prosecuting them for perjury.
Industry players and their allies also knowingly submit false and misleading information to regulatory agencies, giving right-wing judges the chance to later use their junk science as an excuse to invalidate regulations.
Exxon’s scientists knew that climate change was real decades ago. They could've shared their science with the public. Instead, they and the fossil fuel industry launched a decades-long campaign to cover up the facts and deceive government regulators and the American people.
It’s illegal to lie to Congress, to a court, and even to your shareholders. It should also be illegal for Exxon and other giant corporations to lie to federal regulators. I've got a plan for that. 
I called Chad, a WWII veteran who cast his first vote while serving abroad for President Franklin D. Roosevelt. He's committed to fighting for big, structural change again. 
 "My military service showed me that Democrats stand up for our education benefits, jobs and mental health.” On 
 Personal view: The alignment of  plans with her other detailed policy proposals to benefit a…
Grateful for your service, Together, I know we’ll make a big difference for service members, veterans, and their families. 
We must honor the promises we've made to service members, veterans, and military families.  
It's time to put power back in the hands of the people. I'm proud to fight alongside Ayanna Pressley for the big, structural change that we need. Join our fight by signing up today.
It's time to put power back in the hands of the people. I'm proud to fight alongside Ayanna Pressley for the big, structural change that we need. Join our fight by signing up today.
It's time to put power back in the hands of the people. I'm proud to fight alongside Ayanna Pressley for the big, structural change that we need. Join our fight by signing up today.
It's time to put power in the hands of the people. I'm proud to fight alongside Ayanna Pressley for the big, structural change that we need. Chip in now to join our fight for the big, structural change that we need.
It's time to put power in the hands of the people. I'm proud to fight alongside Ayanna Pressley for the big, structural change that we need. Chip in now to join our fight for the big, structural change that we need.
It's time to put power in the hands of the people. I'm proud to fight alongside Ayanna Pressley for the big, structural change that we need. Chip in now to join our fight for the big, structural change that we need.
Si eres beneficiario de DACA y se vence en menos de un año, toma acción hoy para renovar tu DACA. Puedes encontrar ayuda en  y  para residentes de CA. Si estás cerca de Washington D.C., únete mañana frente a la Corte Suprema.
Nuestro país le hizo una promesa a más de 700,000 personas de poder ir a la universidad, trabajar, y cuidar a sus familias, sin tener miedo de ser deportados. Donald Trump rompió esa promesa. Pero estamos alzando nuestra voz y luchando para defender DACA.  
 It’s an honor to be here ; share this moment with some of the staff including Jossie, Max, Maria and Erica.…
If you're a DACA recipient and your DACA is expiring in less than a year, take action today. Help is available at  and for CA residents at  And if you're near DC, join the rally outside the Supreme Court tomorrow.
Our country made a promise to over 700,000 people that they could go to school, go to work, and take care of their families—safe from deportation. Donald Trump broke that promise. But we're raising our voices and fighting back. 
On  we honor our veterans and thank them for their service. But we have to back our platitudes with meaningful action and policies that support our military both during and after service—not just today, but every day. 
All three of my brothers served in the military, so I know the responsibility we have to our veterans, and the unique burdens that military families carry. On  I'm thinking of all our veterans and their families. I'm grateful for your service. 
I’ve spent my career studying why so many hard-working middle-class families are going broke. The number one reason? Health care costs. Even with insurance, families are being crushed by deductibles, copays, and surprise bills. We need  
Let’s be clear: When private equity firms acquire companies, suck out all the value they can, and walk away rich—leaving workers, their families, and their communities suffering with the consequences—it’s legalized looting. I have a plan to end it. 
 My grandfather went to war to defend democracy. He trained at Camp Hale, fought in the Pacific, served through Korea,…
 Here is actual wealth tax plan which makes so much sense. With homelessness, poverty, mental health issues, overall healt…
There is a long history of mistakes in capital punishment, especially when it comes to Black and Brown people. Rodney Reed's execution should be halted—and it's time to end the death penalty for good. 
Well-connected billionaires are given plenty of space to complain about my  Let's give more space to the stories of working-class and middle-class families whose lives would be transformed by Universal Child Care and free public college. 
 I'll be making more calls to grassroots donors soon! Chip in whatever you can now, and you could get a call from me to say thank you. We can only do this together: 
Small-dollar donation by small-dollar donation, grassroots donors are powering our campaign. I'm grateful for everyone who chips in what they can to our campaign, and grateful that was able to give some of you a call to say thanks! Me, you, Jonathan—we're in this together. 
My daddy couldn’t work after his heart attack. We lost the family station wagon, and we nearly lost the house. But my mother got a minimum wage job at Sears that saved our house.Today, a minimum wage job can’t support a family of three. I'm fighting so every family can succeed. 
Thank you to everyone who came out to our Goose Creek town hall, and thank you to everyone who stayed for the photo line!South Carolina is ready for the big, structural change we’re fighting for together. 
When I set up the CFPB, I made protecting service members and veterans from scams and predatory lenders a priority.As president, I'll strengthen the CFPB to protect our military families. They shouldn't have to worry about their families while they're protecting our country. 
Our campaign is by the people, for the people—and we’re growing one small-dollar donation at a time! I was glad that called some grassroots donors to say thank you this week. Here he is, talking to Lauren! 
It’s been one year since the Women’s Wave! In honor of the anniversary, we’re giving away limited edition signed posters! Donate any amount to be automatically entered to win.
It’s been one year since the Women’s Wave! In honor of the anniversary, we’re giving away limited edition signed posters! Donate any amount to be automatically entered to win.
Generation after generation, communities of color have been devastated by environmental racism. At last night’s  I spoke about how my environmental justice plan will lift up the Black and Brown families who have been left behind. 
It’s been one year since the Women’s Wave! In honor of the anniversary, we’re giving away limited edition signed posters! Donate any amount to be automatically entered to win.
It’s been one year since the Women’s Wave! In honor of the anniversary, we’re giving away limited edition signed posters! Donate any amount to be automatically entered to win.
Fortunately, they can both use my calculator to find out exactly how much they’d have to chip in under my  
One billionaire calls another billionaire and asks him to run for president—I'm shocked! Here's the deal: Companies like Amazon have too much power, and billionaires like and should pitch in so that everyone can succeed. 
It is disgraceful and dangerous that Republicans are holding up the VAWA reauthorization to allow those convicted of stalking to keep their guns.Domestic violence and gun violence are deeply connected—we need to keep guns out of the hands of abusers.
Journalists do important work under increasingly difficult circumstances—from private equity takeovers to attacks from Trump. I'll always stand with workers and unions like fighting for their rights. We must protect the right to join a union and strengthen union voices.
 and I are fighting for big, structural change—and that includes building a future in which women always have a seat at the table, and young girls see themselves represented in our government. 
30 years ago, Berliners came together to tear down the wall that had divided their city. We are still inspired today by their brave protest and pursuit of freedom and unity—and we recommit ourselves to a Europe that is united, democratic, and at peace.
Apparently, a few billionaires don't like my  But here's the deal—if you made it big, you should chip in two cents to make sure that everyone else can make it, too. 
Coopermans support candidates who will fight for people like them—and I've got a lot more Coopermans on my side. 
It's time to put power in the hands of the people. Grateful my friend could join me in North Carolina as we fight for big, structural change! 
Congratulations to everyone who had their right to vote restored today! Now, let’s keep fighting to protect our fundamental right to vote.  
One year ago this week, women were elected to office in record numbers. One year from today, we’ll have a chance to make history again. If we want to make big, structural change, we need to elect another wave of women up and down the ballot. 
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
Fighting for the  is the right thing to do. When Democrats aren’t afraid to fight for big ideas—we win. 
It’s time to build an America that recognizes the role that Black women play in their families and in the economy, that fairly values their work, and that delivers equal opportunity for everyone.
“Sen. Elizabeth Warren announced a sweeping package of proposals that would tackle higher ed’s biggest issues, including the woeful, historic underfunding of America’s historically black colleges and institutions.”
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
It’s not enough to make sure every American can graduate from a public college debt-free. We also need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves lower-income families and communities of color.
“Elizabeth Warren’s new student-loan forgiveness plan includes specific policies that would help black and Latino students, two groups that tend to carry disproportionately high levels of educational debt.”
“Warren intends to create a fund of at least $50 billion for HBCUs, as well as making federal funding available to states that ‘demonstrate substantial improvement in enrollment and graduation rates for lower-income students and students of color.’”
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. It’s long past time for us to reform our criminal justice system.
“Senator Elizabeth Warren is not only introducing legislation for criminal justice reform, but she’s also hearing the needs directly from advocates fighting to change the system.”
Good. The status quo is working great for the wealthy and the well-connected, but not so much for everyone else. Big, structural change is coming—and I’m not afraid to fight for it. 
I’m still waiting. Voters have a right to know who is buying access and recognition with the possible future leaders of our party—and how much it costs. We can talk all we want about how to get big money out of politics, but nothing will change unless we start leading the way.
Last month, I called on every candidate in this race to disclose any donor or fundraiser who has a special title on their campaign, and to disclose the dates and locations of their fundraising events and the names of every person who appears on their host committees.
I'm running a grassroots campaign. I don't take money from federal lobbyists or PACs, and I don't take contributions over $200 from fossil fuel, Big Pharma, Big Banks, or Big Tech executives. And I’m not doing call time with wealthy donors or giving them special access.
 I loved reading your father’s letter, Michelle. Thank you both so much for being part of our movement—stay strong out there!
 and I both know what it's like to watch our families come close to skidding off a financial cliff. It's time to make sure our government works for families again. I'm proud to be fighting alongside her for big, structural change. 
The wealthy and well-connected will always have each other's backs. We're building a movement to change that. We're building a movement for big, structural change. 
We make many kinds of promises—promises to ourselves, to others, and promises for our future. When I make a pinkie promise with young girls, we promise to run for office, to help elect more women, and to build a future in which women always have a seat at the table. 
LGBTQ+ people need and deserve equitable, gender-affirming, and culturally-competent health care, no matter where they live. And I've got a plan for that. 
I'm glad that Mark is finally getting his wheelchair—but no one should have to publicly shame an insurance company to get the care they need. We need  
See you soon, Atlanta! 
Grateful for the opportunity to be part of  at today. My friend led our conversation about the big, structural change we must make to level the playing field for every Black family in our country. Thanks for having me, 
Bruce and I had the opportunity to visit the Woolworth's Lunch Counter at the International Civil Rights Center and Museum in Greensboro.Courageous young activists ignited a movement against segregation. Now it's our responsibility to carry on their fight for racial justice. 
The wealthy and the well-connected can get all the airtime they want to complain about my  we've got the power of a movement. So share your stories about what child care, good public schools, and universal free college would mean for you.
And this calculator can show you how much of your student loan debt would be cancelled under my plan: 
And yeah, we've got calculators for those plans too! See how much you could save on child care under my plan for universal child care: 
—Universal child care—Invest in public K-12 schools—Cancel student loan debt—Universal free public college and technical schoolsThis would make a real, tangible difference in the lives of millions of American families.
Billionaires get so much airtime to talk about how they don't want to pay more taxes. Instead, let’s talk about what a  would mean for middle-class and working-class families. 
My heart goes out to family and friends. He was thoughtful, intentional, and compassionate, and my entire team and I are deeply saddened by his passing.
It's time to put power in the hands of the people. and I are fighting for the big, structural change that our country needs. 
The wealthy and well-connected are scared that, under a Warren presidency, they would no longer have a government that caters to their every need. So they’re doing everything they can to try to stop our grassroots movement from winning. Chip in now to fight back.
The wealthy and well-connected are scared that, under a Warren presidency, they would no longer have a government that caters to their every need. So they’re doing everything they can to try to stop our grassroots movement from winning. Chip in now to fight back.
The wealthy and well-connected are scared that, under a Warren presidency, they would no longer have a government that caters to their every need. So they’re doing everything they can to try to stop our grassroots movement from winning. Chip in now to fight back.
Welcome to the race, If you're looking for policy plans that will make a huge difference for working people and which are very popular, start here: 
The time for small ideas is over.We need big ideas that can fix the big challenges that we face.We need big ideas that can inspire people.We need big ideas that will bring people out to vote. And we need someone willing to fight for those big ideas.
I stand with the sanitation drivers on strike. They deserve a living wage, and Republic Services must negotiate with them in good faith.
 Better care for veterans is an issue I've been proud to champion since I was first elected to Congress. Thank you,
Many of these workers have gone without a raise for nearly a decade while getting squeezed by rising health insurance costs. I stand with and who are going on strike to demand fair wages, good health care, and labor protections. 
 As points out, building the most effective Democratic coalition will require the capacity of groups like
Some billionaires seem confused about how much they would pay under my  Don’t worry, we've got a calculator for that, too. The bottom line: If you made it big, you should chip in to make sure everyone else also has a chance to succeed: 
Thank you, Black trans and cis women, gender-nonconforming, and nonbinary people are the backbone of our democracy and I don’t take this endorsement lightly. I'm committed to fighting alongside you for the big, structural change our country needs. 
 and merger will stifle competition, costing thousands of jobs, reducing wages, and giving consumers fewer options. We need a government willing to stand up to these monopolies and protect consumers. 
Far too many of our veterans and service members die by suicide. Every single one is a tragedy that could have been prevented. I've got a plan to cut the number of veteran suicides in half in my first term.  
While millions of McDonald’s workers are living paycheck to paycheck, their fired CEO gets to leave with millions of dollars in his pocket. The economy is working great for a thinner and thinner slice at the top. We need big, structural change. 
We aren't going to get farmers the resources they need or challenge the stigma around mental health and suicide if Republicans refuse to confront the problem. Farmers need action—now. 
My family lived on the ragged edge of the middle-class. When my daddy had a heart attack, it nearly sent us over a financial cliff. Today, the cost of health care is the number one reason why families go broke. No more. We need  
I'm always happy to meet with people, even if we have different views. if we get the chance, I'd love to explain exactly how much you'd pay under my wealth tax. (I promise it's not $100 billion.) 
I miss my friend Elijah, but I'll always carry the most important lesson he taught me: Keep fighting from the heart—because it’s the right fight to have. 
Facebook used their users' data to limit competition and grow their power, all while cynically portraying themselves as acting to protect users' privacy. It's time to  
If we want to make big, structural change, then we need to build a movement from the ground up that can fight for it. I talked with about how we build that movement together.  
 helped Democrats win crucial seats in yesterday's elections, and this work will be key to helping elect even more Democrats up and down the ballot in 2020. 
Congratulations to on winning her election to the Philadelphia City Council! Her passion and commitment will make real change for Philadelphia’s working families.
 Next up on the  Podcast is Sen. In our fourth episode, she discusses  and how we nee…
When I was a young mom, child care nearly knocked me off track. My Aunt Bee saved me, but not every family has an Aunt Bee who can step in. I remember the stress and fear I felt. That's why I'm fighting to build a future in which every young family has a chance to succeed. 
The Veterans Health Administration has pioneered innovations in medical care and provides high-quality, evidence-based, culturally competent programs that our veterans rely on. I won't let it be privatized. I've got a plan to invest in it. 
Big banks are funding fossil fuel investments and shifting the costs of their pollution onto the rest of us. I’ll make this simple: under my plan, that stops. Click here to read my plan to hold the big banks accountable for their role in the climate crisis.
I’ve got a plan to create good new jobs through investments in a clean economy and ensure the strongest possible protections for workers. As president, I will fight for your job, your family, and your community like I would my own. Click here to learn more.
People in underserved communities disproportionately suffer from certain cancers and other pollution-related illnesses. Under Medicare for All, everyone will have high quality health care at a lower cost. Click here to learn more about my plan.
The Green New Deal will deploy trillions of dollars to transform the way we source and use energy. In doing so, the government must prioritize resources to support communities on the front lines of the climate crisis, and correct historic injustices. Click to learn more.
We have a crisis of environmental injustice, and it’s the result of ignoring decades of discrimination and environmental racism in underserved communities. We need big, structural change—focused on, and led by, members of these communities. Click to learn more.
Power belongs in the hands of the people. I'm proud to fight alongside for the big, structural change that we need. 
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
Thank you, I'm proud to be fighting alongside you to put power in the hands of the people. 
No student should have to learn in an environment where there's a threat of incarceration. I've got plans to close the school to prison pipeline and ensure every student has a safe and welcoming place to learn. 
Insurance companies make their profit by refusing coverage. We need  because no one’s health care should depend on whether they can shame an insurance company. 
Congratulations to on winning re-election! I admire your dedication to the people of your district, and am inspired by your commitment to making infrastructure a priority in Virginia.
 is a powerful advocate for gun violence prevention—and I know he’ll continue to bring that fight to the House of Delegates and keep advocating for working families. Congratulations on your re-election, Chris!
Congratulations to on her historic election as the first Latina and first woman mayor of Tucson, Arizona! Regina is a champion for our environment and working families—and I'm looking forward to the big, structural change she'll bring to her community.
I’m glad to see win her seat in the House of Delegates. She will be a real fighter for working families in coastal Virginia—and there’s no need for a hat draw when the people of Virginia vote and make their voices heard! 
Woo-hoo! Congratulations to the people of Virginia for flipping both the state House and state Senate. Voting is what our democracy is all about, and Virginia proved that today as they elected up and down the ballot.  
Iran’s decision to restart enrichment at Fordow is deeply concerning. Before Donald Trump ripped it up, the Iran Deal was working. We must return to serious diplomacy with allies to constrain Iran’s nuclear program and de-escalate the crisis. 
Congratulations on winning your re-election! Manchester needs a mayor who is fighting for working people, and Joyce will keep fighting to make sure they can succeed. 
 is fighting for big, structural change so that New Yorkers’ voices are heard. Make sure to get out and vote tonight by 9 PM, New York!
I was proud to endorse for Philadelphia City Council, and together, she and have built a movement that is putting power in the hands of the people. Philadelphia, get out and vote—if you’re in line by 8 PM, you will be able to vote!
Thank you, The only way we're going to end this climate crisis is with big, structural change. 
Mental health care is a human right. I stand with represented clinicians who are going on strike across California to demand that ensure patients get the mental health care they need.
 ‘If we're going to meet the challenges of our time, we need big ideas’ — to Iowa Democrats 
The fact that they've reacted so strongly—so angrily!—to being asked to chip in more tells you all you need to know. The system is working great for the wealthy and well-connected, and Jamie Dimon doesn't want that to change. I'm going to fight to make sure it works for everyone.
It's really simple: Jamie Dimon and his buddies are successful in part because of the opportunities, workforce, and public services that we all paid for. It's only fair that he and his billionaire friends chip in to make sure everyone else has a chance to succeed. 
It turns out if you're a giant corporation with millions to spend misleading people on your record of accelerating the climate crisis, that's exactly what you can—and probably will—do. 
Twitter's new ad policy will allow fossil fuel companies to buy ads defending themselves and spreading misleading info—but won't allow organizations fighting the climate crisis to buy ads holding those companies accountable. We need accountability. 
All three of my brothers served, so I understand the responsibility we have to honor our promises to our service members and veterans. I've got a plan to invest in the VA—not privatize it. 
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
 While my opponent is trying to eliminate the Public Advocate's office, knows it's so critical that she's prop…
My plan to protect our democracy directly targets this type of racist voting suppression. We will have federal standards to ensure everyone can vote—and where racist or corrupt politicians refuse to follow the law, the federal government will step in. 
This isn't just an inconvenience—long lines and delays prevent people from voting, and it isn't a surprise or secret that racist and corrupt politicians have allowed these problems to suppress the vote in minority communities. 
It's simple:  is the best way to ensure that everyone gets the care they need and that no one ever goes broke because of health care costs. 
By leaving the Paris Climate Agreement, Trump is ceding American leadership and giving away American jobs in the clean energy economy of the future. We should be leading the fight to end the climate crisis—and I've got a plan for that. 
Albuquerque, you've got a chance to vote for an innovative way to move beyond the influence of big money in politics.  and show that bold reforms work—and build momentum for big, structural change!
As Commander-in-Chief, I will lead our armed forces with awareness of the unique challenges service members, veterans, and military families face. I’ll honor our troops by not only executing sound military strategy, but also caring for them after they take off the uniform.
Finally, my administration will invest in the VA and reject attempts to privatize it. Under  veterans will also have the option to get high-quality health care from non-VA doctors and hospitals at no additional cost.
My administration will ease the transition of veterans leaving military service and help prepare them to return to civilian life. We’ll create a seamless transition from the DOD to the VA, eliminate the benefits backlog, and expand career opportunities for our vets.
A Warren administration will protect the rights of LGBTQ+, women, Black, and Latinx service members. I'll reverse Trump's shameful ban on trans service members on Day One. My administration will protect veterans and family members of serving military personnel from deportation.
We must ensure the safety of those who serve or have served in uniform. I'll fight to eliminate military sexual assault, expand mental health services and work to end military and veteran suicide, and treat the opioid and addiction crisis.
Military families are the backbone of our armed forces, but they face unique challenges. I'll prioritize military spouse employment, ensure families have high-quality child care and education, provide safe and affordable housing, and protect wounded warriors and their caregivers.
Our all-volunteer military has struggled to attract and retain sufficient personnel. A Warren administration will preserve best-in-class benefits for military personnel, and ensure we honor our commitments to those who have served.
We can honor our veterans by ending endless wars, reining in our bloated defense budget and reducing the influence of defense contractors at the Pentagon, and bringing our troops home responsibly—and then providing our veterans with the benefits they’ve earned.
This starts with care in how we deploy our forces. Decades of wars have sapped our strength, and the burden has fallen primarily on military personnel and their families. It's not fair to ask them to solve problems that don’t have a military solution.
All three of my brothers served, so I know the responsibility our country has towards military personnel and their families. Today, I'm sharing my plan to honor our promises to our nation’s veterans, service members, military families, and survivors. 
Happy  to all the states holding elections! Today’s our chance to elect Democrats up and down the ballot. Find your polling place at  and head to the polls to make your voice heard—make sure to bring your friends and family!
Our democracy shouldn’t be bought and paid for by the wealthy and powerful. I stand with Seattle council members, activists, and voters who are standing up to Amazon. It's time to get big money out of politics. 
I'm not afraid to fight for the big, structural change we need. Thank you, Grinnell, for being a part of this fight for big ideas! 
I’m grateful for every grassroots donor who keeps our people-powered campaign going. We’re ramping up for the next phase of this campaign—all the way to Iowa—and it’s going to take real resources. Will you chip in now to help keep up the momentum? 
We need to be strengthening our response to climate change—but Trump and his administration are running away from our responsibilities. I'll move to rejoin the Paris Climate Agreement on day one of my presidency. 
Facebook can rebrand all they want but they can’t hide the fact that they are too big and powerful. It’s time to  
I care about an entire generation of students being crushed by student loan debt—deferring their American dream because they can't afford it. I care about making sure every American has the opportunity to succeed. I'm not afraid to stand up to the wealthy and well-connected.
One thing I know he cares about—his fortune. He's a shareholder in Navient, a student loan company that has cheated borrowers and used abusive, misleading tactics. He even went so far as to ask how I might impact his investment in the last earnings call with Navient. 
37 million people didn’t fill a prescription last year.36 million people skipped a recommended test or treatment.40 million people didn’t go to a doctor to check on a health issue.Even with insurance, costs keep people from getting the care they need. We need 
The Trump administration's expanded global gag rule has had catastrophic affects worldwide, leaving millions without access to safe reproductive health care. When I'm president, I'll overturn the global gag rule and protect reproductive health care. 
No one should avoid seeing a doctor because they don’t have insurance—or because the cost, even with insurance, is too high. This is why we need  
Wall Street is scared because the status quo is working great for them—but we know it's not working so great for everyone else. I'm not afraid to fight for a country where everyone can succeed, not just the wealthy and well-connected. 
It shouldn't take a federal court to see Trump's tax returns. I've got a plan to require presidential candidates to release at least eight years of their tax returns—so voters can hold candidates accountable. 
The stories you send me about health care—unaffordable treatments, horrifying debt—break my heart. I’m fighting for you all. If you have a story about health care and what  would mean for you, I want to hear it:  
I'm so glad my friend could join me in Davenport today. Together, we're going to build the movement that will defeat Donald Trump and elect Democrats up and down the ballot! 
2020 is our moment in history—our moment to dream big, fight hard, and win!  
I did my homework, and I got the experts to check my math. My plan to pay for  will ensure everyone has full health coverage and put $11 trillion back in the pockets of American families. Here's how. 
We've got exactly one year left to build the movement that will defeat Donald Trump and elect a wave of Democrats up and down the ticket.If you're ready to fight for big, structural change, sign up to volunteer.  
No more GoFundMe campaigns to pay for health care. No more going bankrupt because of health care costs.No more skipping treatments because of costs.No more rationing insulin. No more choosing between medicine and groceries.We need 
Insurance companies make absurd arguments like this because they make their profit by denying people care. No for-profit insurance company should be able to stop anyone from getting the treatment they need. That's why we need  
Health care and economics experts took a look at my plan to pay for  and agreed—we can cover everyone, give them better coverage, reduce costs, and return $11 trillion to American families.
No premiums. No copays. No deductibles. My plan to pay for  will return $11 trillion to American families. Use my calculator to find out what  would mean for you:  
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see me at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Atlanta. Flights and hotel are on us, and you can bring a friend along too! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can to be automatically entered!
2020 is our time in history.Our time to dream big, fight hard—and win. 
Insurance and drug companies will spend millions in political contributions and disinformation campaigns to keep billions in profits flowing in. The truth is my Medicare for All plan covers everyone and saves families $11 trillion. Sign up today and help fight back.
Insurance and drug companies will spend millions in political contributions and disinformation campaigns to keep billions in profits flowing in. The truth is my Medicare for All plan covers everyone and saves families $11 trillion. Sign up today and help fight back.
Insurance and drug companies will spend millions in political contributions and disinformation campaigns to keep billions in profits flowing in. The truth is my Medicare for All plan covers everyone and saves families $11 trillion. Sign up today and help fight back.
Insurance and drug companies will spend millions in political contributions and disinformation campaigns to keep billions in profits flowing in. The truth is my Medicare for All plan covers everyone and saves families $11 trillion. Sign up today and help fight back.
Insurance and drug companies will spend millions in political contributions and disinformation campaigns to keep billions in profits flowing in. The truth is my Medicare for All plan covers everyone and saves families $11 trillion. Sign up today and help fight back.
Insurance and drug companies will spend millions in political contributions and disinformation campaigns to keep billions in profits flowing in. The truth is my Medicare for All plan covers everyone and saves families $11 trillion. Sign up today and help fight back.
Take it from president of Health Care:  is the only solution that gives everyone good insurance by cutting out waste and inefficiency from the system—so doctors can focus on patients instead of paperwork.
Insurance and drug companies will spend millions in political contributions and disinformation campaigns to keep billion in profits flowing in. The truth is my Medicare for All plan covers everyone and saves the families $11 trillion. Sign up today and help fight back.
Insurance and drug companies will spend millions in political contributions and disinformation campaigns to keep billion in profits flowing in. The truth is my Medicare for All plan covers everyone and saves the families $11 trillion. Sign up today and help fight back.
Insurance and drug companies will spend millions in political contributions and disinformation campaigns to keep billion in profits flowing in. The truth is my Medicare for All plan covers everyone and saves the families $11 trillion. Sign up today and help fight back.
Insurance and drug companies will spend millions in political contributions and disinformation campaigns to keep billion in profits flowing in. The truth is my Medicare for All plan covers everyone and saves the families $11 trillion. Sign up today and help fight back.
Insurance and drug companies will spend millions in political contributions and disinformation campaigns to keep billion in profits flowing in. The truth is my Medicare for All plan covers everyone and saves the families $11 trillion. Sign up today and help fight back.
Insurance and drug companies will spend millions in political contributions and disinformation campaigns to keep billion in profits flowing in. The truth is my Medicare for All plan covers everyone and saves the families $11 trillion. Sign up today and help fight back.
Everyday in America we’re spending millions of dollars on a corrupt health care system that prizes profits over people. Under Medicare for All, that corporate profiteering stops — and families save $11 trillion in health care costs. If you’re with me, sign up today.
Everyday in America we’re spending millions of dollars on a corrupt health care system that prizes profits over people. Under Medicare for All, that corporate profiteering stops — and families save $11 trillion in health care costs. If you’re with me, sign up today.
Everyday in America we’re spending millions of dollars on a corrupt health care system that prizes profits over people. Under Medicare for All, that corporate profiteering stops — and families save $11 trillion in health care costs. If you’re with me, sign up today.
Everyday in America we’re spending millions of dollars on a corrupt health care system that prizes profits over people. Under Medicare for All, that corporate profiteering stops — and families save $11 trillion in health care costs. If you’re with me, sign up today.
Everyday in America we’re spending millions of dollars on a corrupt health care system that prizes profits over people. Under Medicare for All, that corporate profiteering stops — and families save $11 trillion in health care costs. If you’re with me, sign up today.
Everyday in America we’re spending millions of dollars on a corrupt health care system that prizes profits over people. Under Medicare for All, that corporate profiteering stops — and families save $11 trillion in health care costs. If you’re with me, sign up today.
A lot of people have been curious about how I’ll pay for Medicare for All as president. I will never raise taxes on the middle class to pay for this — in fact, my plan gives back $11 trillion in health care costs to families. Sign up today to say you’re with me.
A lot of people have been curious about how I’ll pay for Medicare for All as president. I will never raise taxes on the middle class to pay for this — in fact, my plan gives back $11 trillion in health care costs to families. Sign up today to say you’re with me.
A lot of people have been curious about how I’ll pay for Medicare for All as president. I will never raise taxes on the middle class to pay for this — in fact, my plan gives back $11 trillion in health care costs to families. Sign up today to say you’re with me.
A lot of people have been curious about how I’ll pay for Medicare for All as president. I will never raise taxes on the middle class to pay for this — in fact, my plan gives back $11 trillion in health care costs to families. Sign up today to say you’re with me.
A lot of people have been curious about how I’ll pay for Medicare for All as president. I will never raise taxes on the middle class to pay for this — in fact, my plan gives back $11 trillion in health care costs to families. Sign up today to say you’re with me.
A lot of people have been curious about how I’ll pay for Medicare for All as president. I will never raise taxes on the middle class to pay for this — in fact, my plan gives back $11 trillion in health care costs to families. Sign up today to say you’re with me.
This cruel Trump administration policy harms immigrant families and has no effect on Cuba's government. What we need is a policy that puts humanity and families before politics. I’m thankful to Reps and for leading that effort.
I’m in this fight because I believe every person in this country should have a fighting chance at the American dream—and together, we’re building a grassroots movement to make it happen.Let’s dream big, fight hard, and win in 2020. Thank you,  
Washington is working great for the wealthy and well-connected, but not so great for everyone else. It won't be enough to just nibble around the edges. If we want to root out Washington corruption, we need big, structural change.
Teachers already have one of the most important jobs in our country. They shouldn't have to get a second job just to survive.Teachers need and deserve fair pay—and I've got a plan for that. 
This is disgraceful. We must do everything we can to block this rule—and we must pass the Equality Act to ensure that LGBTQ+ people's rights are explicitly protected by law. 
I stand with Delta employees making their voices heard and organizing to unionize with It should be quick and easy to join a union. Delta should respect the process—and shouldn't repeat their intimidation campaign. 
  is fired up!  
We win when we offer solutions big enough to touch the problems that are in people’s lives. Fear and complacency does not win elections—hope and courage wins elections.  
Anyone who tells you to dream small and give up early is not going to lead our party to victory.  
The time for small ideas is over. We need big ideas to solve the challenges we face—and we need someone willing to fight for them.  
Millions of Americans across this country already know deep down in their bones that our democracy has been hijacked by the rich and powerful. That's corruption, plain and simple. It's time for big, structural change.  
We win elections when we have solutions that are big enough to meet the challenges that people face in their lives. Because fear and complacency don’t win elections; hope and courage do. 
When you give up the fight on a big idea, you’re giving up on the people whose lives it would touch. Those fights are all of our fights. And anyone who tells you to dream small and give up early is not the person who will lead us to victory. 
We need big ideas that can fix the challenges we face, that can inspire people, that bring people out to vote. But most importantly, we need someone willing to fight for those big ideas. 
What do toasters and bad mortgages have in common? Both could cost you your home. A government agency stepped in to stop people from selling toasters that could set your house on fire. I had an idea for a government agency to protect consumers from bad mortgages—the CFPB. 
Some people are afraid of big, structural change. The wealthy and well-connected are afraid of losing their influence. Some have just become so cynical or beaten down that they don’t think real change is possible.Well, I'm not afraid—and I know we can get it done. 
I’m here to talk about something that people all across Iowa and all across America already know deep down in their bones: Our democracy has been hijacked by the rich and the powerful. We need big, structural change—and that change starts right here in Iowa. 
In a few minutes, I'll be live at the  dinner talking with Iowans about the big, structural change we're fighting for. I hope you'll tune in! 
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see me at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Atlanta. Flights and hotel are on us, and you can bring a friend along too! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see me at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Atlanta. Flights and hotel are on us, and you can bring a friend along too! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see me at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Atlanta. Flights and hotel are on us, and you can bring a friend along too! Sign up here for your chance to win.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see me at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Atlanta. Flights and hotel are on us, and you can bring a friend along too! Sign up here for your chance to win.
Your stories are written on my heart. I’m grateful to everyone who has shared their health care stories with me today. We need  to fix our broken health care system—and I have a plan to pay for it. 
Private sector employers are projected to spend $9 trillion on health care over the next ten years. Under my  plan, employers will save $200 billion—while families will save $11 trillion. Read more about what my plan will mean for you. 
Thank you, Your commitment to ending gun violence and uplifting the voices of the victims and their families has made this presidential race—and our country—stronger. I look forward to working together in the fight to end gun violence.
That’s my big boy!  
Woo-hoo! I love the energy at  And there’s more fun to come—follow along at 
Elizabeth just released her plan to pay for Medicare for All. Use our calculator to see how much you’ll pay for health care premiums, co-pays, and deductibles. Spoiler alert: unless you’re in the top 1% or a giant corporation, it’s going to be basically $0.
Elizabeth just released her plan to pay for Medicare for All. Use our calculator to see how much you’ll pay for health care premiums, co-pays, and deductibles. Spoiler alert: unless you’re in the top 1% or a giant corporation, it’s going to be basically $0.
Elizabeth just released her plan to pay for Medicare for All. Use our calculator to see how much you’ll pay for health care premiums, co-pays, and deductibles. Spoiler alert: unless you’re in the top 1% or a giant corporation, it’s going to be basically $0.
I did the homework. I got the experts to check my math, and the numbers are clear:  is the only plan that gives everyone in America full coverage. And we can do it without raising taxes one penny on middle-class families. 
A clear majority of voters support my plan for  and a Democrat who supports  easily beats Donald Trump. Fighting for  is the right thing to do—and when we dream big and fight hard, we win. 
I just released my plan to pay for  It puts $11 trillion back in the pockets of American families, and doesn’t raise taxes on the middle class by even a cent. Here’s how we’re going to get it done: 
We wouldn't have gotten this far in the fight for  without courageous activists like you, speaking out and putting it all on the line. Let's keep fighting—and together, we'll win. 
The Trump administration has pushed construction of the Keystone XL pipeline despite the known environmental and public health risks. North Dakotans deserve better than this. We need clean energy to protect our public lands and waters. 
Under my  plan, corporations and the wealthiest 1% will pay their fair share — and taxes for the middle class won’t go up a cent. Instead, we’ll return a whopping $11 trillion to the American people. That’s bigger than the biggest tax cut in our history. Sign on.
Under my  plan, corporations and the wealthiest 1% will pay their fair share — and taxes for the middle class won’t go up a cent. Instead, we’ll return a whopping $11 trillion to the American people. That’s bigger than the biggest tax cut in our history. Sign on.
Under my  plan, corporations and the wealthiest 1% will pay their fair share — and taxes for the middle class won’t go up a cent. Instead, we’ll return a whopping $11 trillion to the American people. That’s bigger than the biggest tax cut in our history. Sign on.
Under my  plan, corporations and the wealthiest 1% will pay their fair share — and taxes for the middle class won’t go up a cent. Instead, we’ll return a whopping $11 trillion to the American people. That’s bigger than the biggest tax cut in our history. Sign on.
Under my  plan, corporations and the wealthiest 1% will pay their fair share — and taxes for the middle class won’t go up a cent. Instead, we’ll return a whopping $11 trillion to the American people. That’s bigger than the biggest tax cut in our history. Sign on.
Under my  plan, corporations and the wealthiest 1% will pay their fair share — and taxes for the middle class won’t go up a cent. Instead, we’ll return a whopping $11 trillion to the American people. That’s bigger than the biggest tax cut in our history. Sign on.
We can pay for  without raising taxes one penny on middle-class families. Use my new calculator to find out what my plan to pay for Medicare for All will mean for you:  
In addition to providing coverage for everyone, they concluded that my plan would slightly reduce the amount of money that the United States would otherwise spend on health care over the next 10 years.
This analysis was led by Dr. Donald Berwick, one of the nation's top experts in health care improvement who ran the Medicare and Medicaid programs under President Obama; and Simon Johnson, the former Chief Economist at the International Monetary Fund and a professor at MIT.
I asked top experts to examine my  plan, and they concluded we can cover everyone and give them vastly better coverage—without a tax increase on middle-class families. 
Health care costs have devastated American families for too long. Under my  plan, costs like premiums, deductibles, and copays go to basically $0. Health care is a human right, and I’ve got a plan to make sure it’s treated like one. Sign up today if you’re with me.
Health care costs have devastated American families for too long. Under my  plan, costs like premiums, deductibles, and copays go to basically $0. Health care is a human right, and I’ve got a plan to make sure it’s treated like one. Sign up today if you’re with me.
Health care costs have devastated American families for too long. Under my  plan, costs like premiums, deductibles, and copays go to basically $0. Health care is a human right, and I’ve got a plan to make sure it’s treated like one. Sign up today if you’re with me.
Health care costs have devastated American families for too long. Under my  plan, costs like premiums, deductibles, and copays go to basically $0. Health care is a human right, and I’ve got a plan to make sure it’s treated like one. Sign up today if you’re with me.
Health care costs have devastated American families for too long. Under my  plan, costs like premiums, deductibles, and copays go to basically $0. Health care is a human right, and I’ve got a plan to make sure it’s treated like one. Sign up today if you’re with me.
Health care costs have devastated American families for too long. Under my  plan, costs like premiums, deductibles, and copays go to basically $0. Health care is a human right, and I’ve got a plan to make sure it’s treated like one. Sign up today if you’re with me.
I am fighting for  I have the only detailed plan to pay for it. And we are the only Democratic primary campaign that has laid out the true, full costs of any health care plan, Medicare for All or otherwise. I look forward to others doing the same.
Achieving  isn’t going to be easy, but I’m in this race to fight for American families. In the coming weeks, I will also release a transition plan—and I will start lowering health care costs and increasing coverage as soon as I’m sworn in as president.
We cover the remaining $11 trillion largely with taxes on big corporations, Wall Street, and the top 1%—and enforcing the tax laws we have now. Add in a targeted cut to a Defense Dept slush fund and that’s it. You’ll find full details in my plan here: 
To cover the cost, we start by taking the money that employers are currently paying in the form of premiums to private insurance companies and have them pay it to Medicare instead.
How is it paid for? Well, if you’re not in the top 1%, Wall Street, or a big corporation—congratulations, you don’t pay a penny more and you’re fully covered by 
Instead, we’re going to spend more on care itself. And thanks to getting rid of all the waste in the system, we can offer top-of-the-line care for all 331 million people in the U.S. for LESS than what we’ll pay if we do nothing to fix our broken system now.
Let’s get to the math! (All backed up by independent experts and economists.) First, we’re going to rein in the waste, inefficiency, and corporate profiteering by insurance and drug companies. And we’ll bring down out-of-control costs.
My  plan would end the stranglehold of health costs on American families. It would return a whopping $11 trillion to families who will never pay another premium or medical bill. It would be one of the greatest federal expansions of middle-class wealth in history.
 finally brings true choice to the health care system. The choice to see the doctor you want, to get the prescriptions you need, pick the job or start that small business you want without worrying about where your health insurance will come from.
The best plan is  only plan that gives everyone in America full coverage, with the freedom to see any doctor, with no premiums, copays, and deductibles—so getting sick doesn’t mean you go broke. No restrictions, no surprises, no more bills.
Health care costs are rising and crushing families. And a serious diagnosis can financially ruin a middle-class family even if they have insurance. We let private insurance and drug companies profit from that pain. Enough. We need a system that reflects our values.
Today, I’m releasing my plan to pay for  Here’s the headline: My plan won't raise taxes one penny on middle-class families. In fact, we'll return about $11 TRILLION to the American people. That's bigger than the biggest tax cut in our history. Here's how:
Donald Trump doesn't want the state of New York to see his taxes—I wonder why. Let's call this out for what it is: Corruption, plain and simple. Under my anti-corruption plan, all presidential candidates would be required to release their tax returns. 
Bailey is ready for Halloween! 
 The cutest  we’ve ever seen. Happy  
Instead of getting cozy with the rich and powerful, I'm on the road this week for meet-and-greets and organizing events.Other campaigns might take money from fancy fundraisers or PACs. Not ours. Will you chip in before midnight to help our campaign grow? 
 is a national treasure and a sacred site for Tribal Nations. This is a huge step forward in protecting it from dangerous uranium mining and putting people over polluters. Congrats to my friend the Senate must act. 
The House has been diligently gathering evidence on Trump's many crimes, and now it's time for the impeachment inquiry to move forward. Today's vote was not about politics—it was about principle. No one is above the law, not even the president. 
Leon is wrong. I'm fighting for big changes like universal child care, investing in public schools, and free public college.We can do all of that with a  Leon can and should pitch in more—so that every kid has the same opportunities he did to succeed. 
Today is the last day to enter to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea or whatever) with Elizabeth! We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Sign up to enter before the midnight deadline!
Today is the last day to enter to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea or whatever) with Elizabeth! We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Sign up to enter before the midnight deadline!
Today is the last day to enter to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea or whatever) with Elizabeth! We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Sign up to enter before the deadline!
Today is the last day to enter to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea or whatever) with Elizabeth! We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Chip in now to enter before the midnight deadline!
Today is the last day to enter to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea or whatever) with Elizabeth! We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Chip in now to enter before the midnight deadline!
Happy  from me and Tonight isn't just for trick-or-treating—it's our October fundraising deadline. Chip in to my campaign now, and Jonathan could give you a call soon to say thank you! 
It was so great to get a chance to speak with for his Uncovered project—sad to see it come to an end. I'm sending all my love to Ady and his family as they focus on his health. 
I’m running my campaign differently: No fancy fundraisers, no federal lobbyists, or PACs of any kind.Will you chip in $3 to help make our October fundraising goal tonight? 
Industrial pollution has been disproportionately concentrated in low-income communities and communities of color like in Louisiana's Cancer Alley. We need to be reducing harmful emissions—not permitting more. These communities need environmental justice. 
I love when math teachers take a look at my plans—the math checks out! 
 Thanks for being in this fight for big, structural change, We’re going to do this together.
A person's wealth shouldn't determine the amount of time they can spend with me—or any other presidential candidate.That’s why our campaign is funded with small dollar donations. Will you chip in $3 now before our October fundraising deadline? 
Thanks, Calling grassroots donors is one of my favorite things to do—you're going to love it. 
Together, and I will fight for criminal justice reform—and for real justice for everyone. 
Rising sea levels will be catastrophic for coastal cities. Our climate is in crisis and the time to act is now. 
I applaud my colleagues in the House for passing a resolution acknowledging and condemning the Armenian genocide. If we don’t recognize the horrors of the past, we risk repeating them in the future. We must honor the victims and pledge: Never again. 
Uber, Lyft, and Doordash are prepared to spend millions pushing a ballot measure to undermine California's new protections for gig workers. We should all fight these companies' attempts to wield their wealth to block protections for their workers. 
I’m so grateful to have you on  Together, we’ll make the big, structural change our country needs. 
I’m proud to be fighting alongside for criminal justice reform and an economy that works for all of us, not just the wealthy and well-connected. 
I'm running to be the best president that money can't buy—but I can't do it alone. Will you chip in $3 to help grow our campaign? We’ve only got two more days before our big October fundraising deadline. 
Even though the pressure is high to reach our End of Month fundraising goals, you won’t see Elizabeth jetting around the country to host swanky fundraisers with wealthy donors behind closed doors. Chip in now to help power this grassroots movement before midnight on Thursday.
This Thursday is our last day to hit our End of Month fundraising goals. We’re close to our target thanks to thousands of grassroots donors, but we need your help to cross the finish line. Chip in now to help power this grassroots movement before midnight on Thursday.
Even though the pressure is high to reach our End of Month fundraising goals, you won’t see Elizabeth jetting around the country to host swanky fundraisers with wealthy donors behind closed doors. Chip in now to help power this grassroots movement before midnight on Thursday.
This Thursday is our last day to hit our End of Month fundraising goals. We’re close to our target thanks to thousands of grassroots donors, but we need your help to cross the finish line. Chip in now to help power this grassroots movement before midnight on Thursday.
Even though the pressure is high to reach our End of Month fundraising goals, you won’t see Elizabeth jetting around the country to host swanky fundraisers with wealthy donors behind closed doors. Chip in now to help power this grassroots movement before midnight on Thursday.
This Thursday is our last day to hit our End of Month fundraising goals. We’re close to our target thanks to thousands of grassroots donors, but we need your help to cross the finish line. Chip in now to help power this grassroots movement before midnight on Thursday.
Even though the pressure is high to reach our End of Month fundraising goals, you won’t see Elizabeth jetting around the country to host swanky fundraisers with wealthy donors behind closed doors. Chip in now to help power this grassroots movement before midnight on Thursday.
This Thursday is our last day to hit our End of Month fundraising goals. We’re close to our target thanks to thousands of grassroots donors, but we need your help to cross the finish line. Chip in now to help power this grassroots movement before midnight on Thursday.
Even though the pressure is high to reach our End of Month fundraising goals, you won’t see Elizabeth jetting around the country to host swanky fundraisers with wealthy donors behind closed doors. Chip in now to help power this grassroots movement before midnight on Thursday.
This Thursday is our last day to hit our End of Month fundraising goals. We’re close to our target thanks to thousands of grassroots donors, but we need your help to cross the finish line. Chip in now to help power this grassroots movement before midnight on Thursday.
Even though the pressure is high to reach our End of Month fundraising goals, you won’t see Elizabeth jetting around the country to host swanky fundraisers with wealthy donors behind closed doors. Chip in now to help power this grassroots movement before midnight on Thursday.
This Thursday is our last day to hit our End of Month fundraising goals. We’re close to our target thanks to thousands of grassroots donors, but we need your help to cross the finish line. Chip in now to help power this grassroots movement before midnight on Thursday.
Giant corporations shouldn't be able to rig the system by scooping up government officials to get favorable treatment. So I'll ban them from hiring senior government officials for at least four years after they leave office. And if they break these rules, they'll have to pay up. 
I gave up on not offending big donors and giant corporations a long time ago—because when we have big ideas, we get out there and fight for them.I'm not afraid, and for Democrats to win in 2020, you can't be afraid, either. That’s how we'll make real change. 
Person by person, community by community, we're building a grassroots movement to make our government work for the people.But I can’t do it alone. Chip in $3 and join the fight—and I might call you to say thanks! 
Communities are tired of seeing families torn apart and immigrants and asylum seekers detained—and they're speaking out. It's time to end unnecessary detention. 
This is a good start. Now it's time to allow them to join a union—and get paid. 
GM, Toyota, and Fiat should know better than this. The American auto industry should be leading the way to reduce emissions, not siding with the Trump administration to further pollute our communities. 
We have to break the political influence of giant corporations and federal contractors on our government. I’ve got a plan for that.  
Politicians are supposed to compete over how many voters they can persuade, not how many they can disqualify. It's time to end these arbitrary, undemocratic voter purges. 
It's time to put power in the hands of working people—not just a select wealthy few.That's why our campaign is people-funded: No fancy fundraisers, no PACs, and no special interest groups.Chip in $3 right now to own a piece of this campaign. 
This is corruption, plain and simple—and I’ve got a plan to end it.  
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
This proposal comes from, of all places, a commission meant to improve our democracy. But attacking the is deeply undemocratic—and it will only benefit Republicans. No Democrat should allow this to pass. 
There are only three days left to enter to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea or whatever) with Elizabeth! We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Sign up to enter before the deadline!
There are only three days left to enter to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea or whatever) with Elizabeth! We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Sign up to enter before the deadline!
There are only three days left to enter to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea or whatever) with Elizabeth! We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Sign up now to enter before the midnight deadline!
There are only three days left to enter to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea or whatever) with Elizabeth! We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Sign up now to enter before the midnight deadline!
There are only three days left to enter to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea or whatever) with Elizabeth! We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Chip in now to enter before the midnight deadline!
There are only three days left to enter to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea or whatever) with Elizabeth! We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Chip in now to enter before the midnight deadline!
Executives have made it clear they're ready to “go to the mat” to fight, but that’s not how our economy or our democracy is supposed to work. Together, we’ll close the revolving door and break the grip of giant corporations on our economy and our government.
If giant corporations violate these rules, they will have to pay up: 1% of net profits for the first violation, 2% for the second, and 5% for any subsequent violation. For a company like Facebook, that could mean over $1 billion.
Giant corporations shouldn't be able to rig the system by scooping up government officials to get favorable treatment. I'll ban giant federal contractors, banks, and market-dominant companies from hiring senior government officials for at least four years after they leave office.
It's not just Facebook. Giant corporations regularly hire people from their government regulators to leverage their connections and use the allure of future jobs to get favorable treatment. It’s no wonder these companies have consolidated power without any real accountability.
Facebook is now spending millions on lobbying amid antitrust scrutiny—and Kaplan is flexing his DC rolodex to help Mark Zuckerbeg wage a closed-door charm offensive with Republican lawmakers.
Two years after serving as George W. Bush’s Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy, Joel Kaplan was hired by Facebook as its Vice President for US Public Policy. Since he was hired, Facebook spent over $71 million on lobbying—nearly 100 times what it had spent before Kaplan joined.
Giant market-dominant companies like Facebook, Pfizer, and Comcast strategically hire senior government officials who can leverage their contacts for corporate gain. If we want to root out Washington corruption, that must end—and I've got a plan. 
I'm not taking a dime from federal lobbyists, corporate PACs, or PACs of any kind—because our campaign is powered by the people, not special interest groups with Big Money to spend.Chip in now and I might just call with a big “Thank you!” 
I'm grateful down to my toes for your support, Looking forward to the day doesn't have to fight with the president of the United States on Twitter. 
Good. Now it's time to end all ICE contracts with private detention providers. No one should profit off of our inhumane immigration policies. 
Facebook's own employees know just how dangerous their policy allowing politicians to lie in political ads will be for our democracy. Mark Zuckerberg should listen to them—and I applaud their brave efforts to hold their own company accountable. 
I've been a teacher, a law professor, a senator, and a candidate for president of the United States thanks to the opportunities a public education gave me. Today's your last chance to get our free sticker to show you're   
 Thank you, Gloria! Together, we’ll fight to make sure every kid gets a great public education.
Climate change is making wildfires larger and more destructive. We have to act now to end this climate crisis. 
Senator Kay Hagan was a tireless fighter for women, veterans, and military families, and a dear friend and colleague. I'm heartsick for Kay's family and friends. 
Frances Perkins saw what was broken in our country and had a plan to fix it. One woman—backed by millions of people—was able to make big, structural change. And we can do it again in 2020. 
John Conyers fought to make our government work for Black Americans as a civil rights leader and co-founder of that important work continues to inspire us. I’m keeping him and his loved ones in my thoughts.
Our students shouldn’t have to worry about where they’ll get their next meal. Under my public school plan, we’ll cancel student breakfast and lunch debt and provide free and nutritious school meals so our kids can succeed in school. 
When someone is sent into our criminal justice system, it's not a single person. When a person is arrested, we have to think about how that pulls their entire family into the system—and how that family is treated. 
Thank you students for asking important questions at the Second Step Presidential Justice Forum. We can start to fix our criminal justice system by investing not in incarceration, but in services that lift communities up. My plan for that:  
I’m deeply grateful to the community of Bethel AME Church in Columbia, South Carolina for their warm welcome this morning. 
I stood shoulder-to-shoulder with and because I believe in America’s public school teachers. We need to invest in our public schools—and I have a plan to do just that:  
When workers organize and fight back, they win. 
Thank you, Florence! Shoulder to shoulder, I believe we can dream big, fight hard, and win. 
(2/2) Baghdadi's death closes one chapter, but it is not the end of our fight against terrorism. We need a settlement that ends the suffering and destruction in Syria—and ultimately, a long-term plan to counter extremism and allow the region to achieve peace and stability.
(1/2) Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi led a campaign of mass violence and terror that devastated the region and threatened the world. His death is a setback for ISIS and a victory for justice. I am grateful for the skill and courage of our special operations and intelligence professionals.
Happy Diwali! Bruce and I wish all who celebrate a joyous holiday. 
One year ago today, eleven people were killed at the Tree of Life synagogue. They were observing Shabbat at a place that should have been a sanctuary. We have to end gun violence—and we have to speak up against hate, bigotry, and antisemitism. 
 Happy  from our favorite pumpkin pup. 🎃 
 is a consumer advocate, a congresswoman, and my former student. We spent years studying how working families go broke after medical emergencies. I’m grateful down to my toes to have her endorsement. Katie, I’m glad we’re in this fight together. 
I’ve loved hearing your  stories. If we dream big and fight hard, my administration will work to ensure that every kid in America has a great public school education.Get your free sticker if you haven’t already:  
Between town halls last week, I took some time to read a letter I got from Katie, a teacher in North Carolina. Katie wrote in with her story—so I called her to say thanks for being in the fight. My new public school plan would help Katie and her students:  
When I’m president, my administration will protect the rights of gig workers to unionize—and I’ve got a plan for that. 
I stand with Uber drivers who will make their voices heard on November 6. This is a crucial moment in the fight for workers’ rights in America. 
Every day, and keep our campaign growing in Iowa, and I couldn’t be more grateful. We have a real chance to win—and I believe we can if we dream big and fight hard together. Let’s do this, Iowa!  
Amado works hard and volunteers with He deserves affordable housing—with sunlight. I'll fight to ensure that everyone has safe, affordable housing. And I'll fight for immigrant communities and protect their rights. 
Intersex people must have a say in decisions that affect their bodies. As president, I'll fight for the rights of intersex people and protect them from discrimination, especially when it comes to their health care.  
Climate change is driving devastating wildfires across California—and these fires will only grow more dangerous and destructive until we act to stop the climate crisis. 
This is appalling. ICE needs to be held accountable for Roxsana Hernández's death, and for destroying evidence related to her death. 
It was delicious. 
And those are just a few examples of Trump’s corruption. This administration is the most corrupt of our lifetime. It’s time to root out Washington corruption—and I’ve got a plan for that. 
The corruption goes a lot deeper than one hotel. Foreign governments funnel money into Trump's pockets from many of his hotels and properties. He appoints Mar-a-Lago members as our ambassadors. He tried to host the G-7 summit at his Doral property. 
Voting should be easy—but many states make it hard for people to vote. I’m grateful for  and college students everywhere fighting to make their voices heard. 
Teachers deserve the pay and resources they need to do their jobs well.I stand with Dedham public school teachers—and I'll strengthen the ability of teachers and school staff to organize and bargain collectively.
Thank you, Newport! If we dream big and fight hard, then together, we can win. 
Seeing leadership in Florida gives me hope. Nikki has proven to Floridians the difference it makes when we elect Democrats and elevate women up and down the ticket. 
Good. Betsy DeVos needs to be held accountable—and we need a secretary of education willing to fight for students. 
Hi folks, it’s Elizabeth! It’ll take all of us working together to make big, structural change happen. Whether it’s universal child care, canceling student loan debt, or fighting climate change, I’ve got a plan — and I need you to be a part of it. Join our team by signing up!
Hi folks, it’s Elizabeth! It’ll take all of us working together to make big, structural change happen. Whether it’s universal child care, canceling student loan debt, or fighting climate change, I’ve got a plan — and I need you to be a part of it. Join our team by signing up!
It’ll take all of us working together to make big, structural change happen. Whether it’s universal child care, canceling student loan debt, or fighting climate change, Elizabeth has a plan — and she needs you to be a part of it. Join the team by signing up today.
It’ll take all of us working together to make big, structural change happen. Whether it’s universal child care, canceling student loan debt, or fighting climate change, Elizabeth has a plan — and she needs you to be a part of it. Join the team by signing up today.
It’ll take all of us working together to make big, structural change happen. Join our team by signing up today.
It’ll take all of us working together to make big, structural change happen. Join our team by signing up today.
It’ll take all of us working together to make big, structural change happen. Join our team by signing up today.
It’ll take all of us working together to make big, structural change happen. Join our team by signing up today.
Hi folks, it’s Elizabeth! It’ll take all of us working together to make big, structural change happen. Whether it’s universal child care, canceling student loan debt, or fighting climate change, I’ve got a plan — and I need you to be a part of it. Join our team by chipping in.
Hi folks, it’s Elizabeth! It’ll take all of us working together to make big, structural change happen. Whether it’s universal child care, canceling student loan debt, or fighting climate change, I’ve got a plan — and I need you to be a part of it. Join our team by chipping in.
It’ll take all of us working together to make big, structural change happen. Whether it’s universal child care, canceling student loan debt, or fighting climate change, Elizabeth has a plan — and she needs you to be a part of it. Join the team by chipping in what you can today.
It’ll take all of us working together to make big, structural change happen. Whether it’s universal child care, canceling student loan debt, or fighting climate change, Elizabeth has a plan — and she needs you to be a part of it. Join the team by chipping in what you can today.
It’ll take all of us working together to make big, structural change happen. Join our team by chipping in today.
It’ll take all of us working together to make big, structural change happen. Join our team by chipping in today.
It’ll take all of us working together to make big, structural change happen. Join our team by chipping in today.
It’ll take all of us working together to make big, structural change happen. Join our team by chipping in today.
Thank you to everyone who came to yesterday's Dartmouth College Town Hall. I'm grateful to everyone in this fight—and everyone who stuck around for a photo! Bruce and Bailey enjoyed meeting you, too. 
We lost my friend Senator Paul Wellstone nearly two decades ago today—but we're still continuing his fight to make sure that the government works for all of us, not just the big banks, giant corporations, and the wealthy and well-connected.
The Democratic primary should belong to grassroots supporters and grassroots donors, not the rich and powerful.Every Democratic candidate should agree: Super PACs have no place in our primary. 
It’s disappointing that any Democratic candidate would reverse course and endorse the use of unlimited contributions from the wealthy to run against fellow Democrats.A handful of wealthy donors should not be allowed to buy the Democratic nomination. That's not who we are.
Wall Street, billionaires, and corporations are gearing up to start Super PACs for candidates who they think will maintain the status quo. Those special interests are ready to spend ridiculous amounts of money in the primary against us. Chip in today to help us fight back.
Wall Street, billionaires, and corporations are gearing up to start Super PACs for candidates who they think will maintain the status quo. Those special interests are ready to spend ridiculous amounts of money in the primary against us. Chip in today to help us fight back.
I attended public school—and when I grew up, I taught at public schools. I'm  If a public school made you, too, get your free sticker before they're gone:  
I’ve got your back, Noor. Every kid should be able to feel safe and welcome at school—and Muslim students should never be denied participation in school activities. My public school plan fights discriminatory dress codes that exclude students like Noor. 
We should fight back against measures that criminalize homelessness—not propose ones that will only perpetuate it. I'll fight to make sure those experiencing homelessness get affordable housing and access to the services they need. 
As president, I will fight to increase the pay of teachers, paraprofessionals, school staff, and school leaders, and ensure that they have the resources they need. Show your support for all public school educators and sign up to get your free sticker today!
As president, I will fight to increase the pay of teachers, paraprofessionals, school staff, and school leaders, and ensure that they have the resources they need. Show your support for all public school educators and sign up to get your free sticker today!
As president, I will fight to increase the pay of teachers, paraprofessionals, school staff, and school leaders, and ensure that they have the resources they need. Show your support for all public school educators and sign up to get your free sticker today!
I've got a plan to invest in public schools and ensure every kid in America has the same access to a high-quality public education. And it would all be paid for by the Ultra-Millionaire Tax. Add your name to show your support and get your free sticker!
I've got a plan to invest in public schools and ensure every kid in America has the same access to a high-quality public education. And it would all be paid for by the Ultra-Millionaire Tax. Add your name to show your support and get your free sticker!
I've got a plan to invest in public schools and ensure every kid in America has the same access to a high-quality public education. And it would all be paid for by the Ultra-Millionaire Tax. Add your name to show your support and get your free sticker!
We’re going to invest hundreds of billions of dollars into our public schools—all paid for by a two cent tax on ultra-millionaires. We’ll be able to quadruple Title I funding to help every child get a high-quality public education. Add your name and we’ll send you a free sticker!
We’re going to invest hundreds of billions of dollars into our public schools—all paid for by a two cent tax on ultra-millionaires. We’ll be able to quadruple Title I funding to help every child get a high-quality public education. Add your name and we’ll send you a free sticker!
We’re going to invest hundreds of billions of dollars into our public schools—all paid for by a two cent tax on ultra-millionaires. We’ll be able to quadruple Title I funding to help every child get a high-quality public education. Add your name and we’ll send you a free sticker!
Public workers who provide services that children, seniors, and low-income families depend on deserve fair wages and adequate resources to do their jobs. I stand with and workers on strike to 
Thank you for helping ensure that American workers are a primary focus of this election. I'll keep fighting alongside you to level the playing field for working families.
 Thanks for telling your story, Cecelia. I’m in this fight for families like yours.
I rang the alarm before the 2008 economic collapse, and I’m seeing serious warning signs again—but we’ve still got time to stop it. And I’ve got a plan for that:  
I’m glad someone from the Trump administration figured out that our student loan debt crisis is crushing an entire generation.Republican, independent, or Democrat—my plan to cancel student loan debt is a win for our economy and all of our students. 
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
I'll move to rejoin the Paris Climate Agreement on day one of my presidency. We need to strengthen our response to the climate crisis, not run away from it.America is at its best when we dream big and fight hard, and we must fight hard to defeat the climate crisis together.
American diplomacy was critical in bringing the world together to adopt the Paris Climate Agreement and commit to fighting climate change. Pulling the U.S. out of this deal threatens our security and economy—and our ability to fight climate change. 
U.S. weapons may have ended up in the hands of al Qaeda-linked fighters and separatist militias in Yemen, undermining our national security and worsening the humanitarian crisis in Yemen.I'm demanding answers. 
Far too many families have lost loved ones because of inadequate or negligent care. We need to end unnecessary detention, ensure those in custody receive medical care, and end contracts with private detention providers. 
For some candidates, “call time” means asking millionaires and billionaires for big checks.That’s not how we do things on  I spend “call time” thanking grassroots supporters and talking with voters. Chip in $3, and I might call to say thanks! 
Virginia, you have an election coming up very soon—and if you want to get rid of ridiculously gerrymandered districts like these, make sure to vote for Democrats up and down the ballot. 
There are a lot of incredible women that keep running, but life on the campaign trail wouldn't be nearly as fun without my Waffle House partner, 
Facebook let me run an ad saying Mark Zuckerberg endorsed Donald Trump for reelection, so I’d say you probably could, I imagine Republicans would be a lot more concerned about fact-checking Facebook ads after that. 
Leon, you were able to succeed because of the opportunities this country gave you. Now why don’t you pitch in a bit more so everyone else has a chance at the American dream, too? 
Communities of color on the front lines of the climate crisis have faced generations of industrial pollution. Their voices must be centered in the fight against climate change—and the fight for environmental justice. 
Trump's unqualified Mar-a-Lago member-ambassadors are undermining our diplomats and damaging our reputation abroad. It's time to end the corrupt practice of selling cushy diplomatic posts to political cronies and wealthy donors. 
A Wall Street billionaire shouldn't be paying a lower tax rate than a middle class family struggling to get by. It's time for a  on the wealthiest families in America. 
 Thank you, Jim! Grateful down to my toes to have you on 
Your stories give me hope and joy. I firmly believe in our public schools. That’s why I’m working to ensure high-quality public school education for all kids—and I’m fighting to get it done:  
Everyone deserves equal pay for equal work. It's time to end the subminimum wage for people with disabilities. I'll fight for free vocational training to help people with disabilities get good-paying jobs. 
I'm not afraid to fight for big, structural change—and neither are the people of Cedar Falls. Thanks for being part of this grassroots movement! 
Let’s be clear: Access to safe, legal abortion is a constitutional right. Every time we deny access to safe, legal abortion, we put lives in danger. I’ve got a plan to protect our reproductive health care in every state.  
Our farmers face the impacts of climate change every day, from blistering heat waves to record flooding.The USDA owes them the truth—and the Trump administration must stop burying its head in the sand. The climate crisis will only get worse until we act. 
 WATCH : Senator joined striking and teachers and support staff to support their demands for STR…
Small businesses are the heart of our communities, and we must make sure that they can thrive. Thanks to the small business owners of Waterloo for chatting with me today about how we can make their businesses stronger. 
I became a teacher, a law professor, a senator, and a candidate for president of the United States—all with the tools that a public education gave me. (Yes, that’s me in elementary school!) Share your school photos and why you're  
I'll say it again: This is corruption, plain and simple. Donald Trump must be impeached. 
Parents would do anything to ensure their children have a fair shot in life—and I want to help. That's why I've got a plan to make sure every kid can get a high-quality public education that sets them up for success. 
Our public schools are more segregated today than they were thirty years ago. I'll renew the fight against segregation by helping integrate our communities—and by strengthening and robustly enforcing Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. 
A new bulletproof memorial marking Emmett Till’s brutal lynching was installed this week after multiple markers were previously stolen, vandalized, and shot. Racist attacks are not just a part of our history—they are a part of our present, too. 
 “A white friend admitted that she had never seen a single photo of a lynching. I was shocked, but not surprised. A lynchin…
 The President of the United States comparing an impeachment inquiry to a  is not a “distraction.” It is a reflect…
 and are fighting for their students and their schools, and I'm marching shoulder-to-shoulder alongside them. They need resources—and they need a   
Today, I went to Chicago to stand with the teachers on strike. They’re fighting for our children and for America's future—and I'm with them every step of the way.
 It’s beyond shameful to use the word “lynching” to describe being held accountable for your actions. 
 Lynching is an act of terror used to uphold white supremacy. Try again. 
 Lynching is a reprehensible stain on this nation's history, as is this President. We'll never erase the pain and trauma o…
Lynching is a horrific stain on our country's history, and it is beyond disgraceful for Donald Trump to invoke one to avoid being held accountable for his crimes.Nobody is above the law, not even the president of the United States.
It’s time to live up to our promise of providing every student with a great public education. 
Climate change is an existential threat—and it's time for companies to reveal their emissions and dependence on fossil fuels. My Climate Risk Disclosure Act will require companies to publicly disclose their role in contributing to the climate crisis. 
Thank you, Ames! Together we'll dream big, fight hard, and build the grassroots movement we need to win. 
Betsy DeVos refers to public schools as a "dead end."I believe in public schools, and I'll fight for them with everything I’ve got.  
Talking with grassroots donors is my favorite part of the day. Whether you can give a lot or a little, everyone owns a piece of our democracy. Will you chip in to our grassroots campaign next? I might just call you to say thanks!
I want to make sure that every kid in America can get a high-quality public education. Thanks to the students at Roosevelt High School for our conversation about how we can improve our public schools!  
While the top 0.1% of American households sit on massive amounts of wealth, millions of families are living paycheck to paycheck.It's time for the wealthiest families to pitch in so everyone can succeed. 
  understands the importance of teacher voice ... that’s why it’s great she proposes strengthening  the ability of…
I believe in public schools. I want to hear why public school is important to you—why you're  
  plan for our nation's public schools would be a game changer for our public schools and the 90% of America’s stud…
We've worked hard, sharing plans and building a grassroots movement. And yesterday, we reached a new milestone—two million donations! 
I attended public school. I taught at public schools. Public school made me. If a public school made you, too, we’ve got a sticker for that! Get your free sticker now:  
This is cruel and punitive. Every kid needs and deserves a nutritious meal in order to learn at school. My plan will push to cancel student breakfast and lunch debt and increase funding to school meals programs so all students can get a nutritious meal. 
I support the Lebanese people protesting and demanding their government take care of all of its people, not just the rich and powerful. As we fight corruption in our home, we should support those fighting corruption in theirs. 
 👏MASSIVE  k-12 Ed plan from increasing Title1 funding ; funding for kids with disabilities, school integ…
 We applaud plan to strengthen America's public schools and ensure that every student has the opportunity to get a…
Our public school teachers are fighting for their students and their schools. They deserve better pay and resources. I'll protect and strengthen their ability to organize and bargain collectively.   
 When first ran for Senate, she met Pastor Kim Odom who lost her son to gun violence, and decided to turn her…
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
It's time to live up to the promise of a high-quality public education for every student. My plan makes big, structural changes that would help give every student the resources that they need to thrive.
We must stop the privatization of public schools. My administration will end federal funding for the expansion of charter schools, ban for-profit charter schools, and ensure existing charter schools are held to the same level of transparency and accountability as public schools.
My administration will work with states to sustainably increase the pay of teachers, paraprofessionals, school staff, and school leaders, and ensure that they have the resources they need. And I'll strengthen their ability to organize and bargain collectively.
I will also push to cancel all existing student meal debt and increase federal funding to school meal programs so that students everywhere can get free and nutritious school meals.
I'll ensure that every student has the opportunity to learn in a welcoming and safe public school. That's why my administration will eliminate high-stakes testing, invest in evidenced-based school safety, and end zero-tolerance discipline policies.
My administration will also protect the rights of students with disabilities, LGBTQ+ students, English Language Learners, and immigrant students and their families so that every kid has access to a high-quality public education.
Integrated schools improve educational outcomes for students of all races. And integrated schools are demanded by our Constitution. My administration will fund integration efforts, strengthen Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and robustly enforce it.
And we'll provide more funding for IDEA grants, repairing and improving school facilities and infrastructure, developing sustainable community schools, and providing grants to public schools for the programs and resources that are most important to their students.
Next, I'll make sure that we fund schools adequately and equitably by quadrupling Title I funding—investing an additional $450 billion over the next 10 years—and working with public education leaders and school finance experts to ensure that this money is allocated equitably.
I’ll start—as I promised in May—by replacing Betsy DeVos with a Secretary of Education who has been a public school teacher, believes in public education, and will listen to our public school teachers, parents, and students.
Funding for public schools is inadequate and inequitable, and our schools are more segregated now than decades ago. We don't treat teachers and staff like professionals, and we're diverting money from public schools. It's time to live up to our promise of a good public education.
I attended and taught at America’s public schools, and I believe in them. That's why I've got a plan to invest in public schools and ensure every kid in America has the same access to a high-quality public education. 
What a fantastic night in Des Moines! This is how we're going to win—with a grassroots movement that's not afraid to fight for the change we need. 
Thank you, Indianola! Together, we can make big, structural change. I’m ready to roll up my sleeves and get to work. 
I'm grateful down to my toes for every single contribution to this grassroots movement. This is how we're going to win—by fighting together for big, structural change. 
Communities on the front lines of climate change deserve justice—and voices like Theresa Landrum's are the ones that should be leading the conversation as we fight for our clean energy future. 
I called Chicago teachers on strike to let them know I'm standing beside them. They're out fighting for the future of our students—and I'm with them all the way.   
 Keep fighting, Brandon. The work you are doing is so important, and I’ll fight alongside you.
 Thank you so much for taking the time to talk with me, Rebecca! Stay strong out there.
It's simple: Corporate profits are soaring, but workers' salaries are barely budging. I'll strengthen the rights of workers to strike—because we should all see the benefits of a strong economy. 
Donald Trump is corruption in the flesh—we must call it out, and I have a plan to fight back: 
The G-7 may no longer be at Trump National Doral, but that won’t stop foreign nations from dumping money into Donald Trump's pockets by spending at his hotels. And it won’t stop Trump from rewarding Mar-a-Lago members with ambassadorships. 
We don't need fancy fundraisers, corporate PACs, or federal lobbyists to win in 2020—we just need this grassroots movement.Will you chip in $3 now to help keep up the momentum? We have a lot planned for the next few months, and I can’t do this alone. 
Communities on the front lines of the climate crisis have already faced industrial pollution, devastating floods, ruined lands, and poisoned water.Justice cannot be an afterthought in our fight against climate change—it must be central to our fight.  
Surprise: Amazon is trying to tilt the Seattle City Council elections in their favor. I'm with the Seattle council members and activists who continue standing up to Amazon. Corporations aren't people, and I have a plan to get big money out of politics. 
The best way to draw more people into the fight is to have fighters who look like them. I’ll pinky promise on that, too. 
The time for small ideas is over. When we dream big and fight hard, we can win. Thank you, Norfolk! 
Trans migrants and asylum seekers are particularly vulnerable.We must end unnecessary detention and enforce strict standards to keep trans migrants and asylum seekers safe—and I'll continue holding our government accountable when they fail to do so. 
We have to protect Black trans women—and we have to fight gun violence. I'm heartsick for Brianna Hill and her friends and family. 
Abusing diplomatic relationships for personal, political gain.Appointing Mar-a-Lago members as our ambassadors.Hosting the G-7 Summit at one of his properties.The Trump administration is the most corrupt administration of our lifetimes.
If we want to make big, structural change, that starts with electing more women up and down the ballot. I'm committed to building the future of our party and helping Democrats keep the House, flip the Senate, and regain ground in key state legislatures in 2020. 
The CFPB was created because we needed an agency dedicated to protecting consumers and holding big banks accountable. Big banks haven't stopped trying to kill it since—but I'll never stop fighting. We need Washington to work for all of us, not just the wealthy and well-connected.
Big banks and their Republican allies have been trying to kill the CFPB for years, and the Trump administration is hoping the right-wing, pro-corporate Supreme Court will help. I've got news for them: Like it or not, the CFPB is constitutional. 
Seven hours. Roberto Rodriguez-Espinoza might still be alive if he had been immediately sent to a hospital. His death is a disgrace. We have to ensure that all migrants and asylum seekers receive adequate, prompt medical care. 
Sallie Mae is squeezing student loan borrowers for profit while sending their employees on lavish vacations. It’s time to cancel student loan debt. 
We are going to succeed when we dream big and fight hard, not when we dream small and quit before we get started. We need big, structural change—and I'm not afraid to fight for it.
We've got to get big money out of politics and put power in the hands of the people. My plan for campaign finance reform will establish a public financing program that would give a 6-1 match for small dollar donations—making it more valuable to spend time with ordinary voters! 
These are the kinds of stories I’m hearing all across the country. Fighting for environmental justice must be a core part of our fight against the climate crisis. 
Young people are raising their voices and fighting gun violence—and when we organize and persist together, we can make real change! 
Our movement is powered by grassroots donors — and I’m so proud of that. It’s because of folks like you that I’m able to get up on that debate stage and talk about our plans for big, structural change. Chip in what you can to help us keep going.
Our movement is powered by grassroots donors — and I’m so proud of that. It’s because of folks like you that I’m able to get up on that debate stage and talk about our plans for big, structural change. Chip in what you can to help us keep going.
Our movement is powered by grassroots donors — and I’m so proud of that. Chip in what you can to help us keep going.
Our movement is powered by grassroots donors — and I’m so proud of that. Chip in what you can to help us keep going.
Miami will be underwater if world leaders don’t take action on climate change. This is an existential crisis and it’s outrageous that it won't even be on the agenda of next year’s G-7 summit. We need to make big, structural change now to fight this crisis before it's too late. 
I’m deeply grateful for our grassroots donors. We’re doing this without fancy fundraisers, federal lobbyists, or PACs. And we’re almost at a big milestone—2 million donations! Chip in $3 now to help make our goal, and I could call you to say thanks. 
Facebook is actively helping Trump spread lies and misinformation. Facebook already helped elect Donald Trump once. They might do it again—and profit off of it.
Here's the thing, Mark. Trump isn't just posting a lie on his own page for his own followers. Facebook is accepting millions of dollars from Trump to run political ads, including ones with misinformation and outright lies. Ads that TV stations won't even run.
Facebook had a policy that didn't permit misinformation in any ads. Facebook built relationships with independent fact-checkers, so they weren't the sole deciders of what was or wasn't a lie. But Facebook undermined those relationships and excluded political ads from that policy.
Mark Zuckerberg's speech today shows how little he learned from 2016, and how unprepared Facebook is to handle the 2020 election. 
Rick Perry put his fossil fuel buddies above protecting our planet from climate change and his political loyalties above our country and the law. I'm glad he's out as Secretary of Energy, but we can’t stop holding him accountable.
Intuit has kept a stranglehold on our government to make filing your taxes as difficult as possible to boost their own products and profits.I've got a plan to make sure filing your taxes is free and simple—as easy as turning in a pre-filled form!  
 So good to talk to you, Roxane! Grateful down to my toes to have your endorsement.
I’m standing with my team in support of all LGBTQ+ youth—and I’ll fight shoulder to shoulder with the community so that no one ever has to face bullying or harassment in school again.  
 A THREAD: Why we need to strengthen unions and pass the 
AT;T should reject this proposal from a billionaire’s hedge fund that could affect up to 30,000 good jobs for American workers. 
Donald Trump and HUD Secretary Ben Carson want to make it harder to hold companies accountable for housing discrimination. That's not right, and we all need to speak up against it. 
After the financial crisis, we couldn't just nibble around the edges with one or two new tweaks. We needed big, structural change—and a new agency dedicated to protecting consumers. I’m deeply thankful to President Obama for helping see this through.  
Saddened to learn about the passing of Juanita Ahtone. She was a long-time, dedicated volunteer, and it was an honor to meet her. My heart goes out to her friends, family, and everyone she worked alongside at 
I stand with and members on strike. We need to invest in all of our public school staff—because when they succeed, our students succeed too. They need a  
This is corruption, plain and simple. 
We need to end the corrupt practice of selling cushy diplomatic posts to wealthy donors and get big money out of politics. I've got a plan for that. 
Gordon Sondland will be testifying today about how Donald Trump abused our diplomatic relationships for his own personal, political gain. He donated $1 million to Trump’s inaugural committee before he was appointed to this position. 
Good people everywhere will miss his rumbling voice, his kind heart, and his deep conviction that every human being has worth. Rest in power, Elijah.
Rep. Elijah Cummings was a giant in the House, an unwavering champion for his district and all Americans, and a dear friend. My heart goes out to his wife Maya and his family.
Climate change is a threat—but it's also an opportunity to strengthen unions, tackle income inequality, and create millions of good jobs here in America. Here's my plan to meet the goals of the  and invest in green manufacturing: 
There wasn't a single question during the  about climate change. Families are suffering with poisoned air and water, cancer, chronic health conditions—and it's communities of color who suffer the most. Families on the front lines of the climate crisis need action now. 
 Thank you Krishan, I’m grateful down to my toes to have you on 
 Thank you, Shauna! We’re going to win this together.
 Thank you, Nathan! Together we’re going to make the big, structural change we need.
Big problems call for big solutions. When I fought for the it was a moment to dream big and fight hard—and because we were willing to fight for big, structural change, we won. 
Every person deserves to be treated with dignity and respect, and that starts with using correct pronouns. I'm Elizabeth. My pronouns are she/her/hers. And I'll keep fighting to build an America where everyone feels seen and respected. 
I've lived in an America where abortion was illegal. If you were rich, you could still get an abortion—it was the most vulnerable people who couldn't get the care they need. I've got a plan to protect access to abortion no matter what the Supreme Court does.  
Why haven't we been able to pass any legislation to end the gun violence epidemic? Corruption, plain and simple.  
Today is our first-ever Grassroots Donor Thank You Day!Every person who pitches in a few dollars to makes a huge difference for our grassroots movement. Chip in any amount, and I could call you soon to say thanks.  
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $25 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $10 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $25 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $10 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $25 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
Climate change is an existential crisis—and yet there were no questions about it in last night's  We need to take bold action now to end the climate crisis before it's too late. And I've got a plan for that. 
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $10 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $25 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $10 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $25 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $10 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $25 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $10 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
Happy Grassroots Donor Thank You Day! Person by person and dollar by dollar, we're building our grassroots-funded movement and changing the way campaigns are financed. Share if you're a proud  
 So if you’re a  let’s celebrate you! 🥳Today, HQ team will be calling grassroots donors who chippe…
 🎉 Declaring October 16 𝗚𝗿𝗮𝘀𝘀𝗿𝗼𝗼𝘁𝘀 𝗗𝗼𝗻𝗼𝗿 𝗧𝗵𝗮𝗻𝗸 𝗬𝗼𝘂 𝗗𝗮𝘆! In three months, we raised $24.6M in grassroots donations—without…
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
For this campaign, it’s no big dollar fundraisers. No PACs. No federal lobbyists. No special access, or call time with rich donors. I spend my time with you! 
Our democracy shouldn’t be bought and paid for by the wealthy and powerful. It belongs to all of us. That's why my campaign is and will continue to be a grassroots campaign—funded by working people chipping in whatever they can. 
I know what's broken, I know how to fix it, and I'm willing to get out and fight for it.  
 Just contributed another $10 to after watching her  performance tonight. Here’s why: 💚She knows what ma…
People across this country want an America that works for all of us. I know what's broken, I know how to fix it, and I'm building a grassroots movement to get it done.  
 It's been a very long ; agonizing 3 yearsI'm ready to support a gal with a plan 👏 for 👏thatLet's get the jokers out of the…
At tonight’s  I talked about what our grassroots movement is fighting for: Big, structural change. And we’re doing it without fancy fundraisers, federal lobbyists, or PACs.Chip in $3 or whatever you can, and let’s do this together. 
Big tech giants are able to use their power to limit competition and undermine small businesses. You get to be the umpire or you get to have a team in the game—but you don't get to do both at the same time. We need to   
 The time for small ideas is over. We need to elect someone who knows what’s broken,…
  has lived in an America where abortion was illegal—and she knows we can never go back. That's why she's got a pla…
 Warren’s got a plan to: 👉Give every American quality affordable childcare👉Rebuild the middle class👉Forgive student…
 We need a wealth tax in order to make investments in the next generation. We are going to succeed when we dream big and fig…
Republicans, big banks, and even Democrats told me that I couldn't get the passed. But we dreamed big, fought hard, and won. When we're willing to fight for what we believe in, we can make big, structural change.  
I just stepped off the  stage after laying out the big, structural change our grassroots movement is going to make together.Will you chip in $3 or whatever you can right now to keep up our momentum? 
I just got off the  stage and I’m ready to celebrate with taking selfies with the people building our grassroots movement. 
Two of my three brothers are Republicans, but there are core things we are fighting for together. People across the country are ready for an America that works for everyone. 2020 is our moment is history. I know what’s broken, and I know how to fix it. 
 Every time I watch in another  I’m more and more hopeful that we can beat Tr…
Democrats win when we call out what’s broken, come up with a plan to fix it, and when we give people a reason to get in the fight. I'm not afraid to dream big and fight hard.  
If you made it to the top, good for you—but you should pitch in two cents so that everyone else has a chance to make it. We need a   
The was an example of dreaming big and fighting hard. People told me, go for something little. Go for something that the big corporations will be able to accept. I said no. Let's go for an agency that will make big, structural change in our economy. 
After the financial crisis, I had an idea for a consumer agency that would stop banks from cheating people. Republicans, big banks, even Democrats told me: You’ll never get it passed. But I fought hard. To date, the has returned $12 billion to American consumers. 
We need to address the elephant in the room: How campaigns are financed. Today, I announced that I’m not taking any money from Big Pharma, Big Tech, or Wall Street executives. You can’t go behind closed doors, take their money and then expect them to enforce the rules. 
 Democrats win when we call out what's broken and put out a plan to fix it. Democrats win when we fight for what we believe…
  is NOT taking money from big techLet's support her in that principled stancePitch in $5, $10, $20, whatever you…
I’m not willing to give up and let a handful of monopolies dominate our economy and our democracy. You get to be the umpire in the baseball game or you get to be a team—but you can’t be both. It’s time to   
I will outwork, out-organize, and outlast anyone—and that means Donald Trump, Mike Pence, or whoever the Republicans get stuck with. We can’t nibble around the edges. Democrats win when we call out what’s broken, and when we give people a reason to get in the fight. 
 I’m on  because single parents in America are spending 40% of their income on childcare ; Warren's got a pla…
My  on the richest top 0.1% of households will pay for:✅  Universal free public college✅ $50 billion investment in HBCUs✅ Cancelling student loan debt for 95% of the people who have it✅ And more! 
The opioid crisis has been driven by greed, pure and simple. Big pharmaceutical companies pumped 13 million prescription pills into the small town of Kermit, West Virginia. During that time these companies made $17 billion shipping opioids to West Virginia.  
The gun violence epidemic isn’t one and done. We have been so close to getting something done for years. We must attack the corruption and get rid of the filibuster—or else the gun lobby will always have a veto over gun legislation. 
We need to get our troops out of Syria, but we need to do it the right way. Donald Trump has sucked up to dictators, cut and run on our allies, and worsened a humanitarian crisis in Syria. We need a president who makes our country and the world safer. 
Here’s how I see it: If you make it to the top 0.1%, then pitch in two cents so that every kid in America has a fighting chance. My  would mean  free public college, a raise for child care workers—and a whole lot more. Sign up if you agree.
Here’s how I see it: If you make it to the top 0.1%, then pitch in two cents so that every kid in America has a fighting chance. My  would mean  free public college, a raise for child care workers—and a whole lot more. Sign up if you agree.
Here’s how I see it: If you make it to the top 0.1%, then pitch in two cents so that every kid in America has a fighting chance. My  would mean  free public college, a raise for child care workers—and a whole lot more. Sign up if you agree.
Here’s how I see it: If you make it to the top 0.1%, then pitch in two cents so that every kid in America has a fighting chance. My  would mean  free public college, a raise for child care workers—and a whole lot more. 
Taxing income isn’t going to get you where you need to be like taxing wealth will. We need a wealth tax in order to make investments in the next generation. As Democrats, we succeed when we dream big and fight hard—not when we think small and give up. 
With a two-cent tax on the richest top 0.1% of households, we’d have enough to pay for  provide universal free public college, put $50 billion into HBCUs, cancel student loan debt for 95% of the people who have it, and more. 
 “Medicare for all who want it” really means “Medicare for all who can afford it.” We have to make sure that everyone can ge…
 💚Warren is on our side. She knows what’s broken in this country and has the plans to fix it. That’s never been more clear than…
We’re all looking forward to strengthening America's middle class. It’s why I have a new plan for expanding Social Security—starting with an extra $200 a month that will lift millions of seniors out of poverty.  
We’ve had a lot of problems losing jobs. The reason is bad trade policy and giant multinational corporations that have no loyalty to American workers. They’re only loyal to their own bottom line. I have a plan to fix that.  
I spent most of my career studying one question: Why do hardworking people go broke? One of the major causes is the cost of health care. The problem we’ve got right now is the overall cost of health care. We must stop Americans from going bankrupt from health care. 
Let’s be clear: Whenever someone hears the term “Medicare for all who want it,” it really means “Medicare for all who can afford it.”  is the gold standard—that’s how we make sure everyone gets health care. 
I have made clear what my principles are on  Costs will go up for the wealthy and big corporations, and for hardworking middle class families, costs will go down. I will not sign a bill into law that does not lower costs for middle-class families. 
Sometimes there are issues that are bigger than politics. That’s the case with this impeachment inquiry. When the Mueller report came out, I read all 448 pages. When I got to the end, it became clear: This president obstructed justice, and did it repeatedly. Sign up if you agree.
Sometimes there are issues that are bigger than politics. That’s the case with this impeachment inquiry. When the Mueller report came out, I read all 448 pages. When I got to the end, it became clear: This president obstructed justice, and did it repeatedly. Sign up if you agree.
 No one is above the law, not even the president of the United States. And Donald Trump will continue breaking the law unles…
We took a constitutional oath: No one is above the law, and that includes the President of the United States. Impeachment is the way that we establish that Donald Trump—and future presidents—won’t be able to break the law over and over again without consequences. 
Sometimes there are issues that are bigger than politics. That’s the case with this impeachment inquiry. When the Mueller report came out, I read all 448 pages. When I got to the end, it became clear: This president obstructed justice, and did it repeatedly. 
Two years ago,  started a movement—millions spoke out and shared their stories. I'm fighting for an America where survivors receive the care they need, perpetrators are held accountable, and we can all be safe. 
It was so great to meet Gabrielle Marie Perez and Geisel Dieguez, who won the contest to join me at tonight's  Together, we're fighting for big, structural change, so students like them can have a brighter future. 
Cuando yo sea presidenta, las familias latinxs tendrán una líder que luchará por su comunidad en la Casa Blanca.  
When I become president, Latinx families will have a champion in the White House.  
Whatever issue brings you to politics, there's a reason why our country hasn’t been able to make progress: corruption. If we want to make big, structural change, we've got to get big money out of politics. And I've got a plan for that.  
Our democracy shouldn’t be bought and paid for by the wealthy and powerful. My plan will include a public financing program that would give a 6-1 match for small dollar contributions, less than $200. Sign up now to fight for publicly funded elections.
Our democracy shouldn’t be bought and paid for by the wealthy and powerful. My plan will include a public financing program that would give a 6-1 match for small dollar contributions, less than $200. Sign up now to fight for publicly funded elections.
Citizens United cleared the way for super PACs and dark money organizations that funnel millions of dollars into our politics. Every organization that makes an election-related expenditure should be required to disclose their large donors. Sign up if you’re with me.
Citizens United cleared the way for super PACs and dark money organizations that funnel millions of dollars into our politics. Every organization that makes an election-related expenditure should be required to disclose their large donors. Sign up if you’re with me.
If we can lie in Facebook ads and get away with it, we know that campaign finance laws are not equipped to address online political advertising. My plan would modernize campaign finance law for the digital age. If you are ready to regulate political ads on the internet, sign up.
If we can lie in Facebook ads and get away with it, we know that campaign finance laws are not equipped to address online political advertising. My plan would modernize campaign finance law for the digital age. If you are ready to regulate political ads on the internet, sign up.
If a campaign wants to have events at the homes of big bank executives or reward bundlers, they can do that—but voters should know. Under my plan, presidential campaigns will have to disclose all donors and fundraisers who are given titles. Sign up now if you're with me.
If a campaign wants to have events at the homes of big bank executives or reward bundlers, they can do that—but voters should know. Under my plan, presidential campaigns will have to disclose all donors and fundraisers who are given titles. Sign up now if you're with me.
When individuals who are paid to influence politicians also funnel money into the campaigns of those same politicians, that sounds like legalized bribery. My anti-corruption plan bans lobbyists from donating, bundling and fundraising for candidates. Sign up now if you’re with me.
When individuals who are paid to influence politicians also funnel money into the campaigns of those same politicians, that sounds like legalized bribery. My anti-corruption plan bans lobbyists from donating, bundling and fundraising for candidates. Sign up now if you’re with me.
I’m not going to take any contributions over $200 from executives at big tech companies, big banks, private equity firms, or hedge funds. And when I’m the Democratic nominee, I’m not going to change a thing in how I run my campaign. Sign up now to join our grassroots campaign.
I’m not going to take any contributions over $200 from executives at big tech companies, big banks, private equity firms, or hedge funds. And when I’m the Democratic nominee, I’m not going to change a thing in how I run my campaign. Sign up now to join our grassroots campaign.
Since Citizens United, outside groups have more than tripled their spending on political elections. We must pass a constitutional amendment to overturn the Supreme Court’s decisions in Citizens United and Buckley v. Valeo. Sign up now if you agree.
Since Citizens United, outside groups have more than tripled their spending on political elections. We must pass a constitutional amendment to overturn the Supreme Court’s decisions in Citizens United and Buckley v. Valeo. Sign up now if you agree.
Every election, lobbyists and billionaires try to buy off politicians. When I’m president, I’ll implement a comprehensive plan to permanently eliminate big money from our politics and return power to the people. Sign up now if you agree it’s time to get big money out of politics.
Every election, lobbyists and billionaires try to buy off politicians. When I’m president, I’ll implement a comprehensive plan to permanently eliminate big money from our politics and return power to the people. Sign up now if you agree it’s time to get big money out of politics.
Every election, lobbyists and billionaires try to buy off politicians. When I’m president, I’ll implement a comprehensive plan to permanently eliminate big money from our politics and return power to the people. Sign up now if you agree it’s time to get big money out of politics.
This is about more than just one phone call. It’s about a concerted effort by Donald Trump and those around him to abuse our diplomatic relationships for his personal political gain. He must be impeached—and everyone involved must be held accountable. 
We’re getting closer and closer to a big milestone: Two million grassroots donations.Will you chip in $3 to our grassroots campaign? 
Facebook shouldn't be intimidated into allowing lies and propaganda to be promoted on their website—and no private company should have this much power in the first place. We need to  
I'll prohibit campaign donations and political spending from being a consideration in the selection of an ambassador. I'll also ban corporations and lobbyists from donating to inaugural committees and place contribution limits on donations. Read more here: 
Trump may think a big campaign check qualifies someone to represent our country abroad—but I don’t. I've pledged to not participate in the corrupt practice of selling cushy diplomatic posts to wealthy donors. And my new plan to get big money out of politics goes further.
Lynda Blanchard, David Melech Friedman, Robert Kohorst, John Rakolta, Carla Sands, Jeffrey Ross Gunter, Jamie McCourt, and George Glass became ambassadors after they, or their associates, gave a combined $1.63 million.
Don Tapia, a former electrical product company chairman, was nominated to be our ambassador to Jamaica—a country he had not visited for about 20 years—after donating $100,000 to Trump’s inauguration. 
Trump nominated Kelly Knight Craft, a “gold-level” member at Trump’s hotels and whose husband donated $1 million to Trump’s inauguration, as our ambassador to Canada. She spent more than half of her time outside Canada, so Trump rewarded her by nominating her to be UN ambassador. 
Doug Manchester, a real estate executive who was accused of inappropriate behavior with female employees working for the newspaper he owned, donated $1 million to Trump’s inaugural committee. His nomination for ambassador to the Bahamas is still pending. 
Robert “Woody” Johnson, the owner of the New York Jets who participated in a tax scheme that cost the U.S. Treasury an estimated $300 million, donated $1 million to Trump’s inaugural committee. He’s currently the ambassador to the United Kingdom. 
Gordon Sondland, Donald Trump’s ambassador to the EU, who was blocked from testifying before Congress last week, got his job after donating $1 million to Trump’s inaugural committee. 
Here are just a few of Trump’s unqualified ambassador-donors. Together, these wealthy donors gave an average of nearly $450,000 to Trump’s Inaugural committee—which is now under federal investigation.
For decades, administrations of both political parties appointed big donors as ambassadors. They're usually not experts in the country, foreign policy—or anything else relevant to the job. But Donald Trump perfected the act of selling swanky diplomatic posts to rich buffoons.
I don't spend call time asking rich donors to throw big dollar fundraisers or underwrite my campaign. My call time is spent with grassroots donors, thanking them for chipping in whatever they can. Mind if I make just a few more? 
Our democracy shouldn’t be bought and paid for by the wealthy and powerful. It belongs to all of us. Getting big money out of politics is a critical part of fighting corruption and making the big, structural change that we need.
Finally, we need to put power back in the hands of the people. So I will establish a public financing program that would give a 6-1 match for small dollar contributions to candidates and parties. And I'll lower the limits for how much individuals can contribute to campaigns.
We need to expand disclosure of fundraising and spending. The system of money for influence is helped at every stage by secrecy. We need to require additional disclosures by presidential campaigns, update laws for online political advertising, and bring dark money into the light.
I'll start by ending the corrupt system of money for influence. We must pass a constitutional amendment to overturn the Supreme Court’s disastrous decisions in Citizens United and Buckley v. Valeo. But we can and must also pass new campaign finance laws to shut down corruption.
This is a start, but voluntary changes aren’t going to be enough to clean up the corruption in our elections. That’s why when I’m president, I’ll implement a comprehensive plan to permanently eliminate big money from our politics and return our democracy to the people.
Voters have a right to know who is buying access and recognition with the possible future leaders of our party—and how much it costs. So I’m also calling on every candidate in this race to disclose any donor or fundraiser who has a special title on their campaign.
Today, I’m announcing that in addition to these policies, I’m not going to take any contributions over $200 from executives at big tech companies, big banks, private equity firms, or hedge funds. My campaign is and will continue to be a grassroots campaign.
My campaign doesn’t take money from federal lobbyists or PACs, and I don't take contributions over $200 from fossil fuel or big pharma executives. No call time with rich donors or giving them special access. And when I’m the Democratic nominee, that won't change.
Corruption in Washington is holding back progress—and much of it is perfectly legal thanks to the Supreme Court. It’s time to get big money out of politics and put power back in the hands of the people—and I've got a plan for that. 
Edith Espinal has lived in the United States for decades, raising a family and building a community. And the Trump administration wants to deport herStay strong, When I'm president, I will protect asylum seekers. 
I really do love my boa! Thanks and had so much fun at Las Vegas Pride with you. 
Black and Latinx families are more likely to live in neighborhoods with higher concentrations of air pollution than white families. Environmental justice must be at the center of our response to climate change.  
Just over six months ago, the Trump administration began implementing Trump's shameful ban on transgender service members. When I am president, I will reverse this policy on day one. 
We must fulfill our trust and treaty obligations to Tribal Nations. We must protect Tribal sovereignty and self-determination. And we have to go even further to empower indigenous peoples to build stronger communities and a brighter future. 
The story of America’s mistreatment of indigenous peoples is long and painful. And yet, Native communities have proven resilient. We owe them our respect—and we must honor our government's commitments and promises to them. 
Sorry, Thanks for joining me on I'll miss seeing you and on Congratulations on five incredible seasons! 
In the community of Rosemont in Charleston, South Carolina, climate change and a century of industrial pollution has hit families of color first and worst. I have a plan to fight our crisis of environmental injustice. 
Atatiana Jefferson should still be alive. We need real reform, now—including federal standards for the use of force that incorporate proven strategies like de-escalation, verbal warning requirements, and the use of non-lethal alternatives. 
Companies shifted their resources and strategies because of Facebook's inflated metrics, costing them money and contributing to job losses. We need to do a lot more to hold Facebook accountable. 
Thank you, I want to make sure everyone's needs are reflected in my plans, and that your voices are uplifted. Thanks for being on  
Let’s be clear: 2020 is our chance to root out corruption in Washington and return power to the people.But that means we’ll need everyone pitching in to keep building our movement. Donate to our grassroots campaign, and let’s do this together. 
You’re making my point here. It’s up to you whether you take money to promote lies. You can be in the disinformation-for-profit business, or you can hold yourself to some standards. In fact, those standards were in your policy. Why the change? 
Hemos hecho enormes avances hacia la igualdad para los estadounidenses LGBTQ+. Pero ese progreso está en peligro, y la lucha hacia la igualdad aún no termina. Lucharé junto a organizadores y líderes del movimiento hasta que cada persona LGBTQ+ pueda prosperar sin discriminación. 
 Thanks for marching with me, Casey! 
 Every time I speak with Elizabeth Warren, she brings up gun violence prevention and says how much she appreciates the…
I love love love our new  t-shirts! Grateful to artist and illustrator for bringing my boa to life. 
Dream big, fight hard, and live proud. Thank you, Las Vegas! 
Facebook already helped elect Donald Trump once through negligence. Now, they've changed their policy so they can profit from lies to the American people. It's time to hold Mark Zuckerberg accountable—add your name if you agree: 
The Trump campaign is currently spending $1 million a *week* on ads including ones containing known lies—ads that TV stations refuse to air because they’re false. Facebook just takes the cash, no questions asked. 
Once again, we’re seeing Facebook throw its hands up to battling misinformation in the political discourse, because when profit comes up against protecting democracy, Facebook chooses profit.
Facebook holds incredible power to affect elections and our national debate. They’ve decided to let political figures lie to you—even about Facebook itself—while their executives and their investors get even richer off the ads containing these lies.
We intentionally made a Facebook ad with false claims and submitted it to Facebook’s ad platform to see if it’d be approved. It got approved quickly and the ad is now running on Facebook. Take a look: 
Facebook changed their ads policy to allow politicians to run ads with known lies—explicitly turning the platform into a disinformation-for-profit machine. This week, we decided to see just how far it goes.
I loved meeting Antonio, the winner of our Las Vegas Pride contest! Antonio lives right here in Nevada, and I'm glad he's in this fight with me for big, structural change. 
Now let’s ban them everywhere. 
This is excellent news! Families shouldn't be penalized for needing food, housing, or health care. 
Amazon has used their immense power to limit competition, undercut small businesses, and boost their own products and profits.You can be an umpire or you can own a team, but you can't do both in the same game. It's time to  
My job is to be strong for little girls—to show them that when you fight for what you believe in, you can win. And they make me stronger, too.  
As president, I won’t blink at questions on LGBTQ+ equality. As president, I will fight shoulder to shoulder with the LGBTQ+ community. Sign up if you’re ready for a president who is ready to fight for LGBTQ+ equality.
We must take proactive steps to secure LGBTQ+ rights by passing the Equality Act. And in my first 100 days as president, I will use every legal tool to ensure that LGBTQ+ people can live free from discrimination. 
Happy  to everyone—whether you're coming out today, you've been out for a while, you're coming out again and again, or if you're not quite ready. You are loved, and we can't wait to lift you up. I'll fight until you are free to live and thrive exactly as you are. 
Private equity firms are sucking value out of our companies, putting people out of work, and wiping out newspapers and digital news outlets like I have a plan to hold these firms accountable. 
Looking forward to it! 
Whether it’s a 5k or an election—bring it on. Thanks for the question, 
I will have a Secretary of Education who believes in public education, who believes in the value of every single one of our kids, and who will enforce our civil rights laws.  
How would I respond to someone who says marriage is between one man and one woman?  
We must use the leverage of the U.S. market to lift LGBTQ+ rights around the world. If companies want to come sell stuff here, then they must meet our standards: Labor standards, environmental standards, and human rights standards to protect LGBTQ+ communities. 
I strongly support teaching children about gender identity. We live in a world with a lot of different folks who look different, sound different, and who form different families. As Americans, we should look at this and see this as our strength. 
I was glad to answer Jacob’s question. I promised him: When I’m president, we’ll have a Secretary of Education who believes in the value of every one of our kids, and who will enforce our civil rights laws to make kids like him feel safe in school. 
We believe that equal means equal. I say it because I want Republicans to hear that. I want them to know that people vote based on LGBTQ+ issues. We’ll push Mitch McConnell right now—but my main goal is that he’s not the Majority Leader come January 2021. 
I will  I will fight to end this epidemic. I will celebrate and uplift the voices of the many transgender people who are persisting and succeeding in spite of injustice. And I'll fight to ensure that every LGBTQ+ person has the opportunity to thrive.
We need a president who will  and fight to end this epidemic. We must ensure that trans women of color—and all LGBTQ+ people—aren't just safe from violence and discrimination, but also have every opportunity to thrive and succeed.
At the last LGBTQ+ forum, I read the names of 18 Black trans women who had been killed in 2019. Last night, we learned about another cruel loss, Itali Marlowe. 
Tune in tonight at 9 PM ET/6 PM PT as we talk about the big, structural change we need to make sure every LGBTQ+ American can live free from discrimination and fear. 
As president, my administration will set a goal of achieving zero emissions in all new cars, medium-duty trucks, and buses by 2030. If you’re ready to fight for bold action to confront the climate crisis, learn more here.
As president, I’ll work to rapidly achieve 100% clean, renewable, and zero-emission energy in electricity generation. If you’re ready to fight for bold action to confront the climate crisis, learn more here.
As President, I’ll commit $2 trillion to grow our green manufacturing and an additional $1 trillion—fully paid for by reversing Trump’s tax cuts for the wealthy—to achieve 100% clean energy by 2030.
HIV/AIDS remains a public health crisis with 1.1 million people continuing to live with HIV in the U.S. today. As president, I will fight to increase funding for federal HIV/AIDS programs and research. Sign up now if you’re with me.
HIV/AIDS remains a public health crisis with 1.1 million people continuing to live with HIV in the U.S. today. As president, I will fight to increase funding for federal HIV/AIDS programs and research. Sign up now if you’re with me.
For decades, the FDA has banned gay and bisexual men from donating blood. As president, I would lift this ban completely and make sure that any restrictions around blood donations are grounded in science and based on individual risk factors. Sign up now if you’re with me.
For decades, the FDA has banned gay and bisexual men from donating blood. As president, I would lift this ban completely and make sure that any restrictions around blood donations are grounded in science and based on individual risk factors. Sign up now if you’re with me.
We must institute a nationwide ban on conversion therapy. As president, I will ensure that no federal dollars are used to support conversion therapy and will take executive action to end conversion therapy against  minors. Sign up if you’re with me.
We must institute a nationwide ban on conversion therapy. As president, I will ensure that no federal dollars are used to support conversion therapy and will take executive action to end conversion therapy against  minors. Sign up if you’re with me.
Ten percent of transgender people aged 18-25 reported having attempted suicide in the last year. As president, I’ll fight to make sure every  young person is treated with dignity, fairness, and love at home and in school. If you’re with me, sign up now.
Ten percent of transgender people aged 18-25 reported having attempted suicide in the last year. As president, I’ll fight to make sure every  young person is treated with dignity, fairness, and love at home and in school. If you’re with me, sign up now.
Lesbian, gay, and bisexual youth are almost five times as likely to have attempted suicide as their straight peers. As president, I’ll fight to make sure every  student has an equal opportunity to thrive. If you’re with me, sign up now.
Lesbian, gay, and bisexual youth are almost five times as likely to have attempted suicide as their straight peers. As president, I’ll fight to make sure every  student has an equal opportunity to thrive. If you’re with me, sign up now.
We must prevent the weaponization of religion to discriminate against  people. As president, I will fight to pass the Do No Harm Act to guarantee that religious beliefs can’t be used to harm LGBTQ+ people. Sign up if you're with me.
We must prevent the weaponization of religion to discriminate against  people. As president, I will fight to pass the Do No Harm Act to guarantee that religious beliefs can’t be used to harm LGBTQ+ people. Sign up if you're with me.
As president, I will fight to pass the Equality Act to explicitly guarantee that no  person in America is discriminated against for who they are or who they love. There should be no question that LGBTQ+ Americans have equal rights under law. Sign up if you're with me.
As president, I will fight to pass the Equality Act to explicitly guarantee that no  person in America is discriminated against for who they are or who they love. There should be no question that LGBTQ+ Americans have equal rights under law. Sign up if you're with me.
The Supreme Court just heard three cases that threaten to roll back  rights. No matter what happens at the Supreme Court, we need a president who will lift up the voices of every LGBTQ+ person and fight back. Sign up now if you’re with me.
The Supreme Court just heard three cases that threaten to roll back  rights. No matter what happens at the Supreme Court, we need a president who will lift up the voices of every LGBTQ+ person and fight back. Sign up now if you’re with me.
Liberian immigrants fled violence and civil war and built lives, businesses, and communities here. Revoking their protection from deportation is cruel and dangerous. I'll fight to protect Deferred Enforced Departure for Liberian immigrants. 
An additional $23 a month is not nearly enough. I’ve got a plan to increase Social Security benefits immediately by $200 a month.  
Everyone should get the mental health care they need and be treated with dignity and respect. I'll fight to end the stigma around mental health—and under  every person will have comprehensive mental health coverage. 
Thank you give me hope too as we fight for a better future! 
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
In addition to abusing and manipulating our diplomatic relationships for Trump's political gain, we can add corruption and campaign finance violations to the list. 
As we fight the climate crisis, justice for communities on the front lines must be at the core of our response to climate change—and I’ve got a plan for that. 
 Thank you for sharing your mom’s story,
Less than two months ago, AT;T signed a statement promising to value employees, not just shareholders. If they're truly serious, they should reject this plan to turn a quick profit by laying off workers and outsourcing jobs. I stand with 
Keep my boa safe, need it for 
We've made enormous strides toward equality for LGBTQ+ Americans. But that progress is already under attack, and the path to full equality is far from over. I'll fight alongside organizers and movement leaders until every LGBTQ+ person can thrive free from discrimination. 
The path to LGBTQ+ equality is far from over, but shoulder to shoulder, I’ll fight alongside the leaders and organizers who have been at the helm from the very beginning. Because when we organize together, when we fight together, and when we persist together—we can win.
At least 19 trans people have been killed just this year—almost all of whom were Black trans women. I will create a new grant program within the Office of Violence Against Women to channel resources to organizations by and for trans people to end this crisis.
The Trump administration has sought to roll back protections for LGBTQ+ people around the world. In my administration, it will end. I'll protect LGBTQ+ asylum seekers and put the full muscle of the State Department behind protecting human rights for LGBTQ+ people globally.
As president, I’ll fight to make sure that every LGBTQ+ person can get the equitable, gender-affirming health care they need. That means  And I’ll immediately work to repeal the Trump administration's efforts to permit discrimination in health care.
The criminal justice system should work to ensure safety for all. My plan to reform our criminal justice system recognizes that LGBTQ+ individuals—particularly LGBTQ+ people of color—face unique risks and are disproportionately harmed, and takes steps to reform the status quo.
I’ll also push for landmark new anti-discrimination legislation to protect workers from harassment. And I am open to decriminalizing sex work. Sex workers, like all workers, deserve autonomy and are particularly vulnerable to physical and financial abuse.
Returning power to working people will be the overarching goal of my presidency, and I’ll fight to make sure that LGBTQ+ people have an equal share of an economy that works for everyone. I'll take executive action to fight workplace discrimination.
Like all people, LGBTQ+ Americans deserve safe, affordable housing. I'll increase the supply of affordable housing and strengthen protections against discrimination. And, as president, I'll develop a comprehensive LGBTQ+ youth homelessness prevention program.
LGBTQ+ youth are more likely to experience a mental health problem and attempt suicide. That’s why I’ll fight to ensure that LGBTQ+ youth and families are supported and protected so they can thrive. They must be treated with dignity, fairness, and love.
First, I will fight to pass the Equality Act to explicitly ban anti-LGBTQ+ discrimination. But we can’t wait on Congress. In my first 100 days as president, I’ll use every legal tool we have to make sure that LGBTQ+ people can live free from discrimination.
The problems we face are deeply rooted and systemic, so this plan tackles many different areas. From health care to affordable housing, criminal justice reform, and empowering LGBTQ+ workers, I’ll fight to ensure that every LGBTQ+ person has the opportunity to thrive.
LGBTQ+ activists and organizers have made enormous strides toward equality—but that hard-won progress is already under attack. We need a president who is ready to fight back. I've got a plan to secure LGBTQ+ rights and equality. 
Shutting off power will be enormously costly to local economies and dangerous for vulnerable populations. This is not a solution to the climate crisis. We need a 100% clean and distributed energy system to build strong, climate-resilient communities. 
We can fight back against pregnancy discrimination by sharing similar stories—and by fighting for the big, structural change we need to protect pregnant people and their families. Together, we'll win. 
  recognizes the fact that environmental justice goes hand in hand with building wealth in Black and Brown communities…
 Thank you so much for your contributions, Joshua. The communities at the front lines of this fight should lead the way, and I want to make sure your voice is elevated.
 Honored to fight alongside you to end the climate crisis.
The communities on the front lines of the climate crisis must lead the way toward a clean energy economy, and I promise to elevate their voices in this fight. 
 I have a feeling that many people in tech will see Warren's thread implying FB empowers Trump over Warren as unfair. But M…
Clean air and clean water are human rights—but too many communities of color are denied these rights because of environmental racism. I've got a plan to fight for environmental justice. 
Yet again, a synagogue has been attacked during a Jewish holiday. I'm heartsick for the victims of this cruel attack, and Bruce and I are keeping the congregation in our hearts. We must all fight against the global rise of anti-Semitic violence. 
Facebook already helped elect Donald Trump once. Now, they're deliberately allowing a candidate to intentionally lie to the American people. This is a serious threat to our democracy. We need transparency and accountability from Facebook. 
 Following trip to  she’s rolling out one of the boldest plans for environmental justice we’ve seen.…
Congratulations to on his historic election as Montgomery, Alabama's first African American mayor! I can't wait to see the big, structural change you make.
 Thank you for fighting for LGBTQ+ rights at the Supreme Court yesterday, Alistair—I’m in this fight alongside you all the way.
 Excellent work, Arden—please tell Roger that he’ll always have a place with us and that I’m grateful down to my toes that he’s with 
I’m going to continue helping the Democratic Party and Democratic candidates everywhere so we have the resources not just to beat Donald Trump but also to win back Congress and state legislatures all across the country. That’s how we’re going to make big, structural change.
I will also do everything I can to build our party infrastructure and strengthen Democratic candidates up and down the ballot across the country. In 2018, I gave or raised more than $11 million to state and local candidates and parties.
My campaign is and will continue to be a grassroots campaign—funded by working people chipping in a few bucks here and there. Chip in if that's the kind of campaign you think candidates should be running: 
And when I’m the Democratic nominee for president, I’m not going to change a thing in how I run my campaign: No PAC money. No federal lobbyist money. No special access or call time with wealthy donors or high-dollar fundraisers to underwrite my campaign.
As part of my campaign, I haven’t been taking PAC money or federal lobbyist money or giving special access to rich donors through call time or high-dollar fundraisers.
Whatever issue got you into politics, progress is hard because of one thing: Money. Our government works great for the wealthy and well-connected but not for anyone else.
Trump recklessly betrayed our Kurdish partners and cleared the way for Turkey’s invasion of Syria—reopening the door for ISIS and furthering a humanitarian crisis. We should bring our troops home, but we need to do so in a way that protects our security. 
Supreme Court justices should be held to a code of ethics—and held accountable when they fail to live up to it. 
As I’ve traveled this country, I’ve heard the human stories from frontline communities. Families where many people have cancer. Coastal communities facing the threat of rising sea levels. Ruined land and poisoned water. These communities need justice—and I will stand with them.
Finally, we will hold corporate polluters accountable for the damage they've done in frontline communities and for their role in the climate crisis. My administration will impose steep fines on violators, which we'll reinvest in impacted communities.
But we must ensure that we honor our commitments to fossil fuel workers as we transition to the new green economy. We'll ensure that new jobs have similar wages and benefits. And I'll fight to protect the pensions and benefits that they've earned.
As we fight the climate crisis, we have an opportunity to create millions of good-paying American jobs and rebuild our unions. We cannot fight climate change with a low-wage economy. Workers and unions must be our partners in this fight.
As we work to enact the  I'll make sure that frontline community leaders who know best what their neighborhoods need are elevated in my White House and lead the way toward the big, structural change we need. They've been doing this work for decades—we should listen.
We need to invest in the communities who have borne the brunt of industrial pollution and are on the front lines of climate change. I'll direct at least $1 trillion to the most vulnerable communities—not just to clean up pollution, but to help them build a more resilient future.
Industrial pollution has been concentrated in communities of color due to decades of discrimination and racism—and a system that puts corporate profits before people. We need big, structural change, focused on and led by members of those communities.
Justice for communities on the front lines of the climate crisis must be at the core of our response to climate change. Here's my plan for how I'll center environmental justice in the fight to end the climate crisis. 
After I became visibly pregnant, I was told that the job I'd been promised for next year would go to someone else. Pregnancy discrimination is real, and it still happens today—but telling our stories is one way we can fight back. Here are some of your stories that I heard today. 
Pregnancy discrimination in the workplace is illegal—sadly it’s still alarmingly common, in subtle and not-so-subtle ways. 
Scientists like Dr. are warning us about what can happen if we fail to stop the climate crisis—and many communities are already seeing the effects. Those on the front lines of the climate crisis must lead the way toward a solution. 
Our federal judges must be held to the highest ethical standards—and I’ve got a plan for that. 
Bruce and I wish a g’mar chatima tovah to everyone observing Yom Kippur. May it be a meaningful fast and a day of personal introspection and reflection.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $25 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $10 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $25 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $10 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $25 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $10 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $25 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $10 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $25 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $10 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $25 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $10 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
Rev. Carey Grady is right—the communities that have suffered the greatest harm must be the ones to lead the way forward. And I'll fight alongside those communities for the big, structural change we need. 
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $25 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $10 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $25 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $10 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $25 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $10 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in whatever you can now to be automatically entered!
We need a government that's on the side of families—not giant corporations polluting our communities. and I walked through 48217, the most polluted zip code in Michigan, and talked with the families living every day with the effects of pollution. 
Gordon Sondland, our Ambassador to the European Union, got his job after donating $1 million to Trump's inaugural committee. We need to end the corrupt practice of selling cushy diplomatic posts to wealthy donors. And I've got a plan for that. 
This is obstruction of justice—an impeachable offense. 
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with me—hotel and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
The Trump administration is arguing that the Supreme Court should undo the progress we've made and let employers fire LGBTQ+ people because of their gender identity or sexual orientation. We need a president that will fight discrimination and protect LGBTQ+ rights. 
This was 1971, years before Congress outlawed pregnancy discrimination—but we know it still happens in subtle and not-so-subtle ways. We can fight back by telling our stories. I tell mine on the campaign trail, and I hope to hear yours.
When I was 22 and finishing my first year of teaching, I had an experience millions of women will recognize. By June I was visibly pregnant—and the principal told me the job I'd already been promised for the next year would go to someone else.
Our legal system loses its legitimacy when the American people don’t believe that judges will be ethical and fair-minded. It's time to make sure our federal judges are held to the highest ethical standards. And I've got a plan for that:  
Equal justice under law.We believe it, now it's time to act on it.That’s why I’ve got a plan to hold our judges to the highest ethical standards. 
We need accountability. That should start with Congress and the appropriate state authorities opening investigations and conducting hearings to make Facebook executives explain the company’s policies and practices—under oath.
In fact, this time they’re going further by taking deliberate steps to help one candidate intentionally mislead the American people, while painting the candidacy of others (specifically: mine) as an "existential” threat. This is a serious concern for our democratic process.
There’s no indication that Zuckerberg or Facebook executives have come to terms with the role their unpreparedness played in that successful attack, nor have they shown that they understand what needs to be done to prevent another attack in the 2020 election.
Facebook already helped elect Donald Trump once because they were asleep at the wheel while Russia attacked our democracy—allowing fake, foreign accounts to run ad campaigns to influence our elections.
They’re allowing Trump to spend over $1 million a week right now for ads on their platform—including ones that air the same lies that TV stations won’t. Here’s an example of an ad that Facebook let Trump run despite being obviously untrue:  
After that meeting, Facebook quietly changed its policies on “misinformation” in ads, allowing politicians to run ads that have already been debunked by independent, non-partisan fact-checkers. Put another way, Facebook is now okay with running political ads with known lies.
For instance, Trump and Zuckerberg met at the White House two weeks ago. What did they talk about? 
Facebook has incredible power to affect elections and our national debate. Mark Zuckerberg is telling employees that he views a Warren administration as an “existential” threat to Facebook. The public deserves to know how Facebook intends to use their influence in this election.
The daily toll of gun violence in communities across the country is overwhelming. I’m heartsick for the victims and their families. We need action to end gun violence—now. 
China is trying to use its market power to silence free speech and criticism of its conduct. In response, the NBA chose its pocketbook over its principles—and our values. We should all be speaking out in support of those protesting for their rights. 
It shouldn't take a federal judge to force a candidate to disclose their tax returns. My plan to end corruption would require any candidate for federal office to disclose their tax returns.  
 👉SC Rep. Wendy Brawley: “If you’ve ever heard  speak, she speaks in such personable terms about her life. She s…
For decades, the wealthy and the well-connected have put the American government to work for them. It's time to make sure everyone else has a chance to succeed. We need a  more. 
I support bringing our troops home from Syria. But President Trump's reckless and unplanned withdrawal undermines both our partners and our security. We need a strategy to end this conflict, not a president who can be swayed by one phone call. 
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Sign up here for your chance to win.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to be automatically entered!
'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Sign up here for your chance to win.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Sign up here for your chance to win.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
These changes will allow us to hold bad actors accountable, and begin to restore accountability and trust in a fair, impartial federal judiciary.
We'll ensure that Supreme Court justices follow a code of ethics, too. That means that a judge accused of lying to Congress, like Brett Kavanaugh, could face a full judicial investigation. And they couldn't end that investigation by being elevated to the Supreme Court.
It’s time for fundamental reform. My plan will ensure that federal judges do not hear cases where they have conflicts of interest, strengthen our nation’s ethics rules for judges, and ensure accountability for those who violate these rules.
And when judges have come under investigation, they can simply resign to avoid accountability. That's how Donald Trump’s sister, Maryanne Trump Barry, ended an investigation into the Trump family’s potential tax fraud and other tax schemes.
Justices Clarence Thomas and Antonin Scalia did not recuse themselves from Citizens United v. FEC, the case that opened an avalanche of money in politics to the benefit of people like the Koch brothers, who invited the pair on multiple all-expenses paid retreats.
A basic principle of our federal judicial system is that judges make decisions as disinterested, impartial observers. Yet several judges have ruled on cases while owning stock in companies arguing before them.
Our legal system loses its legitimacy when the American people don’t believe that judges will be ethical and fair-minded. I have a plan to strengthen the integrity and impartiality of the federal judiciary. 
We continue to break records as our planet gets hotter and hotter. We need urgent action now to end the climate crisis. 
It’s disgusting that the Trump administration is arguing in favor of discrimination. We need an administration that will fight to protect LGBTQ+ rights. 
Americans will lose trust in our judicial system if they no longer believe that our judges will be held to the highest ethical standards. Like the man who appointed him, Brett Kavanaugh should be impeached.  
We cannot have a truly democratic society with so little power in the hands of working people. We cannot have sustained and inclusive economic growth without a stronger labor movement. 
I'm heartsick for Joshua Brown's family and friends. He bravely stepped forward and testified to bring some justice for Botham Jean, and peace for his family. We need answers—and Joshua Brown and his family need justice.
I’m with you all the way! My plan to return power to working people will expand the right to unionize to even more workers. When unions win, all workers win.   
Here’s my promise to America’s public school teachers—I’ll appoint a Secretary of Education who has been a public school teacher. 
 Haven’t gotten out to knock doors for yet? Now’s your chance to start.This  we’re canvassing across…
I will protect and expand workers' rights. That starts with appointing a dedicated advocate for workers to any Supreme Court vacancy. 
Glad I had the opportunity to talk about my two-cent wealth tax in San Diego earlier this week. It's two cents per dollar after the first $50 million, and with it, we can pay for  make public college free for all, and much more. 
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me yesterday, In a Warren administration, immigrants and refugees will be treated with dignity and respect. I’m in this fight with you all the way. 
  grew up in a paycheck to paycheck family. She understands the power of unions to make lives better: “Unions are t…
  plan puts unions front and center as the vehicle for working people to have power in our economy. She recogniz…
 It’s time to embrace a future where anyone who wants to join a union in their workplace can — no exceptions. Nila Payton, a hospi…
This campaign is an adventure—and I couldn't do it without Bruce by my side. 
The US-India partnership has always been rooted in our shared democratic values. I'm concerned about recent events in Kashmir, including a continued communications blackout and other restrictions. The rights of the people of Kashmir must be respected.
So good to join today to talk about how we can return power to working people by protecting and strengthening unions. Together, we’re going to make big, structural change! 
If Facebook finds my scrutiny uncomfortable, here's what Mark Zuckerberg and his team could work on:—Ending his company's illegal anticompetitive practices—Protecting consumers' privacy instead of Facebook's profits—Ensuring Facebook isn’t undermining our election security 
 Thank you so much for coming to our Washington Square Park event, Cath! Stay strong out there—we’re gonna win this fight together.
Kroger is laying off hundreds of workers—after spending billions on stock buybacks. Union workers are fighting for Kroger's success, but who in Kroger is fighting for workers? I've got a plan to return power to working people. 
  where our families are, where our lives are. On November 12, the Supreme Court will hear arguments on the l…
We have to end the widespread practice of misclassifying workers as independent contractors—and in the meantime, my administration will protect the right of gig workers to form unions.  
If 100 people died today from a mysterious virus, we would be all over it.Gun violence is a public health emergency. Let's treat it that way. 
Under my plan, we will raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour for all workers, including tipped workers and workers with disabilities. Sign up now to fight for a $15 minimum wage.
Under my plan, we will raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour for all workers, including tipped workers and workers with disabilities. Sign up now to fight for a $15 minimum wage.
“Right to work” laws deprive unions of funds needed to represent workers, bargain contracts, and organize new workers. Repealing the federal law that permits states to pass these anti-worker laws will be a top priority of mine as President. Sign up now to join me.
“Right to work” laws deprive unions of funds needed to represent workers, bargain contracts, and organize new workers. Repealing the federal law that permits states to pass these anti-worker laws will be a top priority of mine as President. Sign up now to join me.
Returning power to working people will be the overall goal of my presidency. I’ve got a plan for the most progressive and comprehensive agenda for workers since the New Deal. Sign up now to join our fight.
One of my primary goals as president will be reversing the decline in union membership and putting workers at the center of our economy. Unions built America’s middle class, and they will help rebuild America’s middle class. Sign up now to join our fight.
In 2002, the Supreme Court issued a ruling that encourages employers to exploit undocumented workers, which could lower wages for all workers. I will fight to end this form of exploitation and ensure that all workers are protected. Sign up now to join me.
In 2002, the Supreme Court issued a ruling that encourages employers to exploit undocumented workers, which could lower wages for all workers. I will fight to end this form of exploitation and ensure that all workers are protected. Sign up now to join me.
In 2016, the Obama Administration determined that graduate students who get paid for teaching or research are employees and therefore have a right to unionize. I will appoint NLRB members who will protect the right of graduate students to organize. Sign up if you're with me.
In 2016, the Obama Administration determined that graduate students who get paid for teaching or research are employees and therefore have a right to unionize. I will appoint NLRB members who will protect the right of graduate students to organize. Sign up if you're with me.
An "employee” has rights under federal law that “independent contractors” do not. As a result, companies like Uber and Lyft try to misclassify workers as independent contractors. I will fight to end this practice that denies basic rights to millions. Sign up if you're with me.
An "employee” has rights under federal law that “independent contractors” do not. As a result, companies like Uber and Lyft try to misclassify workers as independent contractors. I will fight to end this practice that denies basic rights to millions. Sign up if you're with me.
I pledge as President to nominate a demonstrated advocate for workers to fill any Supreme Court vacancy. We can’t afford more decisions from the Supreme Court that strip workers of rights and hand more power to corporations. Sign up now if you're with me.
I pledge as President to nominate a demonstrated advocate for workers to fill any Supreme Court vacancy. We can’t afford more decisions from the Supreme Court that strip workers of rights and hand more power to corporations. Sign up now if you're with me.
Returning power to working people will be the overall goal of my presidency. I’ve got a plan for the most progressive and comprehensive agenda for workers since the New Deal. Sign up now to join our fight.
Returning power to working people will be the overall goal of my presidency. I’ve got a plan for the most progressive and comprehensive agenda for workers since the New Deal. Sign up now to join our fight.
American workers don’t have enough power, and I have a plan to fight for them. I will partner with Congress, use bold executive action, and pursue the most progressive and comprehensive agenda for workers since the New Deal. Sign up now if you're with me.
American workers don’t have enough power, and I have a plan to fight for them. I will partner with Congress, use bold executive action, and pursue the most progressive and comprehensive agenda for workers since the New Deal. Sign up now if you're with me.
Unions built America’s middle class, and unions will rebuild America’s middle class. And when I am president, unions will have an ally in the White House. 
 We're celebrating $24.6 million raised in the third quarter! 🎉That means: ✅500,000+ people making 940,000+ donations ✅30…
Elizabeth knows our movement depends on putting the voices of voters above wealthy donors. This grassroots movement is built on the principle that no one should own a bigger piece of our democracy. Will you chip in today to help grow this grassroots movement?
I won’t stop taking selfies with supporters—no matter how big the crowd—because they’re more than just a photo opportunity. They’re an opportunity to hear directly from the people I’m fighting for. Will you chip in today to help make my next selfie line possible?
I’m grateful for every grassroots supporter who chipped in to help us raise $24.6 million in the third quarter. This grassroots movement is only possible when we all fight together. Will you chip in today to help make the next selfie line possible and grow this movement?
Elizabeth knows our movement depends on putting the voices of voters above wealthy donors. This grassroots movement is built on the principle that no one should own a bigger piece of our democracy. Will you chip in today to help grow this grassroots movement?
I won’t stop taking selfies with supporters—no matter how big the crowd—because they’re more than just a photo opportunity. They’re an opportunity to hear directly from the people I’m fighting for. Will you chip in today to help make my next selfie line possible?
I’m grateful for every grassroots supporter who chipped in to help us raise $24.6 million in the third quarter. This grassroots movement is only possible when we all fight together. Will you chip in today to help make the next selfie line possible and grow this movement?
I’m grateful down to my toes for every grassroots supporter who chipped in to help raise $24.6 million in the third fundraising quarter. Together, we’re building a movement that’s going to put power back in the hands of the people. 
Extremist Republican lawmakers are hoping the Supreme Court will back their radical play to cut off access to abortion. It's time to stop playing defense. I've got a plan to protect reproductive care—no matter what the Supreme Court does.  
The president is abusing our diplomatic relationships to demand foreign interference in our elections. Donald Trump must be impeached.
Thank you for the warm welcome, San Diego! Together, we’re going to build a grassroots movement to fight for big, structural change. 
I love this! Stay strong out there—and find joy where you can. I’m with you in this fight all the way. 
When I first ran for the Senate, they told me that a woman couldn't win. But we built a movement, made history, and won. And I'm ready to do it again to fight for the big, structural change that we need. 
Congratulations! When unions win, all workers win. 
Our government is working great for the gun industry—but not for families suffering because of gun violence. If we want to end this crisis, we have to tackle the corruption in Washington. 
This is a moment for American leadership. The country needs a president capable of both advancing U.S. economic interests and standing up for America’s values, not one who sees the two as in conflict with one another.
Trump can say what he wants about me, but it's outrageous that any president would sell out the people of Hong Kong behind closed doors.The public must see the transcript of Trump's call with Xi. And we need a leader who will stand up for our values.
Thank you, Carson City! Together, we’ll build an economy that works for all of us, not just those at the top. 
Politicians are supposed to compete over how many voters they can persuade, not how many citizens they can keep from the polls. Under my plan to protect our democracy, there will be no more arbitrary voter purges. Ohio voters: Check your registration. 
It's always a good day to be reminded that I got where I am because a great education was available for $50 a semester at the University of Houston (go Cougars!). We need to cancel student debt and make college free for everyone who wants it. 
UAW workers fought for GM. But who in GM management will fight for their workers? I've got a plan to return power to working people—and that starts with requiring large companies like GM to allow workers to elect board members. 
 Domestic workers, farm workers, undocumented workers, graduate students, supervisor unions, independent contractors - worker…
 The details matter and this plan is really good. not only addresses all of the policy issues that keep workers…
Returning power to working people will be the overarching goal of my presidency. My administration will protect and expand workers' rights—and I pledge as president to nominate a demonstrated advocate for workers to fill any Supreme Court vacancy. 
Donald Trump is now openly calling for foreign governments to interfere in our elections from the White House Lawn. If he thinks openly committing the same crime will convince people his secret calls weren’t illegal—he's wrong. We will hold him accountable. He must be impeached.
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Sign up here for your chance to win.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Sign up here for your chance to win.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Sign up here for your chance to win.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to be automatically entered!
We're fighting so that our children can grow up in a better world. My job is to be strong for them—and they make me stronger, too. 
Too many immigrants have died in ICE custody. We need to ensure asylum seekers are welcomed, treated humanely, receive the medical care they need, and are not detained unnecessarily. I have a plan to rebuild a more humane immigration system. 
Together, these changes will boost America’s labor movement, help create an economy that works for everyone, and put power back in the hands of working people.
I will also remake the federal courts with nominees who support working people. That starts at the top: I pledge as president to nominate a demonstrated advocate for workers to fill any Supreme Court vacancy.
Every worker should be treated with dignity and respect, and be safe in their place of employment. Any employer that fails to do so should be held accountable. My administration will expand worker protections, combat discrimination, and improve enforcement against violations.
Over the past few decades, workers have been left with fewer employment choices and less control over the companies that employ them. I'll reverse that trend by increasing worker choice and control, including requiring large companies to let workers elect board members.
My administration will raise wages for workers and protect the hard-earned pensions and retirement savings of working people. We'll start by raising the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour for all workers, including tipped workers and workers with disabilities.
Next, we'll strengthen organizing rights, make it easier for unions to assert their rights, and we’ll expand the right to strike. Unions built America’s middle class, and they will rebuild the middle class.
My agenda to return power to working people starts with extending labor rights to all workers—including workers who have been misclassified as "independent contractors." We’ll also extend basic protections to farm workers and domestic workers, including the right to organize.
We can't have a truly democratic society with so little power in the hands of working people—and we can't have sustained and inclusive economic growth without a stronger labor movement. That’s why returning power to working people will be the overarching goal of my presidency.
Giant corporations and their allies in Washington and state governments have spent decades systematically attacking unions. As more power has shifted into the hands of Wall Street managers and CEOs, it’s taken trillions of dollars out of the pockets of working families.
Even as corporate profits have soared, working families are hanging on by their fingernails. I've got a plan for the most progressive and comprehensive agenda for workers since the New Deal. 
Corporate interests spent $2.8 billion on lobbying just last year. We have to break the grip of corporate lobbyists on Washington. That's why I'm proposing a new tax on excessive lobbying. 
Facebook has bulldozed competition, used our private information for profit, undermined our democracy, and tilted the playing field against everyone else. So yes,: when I’m president, I’m going to break up Facebook. If you agree it’s time to break up big tech, sign on now.
Facebook has bulldozed competition, used our private information for profit, undermined our democracy, and tilted the playing field against everyone else. So yes,: when I’m president, I’m going to break up Facebook. If you agree it’s time to break up big tech, sign on now.
My plan to break up big tech tackles our corrupt system that lets giant companies like Facebook engage in illegal anticompetitive practices, stomp on consumer privacy rights, and repeatedly fumble their responsibility to protect our democracy. Sign up now if you're with me.
My plan to break up big tech tackles our corrupt system that lets giant companies like Facebook engage in illegal anticompetitive practices, stomp on consumer privacy rights, and repeatedly fumble their responsibility to protect our democracy. Sign up now if you're with me.
Why is it that when conservatives cry “bias,” Mark Zuckerberg bends over backwards, but that I’m considered an "existential" threat for wanting to regulate a corrupt system? Sign up now if you're ready to take on Mark Zuckerberg and break up big tech.
Why is it that when conservatives cry “bias,” Mark Zuckerberg bends over backwards, but that I’m considered an "existential" threat for wanting to regulate a corrupt system? Sign up now if you're ready to take on Mark Zuckerberg and break up big tech.
If my plan to tax excessive lobbying had been in place during that time, Facebook would've paid $39 million in taxes—money that could've been directed to the FTC's antitrust efforts. We have to break the grip of corporate lobbyists on Washington. 
Facebook recently ramped up their lobbying spending as they faced greater antitrust scrutiny from the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice. 
Over the past decade, Facebook has spent more than $64 million lobbying our government against policies that protect consumer privacy and election integrity.
If we want to make the big, structural change we need to break the grip of the NRA on Washington, we'll need a movement fighting for change on the outside, and a leader willing to act. I stand proudly with and  
 “There is too much power in the hands of the gun industry and the gun lobby and we gotta fight them and we gotta break that…
  was asked if she thinks the NRA is part of the problem when it comes to corporate influence in politics.“Do I se…
Thank you for your persistence and your advocacy. I’ll fight alongside you for the big, structural change we need to end gun violence.  
 “I ask myself, what can a president do all by herself?” - Elizabeth Warren at and 
I believe Washington should work for you—not billionaires or Wall Street. I'm Elizabeth Warren, and I approve this message. 
Thank you, Jennifer, for working with me to help pass the Over-the-Counter Hearing Aid Act. We need to make sure hearing assistance devices are available for anyone who needs one. 
Facebook has bulldozed competition, used our private information for profit, undermined our democracy, and tilted the playing field against everyone else. So yes: when I’m president, I’m going to break up Facebook. If you agree it’s time to break up big tech, sign on now.
Facebook has bulldozed competition, used our private information for profit, undermined our democracy, and tilted the playing field against everyone else. So yes: when I’m president, I’m going to break up Facebook. If you agree it’s time to break up big tech, sign on now.
Thank you for having me, In a Warren administration, we will reverse the Title X gag rule and  Together, we can make our democracy work for us again.  
Facebook has bulldozed competition, used our private information for profit, undermined our democracy, and tilted the playing field against everyone else. So yes,: when I’m president, I’m going to break up Facebook. If you agree it’s time to break up big tech, sign on now.
My plan to break up big tech tackles our corrupt system that lets giant companies like Facebook engage in illegal anticompetitive practices, stomp on consumer privacy rights, and repeatedly fumble their responsibility to protect our democracy. Sign up now if you're with me.
My plan to break up big tech tackles our corrupt system that lets giant companies like Facebook engage in illegal anticompetitive practices, stomp on consumer privacy rights, and repeatedly fumble their responsibility to protect our democracy. Sign up now if you're with me.
Why is it that when conservatives cry “bias,” Mark Zuckerberg bends over backwards, but that I’m considered an "existential" threat for wanting to regulate a corrupt system? Sign up now if you're ready to take on Mark Zuckerberg and break up big tech.
Why is it that when conservatives cry “bias,” Mark Zuckerberg bends over backwards, but that I’m considered an "existential" threat for wanting to regulate a corrupt system? Sign up now if you're ready to take on Mark Zuckerberg and break up big tech.
Grateful for the opportunity to talk with and on organizing tour today.  and together we will fight hard to protect and expand women’s reproductive health care and rights. 
I’m looking forward to seeing my friend strong and back on the campaign trail soon. 
 At Las Vegas stop, is asked how she would protect access to abortion. First? Overturn Hyde Am…
 As I like to say - start before you are ready! 
We need a president and an administration that will fight for small family farmers—not tell them to throw in the towel. I've got a plan to level the playing field for America's family farmers. 
It's time to break the NRA's stranglehold on Congress and end Washington corruption. And I've got a plan for that. 
To make big, structural change, we're going to need a movement working for change from the outside and a leader willing to act. I applaud the work of these activists—and when I'm president, we'll ban private prisons. 
Bruce, Team Warren, and I are sending all our best wishes for a speedy recovery to I hope to see my friend back on the campaign trail very soon.
We can end excessive lobbying. This is the kind of big, structural change we need to put power back in the hands of the people and end corruption in Washington.
Nobody will be surprised that the top five industries that would've paid the most are those that have spent the last decade fighting tooth and nail against popular policies: Big Pharma, health insurance companies, oil and gas companies, Wall Street firms, and electric utilities.
Every dollar raised will be placed into a new Lobbying Defense Trust Fund dedicated to directing a surge of resources to Congress and federal agencies to fight back against these lobbying onslaughts when they occur.
My tax on excessive lobbying would apply to every corporation and trade group that spends over $500,000 a year lobbying our government. If this tax had been in effect over the last 10 years, over 1,600 corporations and trade groups would've paid an estimated $10 billion in taxes.
Corporate lobbyists swarm Congress and our federal departments to weaken, delay, or kill efforts to implement laws they don't like. They spent more than $2.8 billion on lobbying last year alone.
We have to break the grip that lobbyists have on our government for good. My plan to end Washington corruption calls for something unique—a new tax on excessive lobbying. 
When you find a good one, grab them and hang on. 
Thank you, for such kind words! Proud to have you with me in this fight. 
 Singular They isSimple. Kind. Respectful. Presidential.💛🌈🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸😌 
Americans don't trust their government precisely because of this. My plan to end Washington corruption would ban members of Congress from serving on corporate boards and owning or trading individual stocks. No exceptions. 
Facebook's anti-competitive mergers mean they face no real pressure to tackle disinformation. They won't even do the bare minimum to improve transparency.Tech giants shouldn't be able to wield enough power to undermine our democracy. 
 Thank you, Nyle! We’re fighting for a better America for everyone—no exceptions.
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Sign up here for your chance to win.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
So many incredible LGBTQ+ Americans have fought for big, structural change so that everyone could  I’m honored to keep up the fight. 
I won't let giant corporations dictate our trade policy anymore. I'll use America's leverage to support working families, protect the environment, and raise the standard of living across the globe. 
Saddened to learn of the passing of Enrique Fernández-Toledo. He was a champion for Puerto Rico, especially in the island’s time of need. I greatly valued his insights and advocacy, and my heart goes out to his family and friends. 
Imagine Facebook and Instagram trying to outdo each other to protect your privacy and keep misinformation out of your feed, instead of working together to sell your data, inundate you with misinformation, and undermine our election security. That's why we need to 
My plan to  would undo their illegal, anticompetitive mergers. You'll still be able to use Facebook and Instagram to catch up with friends and family and share photos of your dog. But they'll have to compete with each other to make a better product for you.
Zuckerberg himself said Facebook is “more like a government than a traditional company.” They’ve bulldozed competition, used our private information for profit, undermined our democracy, and tilted the playing field against everyone else. 
Facebook is doing pretty well right now. They've acquired potential competitors WhatsApp and Instagram. More than 85% of all social networking traffic goes through sites owned or operated by Facebook. They've got a lot of power—and face little competition or accountability.
Let's talk a bit about my plan to  and why it's got Mark Zuckerberg so worked up.
 Thank you so much for teaching me, Kirsten, and for all of your hard work! We’re in this fight together.
We have to fix a corrupt system that lets giant companies like Facebook engage in illegal anticompetitive practices, stomp on consumer privacy rights, and repeatedly fumble their responsibility to protect our democracy.  
I loved being a teacher—and I’m humbled to see some of my former students joining the fight for big, structural change! 
We all use Facebook, Amazon, and Google. But in their rise to power, they’ve bulldozed competition, used our private information for profit, and tilted the playing field in their favor. It’s time to break them up so they don’t have so much power over everyone else. Sign on today.
Washington, D.C. has over 700,000 residents—more than Wyoming or Vermont. They pay federal taxes. They deserve an equal voice in our government, and I'll fight until they get statehood. 
My heart goes out to the families and friends of those we lost during the  shooting two years ago today. I'll keep fighting to end gun violence in America.
I'm not afraid to hold Big Tech companies like Facebook, Google, and Amazon accountable. It's time to  
What would really “suck” is if we don’t fix a corrupt system that lets giant companies like Facebook engage in illegal anticompetitive practices, stomp on consumer privacy rights, and repeatedly fumble their responsibility to protect our democracy. 
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Sign up here for your chance to win.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Sign up here for your chance to win.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Sign up here for your chance to win.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Sign up here for your chance to win.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
I'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
'm headed to Ohio on October 15th for the next Democratic presidential primary debate, and I'd love to have you join me. Flights and hotel are on us—you can bring a friend too! Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to join Elizabeth at the presidential primary  in Ohio. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 whatever you can to be automatically entered!
I’ll see you at Pride, Las Vegas! 
Nevertheless, we persist!  
Loved talking with Collyn from Dorchester, Massachusetts! Collyn chipped in $25.75 to our grassroots campaign, so I called to say thank you. We both agreed: It’s time to make our government work for all of us.  
A year has passed, but Donald Trump and his administration have done nothing to hold Saudi Arabia accountable for the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. He and his family deserve justice.  
Donald Trump is committing crimes from the Oval Office. He must be impeached—and every single person involved must be held accountable. 
Again, Donald Trump abused the United States' diplomatic channels for his own personal political gain. And again, he attempted to hide his actions. 
 It was great talking with you, Collyn.
I just called Maria from Concord, New Hampshire, to thank her for the $25 donation she made today. Together, we’re going to dream big and fight hard. Thank you, Maria!  
Yes, Cree, it was really me! Cree is an HIV Prevention Coordinator from Minnesota. They pitched in to our campaign today, so I called them to say thanks. We’re in this together, Cree.  
I talked with another Bailey—this time Bailey from Iowa. She chipped in $3 earlier today, so I called her to tell her how grateful I am.Two Baileys and an Elizabeth—surely we can get this done! Chip in now, and I could call you next.  
I'm starting my grassroots call time now—have you donated yet? I might give you a call to say thanks!  
Today’s the last day to donate before our big FEC deadline. I’ll be calling grassroots donors again tonight—be sure to chip in if you want to talk with me about the big, structural change we’re making together. 
 Donate any amount, and might just call you next:  
Thank you so much for inviting me to speak with you. When unions win, all workers win. Together, we’ll fight for a country that works for all of us—not just the giant corporations. 
I've lived in an America where abortions were illegal. Women still got abortions—but they were dangerous and too often deadly. The Hyde Amendment harms the most vulnerable women by limiting their ability to safely access abortion. It's time for Hyde to go. 
Shana Tovah to all those who are celebrating Rosh Hashanah! Bruce and I wish you a sweet, happy, healthy new year.
Our campaign is grassroots funded: That means no fancy fundraisers, no PACs, no federal lobbyists.Our big quarterly FEC deadline is tonight. Will you chip in $3 before midnight to help power our grassroots campaign? 
This is what call time means to me: Talking with grassroots donors who give whatever they can to build this movement. I'm making more calls tomorrow. Chip in $3 or whatever you can, and I might just call you to say thanks!  
It's going to take big, structural change to tackle poverty and inequality in the U.S., and "A Just Society" is just the type of bold, comprehensive thinking we'll need to get it done. 
On this  Bruce and I are thinking of Gold Star moms everywhere. Our hearts go out to you, and we are grateful for your strength and resolve.
 I’m so sorry I missed you, Alaina! Thank you so much for chipping in to our campaign. Stay strong out there!
Karylinda works at GM and is out on strike—but she still donated $3. So I called her to say thank you. We're all in this fight together, Karylinda.  
I got a chance to say thank you to Juliana from Brooklyn, who chipped in $5 to our grassroots campaign. And she’ll be a first-time voter! Thank you, Juliana.  
I’m calling a few more grassroots donors from the road today to thank them for chipping in to our campaign! If you donate now, I could call you next:  
We've got to break the grip of corporate lobbyists on Congress—and I've got a plan for that. 
Every time I talk to a grassroots donor, I feel fired up about the big, structural change we can build together. I’m calling more people today—chip in $3 if you want to chat. 
I've been a public school teacher. And I'm committed to having a Secretary of Education who has also been a public school teacher. 
Right now, we've got an economy that's working great for those at the top, but not so great for everyone else. We need big structural change to make sure everyone has an opportunity to succeed—starting with a two-cent wealth tax. 
GM made billions of dollars in profits, but closed multiple plants in the United States. GM has no loyalty to the workers of America or the people of America. workers are fighting back—and I'm proud to march alongside them. 
 I'm with Warren because she's been a fierce consumer advocate for decades. Again and again fearlessly and effectively…
Our big FEC fundraising deadline is tomorrow, but you won’t find me jetting from city to city scooping up big checks from wealthy donors and special interests.This campaign is powered by grassroots donors. Will you chip in $3 now? 
I’m grateful for Lucas from Arizona, who chipped in $10 to our grassroots campaign. We talked about the importance of building a grassroots movement to hold our government accountable. Thanks, Lucas!  
I talked with Maura, a lawyer from NYC, earlier today. She chipped in $3 to this fight for big, structural change. Thank you, Maura!  
Thank you for the warm welcome, South Carolina! Bruce and I had a fantastic time at we're going to make the big, structural change we need to build an economy and a government that works for all of us—not just the wealthy and well-connected! 
Terrific meal—and a group photo! 
I’m deeply grateful for the grassroots movement we’re building together. But we need the resources to keep growing.Will you chip in $3 before our FEC fundraising deadline so we’ll have what it takes to win in 2020? 
 You know those videos of calling her grassroots donors? That could be you. She’s still making those calls now until M…
Jahnavi from Arizona chipped in $10, so I called from the car to say thanks! This is how we’re going to do it, building a grassroots movement all across the country.  
 Woo-hoo!
We must break the NRA’s stranglehold on our government. I've got a plan to pass sweeping anti-corruption legislation so that our nation will no longer be held hostage by a small group of well-financed extremists. 
Bruce and I love to hike. We’ve been from Utah to Alaska to the Cape Cod National Seashore. Public lands are some of our greatest treasures—and we must protect them. Let’s recommit to preserving and enhancing them. I’ve got a plan for that.   
It should be quick and easy to join a union. I'm standing with and the Rockingham County Rehabilitation and Nursing Center employees, because those who are taking care of our family members should be able to provide a decent life for their families, too. 
Left a voicemail for Rachel, a writer from New York who pitched in $15. I told her to stay in the fight. Thank you, Rachel!  
Just got off the phone with Joe from Massachusetts (yay!) who joined the fight by contributing $28 to our grassroots campaign. We’re doing this together, Joe.Who will I talk to next?  
 Not ridiculous at all! Glad we got to chat.
You bet. Grassroots call time is when I get to talk with voters and listen to what gets them into this fight. We’re going to do this together!Chip in next, and I could call you soon:  
Here’s the deal: I’ll be calling grassroots donors again today to thank them for chipping into our campaign.Will you chip in whatever you can now? If you get a call from an unknown number, it might just be me. 
Then we have to go even further to correct historical injustices and ensure that everyone has an opportunity at a higher education. I've got a plan to create a minimum $50 billion fund for HBCUs, TCUs, and other Minority Serving Institutions (MSIs). 
If the Senate doesn't pass the FUTURE Act by Monday, Historically Black Colleges and Universities, Tribal colleges and universities, and other Minority Serving Institutions will lose $255 million of funding. I urge my colleagues to pass this bill—now. 
We should stand with the protesters in Egypt fighting for a better future—and we must be clear that violence and repression are unacceptable responses to those who seek to express their opinion or affect political change. 
I had a great time in Hollis, New Hampshire today! We're going to dream big, fight hard, and win together. 
I still believe Dr. Christine Blasey Ford. And like the man who appointed him, Brett Kavanaugh should be impeached.
The NRA is a corrupt group of well-financed extremists who have made it perfectly clear that they will never put the safety of the American people first. We must hold them accountable. 
Fallon, I'm so excited for you! Thank you for keeping our pinkie-promise and running for school president. That *is* what girls do! 
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in living memory.I believe we can win the White House, and elect Democrats up and down the ballot in 2020—but only if we all work together.Will you donate before our FEC deadline? 
That is, in fact, exactly what the CFPB is supposed to do. 
 💙 Monday is a critical end-of-quarter fundraising deadline, and it’s time to show our candidate we have her back. I’m on 
Refugees are fleeing violence and oppression, and our values compel us to help them. As president, I'll reverse Trump's cruel, bigoted policies and welcome at least 175,000 refugees per year by the end of my first term. 
After the past two CEOs failed, Mr. Scharf has a lot of work to do to clean up Wells Fargo and to ensure that all of the people hurt by the bank's past scams get every penny of relief they're owed. I'll be watching him carefully. 
“No one was embraced at the New Hampshire Democratic Party’s state convention Saturday quite like Elizabeth Warren.“‘There is a lot at stake, and people are scared,’ she said. ‘But we can’t choose a candidate we don’t believe in because we’re scared.’”
“‘This is our moment in American history. It comes to us…to get organized, to build a grassroots movement, to persist and to build the country of our best values,’ Warren said.”
“‘She’s the one who has plans. She’s the one who can articulate her vision for the future. She has more substance than anybody else,’ Harriett Harris, a voter volunteering for Warren’s campaign at the South Carolina Democratic Party Convention, told BuzzFeed News."
“‘I know how to fight and I know how to win,’ Warren responded to Rhodes. ‘I think what’s going to carry us as Democrats is not playing it safe. I think you’ve got to give people a reason to show up and vote and that’s what I’m doing.’”
"In Iowa alone, Warren has attended 36 events, spoken to more than 7,000 Iowans and taken almost 5,000 selfies over eight trips. She also employs more than 50 paid staff members in the state, which has garnered the attention of top local Democrats."
“Every time we see a budget, it’s really just a statement of our values. Is it more important to leave the two cents for the bazillionaires or use that two cents to invest in all of our kids? Well, I’m here because I think we ought to be investing in all of our kids.”
“If winning the Democratic nomination requires wooing the party’s progressive wing and harnessing the power of activist women, then Senator Elizabeth Warren has a plan for that.”
 I’m sorry I missed you, Kerry! Thank you for the work you do every day as an educator—and don’t worry, those first-year teacher jitters will go away soon.
I love going on the road and meeting all our supporters! I especially love when I get to do it with Bruce by my side. 
 Just got a call from the one and only I’m so happy to be in this fight with you! Gonna be riding this high A…
Molly from Maryland chipped in $15—thank you for making a difference! Together, we can rein in Wall Street corruption and make our economy work for working people.  
Glad I got to talk with Athena, a photographer from Minnesota! Athena pitched in to our campaign for the first time—donate now, and you might get a call from me soon, too!  
 I'm sorry I missed you. But I'm glad you got some sleep! We're going to need you well-rested and ready for this fight.
I talked with Shaun from Oregon about my plan to nominate a former public school teacher for Secretary of Education.We agree: We need someone who will actually fight for our kids. Thank you for chipping in $3!  
Bailee from Texas chipped in $5 to our campaign, so me and my Bailey left a voicemail to say thank you.  
 Elizabeth Warren and I talked about abolishing the Senate filibuster! I said that I believe in her campaign and in her…
Krishan says he believes in me, and I believe in him!We talked about taking back the Senate in 2020 and getting rid of the filibuster. We're going to do this together, Krishan. Thanks for chipping in. 
I’m heading to New Hampshire this afternoon, but before I go I wanted to call more grassroots donors to thank them for chipping into our campaign.Can I count on you to make a donation? You could get a call from me soon.  
 Donate any amount and might just call you this afternoon.  
 I’m picking up all UNKNOWN calls this weekend because it could be Elizabeth Warren! She’s calling her grassroots donors now th…
It was great talking to grassroots donors last night. I’ll be calling more supporters who donate today.Chip in now before our FEC fundraising deadline, and you could be next! 
I stand with and Public school teachers deserve adequate staffing, pay equity, and smaller class sizes. When teachers succeed, students succeed!   
Time and time again, widely popular policies are narrowed or blocked by powerful interests capable of providing resources and information to a vastly under-resourced Congress. These steps will help break our government from the grip of lobbyists and help it work for all of us.
My plan revives and modernizes the Office of Technology Assessment, shores up congressional support agencies, and transitions congressional staff to competitive salaries—so we can have competent public policy that actually holds big corporations accountable.
I've got a plan to end lobbying as we know it—but strengthening Congress’ independence requires us to do more. We must invest in resources to allow members of Congress to make informed decisions without relying on self-interested outside sources.
And when Congress votes on restoring net neutrality protections, our representatives shouldn’t have to turn to internet service providers to explain whether their industry needs more regulation. 
When Congress decides whether it should break up big tech companies, our representatives shouldn’t have to rely on Google’s policy team to understand the effects of technology consolidation. 
When Congress debates the  our representatives shouldn’t have to rely on Exxon lobbyists to explain who should pay for the effects of carbon emissions on our planet. 
I saw firsthand how this system works when I was fighting for the CFPB. Financial reform is complicated, and bank lobbyists bombarded Congress with complex arguments and obscure terms. It's the ultimate insiders’ play: "Trust us because we understand it and you don’t."
Over the last 20 years, lobbyist spending has skyrocketed. At the same time, Congress has been starved of resources to objectively analyze complex public policy issues, leaving corporate lobbyist propaganda to fill the gap. I've got a plan to fix that: 
Now that call time is done, it's Bailey's turn to have some fun! 
Thank you for standing up and speaking out, I’ll be fighting alongside you until we  
This is a disgrace. Eugene Scalia spent his career putting the interests of giant corporations ahead of American workers. I stand ready to fight back to protect worker's rights. 
Giant corporations shouldn't be able to toy with their workers' health care benefits. We need  
Grateful down to my toes for everyone who chipped in today. No matter how much you’re able to give, you own a piece of our movement.I’ll be calling more grassroots donors every day from now until Monday—chip in and you could be next!  
Tonight, I’m calling a few grassroots donors to talk about what matters most to them and say thanks for helping power our grassroots movement. Chip in $3 or whatever you can — and then keep your phone on because it might be me!
What do you think it’d be like to chat on the phone with Elizabeth? You might not have to imagine it. Tonight, Elizabeth is calling grassroots donors who pitched in to help us hit our fundraising goal before the FEC filing deadline on Monday. Donate now.
Tonight, I’m calling a few grassroots donors to talk about what matters most to them and say thanks for helping power our grassroots movement. Chip in $3 or whatever you can — and then keep your phone on because it might be me!
What do you think it’d be like to chat on the phone with Elizabeth? You might not have to imagine it. Tonight, Elizabeth is calling grassroots donors who pitched in to help us hit our fundraising goal before the FEC filing deadline on Monday. Donate now.
So glad I was able to catch Jeff, a Fire Chief from Alaska, to thank him for chipping in to our grassroots campaign. We’re in this fight together, Jeff!  
Feeling inspired down to my toes after talking with Emily. She chipped in $15 because she’s determined we can win in 2020 and make big, structural change—including tackling our country’s opioid epidemic head on. Thank you, Emily. 
Double woo-hoo thank you to Zachary from Ohio who donated $3 today! Zachary said he can’t afford to give a lot, but let me tell you Zach, your $3 make a difference. We can win in 2020, and it’s because of grassroots donors like you. 
I just spoke to Marc, a commercial fisherman from Alaska, who chipped in to our campaign. I’m so grateful to have him in this fight. Will you chip in next? I’m making some more calls tonight.  
I’m about to call grassroots donors who chipped in to our campaign today. Whether you can pitch in $1 here or $15 there, we all own a piece of this movement. 
This is deeply disturbing and illustrates just how urgently we need Congress to address this issue. Andrea, thank you for your bravery—I’ll fight alongside you to end sexual harassment in VA centers. 
I'm fighting for an economy and a government that works for all of us, not just the wealthy and well-connected. I'm not afraid of anonymous quotes, and wealthy donors don't get to buy this process. I won't back down from fighting for the big, structural change we need. 
 Donate ➡️  
You know a system is deeply broken when people have to quit their jobs to afford health care. It’s time for  
Congratulations! When unions win, all workers win. 
September 30th is a critical fundraising deadline, and other candidates will show big numbers thanks to big checks from Wall Street. But our movement is powered by grassroots donors like you. Will you chip in to help us reach our goal in time?  
Tonight, I’m calling a few grassroots donors to talk about what matters most to them and say thanks for helping power our grassroots movement. Chip in whatever you can — and then keep your phone on because it might be me!  
What do you think it’d be like to chat on the phone with Elizabeth? You might not have to imagine it. Tonight, Elizabeth is calling grassroots donors who pitched in to help us hit our fundraising goal before the FEC filing deadline on Monday. Donate now.  
September 30th is a critical fundraising deadline, and other candidates will show big numbers thanks to big checks from Wall Street. But our movement is powered by grassroots donors like you. Will you chip in to help us reach our goal in time?  
Tonight, I’m calling a few grassroots donors to talk about what matters most to them and say thanks for helping power our grassroots movement. Chip in whatever you can — and then keep your phone on because it might be me!  
What do you think it’d be like to chat on the phone with Elizabeth? You might not have to imagine it. Tonight, Elizabeth is calling grassroots donors who pitched in to help us hit our fundraising goal before the FEC filing deadline on Monday. Donate now.  
There's only one way we're raising money on this campaign, and it's with grassroots donors like you.Will you chip in right now to help hit our goal before the FEC deadline? $3 or whatever you can give will make a real difference. 
Thank you, Keene, New Hampshire! We're going to make big, structural change together. 
Donald Trump is just the worst symptom of a corrupt system. The problems in Washington are much bigger than him—and it's going to take big, structural change to fundamentally transform our government. I've got a plan to root out corruption in Washington. 
Donald Trump believes he is above the law—and he will continue to commit crimes from the White House until we hold him accountable. The House needs to vote on articles of impeachment—and when it comes to the Senate, I will do what the Constitution requires.
Donald Trump solicited foreign interference in our elections from the Oval Office. He attempted to cover up his actions. And his appointees intervened, against the law, to attempt to suppress this whistleblower complaint. 
I don't spend “call time" on the phone with millionaires asking for big checks. I spend my “call time” talking with voters and thanking grassroots donors.Donate to my campaign right now, let me know when you’ve chipped in, and I might call you tonight!  
12 congressional investigations.10 federal criminal investigations.8 state and local investigations.The Trump administration is the most corrupt of our lifetimes. And it’s time to hold them accountable.
 Right back at you! Great job on  it’s such an important law that will help so many working families.
Thank you for your support, Shoulder to shoulder, we’re going to fight for  No one should be able to make a profit off of denying people health care—and together, we’ll win. 
I love calling grassroots supporters to say thanks for donating to my campaign. Hearing your stories about what gets you into this fight inspires me every day! Chip in $3 before our FEC deadline, and I could call you next. Let’s do this together:  
No one is above the law, not even the president of the United States. It’s Congress' constitutional responsibility to hold Trump accountable—and the impeachment inquiry must move forward with the efficiency and seriousness this crisis demands. 
Insurance companies make a profit by denying necessary health care for millions of people. It's not right—and it's why I'm fighting for  Thank you for being a part of this fight, and for your courage to speak your truth. We're going to do this together. 
 and I are sending our deepest condolences to Zac’s family and friends. He was a dedicated, treasured member of our team, and he will be deeply missed. 
No child should go to school hungry. The Trump administration's move to cancel free school lunches for hundreds of thousands of children is just cruel. 
Women held at Karnes Detention Center are receiving inadequate medical care—and now ICE wants to transfer them in order to detain more families. This cruelty must end. We must stop unnecessary detention and welcome those seeking asylum. 
 Good luck! Fight hard.
The president admitted it.The "transcript" confirms it.Donald Trump continues to commit crimes from the Oval Office, and the Justice Department refuses to hold him accountable. Now it’s on Congress to act. No one is above the law—not even the president.
Corvias has failed to maintain the military homes they were entrusted with. Why should they be entrusted with providing a hotel for especially while students face an affordable housing crisis? 
Johana Medina Leon and Layleen Cubilette-Polanco should be alive right now. We must enforce strict standards for medical care for LGBTQ+ people in custody. We must end cash bail. We must end the unnecessary detainment of asylum seekers. 
This "transcript" itself is a smoking gun. If this is the version of events the president's team thinks is most favorable, he is in very deep jeopardy. We need to see the full whistleblower complaint and the administration needs to follow the law. Now. 
As soon as I left the picket line, I called Cynthia to let her know that I have her back. We're in this fight together. 
No child should be denied a loving home because of bigotry and discrimination. LGBTQ+ couples who want to open their hearts and their homes deserve our support—and I'll continue to stand with them. 
We're making big investments this fall to keep growing  and to help candidates that will be critical to keeping the House, taking back the Senate, and regaining ground in key state legislatures.Dream big, fight hard—and together, we'll win! 
Today's hearing on Trump's bigoted and xenophobic Muslim Ban was an important first step. Now it's time for Congress to pass the No Ban Act. 
Trump and his administration are putting reporters’ lives at risk. 
The impeachment inquiry must move forward with the efficiency and seriousness this crisis demands. The House needs to vote on articles of impeachment—and when it comes to the Senate, I will do what the Constitution requires. Sign up now if you’re with me.
The impeachment inquiry must move forward with the efficiency and seriousness this crisis demands. The House needs to vote on articles of impeachment—and when it comes to the Senate, I will do what the Constitution requires. Sign up now if you’re with me.
Now the impeachment inquiry must move forward with the efficiency and seriousness this crisis demands. The House needs to vote on articles of impeachment—and when it comes to the Senate, I will do what the Constitution requires.
Change happens when a grassroots movement pushes from the outside, and leaders are willing to lead from the inside. Thank you to everyone who protested, organized, and asked the crucial questions to get us to this moment. This is an overdue but important step.
No one is above the law—not even the president of the United States. Congress has the constitutional authority and responsibility to hold the president accountable. This is not about politics, this is about principle. We must begin impeachment proceedings.
I called for impeachment five months ago, the day after the Mueller report came out. Trump continues to commit crimes because he believes he’s above the law. If Congress does nothing to respond, he’ll be right. We must begin impeachment proceedings—now. 
Our democracy also depends on protecting our right to vote. I've got a plan to establish strong federal standards to make it easier to register to vote, including automatic and same-day voter registration.  
Our democracy depends on all of us stepping forward and making our voices heard. Celebrate  by registering to vote or double-checking your voter registration at  And when you’re done, get five friends to do it, too. 
In 1974, Democrats and Republicans united in support of impeachment out of mutual respect for the rule of law. Congress refused to be complicit in future law-breaking by Nixon or other presidents. It’s time for this Congress to step up and act. If you’re with me, sign up now.
In 1974, Democrats and Republicans united in support of impeachment out of mutual respect for the rule of law. Congress refused to be complicit in future law-breaking by Nixon or other presidents. It’s time for this Congress to step up and act. If you’re with me, sign up now.
After the Mueller report, Congress had a duty to begin impeachment. By failing to act, Congress is complicit in Trump’s latest attempt to solicit foreign interference to aid him in US elections. Do your constitutional duty and impeach the president. Sign up if you’re with me.
After the Mueller report, Congress had a duty to begin impeachment. By failing to act, Congress is complicit in Trump’s latest attempt to solicit foreign interference to aid him in US elections. Do your constitutional duty and impeach the president. Sign up if you’re with me.
Wages barely budge, costs are rising, and more Americans are falling deeper into debt. Our government has failed us, allowing more wealth to be sucked up by those at the top, and leaving everyone else behind. This is why we need big, structural change. 
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
The House must impeach. It must start today.
The best place to meet is on the picket line! Great to see you, 
Before I joined the picket line in Detroit, I met with UAW leadership. Their workers are putting everything on the line to fight for a fair wage and hold GM accountable—and I'm standing with them.  
The enthusiasm and energy from  is what keeps me going! 
Thank you, for inviting me to speak at  Together, we can build a grassroots movement to make big, structural change. 
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
I want to recognize the grassroots donors who make this campaign happen. Donate now, and we’ll put your name on my new online grassroots donor wall! Whether you can pitch in $5 or $10 or whatever you can, we all own a piece of our democracy. 
Extreme right-wing ideologues aren't just threatening reproductive rights in the United States—they're threatening those rights around the world. We need a president who will be committed to protecting reproductive rights for everyone. 
Keep speaking the truth and fighting for big, structural change, Change is possible when millions of people push for it—and when leaders are willing to listen and lead. I promise to fight alongside you and do everything I can to end the climate crisis. 
I have a bill to lower drug prices by directing HHS to step in and manufacture generic drugs when the market fails—and we'll start producing insulin in 1 year. We can't allow companies to corner the market on essential drugs, jack up prices, and cash in on the backs of patients.
No one should have to choose between medication or housing. No one should be forced to ration insulin and risk dangerous complications. We need  we need to tackle corruption and price gouging in drug manufacturing head on. 
The workers of are standing up for good benefits and fair wages—and they're fighting for all of us. When unions win, every worker wins. I'm proud to stand with them.  
On  every day—we recommit to securing equal rights for every LGBTQ+ American until they can live openly and proudly. Everyone deserves to live without fear or discrimination. 
If you made it to the very top—that’s great for you! But you have to chip in to make sure everyone else has an opportunity to succeed, too. 
Thank you, Sara! Proud to stand alongside you and Unions built the middle class, and unions will rebuild the middle class. 
If you’re ready to join this fight, then chip in whatever you can right now. Not only will your contribution make a big difference—we’ll put your name on my new online grassroots donor wall. 
People like their doctors, their nurses, their pharmacists. Private insurance companies make their profits by saying "no" to the care you need from these providers. That's why we need  
The workers of are fighting for fair wages and good benefits—and I have their backs. When unions win, all workers win. 
 Thank you for all of your work, Ambereen! We’re going to keep fighting for America’s public school teachers.
 So good to see you, Cecile! Definitely no better place to catch up.
Liza, this is my promise to you: We’re going to fix this, together. For your family and for immigrant families everywhere. 
Hopefully one day Viola can come visit Bailey in the White House! 
I'm glad to join picket line today in Detroit as auto workers fight for basic rights like fair wages and health care. I have their backs.  
I stand shoulder to shoulder with the Chicago teachers making their voices heard to demand living wages, smaller class sizes, and all the things teachers need to do their jobs well. America's teachers take on powerful work every day, and we must treat them with respect. 
It shouldn't be. We got into this crisis because states and the federal government have passed the cost of higher education onto students and their families. We need universal free public college—and we need to cancel student loan debt. 
The daily toll of gun violence is staggering. We need to pass comprehensive gun violence legislation—and we need to tackle the corruption that has held up any attempts to end this epidemic. 
I loved going to our house party in Mount Vernon yesterday and listening to what gets people in this fight. As president, I promise to fight for the big, structural changes that Iowa and the country needs. 
Stopped by Hamburg Inn in Iowa City for a strawberry rhubarb pie milkshake yesterday. Delicious! 
America has a housing crisis—and working families are feeling it hard. Yesterday at Golfview Mobile Home Court, I talked with the people of North Liberty about how we can level the playing field for all families. My housing plan makes it possible:  
Chicago’s nurses fight their hearts out for their patients. They deserve to be treated with respect—and that means adequate staffing levels. I will always stand and fight alongside our nurses.  
You inspire me, Activists have always been the driving force behind big, structural change—and yesterday’s powerful  proved that together, we have a fighting chance at ending our climate crisis. Where you lead, I’ll follow. 
Today at the Iowa  I said what I’ve been saying since April: It’s time for us to call out Donald Trump’s illegal behavior and start impeachment proceedings—now. 
Thank you for the opportunity to participate in a terrific Democratic tradition. I promise to keep dreaming big and fighting hard alongside the people of Iowa.  
Grateful to have a friend stop by our  photo line. 
Volunteers all the way! Our volunteers are the backbone of my campaign. Send a message to to get involved. 
Wall Street executives believe that Elizabeth has “got to be stopped.” If big banks and CEOs are scared, we must be doing something right. Will you chip in to help her end Wall Street’s stranglehold on our economy and show that this grassroots movement will only grow stronger?
Elizabeth is running to be the best president that money can’t buy. And her ideas for big, structural change have Wall Street executives shaking in their freshly polished leather shoes. But we can’t do this without you. Will you chip in now to help power our grassroots movement?
Wall Street executives believe that Elizabeth has “got to be stopped.” If big banks and CEOs are scared, we must be doing something right. Will you chip in to help her end Wall Street’s stranglehold on our economy and show that this grassroots movement will only grow stronger?
Elizabeth is running to be the best president that money can’t buy. And her ideas for big, structural change have Wall Street executives shaking in their freshly polished leather shoes. But we can’t do this without you. Will you chip in now to help power our grassroots movement?
I’m inspired by everyone who made their voices heard during yesterday’s  I was grateful to meet some of them at the Blue Strawberry Coffee Shop in Cedar Rapids yesterday.Together, we can tackle climate change head-on, and I have a  
Unions built the middle class, and unions will rebuild the middle class. Looking forward to joining picket line tomorrow. I hope you'll join us:    
 I was grateful to meet you, Angelica. You and Ashlee remind me why I’m in this fight.
Grateful for the opportunity to be part of  In a Warren administration, LGBTQ+ people will be able to be who they are without fear of violence or discrimination. 
In 1974, Democrats and Republicans united in support of impeachment out of mutual respect for the rule of law. Congress refused to be complicit in future law-breaking by Nixon or other presidents. It’s time for this Congress to step up and act. If you’re with me, sign up now.
In 1974, Democrats and Republicans united in support of impeachment out of mutual respect for the rule of law. Congress refused to be complicit in future law-breaking by Nixon or other presidents. It’s time for this Congress to step up and act. If you’re with me, sign up now.
In 1974, Democrats and Republicans united in support of impeachment out of mutual respect for the rule of law. Congress refused to be complicit in future law-breaking by Nixon or other presidents. It’s time for this Congress to step up and act. If you’re with me, sign up now.
In 1974, Democrats and Republicans united in support of impeachment out of mutual respect for the rule of law. Congress refused to be complicit in future law-breaking by Nixon or other presidents. It’s time for this Congress to step up and act. If you’re with me, sign up now.
After the Mueller report, Congress had a duty to begin impeachment. By failing to act, Congress is complicit in Trump’s latest attempt to solicit foreign interference to aid him in US elections. Do your constitutional duty and impeach the president. Sign up if you’re with me.
After the Mueller report, Congress had a duty to begin impeachment. By failing to act, Congress is complicit in Trump’s latest attempt to solicit foreign interference to aid him in US elections. Do your constitutional duty and impeach the president. Sign up if you’re with me.
After the Mueller report, Congress had a duty to begin impeachment. By failing to act, Congress is complicit in Trump’s latest attempt to solicit foreign interference to aid him in US elections. Do your constitutional duty and impeach the president. Sign up if you’re with me.
After the Mueller report, Congress had a duty to begin impeachment. By failing to act, Congress is complicit in Trump’s latest attempt to solicit foreign interference to aid him in US elections. Do your constitutional duty and impeach the president. Sign up if you’re with me.
Our laws don't consistently protect against discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity. It's past time to change that—starting by passing the Equality Act. 
Eighteen Black trans women have been killed so far this year. It’s time for a president of the United States of America to   
Eighteen Black trans women have been killed this year. This is an epidemic, and we need to call it out.  
I’ll be live soon at the  Tune in: 
Eight years ago, President Obama repealed Don't Ask Don't Tell. It was an important step towards protecting  service members' rights. But Trump's ban on trans service members has set us back again. When I'm president, I'll reverse this ban and protect LGBTQ service members.
Trans women who experience homelessness are already disproportionately more likely to face violence. If Secretary Carson is not willing to do his job and protect all Americans experiencing housing insecurity then he shouldn't have his job.
Secretary Carson's transphobic remarks are completely unacceptable. 
In 1974, Democrats and Republicans united in support of impeachment not out of mutual contempt for Nixon but mutual respect for the rule of law. Congress refused to be complicit in future law-breaking by Nixon or other presidents. It’s time for this Congress to step up and act.
Mitch McConnell is also complicit. The Senate must vote on the bill, already passed by the House, to help states and localities protect themselves from the foreign attacks on our elections that the President has previously welcomed.
A president is sitting in the Oval Office, right now, who continues to commit crimes. He continues because he knows his Justice Department won't act and believes Congress won’t either. Today’s news confirmed he thinks he’s above the law. If we do nothing, he’ll be right.
After the Mueller report, Congress had a duty to begin impeachment. By failing to act, Congress is complicit in Trump’s latest attempt to solicit foreign interference to aid him in US elections. Do your constitutional duty and impeach the president.
Trump's “metering” and "Remain in Mexico" policies are putting immigrant families at risk. I will end these cruel policies and ensure asylum seekers are welcomed. 
 Ha, I do! I hope your meeting went well and your plans are ready to go.
Thank you, I'm willing to do whatever it takes to stop the climate crisis—and that starts with eliminating the filibuster so that we can make the big, structural change we desperately need to save our planet. 
Take any big problem that we face in America today, and you don't have to dig deep to see corruption at work, holding up progress and putting us at risk. I know what's broken—and I've got a plan to fix it. That's why I'm running for president of the United States. 
Today, my heart is with the people of Puerto Rico as we continue to mourn the lives lost in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria two years ago. The federal government failed our fellow citizens—and you bet I’m fighting with everything I've got to ensure that never happens again.
Thank you for making working families the center of your campaign. This is our moment to fight for an America that works for all of us—not just the people at the top. Let's keep fighting. 
I'm ready to fight, and I've got big plans to meet the goals of the  and achieve 100% clean energy for America. 
Climate change is an existential threat—and we are already facing the effects. The youth-led  and the solidarity strikes from groups like show that our country is ready to fight for the big, structural change we'll need to tackle the climate crisis.
Climate change is an existential threat, and we are running out of time—but I have hope. I have hope thanks to the young people participating in the  I have hope thanks to the people I meet who are committed to making big, structural change to save our planet. 
A terrific sunset, and a terrific crowd here in Iowa City tonight. 
So grateful to have had with me at our Washington Square Park event. has been on the front line of the fight for racial and economic justice, and I'm honored to have their support. We're going to build this grassroots movement together. 
Last night, I called up grassroots donors who chipped in to my campaign to say thanks—and you could be next.Will you chip in now, too? Even $3 makes a big difference, especially with our FEC fundraising deadline right around the corner. 
I want every little girl to grow up knowing that when they fight from the heart, they can win. And we pinky promise so they won’t forget. 
Our economy works great for people who can use their money and power to become even richer and more powerful. But I've got a plan to ensure it works for everyone else too. If that scares hedge fund billionaires like this guy, fine by me. 
The Trump administration is trying to stack the deck against asylum applicants. That's not right—our laws and values compel us to help those fleeing violence and oppression. When I'm president, I'll undo his dangerous policies and welcome asylum seekers. 
Border Patrol agents are not asylum officers. They shouldn't get to determine who meets the "credible fear" standard for asylum. Seeking asylum is not a crime, and we shouldn’t be treating refugees this way. 
 Sorry I missed you, LaVel! Grateful down to my toes to have you in this fight.
 Thank you, Eve—I’m so sorry I missed you! I know that together, we can take the power from the NRA and the lawmakers in their pockets and return it to the people.
 Thank you, Erin—grateful down to my toes to have your support!
My heart goes out to and his family after the loss of his wife, Emily. An activist and librarian who raised tens of thousands of dollars to help students attend college, she was a fixture in her community, and she will be deeply missed. 
Bridgette’s story highlights so many problems with our criminal justice system—from how it fails to protect survivors of domestic violence, to the injustice of mandatory minimums, to the lack of rehabilitative services. I've got a comprehensive plan for reform. 
It's time to get rid of the Electoral College. 
Today's historic hearing in the House of Representatives is an important step towards  Washington D.C. residents deserve an equal voice in our government—they deserve statehood now.
Thank you to everyone who passed me a note in the selfie line in New York City—they mean the world to me. 
Today is National HIV/AIDS and Aging Awareness Day. Thanks to improvements in treatments, those with HIV can live longer, fuller lives. We need  to ensure that everyone who needs treatment gets it.  
It's time for management to sit down and negotiate a fair contract with workers. 
  explains why these are ‘scary times.’  
If we're going to make big, structural change, we're going to need someone leading from the inside—but we'll also need a grassroots movement pushing from the outside. The selfie line gives me a moment (or a few thousand moments) to meet that movement. 
I'm so excited by all of the new voices that have joined  Her work has changed the way we think about this moment in history and how we're preparing for the fight ahead of us. Thank you for your support. 
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
My plan to  would end lobbying as we know it. Under that plan, it would be illegal for former members of congress like Pat Meehan to get jobs as lobbyists once they leave office. 
The Kavanaugh nomination was rammed through the Senate without a thorough examination of the allegations against him. Confirmation is not exoneration, and nobody is above the law. Like the man who appointed him, Kavanaugh should be impeached. Add your name if you agree.
The Kavanaugh nomination was rammed through the Senate without a thorough examination of the allegations against him. Confirmation is not exoneration, and nobody is above the law. Like the man who appointed him, Kavanaugh should be impeached. Add your name if you agree.
Check out the new and improved plans section of my website! 
We want to give a special thank you to every supporter who steps up in this important moment. Chip in to power our grassroots movement and we'll send you a free sticker.
Chip in any amount to help power our grassroots campaign, and we’ll send you a free “Two Cents” sticker!
Congratulations to  own for making the 2019 Awards longlist for her poetry! I’m honored to have you on my team. 
 Senator Elizabeth Warren: "Yeah, I was there [on the selfie line] four hours, but I'll tell you what: so was the last guy i…
Our children shouldn’t have to live like this.If we want to end the gun violence epidemic, we need to make big, structural change.  
 I hope today's procedure goes well and that we have many more years with you, Ady. You're absolutely right—everyone should have the long-term care that they need. That’s why we’re fighting for 
No company should be able to withhold health care benefits as leverage against striking workers. We need  
We have to know that when government officials are making decisions, they are considering only the public interest—not their own personal interests or the interests of their friends and future employers. I'll close and padlock this revolving door. 
 I’m all in for  🇺🇸 
 Very excited to support alongside my family and two of my favorite people, and .  A…
No health care system should have billions in reserve while raising rates and outsourcing jobs—but that’s exactly what Kaiser is doing. I stand with the workers getting ready to strike for a health care system that works for all.  
 TONIGHT: Presidential candidate Senator answers Stephen's lightning round questions about her wealth tax and…
Our reproductive rights are under attack. But I’m tired of being on defense—I’m ready to go on offense. With supporters and organizers like I believe that we can protect and expand our reproductive rights. 
It was a marathon, but we made it! See you tonight at 9pm ET, 
I've got a plan to protect reproductive care from right-wing ideologues in every state and ensure real access to birth control and abortion care for all. I'll make sure our reproductive rights are protected no matter what the Supreme Court does.  
Looking forward to seeing you tonight, 
How can small companies have any chance if Amazon manipulates their algorithm to boost their own products and profits? You can be an umpire or you can own a team, but you can't do both in the same game. It's time to  
As we celebrate the official adoption of our Constitution, we also remember that from voting to reproductive health care to freedom from discrimination, our constitutional rights are under attack. I’ve got a plan to defend and protect these rights. 
Corruption killed over 100 women in the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory Fire. But in the aftermath of that tragedy, women workers organized, fought back, and secured major victories. I know big, structural change is possible—because America's done it before. 
 Thanks for sticking around until the end, Matt! Selfies and big, structural change—two promises I’ll keep.
 We’re excited to work for working families with you too, 
Politicians and advisors like Donald Trump Jr. have reportedly tried to receive help from foreign countries. We will clarify the definition of “in-kind contributions” to ensure that no candidate can receive political assistance from foreign countries. Sign up if you’re with me.
Right now, the legal definition of lobbying is so limited that powerful interests can keep their influence-peddling in the shadows. We’ll expand the definition to include anyone who is paid to influence lawmakers. If you’re ready to end lobbying as we know it, sign up now.
Today, every federal judge is bound by a Code of Conduct – except Supreme Court justices. It’s a recipe for corruption. We can fix it by applying the Code of Conduct for United States Judges to Supreme Court justices. Sign up now if you’re with me.
Sexual assault and perjury complaints against Brett Kavanaugh were dismissed when he was confirmed to the Supreme Court – that’s ridiculous. Under my plan, investigations will remain open until their findings are made public and any penalties for misconduct are issued.
Under current law, members of Congress can trade stocks and then use their powerful positions to increase the value of those stocks. Under my plan, we will ban members of Congress and senior government officials from owning or trading individual stocks. Sign up if you’re with me.
Donald Trump is a walking conflict of interest. My plan requires presidents and vice-presidents to put their businesses into a blind trust to be sold off. And we’ll automatically release the tax returns of all federal candidates and officeholders. Sign up now if you’re with me.
Our government works great for the wealthy and well-connected, but not for everyone else. That’s corruption, plain and simple – and I’ve got a comprehensive plan to fight back. Sign up if you’re ready to put power back in the hands of the people.
The energy of our grassroots supporters keeps me going. This is our moment in history to dream big, fight hard, and win.  
The Kavanaugh nomination was rammed through the Senate without a thorough examination of the allegations against him. Confirmation is not exoneration, and nobody is above the law. Like the man who appointed him, Kavanaugh should be impeached. Add your name if you agree.
The Kavanaugh nomination was rammed through the Senate without a thorough examination of the allegations against him. Confirmation is not exoneration, and nobody is above the law. Like the man who appointed him, Kavanaugh should be impeached. Add your name if you agree.
The Kavanaugh nomination was rammed through the Senate without a thorough examination of the allegations against him. Confirmation is not exoneration, and nobody is above the law. Like the man who appointed him, Kavanaugh should be impeached. Add your name if you agree.
The Kavanaugh nomination was rammed through the Senate without a thorough examination of the allegations against him. Confirmation is not exoneration, and nobody is above the law. Like the man who appointed him, Kavanaugh should be impeached. Add your name if you agree.
The wealthy and well-connected haven't just scooped up a huge chunk of the wealth all of us have worked hard to produce—they’ve also gobbled up opportunity itself. But this is America. We should invest in opportunities for everyone.  
Throughout our history, Americans have been told that it wasn’t possible to make big, structural change. But they didn’t give up. They built grassroots movements—and they changed the course of American history. I believe we can do it again. Thank you, New York.  
Women workers sounded the alarm about working conditions for years before the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory Fire, but corruption stopped reforms. Look at any big problem we face today—climate change, gun safety, health care—and you can see the same system at work.  
Thank you, New York City! Let’s dream big, fight hard, and win.  
Donald Trump is corruption in the flesh. But our problems didn't start with Donald Trump. A country that elects Donald Trump is already in serious trouble.  
This is our moment in history. Our moment to dream big, fight hard, and win in 2020. But Democrats can’t win if we’re scared and looking backward. If you’re ready to join this fight, chip in $3 to our grassroots campaign.  
We win when we meet the moment. We win when we stand up for what is right. And we win when we get out there and fight for it. If you’re ready to fight, join me:  
2020 is about the direction America goes, not just for four years, but for generations to come. There’s a lot at stake in this election, and I know people are scared. But we can't choose a candidate we don't believe in just because we're too scared to do anything else. 
Corruption has put our planet at risk. Corruption has broken our economy. And corruption is breaking our democracy. I know what’s broken, I’ve got a plan to fix it, and that’s why I’m running for President of the United States. 
When you see a government that works great for those with money and connections and doesn’t work much for anyone else, that’s corruption—plain and simple. It’s time to call it out for what it is. 
Join us live from Washington Square Park tonight as I share the story of how working women organized to change the course of history—and how we can make the big, structural change our future depends on.  
Honored to have you sing the National Anthem at today’s event. Together, we’re going to build a better future for your family and for every immigrant family living in this country.  
The power to authorize the use of American military force belongs to Congress—not to the president, and definitely not to the Saudi royal family.
The Kavanaugh nomination was rammed through the Senate without a thorough examination of the allegations against him. Confirmation is not exoneration, and nobody is above the law. Like the man who appointed him, Kavanaugh should be impeached. Add your name if you agree.
The Kavanaugh nomination was rammed through the Senate without a thorough examination of the allegations against him. Confirmation is not exoneration, and nobody is above the law. Like the man who appointed him, Kavanaugh should be impeached. Add your name if you agree.
The Kavanaugh nomination was rammed through the Senate without a thorough examination of the allegations against him. Confirmation is not exoneration, and nobody is above the law. Like the man who appointed him, Kavanaugh should be impeached. Add your name if you agree.
The Kavanaugh nomination was rammed through the Senate without a thorough examination of the allegations against him. Confirmation is not exoneration, and nobody is above the law. Like the man who appointed him, Kavanaugh should be impeached. Add your name if you agree.
We need to break the grip that big donors have on our government—and one of the best ways to do that is with public financing for elections. I hope New York takes this important step. 
Hispanic and Latinx Americans fighting for big, structural change have transformed their communities and our country—and we are stronger for their contributions. This  we recognize and celebrate their achievements.
 great stuff from who correctly notes that, while Trump IS the most corrupt president ever, he’s really just e…
 “Big oil companies conceal climate studies, fund bought-and-paid-for climate denial research, bury regulators in shady, ba…
Politicians and advisors like Donald Trump Jr. have reportedly tried to receive help from foreign countries. We will clarify the definition of “in-kind contributions” to ensure that no candidate can receive political assistance from foreign countries. Sign up if you’re with me.
Donald Trump is a walking conflict of interest. My plan requires presidents and vice-presidents to put their businesses into a blind trust to be sold off. And we’ll automatically release the tax returns of all federal candidates and officeholders. Sign up now if you’re with me.
Our government works great for the wealthy and well-connected, but not for everyone else. That’s corruption, plain and simple – and I’ve got a comprehensive plan to fight back. Sign up if you’re ready to put power back in the hands of the people.
Today, every federal judge is bound by a Code of Conduct – except Supreme Court justices. It’s a recipe for corruption. We can fix it by applying the Code of Conduct for United States Judges to Supreme Court justices. Sign up now if you’re with me.
Sexual assault and perjury complaints against Brett Kavanaugh were dismissed when he was confirmed to the Supreme Court – that’s ridiculous. Under my plan, investigations will remain open until their findings are made public and any penalties for misconduct are issued.
Right now, the legal definition of lobbying is so limited that powerful interests can keep their influence-peddling in the shadows. We’ll expand the definition to include anyone who is paid to influence lawmakers. If you’re ready to end lobbying as we know it, sign up now.
Under current law, members of Congress can trade stocks and then use their powerful positions to increase the value of those stocks. Under my plan, we will ban members of Congress and senior government officials from owning or trading individual stocks. Sign up if you’re with me.
Our government works great for the wealthy and well-connected, but not for everyone else. That’s corruption, plain and simple – and I’ve got a comprehensive plan to fight back. Sign up if you’re ready to put power back in the hands of the people.
Politicians and advisors like Donald Trump Jr. have reportedly tried to receive help from foreign countries. We will clarify the definition of “in-kind contributions” to ensure that no candidate can receive political assistance from foreign countries. Sign up if you’re with me.
Right now, the legal definition of lobbying is so limited that powerful interests can keep their influence-peddling in the shadows. We’ll expand the definition to include anyone who is paid to influence lawmakers. If you’re ready to end lobbying as we know it, sign up now.
Today, every federal judge is bound by a Code of Conduct – except Supreme Court justices. It’s a recipe for corruption. We can fix it by applying the Code of Conduct for United States Judges to Supreme Court justices. Sign up now if you’re with me.
Sexual assault and perjury complaints against Brett Kavanaugh were dismissed when he was confirmed to the Supreme Court – that’s ridiculous. Under my plan, investigations will remain open until their findings are made public and any penalties for misconduct are issued.
Under current law, members of Congress can trade stocks and then use their powerful positions to increase the value of those stocks. Under my plan, we will ban members of Congress and senior government officials from owning or trading individual stocks. Sign up if you’re with me.
Donald Trump is a walking conflict of interest. My plan requires presidents and vice-presidents to put their businesses into a blind trust to be sold off. And we’ll automatically release the tax returns of all federal candidates and officeholders. Sign up now if you’re with me.
Our government works great for the wealthy and well-connected, but not for everyone else. That’s corruption, plain and simple – and I’ve got a comprehensive plan to fight back. Sign up if you’re ready to put power back in the hands of the people.
What cheering in the Quiet Car looks like. Thanks 
Tonight, Elizabeth will deliver a speech on how corruption in Washington has allowed the rich and powerful to grow richer and more powerful. RSVP to join her in Washington Square Park! 
Grateful for endorsement today. Together, we're going to make the big, structural change we need so that government works for all of us—not just the wealthy and well-connected. 
Together, we can root out the corruption in Washington. We can make big, structural changes that will restore our trust in government. And when I’m President, that’s exactly what I plan to do.
That’s not all. I've also released plans to make sure that no president is above the law, to tackle defense contractor coziness at the Pentagon, and to expand oversight, transparency, and enforcement for all contractors hired by the federal government.
We'll fix our criminal laws to make sure we can hold corrupt officials accountable. And we'll ensure that our federal agencies and courts work for the people. That includes holding our federal judiciary—including the Supreme Court—to the highest ethical standards.
We'll end lobbying as we know it, strengthening our lobbying laws and helping to break the grip that lobbyists have on our government. The voices of corporations and powerful interests shouldn’t be the only voices influencing government—but that’s exactly what’s happened.
We'll start by strengthening public integrity rules for federal officials in every branch of government, rooting out financial conflicts of interest, and slamming shut the revolving door between government and industry.
My plan lays out the most sweeping set of anti-corruption reforms since Watergate—nearly one hundred proposals. The goal is simple: Take power away from the wealthy and the well-connected and put it back where it belongs—in the hands of the people.
But these problems didn’t start with Trump. On issue after issue, widely popular policies are blocked because corporations and billionaires use their money and influence to stop any progress. To fix it, we’ll need big, structural change to fundamentally transform our government.
The Trump administration is the most corrupt of our lifetimes. Trump is a walking conflict of interest, and many of his cabinet secretaries are no better. His Supreme Court Justices were hand-picked by right-wing extremist groups, and some of his donors are now ambassadors.
In 2019, just 17% of Americans trusted government to do the right thing. Why? Because our government works great for the wealthy and well-connected, but not for everyone else. That’s corruption, plain and simple—and I’ve got a plan to fight back. 
Auto workers deserve good wages, comprehensive benefits, and economic security. I stand with as they strike to get what they deserve, and urge GM to come to the table and negotiate in good faith. 
Grateful to be a part of the convention yesterday. Serving the people of Massachusetts is an incredible honor. In 2020, we're going to dream big, fight hard, and elect Democrats up and down the ticket—in Massachusetts and everywhere in our country.  
 Grateful down to my toes for your hard work, Ara. But please do your homework!
 Elizabeth Warren knows what it is to fight for yourself and to not give up. You know where she stands. You know who s…
 Carole RobertsonAddie Mae CollinsCynthia Wesley Denise McNair Sept. 15, 196316th Street Baptist Church 
Tomorrow, September 16th, I’ll be in New York City to tell the story of how working women organized to change the course of history after the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire. I hope to see you there:   
Massachusetts is so proud of you, Ruth. Thank you for being my guest last night at the Congressional Black Caucus Dinner! 
Last year the Kavanaugh nomination was rammed through the Senate without a thorough examination of the allegations against him. Confirmation is not exoneration, and these newest revelations are disturbing. Like the man who appointed him, Kavanaugh should be impeached.
 is doing an incredible job leading and I'm grateful down to my toes to have her on  
On Monday, Elizabeth will deliver a speech you don’t want to miss, to call out corruption and share her plans to build a democracy that works for all of us — not just those at the top. Sign up now to get a reminder when it’s time to tune in to watch her speech live!
On Monday, Elizabeth will deliver a speech you don’t want to miss, to call out corruption and share her plans to build a democracy that works for all of us — not just those at the top. Sign up now to get a reminder when it’s time to tune in to watch her speech live!
Woo-hoo! I love seeing Massachusetts ready to dream big, fight hard, and elect Democrats up and down the ballot in 2020.  
Thank you, Massachusetts! If we dream big and fight hard together, we can win in 2020. 
Amazon needs to answer for the dangerous and unfair conditions that too many of their delivery drivers are forced to work under. 
I'm heartsick for Bee Love Slater and her loved ones. The murder of Black trans women is a crisis—and we have to act now to stop it. 
It’s also another reason why we need to  Amazon's anti-competitive merger with Whole Foods isn't just bad for consumers—it's bad for employees. 
Jeff Bezos committed to providing his employees "important benefits"—right before Whole Foods cut health care benefits for hundreds of employees.This is exactly why we need  
Giant corporations don’t get to ruin the water for everyone else because it increases their profitability. When I’m president, I’ll reinstate the clean water rule to protect our streams and wetlands—and the drinking water they provide. 
Keep fighting, Democracy depends on all of us being willing to speak out.  
This is appalling. We must use every tool at our disposal to end the HIV epidemic. That means funding research, reducing transmission rates, and ensuring that those living with HIV get the care that they need.  
I know what’s broken in our country, and I’m in this fight to fix it.
Public defenders are under-resourced, overworked, and overwhelmed. My plan to reform our criminal justice system will empower our public defenders and make sure they have the resources they need. 
That's why I'm fighting for  So that people like get the care they need. So that Rachael doesn't have to spend hours on hold, filling out forms, and fighting to get Ady's care covered. And Ady can enjoy the time he has left with his family.
 The basic profit model of an insurance company is to bring in as much money as they can in premiums and pay out as little as possible in health care coverage. We like our doctors and our nurses—but I've never met anyone who actually likes their insurance company.
My friend has "good" health insurance, but it's not nearly enough. Every month, he has thousands of dollars in medical bills that his insurer won't cover. His wife Rachael spends hours every week arguing with their insurer. That's time she can't spend with Ady. 
Our Social Security system should value the work of caregiving. My plan updates outdated rules to raise benefits for caregivers—on top of immediately increasing Social Security benefits by $200 a month for everyone. 
The system is working great for giant pharmaceutical companies, but not so great for everyone who needs prescription drugs. I've got a few plans to fix that. 
I absolutely believe we can make big, structural changes to tackle the gun violence epidemic head on. If we turn our heartbreak and our anger into action, we can take the power from the NRA and the lawmakers in its pocket and return it to the people.  
Right now, Congress is held hostage by a small group of well-financed gun lobbyists. I will break the NRA’s stranglehold on Congress and sign comprehensive gun violence prevention legislation within my first 100 days. 
At last night’s  I made it clear: We can't ask our military to solve problems that can't be solved with military force. We need to bring our troops home. 
And that’s a wrap!  
I’ve been a public school teacher. We need a Secretary of Education who believes in public schools—that's why I'll appoint one who has been a public school teacher too.  
My story has a lot of twists and turns, but I was resilient. I kept fighting, and I lived my dream. I'm standing here today because I got back up, and I fought back. I know what's broken, and I want to be in the fight to fix it.  
  lived her dream—she was a public school teacher. She's committed to appointing a Secretary of Education who's als…
We want to give a special thank you to every supporter who steps up in this important moment. Chip in to power our grassroots movement and we'll send you a free sticker.
Chip in any amount to help power our grassroots campaign, and we’ll send you a free “Two Cents” sticker!
We like our doctors, our nurses, and our pharmacists—not the insurance companies. What people want is affordable health care. What we need to fight for is   
We want to give a special thank you to every supporter who steps up in this important moment. Chip in to power our grassroots movement and we'll send you a free sticker.
We want to give a special thank you to every supporter who steps up in this important moment. Chip in to power our grassroots movement and we'll send you a free sticker.
 Elizabeth Warren can explain how she’ll clear student loan debt, fund HBCU’s, small business equity grants for minority…
 Wow. Elizabeth Warren. If you just watched the  and are as fired up as I am, there’s something you can do…
 If giant corporations can save a nickel by moving a job overseas, they'll do it in a heartbeat. We can't let these corporat…
 Wow. Elizabeth Warren. If you just watched the  and are as fired up as I am, there’s something you can do with all…
 After tonight’s  I want Elizabeth Warren to be president more than ever. Join me in chipping in to gra…
I just stepped off the  stage feeling fired up about the movement we’re building together. Our campaign is 100% grassroots funded—no fancy fundraisers, no federal lobbyists, no PACs.Will you chip in whatever you can to my campaign right now? 
 Climate change is an existential crisis, and we are running out of time to stop it. We need to use every tool we can to tac…
I got to live my dream of being a public school teacher. But by the end of my first school year, I was visibly pregnant. The principal said, “Good luck!” and didn’t ask me back. But I got back up, and I fought back. That's why I'm standing here today. 
 Why can't we pass any legislation to end the gun violence epidemic? Corruption, plain and simple. We have a Congress that i…
 My takeaway from tonight’s  is pretty simple: I’m ready for Elizabeth Warren to be President of the United States.…
I’ve proposed a two-cent wealth tax that would mean  for every baby and child aged 1-4, would cancel student loan debt for 95% of people who have it, invest $50 billion in HBCUs, and strengthen our unions.  
I think I’m the only person on stage who’s been a public school teacher. Money for public schools should stay in public schools. I’ve already made my commitment: When I’m president, we will have a Secretary of Education who has been a public school teacher. 
 Big. Structural. Change. Whether it’s solving our climate crisis or ending mass incarceration or lifting our seniors out of…
 We can't ask our military to solve problems that can't be solved with military force. We need to be working with our allies…
We need to fight climate change on every front. It is the threat to every living thing on this planet—and we're running out of time. I’ve adopted Governor proposal to cut all carbon emissions by 2030, and we need to tackle corruption in Washington head on. 
What we’re doing right now in Afghanistan is not helping the safety and security of the U.S., Afghanistan, or the world. We cannot ask our military to solve problems that can’t be solved with military force. We need to bring our troops home. 
 Immigration does not make us weaker—immigration makes us stronger. wants to expand legal immigration and create a…
Our trade policy is broken because it works for giant multinational corporations and no one else. If they can save a nickel by moving to a foreign country, they'll do it. When I’m president, corporations won’t shape our trade policy: Unions, farmers, and workers will. 
Chip in any amount to help power our grassroots campaign, and we’ll send you a free “Two Cents” sticker!
 Lots of interesting takes tonight on the debate stage some poignant ; others comedic. Elizabeth Warren’s message is sim…
I want to start with a statement of principal: Immigration does not make us weaker—it makes us stronger. As president, I will expand legal immigration and create a pathway to citizenship, not only for DREAMers, but for their families. 
I want to be as clear as I can: When Democrats next have power, we should be bold. It’s time to get rid of the filibuster. 
Nearly 90% of Americans want to see background checks. Why isn’t anything getting done? Because Congress is beholden to the NRA. It’s corruption, plain and simple. Unless we address systemic problems, like the filibuster and the gun lobby, we won’t get anywhere. 
Our punitive criminal justice system is devastating entire communities. If we want real justice in our country, then we need big, structural changes to reform our system from beginning to end. I’ve got a plan to do just that. 
 We like our doctors, our nurses, and our pharmacists. We don't like spending endless hours filling out forms and waiting on…
Chip in any amount to help power our grassroots campaign, and we’ll send you a free “Two Cents” sticker!
 The  is just starting ; it’s clear that is the messenger we need. Whether it’s healthcare, the clima…
 Today, there are a lot fewer paths to America's middle class. We need a government that works not just for the wealthy and…
Under  people will have access to all of their doctors, their nurses, their rural and community hospitals. What this is about is making sure we have the most efficient way possible to pay for health care for everyone in this country. 
I have never met anyone who likes their health insurance company. They like their doctors, their pharmacists, their nurses. What people want is affordable health care. What we need to fight for is  
What we’re talking about here is what’s going to happen in families’ pockets. The answer is that under  costs are going to go up for rich individuals and giant corporations. And costs are going to go down for hardworking families. 
 🤩  if you’re excited to see rock the  tonight—and then chip in whatever you can right now to keep powe…
The path to the American middle class is getting rockier. Students are getting crushed by mountains of student debt. We face an existential climate crisis. I know what’s broken, I know how to fix it, and I’m going to lead the fight to get it done. 
In just a few minutes, I’ll be behind a podium at the  Tune in! 
See you soon!  
Bruce and I had a great time chatting with Tooba and Mustafa before tonight’s  Thanks for being in this fight! 
 I've got a few! Tooba, a biology student, flew down from Kalamazoo, Michigan to join us. I also invited Melody, Erin, and Luigi, a few of our local volunteers. And of course, I have my husband Bruce. Houston holds a lot of memories for us—it's where we started dating!
At tonight’s  I’m looking forward to talking about our fight to make our government work for everyone, not just the wealthy and well-connected. If we work together, we can win in 2020.Will you chip in $3 to help power our grassroots campaign? 
Are you ready to help make big, structural change? Take the next step and join our team today! Become a volunteer and register voters, make phone calls, and more in your community. We’re building a grassroots movement, and we are looking for people like you to join us.
Are you looking to get involved in our campaign? Become a Massachusetts for Warren volunteer today! You’ll host events, knock on doors, ; so much more! Change starts with supporters who are ready to organize their community ; fight for a government that works for everyone.
Are you looking to get involved in our campaign? Become a Massachusetts for Warren volunteer today! You’ll host events, knock on doors, ; so much more! Change starts with supporters who are ready to organize their community ; fight for a government that works for everyone.
Are you looking to get involved in our campaign? Become a Massachusetts for Warren volunteer today! You’ll host events, knock on doors, ; so much more! Change starts with supporters who are ready to organize their community ; fight for a government that works for everyone.
Are you ready to help make big, structural change? Take the next step and join our team today! Become a volunteer and register voters, make phone calls, and more in your community. We’re building a grassroots movement, and we are looking for people like you to join us.
Are you ready to help make big, structural change? Take the next step and join our team today! Become a volunteer and register voters, make phone calls, and more in your community. We’re building a grassroots movement, and we are looking for people like you to join us.
Partly because of work and pay discrimination and caregiving responsibilities, women's average monthly Social Security benefits are just 78% of the average monthly benefit for men. That's not right, and my new plan to expand Social Security helps fix it. 
 We have a real chance to win in 2020 and return the power to the people.If you’re ready to own a piece of this campaign,…
It's time to put a stop to racist voter suppression. I've got a plan to stop corrupt politicians from undermining the fundamental right to vote:  
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth — hotels and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth — hotels and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth — hotels and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in now to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth — hotels and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Chip in now to be automatically entered!
I'm proud to be fighting alongside for big, structural change in 2020. We’re going to do this together. 
When Washington politicians discuss Social Security, it’s usually to talk about cutting benefits by a lot or a little bit. Donald Trump wanted to cut billions from the program. My plan would give every current and future beneficiary $200 more a month. Sign up now.
Today's Social Security benefits are too small to give retirees financial stability, and the situation is even more dire for Americans who haven’t retired yet. So today I called for the biggest, most progressive increase in Social Security benefits in nearly 50 years. 
Under my plan, all Social Security beneficiaries will receive at least $200 more per month. And every future beneficiary will see at least a $200-a-month increase, whether you're 60 or 20 years old. Click here to see how your Social Security benefits will increase under my plan.
Right now, the rich contribute a far smaller portion of their income to Social Security than everyone else. My plan would require the rich to pay their fair share and increase benefits for every current and future Social Security beneficiary. Sign up now if you’re with me.
When Washington politicians discuss Social Security, it’s to talk about cutting benefits by a lot or a little bit. Donald Trump wanted to cut billions from the program. My plan would give every current and future beneficiary $200 more a month. Sign up now if you’re with me.
As president, I’ll extend the solvency of Social Security by nearly 20 years by asking the wealthiest 2% of earners to contribute their fair share. If you’re ready to provide the biggest increase in Social Security benefits in almost 50 years, sign up now.
We need to be increasing Society Security benefits and asking the richest Americans to contribute their fair share. My plan increases Social Security benefits immediately by $200 a month for every current and future Social Security beneficiary. Sign up now if you’re with me.
Thank you, for representing  and our grassroots movement at Excited to have you in this fight. 
Houston holds a lot of memories for me. It's great to be back here for tonight's  
 Hang in there Sophie—you're doing great work, and I'm grateful down to my toes to have you in this fight!
Trump's trade war has cost us 300,000 jobs and is driving us closer to an economic crash—but we’ve still got time to stop it. We need a real plan to save our economy, and I've got one. 
Let’s be clear: The wealthiest 0.1% haven't been paying their fair share. I'm not going to let them rig the system for themselves while opportunity slips away for everyone else. This isn’t about winning or losing. My  will level the playing field for everyone. 
Everyone deserves a decent retirement. Try my new retirement calculator to see how much your Social Security benefits would increase under my plan: 
Another big benefit: My plan will increase economic growth in the long term and reduce the deficit by more than $1 trillion over the next ten years.
So how will we pay for this? Easy. We can immediately increase Social Security benefits and extend the program’s solvency by nearly two decades by asking the top 2% of families to contribute their fair share to the program.
Those who face work and pay discrimination, like women and caregivers, low-income workers, people of color, and people with disabilities, have lower benefits in retirement. I'll update outdated Social Security rules to ensure everyone gets fairer benefits.
For the 63 million Americans who count on Social Security—including the 10 million Americans with disabilities and their families—my plan will provide more economic security. Money to see the doctor or do necessary home repairs.
My plan would immediately increase Social Security benefits by $200 a month—$2,400 a year—for every current and future Social Security beneficiary in America. This would immediately lift around 4.9 million seniors out of poverty and cut the senior poverty rate by nearly 70%.
Social Security has become the main source of retirement income for most seniors, but the benefits today are quite small. 14% of seniors live in poverty—another 28% of seniors are close to it. Seniors are cutting pills and skipping meals to save money. This is unacceptable.
It’s getting harder for families to save enough for a decent retirement. A generation of stagnant wages and rising costs for basics like housing and health care have squeezed family budgets. Millions of Americans are sacrificing saving for retirement just to make ends meet.
We face a retirement crunch that's only going to get worse unless we take bold action. I've got a plan to provide the biggest increase in Social Security benefits in decades—an immediate $200-a-month increase for everyone. 
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth — hotels and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth — hotels and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth — hotels and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer (or coffee, or tea, or whatever) with Elizabeth — hotels and flights are on us! Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
My stance couldn’t be clearer: These executives and CEOs know the system has been rigged in their favor—and they’ve gotten away with it for a long time. That stops when I’m president. 
It's time for corporations to pay their fair share and put  This reform is long overdue. 
This is excellent news for Uber and Lyft drivers—and for every employee who has been misclassified as an "independent contractor" by their employer. Now let's keep up the fight for full employee status for workers across the country. 
 “23 billion dollars in profits. How did they earn every dollar of those profits?By saying no."Senator on why…
It is cruel and unnecessary to separate a kid from their family—especially after surviving Hurricane Dorian. We should be protecting and supporting families fleeing natural disasters, not punishing and traumatizing them. 
Let’s be clear: This decision is racist and cruel. We should grant Temporary Protected Status to Bahamians fleeing Hurricane Dorian. A Warren administration will reinstate TPS to protect refugees who are at risk in their home countries. 
Today, I’m thinking about the lives we lost on September 11th and the courage of the first responders, service members, and citizens who risked their lives that day and in the aftermath of that tragedy. We will always remember them.
When we dream big and fight hard, we win! Thank you, Austin—I’m grateful down to my toes. 
If you or someone you know needs help today, there are resources available. Call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 (Deaf and Hard of Hearing: 1-800-799-4889, En Español: 1-888-628-9454). Or text by texting HOME to 741741.
We can do so much more to help prevent suicide in the United States. We need  to ensure everyone has the mental health care they need. We need real gun reform. And we need to end the stigma around seeking and receiving help. 
 waited for hours at our Seattle town hall to ask me to co-sponsor the Survivors’ Access to Supportive Care Act. Leah: I'm proud to be a co-sponsor. Thank you for taking the time to talk with me. 
Apple's App Store is one of the dominant platforms for app makers, and they've got too much power to stifle competition and promote their own products. That's not right—and it's why I've got a plan to  
I'm Elizabeth Warren and I approve this message. 
This is a much needed investigation into Google's behavior. You can be an umpire or you can own a team, but you can't do both in the same game. My plan to  would fix this problem on Google's ad exchange. 
Republicans who gleefully blocked funding for women's health clinics and Medicaid expansion are now trying to sneak through an abortion ban. It’s reprehensible. South Carolina deserves better—and I've got a plan to protect reproductive health care for all Americans. 
It was so good to talk with my friend and his family. Health care is a basic human right—and we fight for basic human rights. I'm proud to be fighting alongside him for  
 knows that if we want to make big, structural change, we have to end corruption in Washington, plain and simple. North Carolina: Remember to get out and vote for Dan in today's special election! 
The American people are better off with John Bolton out of the White House. The world will be better off when the man who hired him in the first place is out too.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
I love these! Always grateful to work with talented artists on 
 But that’s why we’re gonna keep fighting for  families like yours and mine. Thank you for opening up your home to me and asking these important questions. We’re in this fight together.
 Exactly. I spent a big chunk of my life studying why families go broke, and one of the top reasons is the cost of health care. After my daddy had a heart attack, we lost the family station wagon, and we nearly lost the house.
 Insurance companies. Right now, the system is working great for them. They pull in as many dollars as they can in premiums, and pay out as few dollars as possible for health care. You know firsthand how difficult this system can be even for people with good insurance.
 It looks like  Our current system works great for the insurance companies making big profits, but not for the families who have to fight them to get the health care they need. Big, structural change means fighting for a system that works for all of us.
My friend understands firsthand how our current health care system is failing patients and their families. I’m honored to be fighting alongside him for  
I took the Foundation’s Upstander Pledge, because it's time to build a country that works for all of us—and there’s no place for bullying or cruelty in this fight. 
 It’s true!
 You’re doing incredible work. Let’s elect even more moms up and down the ballot!
 Every candidate can offer their policy solution to health care. But we’re not doing justice to patients unless we talk about…
The gun violence epidemic is growing worse because our nation is being held hostage by a small group of well-financed extremists who block any bill. We don't need Trump's half-baked schemes that falsely blame mental illness. Stand up to the gun lobby. 
Stephen Smith is building a people-powered movement to take back the power from corporate executives, lobbyists, and politicians who put their own interests ahead of everyone else. West Virginia can't wait any longer for big, structural change. I'm proud to endorse 
At a time when our reproductive rights are under attack, Illinois deserves a leader with an unwavering commitment to fighting for reproductive health care. I'm proud to endorse She understands this isn’t a moment to back down—it’s time to fight back. 
Read my full plan to protect reproductive health care here: 
Thousands of Ohio patients will be cut off from reproductive health care because of Republicans’ attacks. We have to fight back. Congress must pass new federal laws that protect access to reproductive care. And I've got a plan for that.  
The people of Texas’ 28th district deserve a Democrat who will be on the side of working people. is that fighter. She knows that when we’re unapologetic about our values and who we’re in this fight for, we win. I'm proud to endorse her! 
 candidate has been a leader in protecting our public schools and ensuring every kid gets a high-quality education. Her passion, commitment, and big ideas will make real change for Philadelphia’s working families. I'm proud to endorse her! 
 Thank you, glad to have your support and to be fighting alongside you for big, structural change!
This will be a moment of determination. Determination to change.I stand with and my fellow candidates in the fight to end gun violence. Our next president must be a  
This is a tough fight, but there's always room for a little fun! Tune in on Tuesday for my full conversation with (and Carl and his space shuttle). 
Our military families are being left with cramped, decaying schools so Trump can build his hateful border wall. This is a disgrace. 
I couldn't do any of this without Bruce, my family, and We're going to build the America of our dreams together. 
No need to stand on ceremony here and I have been friends for a long time. Be sure to watch our full conversation on health care and  Tuesday on 
I am not afraid—and if Democrats are going to win, you can’t be afraid either. This is our moment in history. This is our moment to dream big and fight hard. Thank you,  
 Greetings from   is in NYC this weekend dreaming big and werking hard. 
Everyone should own a piece of our democracy. At the  convention, I talked about how we’re building a grassroots movement.No PACs and giant corporations, just people—in New Hampshire and all around our country. Let’s dream big, fight hard, and win in 2020! 
The energy of our grassroots movement—that’s what keeps me going. Thank you for coming out today for the  convention! 
Corruption.Plain and simple.This is why I’ve introduced the biggest anti-corruption bill since Watergate. 
We must call out these hateful attacks wherever and whenever they happen. LGBTQ+ Americans should be able to live free from fear or discrimination. I’m fighting for your rights every day. 
That’s my guy. 
Woo-hoo! Let’s do this.  
Four auto manufacturers decided to reject Donald Trump’s rollback of fuel economy standards. Now Trump's using the Justice Department to attack those companies for embarrassing him.That’s disgraceful. 
Bailey "helped" me with grassroots donor call time yesterday. 
For some candidates, “call time” means dialing up millionaires and asking for big checks.Not me. Last night, I spent “call time” thanking supporters and talking with voters. Will you chip in $3 to our grassroots campaign? I might call you to say thanks! 
 is fighting to make sure every family has the health care they need. Health care is a basic human right, and we fight for basic human rights. I'm proud to be fighting alongside Ady for  
I’m proud to support as they fight for a fair contract—because one job should be enough.   
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
Defense contractor influence is part of why we have a wasteful, unsustainable Pentagon budget. It's corruption, plain and simple. I'll make real cuts, and I've introduced sweeping anti-corruption legislation to limit lobbyist influence at the Pentagon. 
On my first day as president, I will sign an executive order that puts a total moratorium on all new fossil fuel leases for drilling offshore and on public lands. And I will ban fracking—everywhere.
 Tell your mom it was great chatting with her! Thanks for being a part of this grassroots movement. This is how we’ll win—together.
We need universal free public college and technical school so students can graduate without crushing debt. And I've got a plan to cancel student loan debt for more than 95% of Americans who hold it. Find out how much of your debt my plan would cancel: 
Betsy DeVos's Education Department is denying nearly all applications for the updated Public Service Loan Forgiveness program and making it very difficult to apply for the program at all. It's time to fix this student loan debt crisis once and for all. 
 I’m sorry I missed you! I’m grateful down to my toes for everything you’ve done for this grassroots movement.
This is immoral. Our laws and values compel us to help those fleeing violence and oppression. As president, I'll welcome at least 175,000 refugees per year by the end of my first term. 
The  isn't just about reducing our emissions. It's also about making sure American workers have good green jobs. My Green Manufacturing Plan will create 1.2 million of those jobs—getting us one big step closer to that goal. 
 I absolutely love your designs! Thank you so much—I’m grateful down to my toes.
Mike Pence went out of his way to line the president’s pockets with taxpayer money by staying at Trump’s hotel. That has a name: Corruption—plain and simple. 
 She’s right.We all want to, ; can, do our part w climate change ; environmental justice.But know that just 3 industries are re…
The fossil fuel industry wants us to talk about light bulbs and cheeseburgers so we don't talk about how 70% of pollution comes from transportation, electricity production, and buildings.I won't be sidetracked—we need bold action to fight climate change. 
Undocumented leaders and organizers have done incredible work. Now it's on us to act. We should immediately reinstate DACA—and then give Dreamers and their families a fair and achievable path to citizenship. 
 Thanks for being on the call and in this fight, Katya!
 No such thing as being “uncool.” Glad I got to meet you both! Grateful down to my toes for your support.
The Amazon fires are accelerating the climate crisis, and indigenous communities are being disproportionately impacted. In the U.S. and around the world, we must fight climate change and protect indigenous lands.  
What the Trump administration has done to these children and their families is cruel and inhumane. We must stop unnecessary detention. 
Farmers want to be stewards of our land and part of the solution to climate change—and we should be supporting them. That's why my plan will provide farmers with the tools and resources they need to invest in sustainable farming practices. 
The best part of the  was getting to see all of the incredible young activists who built a grassroots movement to make it happen. That's how we'll stop climate change—by dreaming big, fighting hard, and organizing together! 
The fossil fuel industry wants to keep us arguing about light bulbs and cheeseburgers while 70% of pollution comes from just three industries. We need to focus on creating big, structural change to tackle this climate crisis and the Washington corruption head-on.  
 The  isn’t only about targets. It’s about justice. has a plan for that.  
You don’t get to ruin the air, the water, and the soil for everyone else because it increases your profitability.  
Washington is taking money from fossil fuel industries and big polluters and doing exactly what they want, which is mostly nothing. As long as those guys continue to call the shots, we won’t be able to make the changes we need. 
I just stepped off the stage at the  In a Warren administration, I’ll fight my heart out for our environment—from ending new fossil leases on public lands to investing $2 trillion in green research.Will you chip in $3 right now? 
I proudly adopted many of plans—you go anywhere where there are good plans. The only way we’re going to make change is by looking everywhere.  
 “I have an aggressive plan to reduce our carbon footprint: By 2028, we don’t have any more new buildings that have any carb…
How is it that, in a democracy, we can have a handful of corporations that year after year drag in bigger profits while the ocean rises—and while our children are sick, and people are dying? That is not right, and it’s happening because Washington is corrupt. 
This is exactly what fossil fuel industries want us to talk about—they want to stir up a lot of controversy around your light bulbs, straws, cheeseburgers. But 70% of the pollution comes from three industries. We can set our targets and say no more by 2035. 
You don’t get to ruin the air, water, and soil for everyone else just to help giant corporations. We have a Washington that works great for the wealthy and well-connected. It’s just not working for the rest of us. That's corruption, plain and simple. 
Don’t sit around and tell me what’s not possible. Look around and tell me what happens if we don’t make change. 
I have an aggressive plan to reduce our carbon footprint: By 2028, we won’t have any more new buildings that have any carbon footprint. By 2030, we'll do the same for our cars and trucks. By 2035, we'll do the same for our electricity generation. 
Climate change is an existential crisis, and it's going to take big, structural change to stop it before it's too late. Catch up on all of my plans to combat the climate crisis, and then join me on tonight at 9:20 P.M. ET for the  
Why has Washington been dragging its feet on fighting the climate crisis? Corruption, plain and simple. 
 I especially love that climate plan includes a commitment to American workers that these jobs will be union job…
Barriers that hamper reentry for formerly incarcerated people—like restrictions on occupational licensing—make it harder for those who have served their time to find work and fully rejoin their communities. We should remove those barriers. 
I’m committing to adopt and build on Governor Inslee’s ten-year action plan to achieve 100% clean energy for America by decarbonizing our electricity, our vehicles, and our buildings. And I’m challenging every other candidate for president to do the same. Sign up now to join me.
As president, I’ll work to rapidly achieve 100% clean, renewable, and zero-emission energy in electricity generation. If you’re ready to fight for bold action to confront the climate crisis, sign up now to join me.
As president, my administration will set a goal of achieving zero emissions in all new cars, medium-duty trucks, and buses by 2030. If you’re ready to fight for bold action to confront the climate crisis, sign up now to join me.
As President, I’ll commit $2 trillion to grow our green manufacturing and an additional $1 trillion — fully paid for by reversing Trump’s tax cuts for the wealthy — to achieve 100% clean energy by 2030. Sign up now if you agree we need bold action on climate change.
As president, I’ll work to rapidly achieve 100% clean, renewable, and zero-emission energy in electricity generation. If you’re ready to fight for bold action to confront the climate crisis, sign up now to join me.
If we want more good American jobs, we need stronger unions and more power in the hands of the people. That's why we need  
This undermines Congress’ constitutional duties and is an insult to our service members. Trump’s border wall isn’t about security—it’s nothing more than a sign of his administration’s hate. 
Climate change disproportionately impacts communities of color, indigenous people, and low-income Americans. To tackle our climate crisis, we must address the legacy of environmental racism and listen to those living on the front lines of climate change. 
 provided bold, detailed ideas for how to combat climate change, and his ideas should remain at the center of our agenda. Every candidate for president should adopt his ten-year action plan for 100% clean energy. 
I'm committing an additional $1 trillion to help transition to clean and renewable electricity, zero emission vehicles, and green products for buildings. We'll pay for it by reversing Trump’s tax cuts for the wealthiest individuals and giant corporations. 
Climate change is accelerating, and we are already dealing with the consequences. We're running out of time. Combating climate change will be a top priority when I'm president. 
Ohio lawmakers are bending over backwards to gut renewable energy and energy efficiency standards. This is a dangerous law. We need to act fast to stop climate change, not bail out its biggest culprits. 
Climate change is an existential crisis. We need aggressive action—and we need it now. Nothing less than a national, grassroots movement will be required. Together, we can make the big, structural change we need to tackle this crisis head-on.
We won’t solve the climate crisis with a one-size-fits-all approach. That's why I've woven policies tackling climate change throughout many of my plans, from how we approach trade to sustainable agriculture and protecting our public lands. Take a look: 
I’m committing $1 trillion to decarbonizing our electricity, our vehicles, and our buildings. This is on top of the $2 trillion I've already committed to green research, manufacturing, and exporting. We'll create millions of jobs and achieve the goals of the 
 provided bold, detailed ideas on how to confront climate change, and his ideas should remain at the center of the climate agenda. Today, I'm adopting and building upon his ten-year action plan to achieve 100% clean energy for America. 
Climate change costs lives, causes hundreds of billions of dollars in damage, and disproportionately impacts vulnerable communities. This is an emergency—but we also have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to tackle it head on with big, structural changes.
As President, I’ll commit $2 trillion to grow our green manufacturing and an additional $1 trillion — fully paid for by reversing Trump’s tax cuts for the wealthy — to achieve 100% clean energy by 2030. Sign up now if you agree we need bold action on climate change.
As President, I’ll commit $2 trillion to grow our green manufacturing and an additional $1 trillion — fully paid for by reversing Trump’s tax cuts for the wealthy — to achieve 100% clean energy by 2030. Sign up now if you agree we need bold action on climate change.
As president, my administration will set a goal of achieving zero emissions in all new cars, medium-duty trucks, and buses by 2030. If you’re ready to fight for bold action to confront the climate crisis, sign up now to join me.
As president, my administration will set a goal of achieving zero emissions in all new cars, medium-duty trucks, and buses by 2030. If you’re ready to fight for bold action to confront the climate crisis, sign up now to join me.
As president, I’ll work to rapidly achieve 100% clean, renewable, and zero-emission energy in electricity generation. If you’re ready to fight for bold action to confront the climate crisis, sign up now to join me.
As president, I’ll work to rapidly achieve 100% clean, renewable, and zero-emission energy in electricity generation. If you’re ready to fight for bold action to confront the climate crisis, sign up now to join me.
I’m committing to adopt and build on Governor Inslee’s ten-year action plan to achieve 100% clean energy for America by decarbonizing our electricity, our vehicles, and our buildings. And I’m challenging every other candidate for president to do the same. Sign up now to join me.
I’m committing to adopt and build on Governor Inslee’s ten-year action plan to achieve 100% clean energy for America by decarbonizing our electricity, our vehicles, and our buildings. And I’m challenging every other candidate for president to do the same. Sign up now to join me.
People with low incomes are more likely to be entangled in the criminal justice system, and—because of unreasonably punitive and financially burdensome systems like cash bail—they're less likely to make their way out. It's time to end cash bail. 
Surprise, surprise: Another way Trump’s tax bill turned out to be just another giveaway for his rich buddies. 
This is exactly why fines aren’t good enough. When executives of major companies knowingly hurt people through criminal negligence, they should face real criminal penalties. 
This is a good start—but it's not nearly enough. Walmart can and should do much more. And we need real gun reform, now. 
This is inhumane. Our government must provide those in our care with all the health and sanitary products they need. 
We need strong enforcement of our campaign finance laws —and that means a fully functioning Federal Election Commission. 
Thank you, New Hampshire, for letting me spend Labor Day with you! Let’s dream big, fight hard, and win together. 
I began my campaign in Lawrence, MA, where textile workers—mostly women, nearly all immigrants—went on strike after their pay was cut. They put aside their differences and fought together for a better life. Their fight inspires and moves us today. 
No matter how many times strikers and organizers have been told "it’s too hard, give up now," they've persisted. When workers organize and fight together, they win—and they can change America.  
Unions built the middle class—and unions will rebuild the middle class. If we want more good American jobs, then we need stronger unions and more power in the hands of the people. I’m proud to be fighting alongside our unions.  
DoorDash—recently caught pocketing tips intended for their drivers—is joining the fight for a ballot initiative that will allow them to exploit their workers and deny them protections. All Democrats should speak out against this proposed ballot measure. 
Glad I got a chance to talk with ABS-CBN News about improving access to health care, strengthening our economy, and reforming our immigration system. I’m in this fight all the way for Filipino families and to build an America that lives up to our values. 
Gun violence is a public health crisis—and our country is being held hostage by a small group of well-financed extremists. I will break the NRA’s stranglehold on Congress and sign comprehensive gun violence prevention legislation within my first 100 days. 
My thoughts are with the people of the Bahamas today as they face  Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina: Be prepared, make sure you have an emergency plan, and stay safe. 
I'm heartsick for the victims of this latest mass shooting in Odessa and Midland. We shouldn't have to live with this near daily fear and horror. We've already lost far too many to gun violence—Congress must act now. 
Uber and Lyft are prepared to spend millions so they can continue classifying their workers as "independent contractors" to exploit them and deny them protections. The California Senate must pass AB 5, and all Democrats should fight this ballot measure. 
I will nominate a Secretary of Education who has been a public school teacher—Betsy DeVos need not apply. 
I’m proud of the movement we’re building together. We can dream big, fight hard, and win in 2020—with a campaign that’s 100% grassroots-funded. Own a piece of our campaign and chip in whatever you can before midnight. 
As Hurricane Dorian nears Florida, please be prepared and stay safe. 
I’m not taking applications from billionaires to start a Super PAC for me. You won’t find me at a fancy fundraiser asking millionaires for big checks.Instead, people like you make this campaign possible. Will you chip in $3 before our August deadline?
Trump is lying about his calls with China because his trade war is failing, and he's scrambling. We need a real plan to fix our economy before there’s another downturn. I’ve got one.  
I'm not going to let giant corporations dictate America's trade policy anymore. I'll make sure our trade policies create and defend good American jobs and raise wages—and that unions and labor will have a seat at the negotiating table. 
As he tries to compensate for his own mishandling of the economy, Donald Trump appears to be floating a tax giveaway that would go almost entirely to the wealthy. He has no plan except more looting to reward his rich buddies. 
The people of Hong Kong deserve the rights promised to them by the Chinese government. The world is watching.
When Ellie got the call that she had won a free trip to meet Elizabeth at the debate in Detroit—after donating just $3—she couldn't believe it. Chip in $3 to be automatically entered to win a free trip to the next Democratic debate — with flights and hotel covered.
When Ellie got the call that she had won a free trip to meet Elizabeth at the debate in Detroit—after donating just $3—she couldn't believe it. Chip in $3 to be automatically entered to win a free trip to the next Democratic debate — with flights and hotel covered.
When Ellie got the call that she had won a free trip to meet Elizabeth at the debate in Detroit—after donating just $3—she couldn't believe it. Chip in $3 to be automatically entered to win a free trip to the next Democratic debate — with flights and hotel covered.
When Ellie got the call that she had won a free trip to meet Elizabeth at the debate in Detroit—after donating just $3—she couldn't believe it. Chip in $3 to be automatically entered to win a free trip to the next Democratic debate — with flights and hotel covered.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to meet Elizabeth? Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to meet Elizabeth? Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to meet Elizabeth? Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to meet Elizabeth? Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to meet Elizabeth? Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to meet Elizabeth? Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to meet Elizabeth? Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to meet Elizabeth? Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to meet Elizabeth? Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to meet Elizabeth? Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
This is depraved and inhumane. The Trump administration must allow these vulnerable immigrants to stay and receive treatment. 
When Ellie got the call that she won a free trip to meet Elizabeth Warren at the second presidential primary debate, she couldn't believe it. You could be going to Houston to meet Elizabeth. Sign up now for your chance!
When Ellie got the call that she won a free trip to meet Elizabeth Warren at the second presidential primary debate, she couldn't believe it. You could be going to Houston to meet Elizabeth. Sign up now for your chance!
When Ellie got the call that she won a free trip to meet Elizabeth Warren at the second presidential primary debate, she couldn't believe it. You could be going to Houston to meet Elizabeth. Sign up now for your chance!
When Ellie got the call that she won a free trip to meet Elizabeth Warren at the second presidential primary debate, she couldn't believe it. You could be going to Houston to meet Elizabeth. Sign up now for your chance!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to meet Elizabeth? Sign up now for your chance!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to meet Elizabeth? Sign up now for your chance!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to meet Elizabeth? Sign up now for your chance!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to meet Elizabeth? Sign up now for your chance!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to meet Elizabeth? Sign up now for your chance!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to meet Elizabeth? Sign up now for your chance!
We can fight climate change if we take bold actions. My green manufacturing plan will invest $2 trillion in green research, manufacturing, and exporting over the next ten years—creating 1.2 million good American jobs, and helping clean up our planet. 
For a lot of candidates, “call-time” means hopping on the phone to ask wealthy donors for big checks.Not me.I spend “call-time” talking with voters and grassroots donors. Will I call you next? Chip in $3 now. 
2020 is our chance to:✅ Return the power to the people✅ Save our planet from climate change✅ Make our economy work for working familiesWill you chip in $3 or whatever you can right now to help make it happen? 
Climate change is an existential crisis. We should be enforcing and strengthening our environmental regulations—not rolling them back. 
If you own a home, you already pay a wealth tax—it’s just called a property tax. My  makes sure the 75,000 wealthiest American families pay their fair share of taxes on all other forms of wealth too, so everyone has a chance to succeed. 
The Trump administration’s cruelty knows no bounds. Making it harder for the children of even one U.S. service member to achieve citizenship is a dishonor to everyone who serves. 
 Grateful down to my toes for your support, Let’s win this fight together.
I'm standing in solidarity with as they push for a fair contract at the Battery Wharf Hotel. My campaign and I won’t spend any money at the Battery Wharf Hotel until this labor dispute is settled—because one job should be enough.  
I'm excited to be on the Democratic debate stage again on Thursday, September 12th to talk about the big, structural change we're fighting for! 
Nicol wants to be a doctor.Hilary wants to be an engineer.Ilich wants to be an American.As president, I'll reverse the Trump administration's cruel "Remain in Mexico" policy and ensure that asylum seekers will be welcomed at ports of entry. 
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
My plan to protect our democracy would put an end to this kind of voter suppression. No more registration problems. No more voter purges. And no more letting states make it even more difficult for historically disenfranchised populations to vote. 
This has to stop. Politicians are supposed to compete over how many young voters they can turn out, not how many they can keep from the polls. 
If we want to fix the criminal justice system, we have to listen to those who have been directly impacted by it. I was proud to sit down with I’m ready to fight alongside them. 
We’re up against our August fundraising deadline at the end of the week. Will you chip in $3 right now to our 100% grassroots-funded campaign? I might just call you to say thanks! 
 I’m grateful down to my toes to fight alongside you, Emmanuel. Let’s build a better world for every child in America.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s dream lives on. It’s our responsibility to carry on the fight for justice. 
Thank you for being part of this race, and for your unwavering commitment to fighting for women—from reproductive rights to paid leave. Your voice has been strong and clear, and your determination is always on display. I'm proud to keep fighting alongside you.
When Ellie won our Detroit debate contest, she said “I still can’t believe that two normal sisters from Ohio got this once-in-a-lifetime chance. Any contribution is helpful, and even a teacher who found $3 to chip in can make an impact.” Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
When Ellie won our Detroit debate contest, she said “I still can’t believe that two normal sisters from Ohio got this once-in-a-lifetime chance. Any contribution is helpful, and even a teacher who found $3 to chip in can make an impact.” Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
When Ellie won our Detroit debate contest, she said “I still can’t believe that two normal sisters from Ohio got this once-in-a-lifetime chance. Any contribution is helpful, and even a teacher who found $3 to chip in can make an impact.” Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
When Ellie won our Detroit debate contest, she said “I still can’t believe that two normal sisters from Ohio got this once-in-a-lifetime chance. Any contribution is helpful, and even a teacher who found $3 to chip in can make an impact.” Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
When Ellie won our Detroit debate contest, she said “I still can’t believe that two normal sisters from Ohio got this once-in-a-lifetime chance. Any contribution is helpful, and even a teacher who found $3 to chip in can make an impact.” Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
After release from prison, people are more likely to be unemployed, more likely to be rearrested, and more likely to overdose. Why? In part, because our prisons are not fulfilling their rehabilitative function. I talked with about my plan to change that. 
When Ellie won our Detroit debate contest, she said “I still can’t believe that two normal sisters from Ohio got this once-in-a-lifetime chance. Any contribution is helpful, and even a teacher who found $3 to chip in can make an impact.” Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
When Ellie won our Detroit debate contest, she said “I still can’t believe that two normal sisters from Ohio got this once-in-a-lifetime chance. Any contribution is helpful, and even a teacher who found $3 to chip in can make an impact.” Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
When Ellie won our Detroit debate contest, she said “I still can’t believe that two normal sisters from Ohio got this once-in-a-lifetime chance. Any contribution is helpful, and even a teacher who found $3 to chip in can make an impact.” Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
When Ellie won our Detroit debate contest, she said “I still can’t believe that two normal sisters from Ohio got this once-in-a-lifetime chance. Any contribution is helpful, and even a teacher who found $3 to chip in can make an impact.” Chip in $3 to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
When Ellie won the  contest to come to the Detroit debate, she said “I still can’t believe that two normal sisters from Ohio got this once-in-a-lifetime chance.” Sign up now for your chance!
When Ellie won the  contest to come to the Detroit debate, she said “I still can’t believe that two normal sisters from Ohio got this once-in-a-lifetime chance.” Sign up now for your chance!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
When Ellie won the  contest to come to the Detroit debate, she said “I still can’t believe that two normal sisters from Ohio got this once-in-a-lifetime chance.” Sign up now for your chance!
Not good enough. Under my Corporate Executive Accountability Act, executives of major companies that knowingly hurt people through criminal negligence won’t just pay a fine, they'll face real criminal penalties. 
When Ellie won the  contest to come to the Detroit debate, she said “I still can’t believe that two normal sisters from Ohio got this once-in-a-lifetime chance.” Sign up now for your chance!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the third  in Houston. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter before Saturday’s midnight deadline!
It is our responsibility now to carry on the fight for Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s dream. We must continue the work—today and every day—for social, racial, and economic justice. 
I'm particularly concerned that Trump is pulling millions of dollars from FEMA to detain more immigrants and implement his administration’s inhumane immigration policies. This is a cruel, dangerous move—especially at the height of hurricane season. 
As Dorian heads towards Puerto Rico, the Trump administration must be prepared to provide assistance and resources. Puerto Rico is still suffering the effects of last season's hurricanes. Now is not the time for insults, delays, or playing politics. Lives and homes are at risk.
How candidates fund their campaigns matters. Ours has been 100% grassroots-funded since the beginning. No PACs or closed-door meetings with millionaires or CEOs—just people like you chipping in what they can. Will you donate $3 and join the movement? 
This is a welcome—but temporary—victory. Make no mistake: These threats will continue. Congress must pass new federal laws that protect access to reproductive care from right-wing ideologues.  
Big internet service providers have excluded millions of families from fast, reliable internet access in order to maximize their profits. I've got a plan to fix that. 
Health care is a basic human right, and we fight for basic human rights. I'm proud to be fighting alongside my friend for  
 Grateful down to my toes for your support, Alyssa. We’re gonna do this—together.
Here’s the idea: My  is a two cent tax on the 75,000 biggest fortunes in the country. So. What can we do with those two cents? Here are just a few things. 
We have to protect our public lands for future generations. That’s why, on my first day as president, I'll sign an executive order that sets a total moratorium on all new fossil fuel leases, including for drilling offshore and on public lands. 
You might’ve heard, but I’ve got a plan for that… 
Trans and non-binary people shouldn't have to face invasive and dehumanizing screenings to travel. We must do better—and I’ll keep working to ensure that every trans and non-binary American is able to live without fear or discrimination. 
I can’t do this alone.Person by person, we’re building a grassroots movement together. Can I count on you to chip in $3 or whatever you can to help keep up the momentum? 
On  we celebrate the progress we've made for women's rights, and acknowledge how much further we have to go.  time to pass the Equal Rights Amendment.
Thank you to everyone who got out there and knocked doors for our  This is how we’re going to win this fight—together. 
Happy  to our very good boy, Bailey! 
We need a constitutional amendment to guarantee the right to vote—and we need to take action now to put a stop to racist voter suppression. I’ve got a plan for that. 
The 19th Amendment enshrined a woman's right to vote in the Constitution, but the right to vote for women of color wasn't protected until the Voting Rights Act in 1965. In 2013 the Supreme Court gutted the VRA, and voter suppression is on the rise. 
 I can’t wait to meet her and hear all about her plans! Thank you for being in this fight.
 Let’s win!
I stand with all the members who are making their voices heard. must respect workers' rights to join a union and bargain collectively, and they should come to the negotiating table in good faith. 
As part of my plan to combat the opioid crisis, I'll invest $100 billion for prevention, treatment, and recovery services in the states and communities on the front lines of this crisis. It's time to treat this epidemic like the public health crisis it is. 
Under my Corporate Executive Accountability Act, executives of major companies that knowingly hurt people through criminal negligence—such as fueling the opioid crisis—will face real criminal penalties for their actions. 
It's encouraging to see held responsible for their role in fueling the opioid crisis, but this penalty is much smaller than the harm they've done—or the money they made. We need more accountability, and more resources to fight this crisis. 
I don’t want a government that works for giant corporations. I want one that works for our families.
I never get tired of these! 
The 1994 crime bill exacerbated incarceration rates in this country, punishing people more severely for even minor infractions, and limiting discretion in our judicial system. That "tough on crime" approach was wrong and it needs to be repealed. Sign up if you’re with me.
The “War on Drugs” theory of crime has criminalized addiction and ripped apart families — and largely failed to reduce drug use. We need to decriminalize marijuana and erase past convictions. Sign up now if you’re with me.
The 1994 crime bill’s mandatory minimums and “truth-in-sentencing” provisions that require offenders to serve the vast majority of their sentences have not proven effective. If you agree that it’s time to end mandatory minimums, sign up now.
 I love this! But did Spencer ever get to finish the last chapter,
Whenever I meet a little girl, I tell them "I'm running for president because that's what girls do." Then we pinky promise that they'll remember. I want every girl to know that when they fight from the heart, they can win.  
Good luck to all the college students heading back to class this week. You’ve got this! Know I’m fighting for you all the way—from canceling student loan debt to making public college and technical schools free. (PS: Yep, that’s me as a college freshman in a dress I made myself). 
Thank you, Seattle! I’m grateful for all of the hugs and photos, and a great conversation about how we’re going to make our government work for the people. 
Smiling ear to ear! 
Can’t wait for the Season 5 premiere of tonight (Bruce and I still can't believe there won't be a Season 6). And congrats on your marriage!
In just a few moments, we’ll be live from our Seattle town hall! Tune in to join us. 
 We sent Atticus out into our Los Angeles Town Hall to ask supporters why they’re ready to vote for his Gammy, htt…
Donald Trump is a walking, talking conflict of interest. No president should be allowed to push the rules of our government to benefit their personal bottom line. My anti-corruption bill—the biggest since Watergate—tackles this kind of corruption head on. 
Art Ramalho was an icon, not just in the boxing world, but in the fight for change. It was an honor to work with him during our 2012 campaign. He taught me how to be a fighter. Thinking about him and his loved ones today.
Two years ago the Burmese military began a campaign that killed thousands of Rohingya and forced over 700,000 people to flee their homes. Today and every day we must stand up for the Rohingya, for reconciliation and  accountability in Burma, and for human rights around the world.
A lot of giant companies refer to themselves as “American.” But let’s face it, they only have one real loyalty: Their shareholders. A Warren administration will halt the hollowing out of American cities and create good American jobs. Here’s how. 
It's going to take big ideas and bold, structural changes to achieve the goals of the  Climate change is an existential threat to all of us—and we need to act now. 
Every American deserves a safe, decent, and affordable place to live—in Iowa and across the country. It's going to take big, structural change to tackle this crisis, and I've got a plan for that:  
 So good to see you, Randi—we’ll get a real selfie next time!
Great job, Atticus! 
Right now in America, working people are getting squeezed. Wages have barely budged for a generation, but the cost of housing, health care, and education is rising. It's time to level the playing field. I’m running for president to make our government work for the people again.
My plan for immigration reform will end unnecessary detention—but I’ll also enforce strict standards for medical care for anyone in our custody. The government has a basic responsibility to keep the people in its care safe and healthy. 
At least three children held in U.S. custody have already died of the flu. This is cruel and inhumane—and it will lead to more preventable deaths. 
Climate change is an existential crisis that threatens all of us—and we need to take bold action now to stop it before it's too late. That's why we need to have a 
Donald Trump has no strategy or plan. His reckless actions drove his own companies into bankruptcy—now they threaten the global economy and increase the risk of a recession that will hit working families hardest. 
I believe down to my bones that we can make our government work for the people. It’s the fight of our lives—but I’m not afraid, because we’re in it together. 
There was a lot of energy at our town hall in Los Angeles on Wednesday. Day by day, community by community, we’re building a movement together. 
 Right on, I’m with you for fighting for their union and their contract. They are workers too!  The…
 Great meeting you, Sarah! Thanks for being in this fight.
Yup. The time for small ideas is over. We’ve got to be the party of big, structural change. 
“Student loan debt.”That’s an answer I get a lot when I’m talking to voters about why they’re in this fight with me. If we turn my plan to cancel student debt and make public college free into action, we can free an entire generation of Americans. 
 We can’t make big, structural change unless we elect Democratic women up and down the ticket and across the country. I’m proud to support you and all the women like you who have stepped up to put their names on a ballot!
The  is still burning, with thousands of acres of wildlife in flames. World leaders must come together to end this crisis—and President Bolsonaro must step up and take responsibility for these fires and their consequences.
We have a moral responsibility to protect our planet. My Green Manufacturing Plan invests $2 trillion over the next ten years in green research, manufacturing, and exporting. It will link American innovation directly to American jobs, and help us reach a  
Every single day of this campaign matters. As Democrats, we have to be willing to get out there and fight for our country. No more defense—we need to play offense and be the party of big, structural change.
Black women are more likely to be breadwinners for their families, yet they’re paid less on average. That’s just wrong. We have a lot of work to do to close that pay gap—and I’m in this fight all the way. 
It should be quick and easy for anyone to join a union, including graduate student workers. I stand with student workers at and at universities across the country who want to unionize. Their voices must be heard.
My granddaughter Lavinia helped me welcome the crowd last night at our Los Angeles town hall. I love being her Gammy and sharing this fight with my family. 
Every kid should know that when they fight from the heart, they can win—and that includes running for president. And we pinky promise so they won’t forget. 
We need to do everything we can to support “gig economy” workers. It’s time for all Democrats to support AB 5 and back full employee status for gig workers. 
It was great meeting your family, Julia! I’m so glad to have you (and your munchkin) in this fight for big structural change. 
Yay! Thank you Los Angeles, and thank you Laura and Kelly! 
Climate change is an existential crisis we all face—and it’s going to take big, structural change to solve it. I can’t wait to talk about my plans to protect our planet and tackle climate change at the Climate Crisis Town Hall next month! 
 I loved her cardigan! Thank you both for coming out last night, it was wonderful to meet you.
Surprise, surprise. Donald Trump and his administration are rolling back regulations for their Wall Street big bank buddies. The rich and powerful are tilting the rules to work in their favor, putting everyone else at risk.That ends when I’m president.
For decades, the government has helped perpetuate the systemic discrimination that has denied women of color equal opportunities. It’s time for us to right those wrongs—and boost our economy in the process.  
Our punitive system does little to keep us safer—and it is separating families and devastating entire communities. If we want real justice in this country, we have to make big, structural changes to reform the criminal justice system. 
For the exact same crimes, Black Americans are more likely than whites to be arrested, charged, wrongfully convicted, and given harsher sentences. The evidence is clear that there are structural race problems in the criminal justice system.  
I hope to see you there! Chip in any amount to our 100% grassroots-funded campaign, and you’ll be automatically entered to win.  
America’s public lands are our greatest treasures. But the Trump administration is selling them off to oil and gas companies for pennies on the dollar. It doesn’t have to be this way—and I have a plan to clean up their mess:  
Trans immigrants like Zuleika—and other vulnerable asylum seekers—face unimaginable risks while the Trump administration forces them to wait in Mexico. My immigration plan ensures they'll be safely and humanely welcomed at ports of entry. 
Feeling inspired after our Los Angeles town hall tonight, and especially loved having my family there with me. Let’s dream big, fight hard, and win. Thank you, California! 
Everyone gets a photo! 
Thank you for fighting every day to make sure that climate change remains a primary focus of this election. Climate change is real and it's a crisis—and I will keep fighting alongside you to take bold action before it is too late.
Woo-hoo! In just a few minutes, we’re going live at our Los Angeles town hall. Be sure to tune in: 
 Thank you so much for visiting our headquarters. I’m in this fight for you and your family.
It was the hottest July on record. Our glaciers are melting at a record pace. And now the  is burning at record speed.Make no mistake: This affects all of us. We must take bold action to stop climate change—now. 
 I’m flattered, Gabe. Dementors or big bank CEOs, I’m ready to take ‘em on—let’s do this!
Our criminal justice system is stacked against Tera’s family. She worries her brothers won’t be able to break the cycle of incarceration. We must end cash bail, invest in public defenders and mental health treatment, and help formerly incarcerated people succeed. 
What a sweetie. I’m glad to meet with any future voter, Brian! 
Looking forward to our Los Angeles town hall later this evening! I hope you’ll tune in at 6:00 PM PT to join us live:  
Unions built the middle class, and unions will rebuild the middle class. Thank you for having me today. I’m proud to stand with America’s workers. 
 Rain or shine, we persist! I’m so grateful for your support.
 Robert and James, I’m so grateful that you’re getting in this fight with me. Let’s dream big, fight hard, and win!
The Flores agreement mandates that migrant children cannot be held in detention for more than 20 days. Today, the Trump administration announced its plans to roll back Flores—putting thousands of children in danger. We must fight this. 
I've argued for years that corporate capture of the federal courts is a serious problem. It's getting worse. The next president must address it—and that starts by committing to dramatically increase the professional diversity of the federal bench. 
Tonight’s town hall in Los Angeles will be a lot of fun—and the good news is that anyone can join. Bookmark this link, then tune in at 6:00 PM PT to join us live! 
The Bailey bandana is my favorite!  
I love it! 
It would've been even better if she’d brought her own Bailey! 
Donald Trump and his team have hurt the economy, and now they can't get their stories straight on half-baked ideas to clean up the mess they caused. If they want an actual plan for how to avert another economic downturn, they should read mine.  
 “We have criminalized too many things,” wrote. “We send too many people to jail. We keep them there for too long.…
 We are honored is here to learn about Better Futures Minnesota and talk about criminal justice reform! 
The period after release from prison is challenging. I was honored to talk to about my plan to reform our criminal justice system and learn about the important work they do to help returning citizens with re-entry. 
 Happy birthday, Lisa! Let’s dream big and fight hard together so that your birthday wish comes true.
 Persist,
 I’m grateful that Brittany and Nikki came to our St. Paul town hall!
I oppose the death penalty. A Warren administration would reverse Trump’s decision to move forward with federal executions, and Congress should abolish the death penalty entirely. If you agree, sign up now.
The 1994 crime bill’s mandatory minimums and “truth-in-sentencing” provisions that require offenders to serve the vast majority of their sentences have not proven effective. If you agree that it’s time to end mandatory minimums, sign up now.
Policies like stop-and-frisk and “broken windows” policing have trampled the constitutional rights of countless Americans — particularly those from Black and brown communities — without any measurable impact on violent crime. If you want to end stop-and-frisk, sign up now.
Our justice system forces its citizens to choose either to submit to the charges brought against them or be penalized for wanting to fight those charges. Jailing someone who can’t afford to pay bail is not only cruel — it’s ineffective. If you agree, sign up now.
The “War on Drugs” theory of crime has criminalized addiction and ripped apart families — and largely failed to reduce drug use. We need to decriminalize marijuana and erase past convictions. Sign up now if you’re with me.
The 1994 crime bill exacerbated incarceration rates in this country, punishing people more severely for even minor infractions, and limiting discretion in our judicial system. That "tough on crime" approach was wrong and it needs to be repealed. Sign up if you’re with me.
Under my new plan, we will reduce incarceration and improve justice in our country by changing what we choose to criminalize, reforming police behavior and improving police-community relations, and making structural changes in our justice system. Sign up if you’re with me.
I oppose the death penalty. A Warren administration would reverse Trump’s decision to move forward with federal executions, and Congress should abolish the death penalty entirely. If you agree, sign up now.
The 1994 crime bill’s mandatory minimums and “truth-in-sentencing” provisions that require offenders to serve the vast majority of their sentences have not proven effective. If you agree that it’s time to end mandatory minimums, sign up now.
Policies like stop-and-frisk and “broken windows” policing have trampled the constitutional rights of countless Americans — particularly those from Black and brown communities — without any measurable impact on violent crime. If you want to end stop-and-frisk, sign up now.
Our justice system forces its citizens to choose either to submit to the charges brought against them or be penalized for wanting to fight those charges. Jailing someone who can’t afford to pay bail is not only cruel — it’s ineffective. If you agree, sign up now.
The “War on Drugs” theory of crime has criminalized addiction and ripped apart families — and largely failed to reduce drug use. We need to decriminalize marijuana and erase past convictions. Sign up now if you’re with me.
The 1994 crime bill exacerbated incarceration rates in this country, punishing people more severely for even minor infractions, and limiting discretion in our judicial system. That "tough on crime" approach was wrong and it needs to be repealed. Sign up if you’re with me.
Under my new plan, we will reduce incarceration and improve justice in our country by changing what we choose to criminalize, reforming police behavior and improving police-community relations, and making structural changes in our justice system. Sign up if you’re with me.
Notes from last night’s town hall! Can’t wait to read them. 
Thanks for chatting with me, Ruth! I’m ready to work hard for the people of Minnesota. 
I promised Willa’s dad: We’re going to fight for an America where every kid has a chance to succeed. 
 I loved meeting you and your whole family, Andrew! Can’t wait to see Cora run for president one day.
Let’s hear it for Minnesota! I’m thankful for everyone who came out to our St. Paul town hall last night. We had a lot of fun—and took a lot of photos. 
 Hope you had a great birthday, Kevin!
 I’m glad to have met you, Bryce! I am so grateful to be in this fight alongside you.
 Great meeting you both! Thank you for fighting to hold Big Ag accountable.
  is in conversation about her criminal justice reform plan to redefine safety with Kevin Reese of
Yes we do. Proud to fight alongside every day. 
We need to repeal the 1994 crime bill. It was a mistake, and the bulk of it needs to go.  
The United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world. Our policies are tearing families apart and devastating communities—and they aren't making us safer. I've got a plan to completely reform the criminal justice system from front to back. 
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see Elizabeth at the third Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see Elizabeth at the third Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see Elizabeth at the third Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
If the Trump administration gets its way on this, employers could legally fire trans Americans just for being themselves. This is discrimination, plain and simple, and we’re going to fight it with everything we’ve got. 
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see Elizabeth at the third Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see Elizabeth at the third Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see Elizabeth at the third Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see Elizabeth at the third Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see Elizabeth at the third Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see Elizabeth at the third Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see Elizabeth at the third Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see Elizabeth at the third Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to see Elizabeth at the third Democratic presidential primary debate in Houston. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
Washington is failing Native communities, and it's time to fulfill our obligations to Tribal Nations. Deeply grateful for the opportunity to speak at  yesterday. 
 Great meeting you and your sister, Rachel. Persist!
 Looking great!
I stand with Trump administration’s gag rule is a deliberate attempt to keep providers like Planned Parenthood from serving patients—and an attack on women with low incomes who depend on them to get the care they need. We’ll fight this. 
Our system is the result of choices we’ve made—choices that together stack the deck against the poor and the disadvantaged. We can create real law and order and real justice in our country by making long overdue big, structural change.
The majority of people in prison will be returned to their communities. We should ensure that returning citizens have a chance to succeed, by reducing discrimination and promoting opportunity during reentry and eliminating needlessly punitive parole requirements.
As we fight to end mass incarceration, we need to ensure humane conditions for those who are imprisoned. That means meeting basic human rights standards, protecting vulnerable populations, investing in rehabilitation programs, and expanding mental health and addiction treatment.
The president can grant clemency and pardons herself. I'll empower a clemency board to make recommendations directly to the White House, identifying broad classes of potentially-deserving individuals for review, such as those serving mandatory minimums that should be abolished.
Our criminal system places enormous power in the hands of the state, and we need better checks in place to ensure that it's just: by investing in our public defenders, reining in prosecutorial abuses, and allowing those wrongfully imprisoned to challenge their conviction.
Officers who violate someone's constitutional rights are often shielded from civil rights lawsuits by qualified immunity. That’s wrong—and needs to change. When an officer abuses the law, that’s bad for law enforcement, victims, and communities.
Most police officers sign up so they can protect their communities. But too many people of color have experienced trauma at the hands of law enforcement. It’s time to change how we police: funding what works, and building trust between police and the communities they serve.
We also have to stop criminalizing poverty. As president, I will fight to end cash bail and limit excessive fines and fees. There’s no justice in imposing high, punitive financial burdens on those who are least able to bear them.
Next, we have to rethink what we choose to criminalize. That starts with repealing the 1994 crime bill—the bulk of which needs to go—and legalizing marijuana. Overcriminalization has filled prisons and devastated communities—and it's time for it to end.
Investing in public safety should mean investing in good schools, safe housing, access to mental health services and treatment for addiction, protecting LGBTQ+ Americans, and violence intervention programs diverting young people from criminal activity—before police are involved.
Let's start by reimagining how we talk about public safety. It's a false choice to suggest a tradeoff between safety and mass incarceration. Instead of putting people in prison, we should focus on services that lift people up and make our communities safer.
The U.S. makes up 5% of the world's population, but nearly 20% of the world's prison population. And the evidence is clear that there are structural race problems in our criminal justice system. At every level, the system disadvantages or discriminates against people of color.
The United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world—yet our harshly punitive system isn’t making our communities safer. I've got a plan to make big, structural changes at every step of the criminal justice system: 
Here’s the bottom line: If Dimon and the Business Roundtable are serious about their statement, we need to see real action. They can start by empowering workers and supporting my Accountable Capitalism plan. 
Another question: Dimon and the Business Roundtable have been busy lobbying for NAFTA 2.0. Will they change their tune now and back American workers and unions who are fighting for a better agreement? 
Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase, leads the group that put out yesterday's statement. Will he put his money where his mouth is and actually raise pay for workers instead of spending billions on stock buybacks for shareholders? 
A year ago, I called out CEOs and the Business Roundtable for their single-minded focus on maximizing shareholder value at the expense of workers. Looks like they finally got the memo. But without real action, their announcement is meaningless. 
Thank you to everyone who came out to our St. Paul town hall this evening! Minnesota is ready to fight for big, structural change. 
Today at the  presidential forum, and I talked about our new proposal: The Honoring Promises to Native Nations Act. Our federal government owes Native communities a fighting chance to build stronger communities and brighter futures. 
 Minnesota is fired-up for 
Where our country spends its money tells you about our values. That’s why full funding for tribal infrastructure, education, and health care is at the heart of my ideas for Indian Country.  
A problem not seen is a problem not fixed. We must raise awareness and tackle the ongoing epidemic of missing and murdered indigenous women. My administration will launch an unprecedented initiative to collect data, empower Tribal Nations, and address this crisis. 
Proud to fight alongside you, 
Our federal government must recognize its ongoing failure to honor its trust and treaty obligations to Tribal Nations. Proud to work alongside on a proposal to uphold the federal government’s promises to Tribal Nations and empower Native communities. 
I've got a plan to make sure that no president is above the law: Pass a law clarifying Congress’s intent that the Department of Justice can indict the President of the United States. If you agree, add your name now.
I've got a plan to make sure that no president is above the law: Pass a law clarifying Congress’s intent that the Department of Justice can indict the President of the United States. If you agree, sign our petition now.
I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to participate in  forum this morning. It’s time for Tribal Nations to have the resources they need to see the prosperity they deserve. 
Glad to see some justice for Eric Garner and his family. But Daniel Pantaleo should have been fired a long time ago. And our criminal justice system needs big, structural change. 
 Sen. Elizabeth Warren at the Frank LaMere Native American Presidential Forum   
We’re going to cover the walls of Warren HQ with the names of supporters who make this grassroots movement possible. Our new Grassroots Donor Wall will be a constant reminder of what—and who—our campaign is fighting for. Chip in to add your name to our Grassroots Donor Wall.
We’re going to cover the walls of Warren HQ with the names of supporters who make this grassroots movement possible. Our new Grassroots Donor Wall will be a constant reminder of what—and who—our campaign is fighting for. Chip in to add your name to our Grassroots Donor Wall.
We’re going to cover the walls of Warren HQ with the names of supporters who make this grassroots movement possible. Our new Grassroots Donor Wall will be a constant reminder of what—and who—our campaign is fighting for. Chip in to add your name to our Grassroots Donor Wall.
I met with Frank LaMere's family before today’s Native American Presidential Forum. I first met Frank when I launched my campaign, and I'm proud to talk today about how we can carry on his legacy by strengthening the relationship between the federal government and Tribal Nations. 
We’re going to cover the walls of Warren HQ with the names of supporters who make this grassroots movement possible. Our new Grassroots Donor Wall will be a constant reminder of what—and who—our campaign is fighting for. Chip in to add your name to our Grassroots Donor Wall.
We’re going to cover the walls of Warren HQ with the names of supporters who make this grassroots movement possible. Our new Grassroots Donor Wall will be a constant reminder of what—and who—our campaign is fighting for. Chip in to add your name to our Grassroots Donor Wall.
 Warren: “ Voter suppression is democracy suppression and it must stop” offers support for satellite voting offices. ht…
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
I love calling grassroots supporters to thank them for chipping in to my campaign. Will you chip in $3 or whatever you can? I just might call you to say thanks. 
The CFPB student loan ombudsman is supposed to protect students from getting cheated. But the Trump administration’s pick for the job is an executive at a student loan servicer that got over 9,000 complaints from borrowers. In my administration, the CFPB will work for the people. 
Let’s hear it for America’s public school teachers! 
These guys are looking good in Columbia, SC. 
 Congratulations on your final treatment, Claire. Your strength inspires me. Persist!
Yesterday, I talked with about how the Black maternal mortality crisis is threatening the lives of Black women. I’m way past “Let’s raise awareness about this problem.” We have to do something about it. 
I took on giant banks, and I beat them.I took on Wall Street C.E.O.s, and I beat them.I took on a popular Republican incumbent senator, and I beat him.When we fight, we win—and I’m not afraid of a fight.
Woo-hoo! See you in September, 
This is wonderful. Thank you so much, 
Ayanna and I are running for president, because that’s what girls do. 
When workers fight, workers win. I’m behind all the way. 
Thank you Aiken, South Carolina! I’m ready to fight alongside you until every family in this country has the opportunity to succeed. 
My plans aren’t just lists of policy ideas—they’re a statement of my values. Thank you to for inviting me to talk about how we can make big, structural change together. 
 “Every single one of us has the Lord inside of us ; the Lord calls us to act.” - Sen.  
The Line 3 pipeline would threaten Minnesota’s public waters, lands, and agricultural areas important to several Tribal Nations. I’m with and Minnesota organizers fighting to  and protect our environment.
We're having these important conversations everywhere—in parks, in grocery stores, on farms and at the corner store! And now we're making sure you can organize everywhere, too. I hope you'll sign up for this training and join us on Reach! 
 Today released an extremely comprehensive plan for honoring and empowering indigenous people ; tribal nations.T…
Wells Fargo forced Xavier to close out his accounts, yet he was still hit with over $1,000 worth of overdraft fees. It’s not right. I’ve been fighting for years to hold Wells Fargo accountable, and I’m not going to stop until they clean up their act. 
I'm speaking live at now about the big, structural change we're fighting for. Tune in! 
It’s an honor to fight alongside and to end gun violence. 
With a North Country view like this, you’d move fast too. 
We’re in this fight together—for our children, for our communities, and for our future. 
Since an extreme Ohio law eliminating funding for went into effect, the system has struggled to keep up, putting women’s health at risk.This is what’s at stake across the country. A Warren administration will protect women’s health.
  went to  last month to talk about the big, structural change that Elizabeth is fighting for.…
 You’ve got this. Good luck!
I’m proud to team up with on our new bill to uphold our responsibilities to Tribal Nations and indigenous peoples and provide them with predictable, guaranteed funding. 
Proud to fight alongside every day. 
We must stand united with Tribal Nations and indigenous peoples to ensure that Native voices are heard and their rights are respected. With real structural change, we can write a new story. 
 Thank you, It’s an honor to fight alongside you.
Washington owes Native communities a fighting chance to build stronger communities and a brighter future. I have put forward a set of proposals to recommit our government to its promises to Tribal Nations indigenous peoples. I hope you’ll read my whole proposal here.
To everyone who gives me letters at town halls: Thank you! These came from the people of Nevada after our Henderson town hall. I love reading about what gets you in this fight—we’re in it together. 
I got a lot of letters to read at our first-ever town hall in Arizona. Your stories inspire me to keep fighting. And yes, Casey: I’ll give Bailey an extra pet for you! 
I’ve fought for a brighter future for Tribal Nations during my time in the Senate and I’m proud to work with on our new bill in Congress. And when we win the White House, I’ll be committed to achieving that future as President of the United States.
Right-wing courts have ruled that religious freedom laws allow corporations to deny employees birth control, but don’t protect tribes that object to dumping sewage water on sacred sites. Absurd. Congress should pass a new law protecting tribal religious interests in sacred sites.
When tribal concerns have conflicted with corporate profits or resource extraction, tribes lose. This has to change. When I’m president, energy projects that impact Indian Country won’t proceed without consent. That means revoking Trump’s KeystoneXL and DAPL permits.
In 2013, the Violence Against Women Act crucially recognized some criminal jurisdiction by Tribal Nations, and I support reauthorizing and building on it. But we need to go further and I support a full Oliphant fix.
Washington has refused to fully respect tribal sovereignty in criminal justice matters. This has deprived countless crime victims the opportunity to get justice. And it has fed the ongoing epidemic of missing and murdered indigenous women. This must change. 
Funding critical programs for Indian Country isn't optional. It's required to fulfill the United States’ trust and treaty obligations. So and I have teamed up on writing a bill to ensure predictable, guaranteed funding to Tribal Nations and indigenous peoples.
Washington is failing Native communities, and it's time to fulfill our obligations to Tribal Nations. Today I’m announcing ideas to ensure that tribal sovereignty and our trust and treaty obligations are binding legal and moral principles—not just slogans. 
Last month, the FTC tweeted and advertised that the nearly 150 million Americans who had their data exposed in the breach were eligible for $125 each in compensation.Now they’re saying, “Just kidding!” I’m demanding answers. 
My heart breaks for Tracy Single and her loved ones. This is an escalating crisis—and we need to treat it like one. 
 Thank you for standing up for rideshare workers.  It’s time for California to pass AB5 and stop exploiting ri…
Our Grassroots Donor Wall is almost done! Every sticker has the names of Americans who’ve chipped in to help build our movement. I’m proud of this 100% grassroots-funded campaign! There’s still time for your name to be included—will you donate $3 now?  
Eight towns, four days, one RV—and lots of terrific people and delicious food at the Iowans are fired up to make real change in 2020, and it inspires me down to my bones. Here’s a behind-the-scenes look at our week in Iowa. 
At our Wolfeboro house party last night, I listened to grassroots supporters explain why they’re in this fight.One thing’s clear: People are determined to win in 2020 and make our government work for the people! 
I love the North Country! Grateful to everyone who came out to our Franconia town hall yesterday. From ending the opioid epidemic to leveling the playing field for rural workers, I’m in this fight for the people of New Hampshire. 
Heartsick to hear that anti-LGBTQ+ violence increased during Pride Month. Hate and homophobia should have no place here in America. Now is the time to get in this fight for a country where LGBTQ+ Americans can live without fear.
The gap between white and Black homeownership rates today is about 30% — bigger than it was in 1960 when housing discrimination was legal. This enormous gap is a moral stain on our country, and my housing plan tackles it head on.
The black homeownership rate today is nearly the same as it was when housing discrimination was legal. We need to fight for Black families and tackle this housing crisis head on — and that’s what my housing plan for America does.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
Under a Warren administration, I will take executive action to ensure fair pay and benefits for all workers. Federal contractors will be required to extend a $15 minimum wage and benefits to all employees.
I have a new plan: a set of executive actions I will take on day one of the Warren administration to boost wages for women of color and open up new pathways to the leadership positions they deserve.
 You bet I do. Here it is: 
 I’m humbled and grateful for your support, Welcome to
The gap between white and Black homeownership rates today is about 30% — bigger than it was in 1960 when housing discrimination was legal. This enormous gap is a moral stain on our country, and my housing plan tackles it head on.
The black homeownership rate today is nearly the same as it was when housing discrimination was legal. We need to fight for Black families and tackle this housing crisis head on — and that’s what my housing plan for America does.
Under a Warren administration, I will take executive action to ensure fair pay and benefits for all workers. Federal contractors will be required to extend a $15 minimum wage and benefits to all employees.
I have a new plan: a set of executive actions I will take on day one of the Warren administration to boost wages for women of color and open up new pathways to the leadership positions they deserve.
This is a crucial moment in the fight for workers in this country, and it’s time for us to show whose side we’re on. All Democrats need to stand up and say—without dodging or weaving—we support AB 5 and back full employee status for gig workers. 
The black homeownership rate today is nearly the same as it was when housing discrimination was legal. We need to fight for Black families and tackle this housing crisis head on — and that’s what my housing plan for America does. 
 It was great meeting you, Tracy. Thank you for being in this fight!
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
First Disney acquired 21st Century Fox.Now CBS and Viacom are merging. Consolidation raises serious concerns for consumers, employees, and the entire sector. The Department of Justice should be paying close attention. 
It was inspiring to see commitment to bettering our country during his campaign. I’m looking forward to fighting alongside him as we work to elect Democrats up and down the ballot in 2020. 
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
We’re going to cover the walls of Warren HQ with the names of supporters who make this grassroots movement possible. Our new Grassroots Donor Wall will be a constant reminder of what—and who—our campaign is fighting for. Chip in to add your name to our Grassroots Donor Wall.
We’re going to cover the walls of Warren HQ with the names of supporters who make this grassroots movement possible. Our new Grassroots Donor Wall will be a constant reminder of what—and who—our campaign is fighting for. Chip in to add your name to our Grassroots Donor Wall.
We’re going to cover the walls of Warren HQ with the names of supporters who make this grassroots movement possible. Our new Grassroots Donor Wall will be a constant reminder of what—and who—our campaign is fighting for. Chip in to add your name to our Grassroots Donor Wall.
We’re going to cover the walls of Warren HQ with the names of supporters who make this grassroots movement possible. Our new Grassroots Donor Wall will be a constant reminder of what—and who—our campaign is fighting for. Chip in to add your name to our Grassroots Donor Wall.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire TaxProvide universal child care and pre-KCancel student debt for 42 mil AmericansBreak up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
Activists, organizers, and community leaders are fighting tirelessly to end gun violence in their communities. We need to build on that momentum to tackle this epidemic head on. From executive action to comprehensive legislation to ending the filibuster—I've got a plan for that. 
Israel doesn't advance its case as a tolerant democracy or unwavering US ally by barring elected members of Congress from visiting because of their political views. This would be a shameful, unprecedented move. I urge Israel’s government to allow and entry.
I'm heartsick for the Philadelphia officers and their loved ones, and grateful for the brave first responders helping people get to safety.We don't have to live like this. We must pass gun reform laws to end the gun violence epidemic—now. 
The warning signs for another recession are flashing. We need to pay attention and act now, while we still have time to avert a downturn. I'm calling on Congress and regulators to take action before families lose big—again. 
I stand with airport catering workers at and across the country who are fighting for a living wage. When workers fight, workers win—and we won’t stop making our voices heard until  is enough.
Steve King must resign. His latest comment is a disgusting attack on victims of sexual assault. The people of  deserve better. We must work together to elect in 2020. 
Thank you to the Party for coming by our campaign headquarters yesterday! I was proud to partner with you to fight for the and I'm proud to keep fighting alongside you for big structural change in 2020! 
For decades, Washington has done the bidding of giant multinational corporations that have no loyalty to American workers like Kim and Bella. They deserve a government that’s on their side.As president, I’ll use every tool available to defend and create American jobs. 
The Trump administration is making it easier to remove protections for endangered species. We have a moral responsibility to protect these vulnerable species and our environment. My administration will undo this disastrous move. 
My plan for a new farm economy tackles this ugly history and levels the playing field for farmers of color. As president, I’ll end the policies that have perpetuated this dispossession and strengthen oversight of USDA to root out discrimination for good. 
Farmers of color have experienced a long history of discrimination. From 1910 to 1997, Black farmers were stripped of 90% of their land—a staggering loss and a major contribution to the racial wealth gap. 
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
One way we can break the NRA’s stranglehold on Congress? Eliminate the filibuster. Our country should no longer be held hostage by a small group of well-financed extremists.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
"Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free."Our values are etched in stone on the Statue of Liberty. They will not be replaced. And I will fight for those values and for our immigrant communities. 
Student loan debt is crushing hardworking Americans like Danielle.That’s why I’m calling for something truly transformational: Universal free public college and cancelation of student loan debt for 95% of Americans who carry it. 
 Grateful for your support, Mike! We’re in this fight together.
Cherith is an Okie educator who teaches AP English Literature. She chipped in to my campaign because she’s in this fight with me to end gun violence, and to fix our broken education and immigration systems. I’m deeply grateful for your support, Cherith! 
Person by person, dollar by dollar, we can win with a 100% grassroots movement: No federal lobbyists, no fundraisers with mega-donors, no money from PACs of any kind.Will you chip in now to keep up the momentum? 
Everyone should be able to access high-quality, affordable, gender-affirming health care. But the Trump administration is trying to roll back important protections for trans Americans. Help fight back by leaving a comment for HHS in protest: 
Strawberries are in season and my grandson’s in town—that means strawberry shortcake! 
The Walmart heirs make $4 million an hour.A new Walmart associate makes $11 an hour.My two-cent wealth tax on families like the Waltons would help level the playing field for working families and rebuild the middle class. 
 It was an honor to meet you, Chase! Keep dreaming big and fighting hard.
Got some lemonade at the 
This is a big win for and trans Americans across the country. When we fight, we win—and we won’t stop fighting until all trans people can live without fear or discrimination. 
Trump’s  policy makes it harder for immigrants who rely on government services to get permanent legal status. Families shouldn't be forced to choose between staying in our country ; having access to basic health care ; housing. As president, I'd overturn this rule. 
We’re going to win in 2020 by getting organized at the grassroots level—like at our house party in Des Moines on Sunday. Democracy starts in our backyards! 
After the Sandy Hook massacre, the American people rallied for reform. Six years later, Congress still hasn’t done a thing. In the last 20 years, the NRA has spent over $200 million on lobbying Congress. If you’re ready to end lobbying as we know it, sign up now.
After the Sandy Hook massacre, the American people rallied for reform. Six years later, Congress still hasn’t done a thing. In the last 20 years, the NRA has spent over $200 million on lobbying Congress. If you’re ready to end lobbying as we know it, sign up now.
After the Sandy Hook massacre, the American people rallied for reform. Six years later, Congress still hasn’t done a thing. In the last 20 years, the NRA has spent over $200 million on lobbying Congress. If you’re ready to end lobbying as we know it, sign up now.
Ready to talk with tomorrow about how we can rebuild the middle class and make our government work for the people. 
The people of Hong Kong are making clear that they will not tolerate repression, and their movement affirms: The power is with the people. They deserve our support and the support of the world. 
I’m grateful to be in this fight alongside you, We’re going to make our government responsive to the will of the people, not a handful of corrupt extremists. 
Two years ago, white supremacy left another ugly mark on our history in  We won't forget—and we'll continue to fight hate wherever it appears.
Making plans! 
I loved meeting Masada and her family! Motion sickness is no fun for anyone—mom or kid. It happens to the best of us. 
Bruce and I wish all Muslims celebrating  a good holiday. Eid Mubarak!
It was great meeting you, Ben! Thanks for being in this fight. 
Running for president—that’s what girls do! 
I had a terrific time at the yesterday! What happens in 2020 is going to determine the direction of our country for generations to come—and Iowa is right at the heart of it.  
When I’m president, I will send Congress comprehensive gun violence prevention legislation and sign it into law within my first 100 days. And we will revisit that legislation every single year based on new data to continually reduce the number of gun deaths in America. 
Over fifty years, comprehensive safety measures reduced per-mile driving deaths by almost 80% and prevented 3.5 million automobile deaths. We have to do the same for gun deaths—and I have a plan for that.
I was honored to join activists, organizers, and community leaders at today's  And I’m ready to fight alongside them for big, structural change to tackle our gun violence epidemic. Here’s how:  
 Hey there, 👋
Increasing taxes on gun manufacturers will reduce gun and ammunition sales and bring in new federal revenue that we can use for both gun violence prevention and enforcement of existing gun laws. Together, we can hold gun manufacturers accountable.
Thank you to everyone who came out to the Iowa State Fair to talk, share your concerns, and grab a selfie. I had a fantastic day! 
Fun night at the dinner! Grateful for the opportunity to talk about my plans to make our government work for the people of Iowa. 
It's past time to turn our heartbreak and anger into action. We need to take power from the NRA and corrupt lawmakers and return it to the people. 
Thank you, Together we can end the gun violence epidemic and make our country safer for everyone. 
 Elizabeth Warren has laid out her plan to address gun violence, with an ambitious goal for her presidency if she wins in 2020:…
Mass shootings capture our attention, but they’re just the tip of the iceberg of gun violence in America. Every day, we lose one hundred Americans to gun violence, with countless more injured and traumatized. My plan makes big changes to address all kinds of gun violence. 
A Warren administration will make gun safety a priority and that starts with reversing Trump’s efforts to make our country less safe. We will rescind the Trump-era rules and policies that weaken our gun safety regime. If you’re with me, sign up now.
A Warren administration will make gun safety a priority and that starts with reversing Trump’s efforts to make our country less safe. We will rescind the Trump-era rules and policies that weaken our gun safety regime. If you’re with me, sign up now.
A Warren administration will make gun safety a priority and that starts with reversing Trump’s efforts to make our country less safe. We will rescind the Trump-era rules and policies that weaken our gun safety regime. If you’re with me, sign up now.
We will prohibit anyone convicted of a hate crime from owning a gun. Instead of a president who winks and nods as white nationalism gets stronger in this country, we need a president who will use all the tools available to prevent it.
Congress should again ban the future production, sale, and importation of military-style assault weapons. We also need a federal ban on large-capacity magazines for all firearms.
If a license is required to drive a car, it should be required to own a gun. Congress should establish a similar system for the purchase of any type of firearm or ammunition.
A Warren administration will make gun safety a priority and that starts with reversing Trump’s efforts to make our country less safe. We will rescind the Trump-era rules and policies that weaken our gun safety regime.
The NRA spends millions poisoning our political discourse with hateful, conspiracy-fueled propaganda. From the White House, I’ll make sure that the NRA and their cronies are held accountable with executive action.
As president, I will immediately take executive action to rein in an out-of-control gun industry. I will act to require background checks for the vast majority of private gun sales, and Congress should permanently require universal background checks.
The next president has a moral obligation to use whatever executive authority she has to address the gun crisis. We will require background checks for the majority of private gun sales, reporting on bulk purchases, and raise the minimum age to buy a gun.
In 2017, almost 40,000 people died from guns in the United States. As President, I will immediately take executive action to rein in an out-of-control gun industry and send Congress comprehensive gun violence prevention legislation.
We will prohibit anyone convicted of a hate crime from owning a gun. Instead of a president who winks and nods as white nationalism gets stronger in this country, we need a president who will use all the tools available to prevent it. If you’re with me, sign up.
We will prohibit anyone convicted of a hate crime from owning a gun. Instead of a president who winks and nods as white nationalism gets stronger in this country, we need a president who will use all the tools available to prevent it. If you’re with me, sign up.
We will prohibit anyone convicted of a hate crime from owning a gun. Instead of a president who winks and nods as white nationalism gets stronger in this country, we need a president who will use all the tools available to prevent it. If you’re with me, sign up.
Congress should again ban the future production, sale, and importation of military-style assault weapons. We also need a federal ban on large-capacity magazines for all firearms. If you’re ready to fight for a new federal assault weapons ban, sign up.
Congress should again ban the future production, sale, and importation of military-style assault weapons. We also need a federal ban on large-capacity magazines for all firearms. If you’re ready to fight for a new federal assault weapons ban, sign up.
Congress should again ban the future production, sale, and importation of military-style assault weapons. We also need a federal ban on large-capacity magazines for all firearms. If you’re ready to fight for a new federal assault weapons ban, sign up.
If a license is required to drive a car, it should be required to own a gun. Congress should establish a similar system for the purchase of any type of firearm or ammunition. If you’re with me, sign up.
If a license is required to drive a car, it should be required to own a gun. Congress should establish a similar system for the purchase of any type of firearm or ammunition. If you’re with me, sign up.
If a license is required to drive a car, it should be required to own a gun. Congress should establish a similar system for the purchase of any type of firearm or ammunition. If you’re with me, sign up.
A Warren administration will make gun safety a priority and that starts with reversing Trump’s efforts to make our country less safe. We will rescind the Trump-era rules and policies that weaken our gun safety regime. If you’re with me, sign up now.
A Warren administration will make gun safety a priority and that starts with reversing Trump’s efforts to make our country less safe. We will rescind the Trump-era rules and policies that weaken our gun safety regime. If you’re with me, sign up now.
A Warren administration will make gun safety a priority and that starts with reversing Trump’s efforts to make our country less safe. We will rescind the Trump-era rules and policies that weaken our gun safety regime. If you’re with me, sign up now.
The NRA spends millions poisoning our political discourse with hateful, conspiracy-fueled propaganda. From the White House, I’ll make sure that the NRA and their cronies are held accountable with executive action. If you’re ready to fight the NRA, sign up.
In just a few minutes, I’ll be at the  talking about how we can address the gun violence epidemic head on. I hope you’ll tune in. 
The NRA spends millions poisoning our political discourse with hateful, conspiracy-fueled propaganda. From the White House, I’ll make sure that the NRA and their cronies are held accountable with executive action. If you’re ready to fight the NRA, sign up.
The NRA spends millions poisoning our political discourse with hateful, conspiracy-fueled propaganda. From the White House, I’ll make sure that the NRA and their cronies are held accountable with executive action. If you’re ready to fight the NRA, sign up.
As president, I will immediately take executive action to rein in an out-of-control gun industry. I will act to require background checks for the vast majority of private gun sales, and Congress should permanently require universal background checks. If you’re with me, sign up.
As president, I will immediately take executive action to rein in an out-of-control gun industry. I will act to require background checks for the vast majority of private gun sales, and Congress should permanently require universal background checks. If you’re with me, sign up.
As president, I will immediately take executive action to rein in an out-of-control gun industry. I will act to require background checks for the vast majority of private gun sales, and Congress should permanently require universal background checks. If you’re with me, sign up.
The next president has a moral obligation to use whatever executive authority she has to address the gun crisis. We will require background checks for the majority of private gun sales, reporting on bulk purchases, and raise the minimum age to buy a gun. Sign up if you agree.
The next president has a moral obligation to use whatever executive authority she has to address the gun crisis. We will require background checks for the majority of private gun sales, reporting on bulk purchases, and raise the minimum age to buy a gun. Sign up if you agree.
The next president has a moral obligation to use whatever executive authority she has to address the gun crisis. We will require background checks for the majority of private gun sales, reporting on bulk purchases, and raise the minimum age to buy a gun. Sign up if you agree.
In 2017, almost 40,000 people died from guns in the United States. As President, I will immediately take executive action to rein in an out-of-control gun industry and send Congress comprehensive gun violence prevention legislation. If you’re with me, sign up.
In 2017, almost 40,000 people died from guns in the United States. As President, I will immediately take executive action to rein in an out-of-control gun industry and send Congress comprehensive gun violence prevention legislation. If you’re with me, sign up.
In 2017, almost 40,000 people died from guns in the United States. As President, I will immediately take executive action to rein in an out-of-control gun industry and send Congress comprehensive gun violence prevention legislation. If you’re with me, sign up.
The dialogue about gun violence in America is shifting, thanks to the work of activists, organizers, community leaders, and survivors. It's time to turn our heartbreak and anger into action, and take power from the NRA and corrupt lawmakers and return it to the people.
And we'll revisit this legislation every year—adding new ideas and tweaking existing ones—to keep reducing the number of gun deaths in America. My budget will invest $100 million for DOJ and HHS to study gun violence, evaluate the reforms we pass, and suggest new ones.
We have to chart a new path, and that starts with investing in evidence-based community violence intervention designed to stop gun violence before it occurs. As president, I’ll establish a grant program to invest in and pilot intervention programs at scale.
Black and Latinx Americans have borne the brunt of the gun violence tragedy. But after being traumatized by gun violence, these communities have been doubly victimized by increased policing and strict sentencing laws.
In addition to ending the special legal immunity gun manufacturers have now, Congress should hold manufacturers strictly liable for gun-related injuries and give victims of gun violence a private right of action to recover compensatory damages from manufacturers.
This legislation will ensure that safe, responsible ownership is the standard for everyone who chooses to own a gun. We'll create a federal licensing system, require universal background checks, establish a real waiting period, and cap firearms purchases.
I will send Congress comprehensive gun violence prevention legislation and sign it into law within my first 100 days.
My administration will also protect survivors of domestic abuse by closing the "boyfriend loophole." And we'll reverse the Trump administration's efforts to weaken gun safety, including rules that enabled 3-D printed guns and make it easier to create untraceable weapons.
We'll require background checks for the vast majority of private gun sales, including at gun shows and online. We'll extend the existing requirements on reporting bulk gun sales. And we'll raise the minimum age for purchasing a gun.
From the White House, I will take executive action to rein in an out-of-control gun industry. Gun manufacturers make billions by knowingly selling deadly products, and it’s time to hold gun dealers and manufacturers accountable for the violence promoted by these products.
In 2017, almost 40,000 people died from guns in the U.S. My goal is to reduce that number by 80%. We’ll start with solutions we believe will work. We’ll update those solutions based on new research—and stop corrupt extremists from blocking action by ending the filibuster.
It’s easy to despair when our government refuses to act. But we are not incapable of solving big problems. Over fifty years ago, we took big steps to make our cars safer and since then, we reduced per-mile driving deaths by almost 80% and prevented 3.5 million automobile deaths.
The statistics are horrifying. Our firearm homicide rate is 25x higher than other comparable countries. Our firearm suicide rate is nearly 10x higher. Women are 21x more likely to be shot to death—most killed by an intimate partner. 21 children and teenagers are shot every day.
Gun violence is a public health crisis. That’s why I have a comprehensive gun violence prevention plan—a plan to make big, structural changes to end the NRA and corrupt lawmakers’ ability to block our government from defending the lives of our people. 
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
In America, you ought to have a chance to build a real future for yourself and your family. But in farming communities in Council Bluffs and across Iowa, that’s getting harder and harder. We must invest in our farmers and our farm communities. 
I’m proud to sign the  When we fight, we win—and in 2020, we have a real shot to elect Democrats up and down the ballot and make the big, structural changes our country needs. 
  is bringing the heat to the Iowa  and we are so here for it. 
I applaud the 5th Circuit's decision upholding the constitutionality of the Indian Child Welfare Act. ICWA has been crucial in protecting the best interests of Native children, their families, and their communities for over 40 years and must be protected. 
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
Fran’s home in Pacific Junction, Iowa was devastated by flooding earlier this year. As she showed me where you can still see the water line, I asked her why she thought this was happening. Her answer: Climate change. I agree, and I’m ready to take bold action to fight back. 
 Let's continue to do our best to protect the families around us. Know your rights, and inform your friends, families and n…
Watching this little girl cry out for her father is a punch in the gut. The Trump administration’s cruelty knows no end.I want to be very clear here: Families belong together. And when I am president, they will be. 
Looking forward to participating in and presidential  this Saturday in Iowa. I’m in this fight for our kids, for our communities, and for our futures. 
5 years ago Michael Brown was murdered by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri. Michael was unarmed yet he was shot 6 times. I stand with activists and organizers who continue the fight for justice for Michael. We must confront systemic racism and police violence head on.
Voters shouldn’t have to worry about whether their ballot is vulnerable to hackers. We need state-of-the-art voting machines, ballots, and election security—and I’ve got a plan for that. 
It’s true—I joined Snapchat! Can’t wait to continue to connect with our grassroots supporters. 
Climate change is getting worse and is putting our families’ futures in jeopardy. We need to help American farmers use all the tools in their toolbox to fight climate change—before food shortages become a reality. 
I’m standing with and as they rally this weekend to urge to stop selling guns. I hope you’ll join them. 
Companies that sell guns have a responsibility to the safety of their communities. is one of the largest gun retailers in the world. The weapons they sell are killing their own customers and employees. No profit is worth those lives. Do the right thing—stop selling guns.
Sometimes, companies recognize that they have an obligation to the lives, health, and safety of their communities. In 2014, for example, CVS voluntarily stopped selling tobacco products. Cigarette sales went down, and more smokers tried to quit. That's progress.
When I first ran for Senate in 2012, my team and I drove from event to event in a bright blue used SUV. It was great—but I think driving across Iowa in this takes the cake! 
Congratulations, Looking forward to fighting alongside you for a world where LGBTQ+ communities can live without fear or discrimination. 
 Last week I announced my endorsement of my friend for President. She isn't afraid to stand up for what she bel…
My heart aches for Pebbles LaDime Doe, Kiki Fantroy, and their loved ones. The murder of Black trans women is a crisis that we must call out—and address head-on. 
Today I was asked whether the president is a white supremacist. I said yes.
Here’s a statistic that Donald Trump and the Republicans should pay attention to: Our country is losing a football field’s worth of natural land every 30 seconds. We must make our public lands part of the climate solution—and I have a plan to do just that:  
Stopped for a quick drink at a lemonade stand in Harlan, Iowa. When life gives you lemons, make big structural change! 
We’re building a grassroots movement to save our environment and restore opportunity to every corner of this country. 
Yesterday, we stopped in Pacific Junction, Iowa, to see the damage caused by this year’s extreme floods. Climate change is real—and we’re already facing the consequences. We need to take action now. 
 Thank you, Sarah! I’m grateful to have you in this fight. That’s how this is going to work: You, me, and this grassroots movement are all in this together.
I'm grateful down to my toes for all the meaningful conversations we're having during our Iowa road trip. Thanks for coming out last night, Council Bluffs! 
This is inhumane and will have devastating effects on the children that are left behind. Make no mistake: I'll keep fighting my heart out for our immigrant communities—and in a Warren administration, immigrant families will be able to live without fear.
Just days after the massacre in El Paso, fueled by anti-immigrant rhetoric, the Trump administration carried out the largest ICE raid in more than 10 years—separating families and targeting communities of color. 
This is alarming—but there is still time to avert the next economic crash. I've outlined a plan for how to do it. And we need to act now. 
Meanwhile, the potential shocks I identified are looming larger. Trump is escalating his incoherent tariff-by-tweet strategy against China. The chances of a no-deal Brexit have risen. No wonder markets are assessing a high risk of a potential recession. 
New data confirmed other weaknesses too. New Q2 economic data showed slowing growth. There's a slowdown in construction jobs and manufacturing job hours declined. 
We got more confirmation of my concern that middle class families are falling deep into debt trying to bridge the gap between rising household costs and stagnant incomes. 
Two weeks ago I warned about a coming economic downturn. Since then, we've already seen more signs that our economy is in precarious condition and that Trump's rhetoric and actions are pushing us closer to the brink.
Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump won’t act—but we will. Together, we can stand up to the NRA and demand real gun reform to keep our communities safe. 
I’m inspired by every activist making their voice heard in El Paso today. We are  ready to tackle gun violence and white supremacy head-on. 
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
Amazon is using its monopoly in online sales to force companies to raise prices at its competitors like Walmart. That’s bad for families and another reason we need to  
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
Let’s create a federal Office of Broadband Access, and invest $85 billion into making sure every home in America has a broadband connection. That means publicly-owned and operated networks—no giant telecom companies running away with taxpayer dollars. 
Just like workers need a living wage, farmers need a fair price. It’s time to fix the failed policies that are squeezing our family farmers. 
  is committed to the success of our rural communities. Guaranteeing high speed internet, access to health care, a…
Cyntoia Brown is finally free—but we can’t forget that she was denied justice for over 14 years. The words above the Supreme Court say "Equal Justice Under Law." We need to start acting like it, and that means standing up for survivors of sexual violence. 
You heard it at the  first—I want a labor leader as my Labor Secretary. 
Our rural communities are being denied the high-quality health care they deserve. To ensure equal access, we must close the health care gaps across rural America by passing Medicare for All and blocking hospital mergers that reduce access to care. If you’re with me, sign up now.
America's farmers are getting squeezed tighter and tighter by giant agribusinesses. I'm charting a path towards a new farm economy that replaces our government’s failed approach with one that guarantees farmers a fair price and protects our environment. Sign up if you're with me.
Today’s biggest internet service providers have left large parts of the country unserved or dramatically underserved. As president, I will make sure every home in America has reliable, high-quality Internet at a price families can afford. If you're with me, sign up now
Our rural communities are being denied the high-quality health care they deserve. To ensure equal access, we must close the health care gaps across rural America by passing Medicare for All and blocking hospital mergers that reduce access to care. If you’re with me, sign up now.
Our failure to invest in rural areas is holding back millions of families, weakening our economy, and undermining our efforts to combat climate change. We can make big, structural change to create new opportunities all across rural America. If you’re with me, sign up now.
 Everybody deserves the opportunity to participate, prosper ; reach their full potential without the threat of gun violence or whi…
I stand in solidarity with the people who protested Donald Trump’s racist rhetoric and inaction on gun violence yesterday. We must fight for  I believe we will win. 
Farms are being crushed by failed Washington policies and giant agribusinesses, and many rural communities lack access to health care and fast, reliable internet. Our rural communities are being cut off from opportunities to thrive, and I have a plan to fix it. 
I want Washington to work for communities all over the country—and make sure every community has the resources it needs to thrive. Together, we can make big improvements in the lives of rural Americans.
Agriculture has become one of the biggest polluters in our economy, thanks to decades of failed policy. By paying farmers to fight climate change and investing in R;D we can tackle climate change.
I have plans that will help bring affordable housing, child care, and accessible banking to rural communities. My new approach to trade policy will make sure we're keeping good jobs here in America and giving rural communities a voice in trade negotiations.
A whole bunch of my other plans will help rural communities, too. My plan to cancel student loan debt and provide free public college will help young people build a future in rural communities, instead of driving them to cities to find a job that can pay down their debt.
Here’s my new approach: Guaranteeing farmers a fair price—raising farm incomes and reducing taxpayer expenses. We'll pay farmers for sustainable farming that protects our environment and provide consumers with affordable, local food. 
Finally, I've got a plan to overhaul our country's failed approach to the farm economy. For decades, government policy has subsidized industrial agriculture at taxpayers' expense while driving environmentally unsustainable farming practices and starving farmers.
This ends when I’m president. I'll create a public option for broadband and make sure every home has affordable high-speed internet. I'll crack down on anti-competitive practices and appoint FCC Commissioners who'll restore net neutrality and provide open access to the internet.
One of the best tools to expand access to health care—and unlock other economic opportunities—is high-speed internet. But big broadband companies exclude entire communities—especially tribal communities and communities of color—from fast, reliable internet access.
I'll also tackle consolidation in health care. If a proposed merger is a first step to closing hospitals or slashing basic services, then a Warren administration will block it. And I'll invest more resources in community health centers and closing today’s rural doctor shortage.
My plan starts with protecting access to health care in rural communities, which are rapidly losing access to basic services. That's why I support  why I'll increase Medicare reimbursement rates to help rural hospitals stay afloat.
Everyone should have the opportunity to build a good life wherever they live. But as giant corporations and Washington keep cutting off opportunities for huge parts of the country, the shot to succeed gets further out of reach for rural families. I've got a plan to fix that.
I'm kicking off my Iowa road trip today! As we head into Iowa, I'm sharing my new plans to invest in rural communities. It's time to put their interests ahead of giant companies and Wall Street. 
Voting is a fundamental right, and we won't let racist politicians undermine it. On the 54th anniversary of the  I’m re-committing to making it safer and easier for all Americans to vote. It’s part of my plan to strengthen our democracy:  
I’ve answered over 530 audience questions this year, and the hardest to swallow was from a little boy named Owen in Michigan. He asked, “How will you keep kids safe at school?”No child should have to go to school fearing for their lives. We must take action on gun violence—now. 
At the  last Saturday, we talked about the big question in 2020: Who does the government work for? I want the government to work for working families again. 
 Here are some organizations that are leading the fight to  and need your support
 The U.S. Senate has a unique opportunity to pass meaningful gun safety legislation that will help protect Americans from gu…
Two background check bills passed the House months ago. But Mitch McConnell is refusing to let the Senate vote on them Call us back into session. We need 
Toni Morrison's powerful writing taught us all new ways to lead, new ways to fight, and reminds us of the humanity in others. As I think about her passing, her words fill me with hope. “Your life is already a miracle of chance waiting for you to shape its destiny.” 
 is a true fighter for working people and is ready to stand against the white supremacist propaganda that Steve King regularly spews. I’m certain that he can win in 2020. Let’s work together to elect JD and return the power to the people!  
This is how we’ll end the gun violence epidemic: Taking real action to stop tragedies like the ones in El Paso and Dayton from ever happening again. 
No parent should have to think like this. I'm in this fight for you and your daughter, Elena. 
 The shooter was an anti-immigrant, racist, white U.S. CITIZEN who specifically targeted our latinx community.What we nee…
 And we need a president willing to take executive action herself. I'll do everything I can—and I'll lead the fight for gun legislation from the White House.
Donald Trump is enabling white supremacy—and Republicans are enabling him. And when Congress and the American people have tried to fight the gun violence epidemic, has put the NRA first. If we want action, we need to take back the Senate and end the filibuster. 
If we want to end gun violence, we need to tackle corruption in Washington head-on. Right now the gun manufacturers—the guys who hire all the lobbyists and make all the campaign contributions—are pulling all the strings. We must fight it together.
 ACCESS TO GUNS IS THE PROBLEM.Not mental health.Not video games.Not social media.These are dangerous and misguided dis…
Two background check bills have already passed the House. The Senate has an opportunity to pass them—but Mitch McConnell refuses to act. you must bring the Senate back into session to vote on this important legislation.
White supremacy is not a mental illness. We need to call it what it is: Domestic terrorism. And we need to call out Donald Trump for amplifying these deadly ideologies. 
The Senate created the filibuster, and if necessary, the Senate can get rid of the filibuster. We don’t have to let Mitch McConnell’s cynical hypocrisy win. Add your name if you agree we can’t let Republican abuse of the filibuster stop the big, structural change we need.
The Senate created the filibuster, and if necessary, the Senate can get rid of the filibuster. We don’t have to let Mitch McConnell’s cynical hypocrisy win. Add your name if you agree we can’t let Republican abuse of the filibuster stop the big, structural change we need.
Republicans won’t act—because gun lobbyists are signing their checks. We must take back the Senate in 2020.Will you chip in to help elect Democrats to the Senate? Let’s build a grassroots movement to beat back the gun lobby and end gun violence. 
Make no mistake, tomorrow the will go back to doing the dirty work of gun manufacturers and blocking progress at every turn. must call us back into session to vote on the two background check bills that have already passed the House. 
I just talked to Hunt about how white nationalism is domestic terrorism. And as Donald Trump has made one ugly statement after another, we’ve seen it on the rise. White nationalists embrace him, and the Republicans enable him.Enough. 
I’ll be there. Grateful to be fighting alongside you to end this epidemic. 
 Video games aren’t causing mass shootings, white supremacy is.Sadly the GOP refuse to acknowledge that, bc their strategy relies…
We need to call it out: Fox News is a hate-for-profit machine that gives a megaphone to racists and conspiracists. 
We must treat this like the public health crisis that it is. Bring the Senate back from recess to vote on legislation to address the gun violence epidemic.
In March, I was asked about the increase in hate crimes since the election of Donald Trump. I want to be very clear: White supremacists pose a threat to the United States like any other terrorist group—and we need to use the full force of the Justice Department to go after them. 
 While we won’t see this covered nationally because our country ritually ignores the trauma in Black ; Brown communitie…
 El Paso shooter drove 9 hrs to kill people who look like me.White supremacy ; networks of white supremacists terrorr…
 It very hard right now and it’s ok to feel despair in these moments. But stay strong, remember to find joy, and don’t l…
 White supremacists used guns in 70% of US domestic terror attacks and are responsible for more deaths than any domestic…
 The hatred ; racism being fueled by Trump ; others leads to this type of violence. Messages of 
We need to call out white nationalism for what it is—domestic terrorism. It is a threat to the United States, and we've seen its devastating toll this weekend. And we need to call out the president himself for advancing racism and white supremacy. 
We're waking up to the second mass shooting in as many days. I’m heartsick for the 29 people killed this weekend in El Paso and Dayton—and all the other lives we lose every day due to senseless gun violence. We need to take urgent action to end the gun violence epidemic.
Gun violence happens at schools, at places of worship, at work, at malls, at movie theaters, at festivals, and at home.Gun violence can claim dozens of lives at once—and its daily toll claims dozens.We have a gun violence epidemic in this country. We need to act—now.
 I’m so grateful that everyone on your team is safe and accounted for. My staff and I are mourning with you for your friends and neighbors.
The news out of El Paso is devastating. I'm heartbroken for the victims and their families. Far too many communities have suffered through tragedies like this already. We must act now to end our country's gun violence epidemic.
It was great meeting you, Aditi! I’m with you in the fight against climate change every step of the way. 
For decades, our country’s trade policy has worked great for giant multinational corporations—and failed American workers and their families.We need a new approach to trade, and I’ve got a plan for that. 
Whenever I meet a little girl, I say: “I’m running for president, because that’s what girls do,” and we pinky promise so they’ll remember. 
The  was a gazillion times more fun with family in the audience! I’m grateful that my nephew Mark, his wife Melinda, and the kids came to Detroit from Oklahoma City to cheer me on. 
Let’s hear it for America’s public school teachers! 
Conversion therapy is cruel and inhumane. I’m glad to see North Carolina ban it. I won’t stop fighting till every LGBTQ+ American is free to be who they are and live without fear or discrimination. 
 I’m glad I stayed till the end to meet you, David!
Michelle Wu has always been a fighter—as one of my students at Harvard law, and now as a Boston city councilor. I’m deeply grateful to have you on our team, 
Officer Pantaleo should be fired. Eric Garner's family has waited too long for justice—we need more civilian oversight to hold police accountable when they fail. 
Optimism is about knowing what’s broken, laying out a plan to fix it, and then building a movement to make it happen. Optimism means we have the power. Chip in $3, $5 or whatever you can now to help power this grassroots movement.
Optimism is about knowing what’s broken, laying out a plan to fix it, and then building a movement to make it happen. I know how to fight, and I know how to win. If you’re with me, sign up now to join our fight.
Optimism is about knowing what’s broken, laying out a plan to fix it, and then building a movement to make it happen. Optimism means we have the power. Chip in $3, $5 or whatever you can now to help power this grassroots movement.
Optimism is about knowing what’s broken, laying out a plan to fix it, and then building a movement to make it happen. I know how to fight, and I know how to win. If you’re with me, sign up now to join our fight.
Looking great, and 
We're not going to solve the urgent problems our country faces with small ideas and spinelessness. We're going to solve them with big, structural change.I know what's broken in this country, I know how to fix it, and I will build a movement to make it happen.
Grateful for the warm welcome at last night's town hall in Tempe, Arizona! I’ve been to 25 states and Puerto Rico (and counting!) since launching my campaign, because I’m running to be president of all the United States. 
We’re live from our Tempe, Arizona town hall! Tune in now. 
Looking forward to being a part of presidential forum on Saturday. I’ll never stop fighting for America’s workers. 
Income for middle class families hasn’t kept up with the rising costs of basics like housing, child care, and education. We need big, structural change to our economy so families have more financial security. That’s why I’m running for president. 
We need an entirely new approach to trade that uses every tool in the toolbox to help American families. My trade plan focuses on investing in American workers ; using our leverage to raise global standards so that we can compete on a level playing field. 
We absolutely must be tough on China, but this haphazard approach of tariff by tweet is hurting American farmers and consumers. There’s no coherent plan beyond more and more escalation. 
Tech giants have armies of lawyers and lobbyists working around the clock to protect their interests. It’s dangerous for our democracy and our economy. We must  
Billionaires like an heir to the Walmart fortune shouldn't be able to shovel unlimited funds into super PACs on a candidate’s behalf. It’s why I’d reject a billionaire-funded super PAC, and why I support overturning Citizens United. We can win with a 100% grassroots movement. 
Let’s be clear: Layleen Cubilette-Polanco should still be alive. Solitary confinement is cruel and inhumane. We must end this practice, enforce strict standards for medical care, and provide extra layers of protection for LGBTQ+ people.
I promise to fight my heart out for workers across the country. 
 Our nuclear arsenal is intended to deter a nuclear attack, not to initiate a nuclear war. I stand with in supporting…
Under my trade proposal, we will:☑️ Negotiate and approve trade agreements through a transparent process☑️ Use our leverage to raise the global standard of living☑️ Invest in American workers and their families 
My team sends great texts! Text FIGHT to 24477 for updates from (and maybe the occasional photo of Bailey). 
This is what optimism is all about, 
The way you run a campaign should reflect your values. Ours is 100% grassroots-funded—no federal lobbyists, mega-donor fundraisers, or PAC money of any kind.Will you join our movement and chip in $3 before our July fundraising deadline at midnight? 
I read the Mueller report the day it came out, and it was clear to me that it’s a referral for impeachment. Now it’s up to Congress to act. No one is above the law—not even the president of the United States. 
America’s trade policies have put giant multinational corporations ahead of American workers, families, farmers, and the environment. I’ve got a plan to change that. I’m proposing a new approach to trade—on our terms.  
 We must be the party of big, structural change. Let’s give people a reason to show up to vote. will beat Donald Tr…
Last month was the hottest June on record. Flooding and extreme weather have devastated communities and caused billions of dollars in damage this year. Climate change is real and it’s here. We need to take big, bold action now—starting with a  
Immigrants are our neighbors, colleagues, and friends—and every bit as American as those who were born in the U.S. We need a rule-based immigration system that is fair, humane, and reflects our values. I've got a plan to make that a reality.  
Patients are rationing medication, putting their lives and health at risk. Families are begging strangers to help cover medical costs—including necessary care their insurance refuses to cover. This system is failing us. That's why I'm fighting for  
We need to know how many U.S. citizens have been detained, how long they've been held, and under what conditions. And we need to know whether agents are using racial profiling when making these wrongful arrests and detentions.
U.S. citizens—including 18-year-old Francisco Erwin Galicia and 9-year-old Julia Isabel Amparo Medina—have been detained by and despite presenting proof of citizenship. I'm demanding an investigation into this unacceptable abuse of power. 
Equifax has botched its response to the data breach at every step. We can't count on to do the right thing. We need to pass laws that will actually hold them accountable—and I’ve got a bill to do just that. 
The government works great—for a thinner and thinner slice at the top. If we want big, structural change, we need to get big money out of politics and  I'm proud to sign the Candidate Pledge in support of the  
 Elizabeth Warren wants to tax the 75,000 wealthiest families in the United States 
 I love it! Thank you for your support.
There’s a lot at stake for our democracy. But we can't choose a candidate we don't believe in just because we’re afraid. I’m not afraid.
I’m not here to talk about what’s not possible. I’m here to fight for big, structural change. 
Running for president: That’s what girls do! I’m grateful for your support. 
Climate change. Student loan debt. Big tech monopolies. You bet I have a plan to help solve these problems—and I believe down to my bones that we can make it happen if we work together. Chip in $3 now if you believe it, too. 
 Thankful for your support, Toni!
For decades, our government has worked for the rich and the powerful. We’ll change that by being the party of big, structural change. Dollar by dollar, person by person, community by community, we will beat Donald Trump in 2020, and make real change come 2021.  
 Thank you, Jackie. We can only do this together!
I’m not afraid—and for Democrats to win in 2020, you can’t be afraid either. 
I’m so grateful for your support tonight. Whether you joined this grassroots movement a few months or just a few minutes ago—it’s an honor to have you in this fight. Help keep powering this movement, and chip in tonight.  
The Democrats are the party of big, structural change. We need to give people a reason to show up and vote. We must build a grassroots movement across this country, person by person, dollar by dollar. I will not only beat Trump—I’ll start making real change come 2021.
We can’t choose a candidate we don’t believe in just because we’re too scared to do anything else. And we can’t ask other people to vote for a candidate we don’t believe in. 
 Warren says “Give people a reason to show up and vote.” She’s the reason. I’m so excited for the bold vision she’s laid out to…
I genuinely do not understand why anyone would go to all the trouble of running for president just to get up on this stage and talk about what’s not possible. Sign up now if you're with me. 
 We're on  because we're ready to fight for what we believe in. The time for small ideas is over. We're ready for…
  just rocked the  and she’s still going strong! Tune in live from Detroit as Elizabeth says hi and take…
 With  we can provide universal child care, universal early education, universal tuition-free…
 For decades, we have had trade policies written by giant multinational corporations. will make sure American worke…
 Warren’s got big, bold ideas and plans to make them a reality. But she’s not going to get there unless we all stand beh…
I just stepped off the  stage feeling grateful and inspired. Person by person, community by community, I believe we can win in 2020. Will you chip in $3 right now to help me return the power to the people?
The Democrats are the party of big, structural change. We need to give people a reason to show up and vote. We must build a grassroots movement across this country, person by person, dollar by dollar. I will not only beat Trump—I’ll start making real change come 2021. 
The U.S. is not going to use nuclear weapons preemptively, and we need to say so to the entire world. Our first responsibility is to keep ourselves safe. Our military is the best on earth—but we need to use every diplomatic tool we have to prevent nuclear conflict. 
 We need big, structural change in this country, and is doing what she does best during the  talking abo…
 We need to call out white supremacy for what it is—domestic terrorism. will call it what it is.  
I’m proposing a two-cent wealth tax on the 75,000 wealthiest families—those worth over $50 million. We’d use that to pay for big, structural changes like  universal free public college, ; cancel student loan debt for 95% of Americans with that debt. 
People want access to our markets—so we need to hold other countries to standards. Right now the whole game is working for the big multinational corporations, not American workers. We need to change that. 
For decades we’ve had a trade policy written by giant multinational corporations. They have no loyalty or patriotism. If they can make a nickel by moving a plant overseas, they’ll do it. My new trade plan puts small businesses, farmers, and entrepreneurs at the table. 
 We're standing by a candidate we believe in. isn't afraid—and neither are we.  
 The climate crisis is the existential crisis of our time. has a plan to invest $2 trillion in green research and m…
My education plan invests a minimum of $50 billion in HBCUs and Minority-Serving Institutions. That’s one step our country must take to level the playing field for Black and Brown Americans. 
We need to call out white supremacy for what it is: Domestic terrorism—and that poses a threat to America. 
I genuinely do not understand why anyone would go to all the trouble of running for president just to get up on this stage and talk about what’s not possible.  
 Last month was the hottest June on record. Climate change is *so* real and we need to elect someone ready to tackle it.Wa…
 Why would anyone go through all the trouble of running for President just to get up on stage and talk about what’s not poss…
Climate change is an existential crisis in our world. It puts everything living on our planet at risk. My Green Manufacturing plan would invest $2 trillion in green research and exporting, and create 1.2 million new American jobs in green manufacturing. 
I genuinely do not understand why anyone would go to all the trouble of running for president just to get up on this stage and talk about what’s not possible. 
I took on the big banks, and I beat them. I took on Wall Street CEOs, and I beat them. I took on a popular incumbent senator, and I beat him. Democrats win when we go out there and fight for it. I’m not afraid. And for Democrats to win, you can’t be afraid either. 
 We must live our values. will not criminalize mothers, babies, and families fleeing violence and seeking refuge in…
 Elizabeth Warren is fighting for a government that works for who it’s supposed to work for—not billionaires, not giant…
We need immigration reform that provides cost-effective security at our borders, addresses the root causes of migration, and provides a path to status and citizenship so that our neighbors don’t have to live in fear. Sign up to join our fight for a fair immigration system.
President Trump has weaponized deportation in ways that are costly, ineffective, and designed to maximize pain. It’s time to end this cruelty. As president, I will decriminalize migration and refocus enforcement on serious criminal activity. Sign up if you're with me.
As president, I will immediately reinstate the DACA program and expand protections for our Dreamers and their families, to provide a measure of protection while pursuing a path to citizenship. Sign up now if you’re with me in this fight.
Rules matter. And it matters if we say our rule is to put people in cages. What we need to do is have a sane immigration system that keeps us safe, but does not criminalize mothers and babies fleeing violence and seeking refuge in America. 
We have to be an America that is clear on immigration. We need to expand legal immigration and fix the crisis at the border. What we can’t do is play into Donald Trump’s hands. 
The problem is that right now the criminalization statute is what gives Trump the ability to take children away from their parents ; lock up people at our borders. We must be a country that lives our values. That means we cannot make it a crime to come to our country. 
 We need to be the party of big, structural change. knows what's broken in this country—and she has a plan to fix i…
 Let's stop using Republican talking points.  
Washington works great for the giant drug companies and insurance companies. Let’s be clear: These insurance companies don’t have a god-given right to suck billions of dollars out of our health care system. We need to have the courage to fight back. 
 She’s crushing it! Never been so proud to be a Warren volunteer and donor. This campaign is funded by grassroots supporters li…
The basic profit model of insurance companies is taking as much money possible in premiums, and pay as little as possible in coverage. Giant corporations and billionaires should pay more taxes, and middle-class families should pay less out of pocket for health care. 
Families are losing their loved ones because they can’t afford life saving medication like insulin. Congress has a duty to act. That’s why I’m fighting to make high-quality, affordable health care accessible to everyone—no exceptions. 
One third of donations made through go towards helping people pay for health care—including plenty of families who have health insurance and still get hit with crushing medical bills. The system is broken.  
Insurance companies sucked $23 billion out of our health care system last year. They profited on the backs of people like Unfortunately, there are so many other stories like his.  
My friend is a hero not just to me, but to everyone whose health care he’s fought for. When the  was poised to cut Medicare—a program that millions of Americans rely on—Ady fought back hard. His story reminds us: We need 
Health care is a basic human right—and we fight for basic human rights. I'll keep fighting until everyone has access to the health care they need.  
My own family plunged deep into debt when my daddy had a heart attack. Health care is a basic human right — and it’s time to fight for it. I’m proud to support Medicare for All in the Senate. Add your name if you agree that it’s time to fight for Medicare for All.
We’re not going to solve the problems we face with small ideas and spinelessness. We need to be the party of big, structural change. I understand what’s broken, I know how to fix it—and I’m willing to fight to make it happen. 
Looking forward to taking the stage at the  in just a few minutes. Let’s do this! 
My second-grade teacher, Mrs. Lee, changed my whole world (and gave the best hugs). I was happy to learn that Ellie, who won contest to join us for the  in Detroit, is a second-grade teacher, too! Let’s hear it for America’s teachers. 
On my way to the  
Wow! Thankful for your support, Together we’ll fight for the big, structural change that Americans want to see. 
Grateful to have your support, I promise to fight for every family as hard as I fight for mine. 
Thank you, You don’t get what you don’t fight for—and I’m ready to give this fight all I’ve got. Grateful for your friendship and support. 
Adam and Miranda—thank you for the letters you gave me at our Toledo town hall last night. You inspire me to keep fighting. 
Thank you, We’re in this fight to build a  grassroots movement together. 
Thankful for your support, I’m ready to fight my heart out for working families and make sure our country works for everyone—not just the wealthy and well connected. 
This fight is about a brighter future for Native communities, for New Mexico, and for our country. Humbled to fight alongside a trailblazer and friend like 
It was great talking with after last night’s town hall in Toledo. He had some important questions for me, and I answered. Keep up the great work—you’ve got a bright career ahead of you in the newsroom! 
I’m jazzed up for the  tonight! 
I got to live my dream of becoming a teacher because an affordable higher education opened a million doors for me.But chances like the ones I got don't exist anymore. My plan for universal free public college and cancelling student debt would create new opportunities for all. 
In this primary, we have an opportunity to make a real difference in the way campaigns are funded. It’s why I’m fighting my heart out to cut dark money out of politics—and why my campaign is 100% grassroots-funded. 
The  wasn’t reform—it was a heist. It showered corporations and the wealthy in tax giveaways and kicked everyone else to the curb. I’ve proposed real reform to ensure the wealthiest Americans and corporations pay their fair share.
One of the best parts of my trip to Detroit in June was reading your hand-written notes about what got you into this fight. Your stories keep me going—and I’m glad to be back in Detroit for the second  
I stand in solidarity with the people of Anchorage, Alaska who are fighting to make their voices heard against extreme budget cuts that could hurt the people of their state. 
I’m grateful for the opportunity last night to talk with the people of Toledo about big, structural change—including my new plan to make our trade policy actually work for American families. 
  has taken questions at more than 120 events across the country— town halls, house parties, and more. At tonight’s…
 Why I’m on  When I asked her to pledge to appoint a public school teacher as Secretary of Education, she actually…
I don’t spend my time chasing big checks from wealthy donors and special interest groups—so I have time to make thank you calls to as many grassroots donors as I can. Chip in $3 now to help build our movement, and I might give you a call to say thanks! 
For decades, America’s trade policy has worked great for the rich and the powerful. American workers? Not so much. Tonight in Toledo, I talked about our need for trade policy that favors the American people, not multinational corporations. 
40,000—and counting! Grateful for each and every one of you. 
Powerful corporate interests have poured gigantic sums into capturing our courts. We need judges who value justice for all, not just for the rich and powerful. 
No student should live in fear of discrimination. As president, I will not only fight my heart out for LGBTQ+ students' rights, I will nominate a former public school teacher as education secretary. We need a leader who will actually fight for our kids. 
No, it’s not a prank. It’s really me! Thank you, Felipe, for making a contribution to my campaign. We make each other stronger in these fights. 
 Thanks for being one of the only candidates in the field to address the inaugural Muslim Caucus’…
Our government is broken. Wall Street has tilted our laws to favor the rich and the powerful, while working Americans foot the bill.I’m running for president to return the power to the people. Will you chip in $3 now to help me keep up the fight? 
 Thank you so much! I can’t wait to read it.
 Wow! That does look delicious.
We need data-based, ecologically sensitive solutions to the threat of fire on our public lands—not giveaways to special interests. 
We need to fundamentally transform our approach to trade—and that means using trade to raise wages and combat climate change instead of padding the bottom lines of big multinational corporations who have no allegiance to America. 
For decades, our trade policies have been written by corporations to benefit their bottom line. It's time for a new approach. The president has a lot of authority to remake trade policy herself. When I’m elected, I intend to use it. 
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Sign up now to enter and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me. Good luck!
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Sign up now to enter and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me. Good luck!
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Sign up now to enter and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me. Good luck!
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Sign up now to enter and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me. Good luck!
 has dedicated his life to the fight for justice for all. No amount of racist tweets from the man in the White House will erase that—and we must not let them divide us. I stand with my friend Al Sharpton in calling out these ongoing attacks on people of color.
Trade can be a powerful tool. My plan represents a new approach—one that uses America’s leverage to boost American workers and raise the global standard of living. The president has a lot of authority to remake trade policy herself. When elected, I intend to use it.
I’ll end “Investor-State Dispute Settlement”—the favorable enforcement we offer corporations which they've used to undermine laws that benefit workers ; families (like minimum wage increases). And I’ll create a new, stronger approach to enforcing labor ; environmental standards.
Finally, our approach to enforcing trade deals is driving down standards worldwide. We offer corporations fast and powerful methods to enforce the provisions that benefit them, but make it nearly impossible to enforce labor and environmental protections. It's time to change that.
I'll make combating climate change a key focus of our trade deals—and make sure America lives up to the same standards we hold other countries to. I'll require countries we negotiate trade deals with to comply with the Paris Climate accord and end fossil fuel subsidies.
I'll also go further to make sure our trade deals ensure consumer safety ; protect America's family farms. And I'll fight to bring down the costs of prescription drugs here ; around the world by supporting price controls ; seeking out opportunities to reduce exclusivity periods.
I'll establish a set of standards that countries must meet as a precondition for any trade agreement: covering labor rights, human rights, religious freedom, human trafficking, protecting the environment, currency practices, and combating tax evasion and bribery.
For too long, we've made trade deals with countries with abysmal records on labor, environmental issues, and human rights. They get concrete access to the American market while we get vague commitments to do better—which we hardly enforce. This must end.
Our trade negotiations give special access to corporate interests before the agreement is rushed through Congress. I'll end this undemocratic, corrupt practice and negotiate and approve trade deals through a transparent process that offers the public a real chance to shape them.
My plan is a whole new approach to trade that will transform every aspect of our current process, from how we negotiate deals, to the negotiating objectives we pursue, to the way we enforce agreements. This isn’t about tough talk—it's about big, structural change.
America has enormous leverage in trade negotiations. I won’t hand that leverage to corporations to boost their own profits—I’ll use it to create and defend good American jobs, raise wages, fight climate change, lower drug prices, and raise living standards worldwide.
For decades, America’s trade policy has put the profits of big multinational corporations ahead of American workers, farmers, and the environment. I have a new approach: Trade on our terms and only when it benefits American families. Here's my plan. 
Yesterday, 4 people were killed and dozens more injured in senseless gun violence attacks in Gilroy and Brooklyn. One of the victims was a 6-year-old child. And these are just the few that made headlines. I’m heartsick. We have a gun violence epidemic. It’s our duty to act—now.
I won’t! I promise to fight for your family as hard as I fight for mine. 
That’s right.Gottlieb’s trip through the revolving door—from head of the to a spot on board—is a huge conflict of interest. Under my plan to  that would be illegal. 
From day one, Trump has made his disdain for the intelligence community clear. Our Director of National Intelligence should be above partisan politics, speak truth to power, and resist Trump's abuses of authority. John Ratcliffe doesn't fit that bill.
 Sen. Elizabeth Warren: "Donald Trump once again is a racist who makes ever more outrageous racist remarks. It is insulting, bo…
 Great meeting you, Molly!
Our campaign is 100% grassroots funded. So I spend my time calling as many people as I can to thank them for chipping into this movement. I love making these calls—and I’m planning on making more soon. Donate now and you could be next! 
I could feel the energy the moment I stepped through the door. Thank you to the people of Bow for hosting a terrific  house party! If you’re ready to get in this fight with me, find an event in your community:  
Our government should keep Americans safe—not allow private prisons to profit off of locking people up. Here’s how my plan to ban private prisons works. 
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Woo-hoo, thanks for coming out today, New Hampshire! I'm grateful down to my toes that we got to talk about the big, structural change we're fighting for. 
 Thank you so much for your letter, Wade. We’ll keep fighting the good fight, together.
To get serious about climate change and reduce our reliance on fossil fuels, we need to end Big Oil’s stranglehold on Washington. As president, I’ll eliminate fossil fuel subsidies and put a moratorium on new fossil fuel leases offshore or on public lands. 
Donald Trump’s tweets are ugly and racist. They’re purposefully designed to turn us against one another. We cannot let that happen. Instead, we must follow my friend Elijah Cummings’ example and keep doing the work for the American people. 
Teaching law at was a dream come true, but incredibly hard while raising two little kids. Lack of high-quality, affordable child care almost sunk me—until Aunt Bee came to help. The fight for  is personal for me. 
Every letter I read gives me yet another reason to keep dreaming big and fighting hard for the big, structural change that Americans everywhere want to see. I’m grateful down to my bones for your support. 
I’m running my campaign differently. No federal lobbyists. No fundraisers with mega-donors. No money from PACs of any kind. Instead, I’m spending my time talking with you. Will you chip in $3 right now? It will go a long way—and I might call to say thanks! 
Our federal government has underserved HBCUs and MSIs for decades. We need to right these wrongs—starting with my plan to invest at least $50 billion in these important institutions. 
Thank you for having me,  
A person’s HIV status has no bearing on their ability to parent. This is just the latest in a long line of the Trump administration’s cruel attacks on immigrant communities. I want to be clear here: Families belong together—no exceptions. 
This is a big win for women who work in politics and for their families. Grateful for leadership in making this possible! Next, let’s go a step further and make  a reality for everyone. 
The ADA is about civil rights, opportunity, and our values—but there’s more work to be done. As I celebrate the ADA today, I'm committing to continue the fight to protect these rights every step of the way. 
That changed with the passage of the ADA—which came about thanks to activists and leaders in Congress like Rep. Major Owens. It not only helped dismantle prejudices about Americans with disabilities, it recognized their right to live, work, and love independently. 
On the 29th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, I’m thinking about my first job out of college—teaching students with speech and learning disabilities at a public school. I saw the difficulties my kids faced navigating a world that wasn’t designed for them. 
The playing field is tilted against entrepreneurs and small business owners of color. A typical Black entrepreneur starts a business with $35,000 in capital—a third of the startup capital for the typical white entrepreneur. Here’s how we change that: 
HBCUs have always had to do more with less. Many are in danger of closing, or have already closed. That's why I have a plan to invest at least $50 billion in HBCUs. 
 Wow! I love it.
For black moms in particular, this maternal mortality crisis is an epidemic. I have a plan to hold health systems accountable for protecting them. 
We have the power to prevent these deaths. We need paid leave so that new moms have time to recover—and we need  so that moms (and their babies!) have access to the health care they need. 
I’m running a different kind of campaign. Since I don’t spend my time asking rich donors for big checks, I get to spend it with voters instead. That way everyone can get a selfie! 
Trump's Department of Justice just approved and $26 billion merger. This merger will cost thousands of jobs, reduce wages, and further reduce competition in a sector that badly needs it. We need antitrust regulators with the courage to stand up to monopolies. 
Exciting news: We just passed one million contributions made to our campaign!We’re 100% grassroots-funded, ; every person who chips in owns a piece of our movement. I couldn’t be more grateful. After Caitlyn made the millionth donation, I called with a double woo-hoo thank you! 
After Wanda, a math teacher, chipped in to our campaign, I gave her a call to say thanks! Teachers see the worth in every human being—the guy in the White House doesn’t know what he’s up against. 
I'm thrilled to see that the House has passed  If Donald Trump really cared about the plight of the Venezuelan people, he wouldn't be deporting those in the U.S. back to violence and fear. Now I hope my Senate colleagues will pass this bill. 
Racist voter suppression is real—and we need federal muscle in the fight. Under my plan, there’ll be no more problems with voter registration, no more arbitrary voter purges, and no more gerrymandering. The right to vote is fundamental ; we'll protect it. 
Sandra Pezqueda worked at in Southern California. After reporting sexual harassment, she was fired—but her courage launched a movement. I stand in solidarity with Sandra and everyone supporting the Terranea boycott, and you can too: 
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
Have you ever deposited a check—then had to wait days for it to hit your bank account? My bill with Rep. will help eliminate that wait time and make a huge difference for Americans with bills to pay. 
Learn more about Elizabeth’s plans for big, structural change before the debate. She is fighting to restore our democracy and rebuild our economy — and she has a plan to win. Don’t miss her on the debate stage on Tuesday, July 30.
Learn more about Elizabeth’s plans for big, structural change before the debate. She is fighting to restore our democracy and rebuild our economy — and she has a plan to win. Don’t miss her on the debate stage on Tuesday, July 30.
Learn more about Elizabeth’s plans for big, structural change before the debate. She is fighting to restore our democracy and rebuild our economy — and she has a plan to win. Don’t miss her on the debate stage on Tuesday, July 30.
Learn more about Elizabeth’s plans for big, structural change before the debate. She is fighting to restore our democracy and rebuild our economy — and she has a plan to win. Don’t miss her on the debate stage on Tuesday, July 30.
Learn more about Elizabeth’s plans for big, structural change before the debate. She is fighting to restore our democracy and rebuild our economy — and she has a plan to win. Don’t miss her on the debate stage on Tuesday, July 30.
Learn more about Elizabeth’s plans for big, structural change before the debate. She is fighting to restore our democracy and rebuild our economy — and she has a plan to win. Don’t miss her on the debate stage on Tuesday, July 30.
Elizabeth is thrilled to take the stage for the second debate of the Democratic presidential primary on Tuesday, July 30! Learn more about her plans for big, structural change.
Elizabeth is thrilled to take the stage for the second debate of the Democratic presidential primary on Tuesday, July 30! Learn more about her plans for big, structural change.
Elizabeth is thrilled to take the stage for the second debate of the Democratic presidential primary on Tuesday, July 30! Learn more about her plans for big, structural change.
Elizabeth is thrilled to take the stage for the second debate of the Democratic presidential primary on Tuesday, July 30! Learn more about her plans for big, structural change.
Elizabeth is thrilled to take the stage for the second debate of the Democratic presidential primary on Tuesday, July 30! Learn more about her plans for big, structural change.
Elizabeth is thrilled to take the stage for the second debate of the Democratic presidential primary on Tuesday, July 30! Learn more about her plans for big, structural change.
If eight children died every day from some mysterious virus, we'd be doing everything we could to research ways to stop it.  how to end the gun violence epidemic. It's time to  
 We’re in this fight together, Jeri. 
 Emmett Till would be 78 today. His mother, Mamie Till-Mobley, ensured that the world saw how gruesomely her 14 year-old…
 Good luck at the conference!
I loved our phone call! Our nation’s future rests with young people—and we have an obligation to do whatever we can to help you succeed. Thanks for taking the time to talk with me.  
Mueller’s testimony yesterday confirmed what we already knew: A hostile foreign power attacked our democracy, and we haven’t done anything to stop it from happening again. That’s why I have a plan to secure our elections from foreign threats: 
Today, it’s a different story. An entire generation is being crippled by student debt and skyrocketing tuition costs. My plan to cancel debt for 95% of Americans with student loan debt, make public college free, and invest in HBCUs would end this crisis. 
When I was a senior in high school, my family didn’t have the money for college application fees—let alone a college education. Through a mix of scholarships and part-time jobs, I ended up getting my 4-year degree at a commuter college that cost $50 a semester.  
Our criminal justice system has a long history of mistakes when it comes to capital punishment—especially when it comes to Black and Brown people. We cannot let a broken system decide the fate of incarcerated Americans. I oppose the death penalty. 
 It was great meeting you, Tracy! Glad you’re in this fight.
This is an important step to ensure that non-binary Americans are seen and respected. Way to go, New Hampshire. All states should do the same. 
The people of Puerto Rico have endured so much—disaster and tragedy, economic crisis, government corruption, generations of disrespect. I'm inspired by my fellow U.S. citizens and their movement to hold their government accountable. 
I'm running to be the best president that money can't buy, but I can't do it alone. Will you chip in $3 before our July fundraising deadline? One person at a time, we'll stop Washington from answering to billionaires and giant corporations. 
Our government let the student loan debt crisis spiral out of control, especially for people of color. My bill provides a $50 billion investment in HBCUs ; cancels student loan debt for 95% of borrowers—so that we can begin to close the racial wealth gap. 
 Elizabeth Warren's legislation would provide up to $50,000 of student debt relief for those earning $100,000 or less.  
 "It's time to begin impeachment proceedings," Sen. Elizabeth Warren tweets amid former special counsel Robert Mueller's testimony…
This is a joke. Facebook repeatedly violated users' privacy and this settlement imposes no real individual accountability and no major structural changes to the company—only a fine that's a fraction of what Facebook makes in a year.  
I have a plan to cancel student loan debt for millions of Americans—and yesterday, Rep. James Clyburn and I introduced a bill in Congress that will start to make that plan a reality.  
 "We have to make it clear. No one is above the law. The responsibility of congress of the United States when the presiden…
My two-cent  would cover big, structural changes like:✅ Universal Child Care✅ Canceling student loan debt for 95% of borrowers✅ Universal free college 
I agree with the vote. We must begin impeachment proceedings. 
I was proud to stand with airline food workers and at DCA yesterday. Airline corporations make millions of dollars in profits, and their workers should be paid a living wage. We’ll keep making our voices heard.  
Here’s the good news: We have the chance to head off another financial crisis if we take action now. 
If we stay the course, the odds of another economic downturn are high—and growing. If we take bold action now, we can head off another financial crisis before it’s too late. 
I've got a plan to make sure that no president is above the law: Pass a law clarifying Congress’s intent that the Department of Justice can indict the President of the United States. If you agree, sign our petition now.
I read the Mueller report the day it came out. Three things were clear: A hostile foreign government attacked our 2016 election, Trump welcomed their help, and Trump obstructed the investigation into that attack. I agree with time to begin impeachment proceedings. 
In just a few minutes, I’ll be speaking live at the 110th  I hope you’ll tune in! 
Robert Mueller’s report is an impeachment referral, and it’s up to Congress to act. But impeachment shouldn’t be the only way that a sitting president can be held accountable for committing a crime. No president is above the law. 
I read all 448 pages of the Mueller report, and this much is clear: The president obstructed justice. Attorney General Barr can try to cover it up, but the American people deserve to hear the full truth from Mueller himself. I hope we get that tomorrow. 
It’s about time. Our 9/11 first responders are American heroes—they deserve to be treated with dignity and respect, and guaranteed the support they need. 
Thank you for being in this fight, Norelia. Your voice matters. 
This is what happens when government works for the rich and powerful instead of everyone else. Enough is enough. We need  
I'm not taking a dime from Washington lobbyists or PACs of any kind—because this campaign is powered by the people. Will you chip in $3 or whatever you can? Every dollar will help keep up our momentum before next week’s fundraising deadline. 
Our budget reflects our values, and Trump’s new budget proposal makes his perfectly clear. The SNAP program helps working families and students keep food on the table. We should expand it—not cut it. 
The gap between white and Black homeownership rates today is about 30% — bigger than it was in 1960 when housing discrimination was legal. This enormous gap is a moral stain on our country, and my housing plan tackles it head on.
The gap between white and Black homeownership rates today is about 30% — bigger than it was in 1960 when housing discrimination was legal. This enormous gap is a moral stain on our country, and my housing plan tackles it head on.
The black homeownership rate today is nearly the same as it was when housing discrimination was legal. We need to fight for Black families and tackle this housing crisis head on — and that’s what my housing plan for America does.
The black homeownership rate today is nearly the same as it was when housing discrimination was legal. We need to fight for Black families and tackle this housing crisis head on — and that’s what my housing plan for America does.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for all Americans.
But we should be wary that this administration doesn't abuse this necessary review in order to pursue its own partisan agenda. This issue is too important to be dragged into Trump's petty grievances against these companies. This requires careful congressional oversight.
Big tech companies like Amazon, Facebook, and Google wield enormous, monopolistic power. I've been saying that we need to  for a long time and I support a legitimate antitrust investigation into these companies. 
Our economy’s shaky foundation could crumble, but let me be clear: There’s still time to prevent it. That’s why I’m calling on regulators and Congress to act before another crisis gut-punches American families. 
 Tell you what, we can get a photo next time! And in the meantime, has some great volunteer events coming up in Queens where you can meet someone new: 
The murders of Black trans women in America are a crisis. We must call it out and fight back, until everyone is free to be who they are without fear. Say her name: Denali Berries Stuckey. 
I warned about an economic crash years before the 2008 crisis—but the people in power wouldn’t listen. We can stop it from happening again, but they must listen this time.
This is cruel and unjust. My plan for humane immigration reform will eliminate the use of expedited removal proceedings, guarantee hearings, and ensure access to counsel in immigration courts. 
 Sen. is right. The toxic business model of for-profit insurance depends on denying health care to people who need it.…
Mauna Kea is sacred to Native Hawaiian people. The Hawaiians who have been protesting construction of the Thirty Meter Telescope are trying to protect a sacred site from further desecration. I stand in solidarity with them.  
Tomorrow, I’ll be standing in solidarity with at DCA. When workers fight, workers win. Let’s make our voices heard! 
I warned about an economic crash years before the 2008 crisis. But the people with the power to stop it didn’t listen—and families lost it all. When I look at the economy today, I see a lot to worry about again. The good news is that we can head off a crisis—and I've got a plan. 
George, I see you and the thousands of home health care workers who deserve a living wage. No American should work full-time and live in poverty—that’s why I’m in the fight to increase the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. 
 When I ran for Congress in 2006, I could see signs of the looming disaster as sale signs ; foreclosures peppered the nei…
 It was great chatting with you, Tiffany!
My bill with would have made pay double and ensured more relief for people who were hurt. And my Corporate Executive Accountability plan could have held Equifax executives criminally liable. We need more accountability.
 exposed nearly 150 million Americans' data, lied about their recklessness, and tried to make money off the scandal. We must go even further to hold Equifax accountable than current law allows—and I have a plan for that. 
I stand with the people of Puerto Rico as they continue to make their voices heard. 
“Vowing to hold to account the billionaire family whose pharmaceutical company fueled the opioid epidemic, Sen. Elizabeth Warren and Rep. Elijah Cummings on Wednesday unveiled a sweeping plan to help end the crisis that kills tens of thousands of Americans per year.”
“Dozens of voters filled a Salem home to hear from the Massachusetts senator, who said the 2020 election is America's big chance to make changes in Washington.”
“We must recognize that addiction is a medical issue and not a moral failing – and it’s time that we take real action to tackle the opioid epidemic, providing treatment to those who need it and investing in the science that will help us fight back.”
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second  in Detroit on July 30. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before tonight’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second  in Detroit on July 30. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before tonight’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second  in Detroit on July 30. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before tonight’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second  in Detroit on July 30. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before tonight’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second  in Detroit on July 30. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before tonight’s midnight deadline!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second  in Detroit on July 30. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered before tonight’s midnight deadline!
Betsy DeVos is the worst education secretary we’ve ever had. We need someone who will actually fight for our students, which is why I’ve pledged to nominate a former public school teacher to lead in a Warren administration. 
The warning lights are flashing. Whether it’s this year or next year, the odds of another economic downturn are high. This time, though, we can head it off. Congress and regulators should act immediately.
With an economy this vulnerable, we need to reduce the odds of the potential shocks that can send us into another downturn. That means Congress should eliminate the debt ceiling ; the Trump administration should replace its trade-war-by-tweet with China with a coherent strategy.
We need to strengthen manufacturing by investing in it instead of undercutting it. My Green Manufacturing plan will invest $2 trillion in American green research, manufacturing, and exporting over the next decade, creating more than a million new American jobs.
Next, we have to tackle corporate debt. After the 2008 crisis, Congress created the Financial Stability Oversight Council to monitor market risks. But the Trump-era FSOC is falling down on the job. The FSOC should meet to discuss these risks and announce a plan to address them.
First, we can reduce household debt by raising wages and bringing down household costs. My plans tackle both sides of this problem, from raising the minimum wage to $15 to canceling student debt and making housing more affordable: 
The good news is that we have the chance to head off a crisis, just like we had the chance to head it off in 2008, if we take bold action now to address the underlying problems in our economy. Here's what we need to do:
Our country’s economic foundation is fragile, and a single shock could bring it all down. Trump's reckless behavior makes that shock more likely. Financial markets and experts agree: We face a serious risk of another recession by the end of 2021—maybe even by the end of 2020.
Despite Donald Trump’s promises of a manufacturing “renaissance,” the country is now in a manufacturing recession. For the first time ever, the hourly wage for manufacturing workers has dropped below the national average.
Corporations are deeply in debt and taking risky loans, spreading that risk throughout our financial system. These high-risk loans look a lot like pre-2008 sub-prime mortgages: poorly underwritten and with minimal protections, packaged up and sold to investors.
I know it sounds stark, but here's what I see today: Families are taking on more debt than ever, thanks to a generation of stagnant wages and rising costs. Student debt has more than doubled since 2008. More than 30% of American adults have debts in collection right now.
I warned about an economic crash years before the 2008 crisis, but the people in power wouldn’t listen. Now I’m seeing serious warning signs again—and I’m calling for action before another crisis costs America’s families their homes, jobs, and savings. 
I had a terrific time with Mike (our “Grab a Beer* With Elizabeth” contest winner) and his wife, Linda, from Elma, New York! We had beer and iced tea at my house, then grabbed dinner down the street. Bruce had a lot of fun and Bailey got to meet his new friend! 
Ricardo Rosselló must listen to the people of Puerto Rico and resign. 
Cleaning up before meeting some new friends tonight! 
After the big banks crashed our economy, the was the big, structural change our country needed. Now, the Trump administration is on a mission to destroy it. I’ll keep fighting for consumers—today, and as president of the United States.
Today the turns 8! I helped President Obama create an agency that would protect consumers—and that’s exactly what happened. The CFPB has forced financial companies to return an estimated $12 billion to the people. 
It’s time to tackle Washington corruption head-on. And yes, I’ve got a plan for that! 
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $5 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $5 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $5 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $5 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $5 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $5 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
It was Kelly—and I agree with her! You should share your achievements proudly. Keep your head up, and I can’t wait to see where life takes you next. 
But above all, it's time to end unnecessary detention. Read my full plan for a more humane and fair immigration reform here: 
This is good news—but Chin should never have been held in solitary confinement. My plan for immigration reform would end solitary confinement, enforce strict standards for medical care, and provide extra layers of protection for LGBTQ+ people. 
If you made it big, you should have to put a little back in to help everyone else make it, too. My  on the wealthiest 0.1% of Americans would help level the playing field for everyone. 
I've been traveling across the country talking about the change I'm fighting for—which means I've been through a lot of airports. I'm grateful every day for these workers, and they deserve a wage that can keep their families out of poverty. I'm proud to join protest. 
The Apollo 11 mission is a perfect reminder that if we dream big enough, fight hard enough, and invest in American ingenuity, we can accomplish incredible things. In fact, we can protect our planet for generations to come.
That's why I’ve proposed a Green Apollo Program to tackle climate change head on, including $400 billion in government funding over the next 10 years for clean energy research and development—more than 10 times what we invested in the last 10 years. 
President Kennedy knew that we didn’t have the technology to achieve this goal at first—and his commitment spurred a decade of scientific and technological mobilization leading up to the moon landing. To tackle climate change today, we need to make another bold commitment.
Fifty years ago today, our country put Americans on the moon. At first it seemed impossible, but we got it done because our government made bold investments in science, innovation, and American workers. 
I'm proud to stand with RNs as they fight for a union with Hopkins management must respect their right to organize without interference, harassment, or intimidation. 
People ask me how I stay energized on the trail (I don’t drink coffee). Here’s the answer: Grassroots supporters like you! If you’re dreaming big, fighting hard, and ready to win in 2020, then chip in to my campaign. We can only do this together. 
We need to build a lasting foundation for LGBTQ+ rights so everyone can feel safe to be who they are. I’m honored to work alongside in this fight. 
Zero. This is cruel and inhumane. America should not turn away good people fleeing from violence and suffering. A Warren administration will increase the number of refugees that we welcome into the United States. 
 "We need to build a lasting foundation for LGBTQ+ rights until each and every person feels safe to be who they are and t…
 Thank you for fighting to expand, never cut, Social Security's modest benefits! 
 You're absolutely right, Charlotte. Your confidence and grace inspires me, and I promise I'll continue fighting every step of the way until every trans American can live their best lives, free of fear and discrimination.
I've been standing with the people of Puerto Rico in their protests against corruption and their governor’s behavior. The people have spoken—loud and clear: should resign. 
Big Pharma and corporate greed are root causes of the opioid epidemic. That’s why I proposed the CARE Act with Rep. Elijah Cummings to hold drug executives accountable and invest in our communities so we can end this crisis.
Private equity firms are destroying our free press. They buy newspapers like the Monterey Herald for cheap, cut the staff, and bleed them dry. My new plan to hold Wall Street accountable would end this looting. 
Thank you for a fantastic night, Sioux City. This is how we’re going to do it—together. 
Eugene Scalia spent his career putting giant corporations over American workers. This should concern anyone who believes that the Department of Labor should protect workers’ rights—not corporate interests. The Senate must reject his nomination for Secretary of Labor. 
In just a few minutes, I’ll be live at presidential forum. Tune in to be part of our conversation: 
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to the meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to the meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to the meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to the meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to the meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to the meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to meet Elizabeth at the second Democratic presidential primary debate in Detroit. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!
For generations, our government’s redlining policies prevented Black families from owning a home—and the effects are still being felt today. My plan for fair housing confronts this racist legacy head on. 
Let’s be real. Private equity firms are like vampires—bleeding companies dry and walking away enriched. My new plan reins in these monsters to save our economy. 
That’s right, Sara. We’re in this fight together. 
I agree with Lori all the way. The Fair Workweek Ordinance would help level the playing field for working families in Chicago. Thank you for sharing your mother’s story! 
I had a great time visiting the painters training facility. Unions built the middle class—and unions will rebuild the middle class. I'm proud to be fighting alongside you! 
 Thank you so much, Claire. I’m grateful for your time and your support!
For decades, Washington has lived by one rule: If it’s good for Wall Street, it’s good for the economy. Today in Sioux City, Iowa, I talked about my new plan to change that rule. 
Wall Street is scared. That’s why the big banks are building a “political machine” to keep Washington in their vice grip. I’m fighting back—and I’ve got a new plan to end Wall Street’s stranglehold on our economy. 
We just learned who Elizabeth will be on stage with when she debates on July 30th. Chip in now to let her know you’ve got her back.
We just learned who Elizabeth will be on stage with when she debates on July 30th. Chip in now to let her know you’ve got her back.
We just learned who Elizabeth will be on stage with when she debates on July 30th. Chip in now to let her know you’ve got her back.
Grateful for another chance to talk about our grassroots movement at Democratic presidential debate on July 30th. I’m fired up for big, structural change—let’s do this!
As I head back to Iowa today, I’m thinking about farmers who have faced extreme flooding and billions in damage to their communities this year. Climate change is real and it’s here. Here's just one of my plans to make a  a reality:  
Each  is a chance for Elizabeth to speak directly to voters across the country. But we need our ground game—organizers and volunteers hosting watch parties, talking with voters, and welcoming new supporters—to back her up. Chip in now to help make that possible.
This next  is a chance for millions of Americans to hear about our plans for big, structural change. We want to show them that our grassroots movement is stronger than ever. Will you make a donation today to power our movement?
Each  is a chance for Elizabeth to speak directly to voters across the country. But we need our ground game—organizers and volunteers hosting watch parties, talking with voters, and welcoming new supporters—to back her up. Chip in now to help make that possible.
This next  is a chance for millions of Americans to hear about our plans for big, structural change. We want to show them that our grassroots movement is stronger than ever. Will you make a donation today to power our movement?
Each  is a chance for Elizabeth to speak directly to voters across the country. But we need our ground game—organizers and volunteers hosting watch parties, talking with voters, and welcoming new supporters—to back her up. Chip in now to help make that possible.
This next  is a chance for millions of Americans to hear about our plans for big, structural change. We want to show them that our grassroots movement is stronger than ever. Will you make a donation today to power our movement?
When I was a kid, a minimum-wage job could support a family of three. Today it won’t keep a mom and her baby out of poverty. I’m glad to see the House pass the  to increase the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. Now the Senate must act.
I’m glad to see elected as chair of board! We’ll need her trailblazing leadership heading into 2020 as we work to elect Democrats up and down the ballot. 
 Thank you so proud to be fighting alongside you!
Students shouldn’t have to worry about going hungry. Our new bill will help the nearly one in three college students who are food insecure. 
Read this thread. These tactics make a handful of Wall Street managers very rich, but are costing thousands of people their jobs, putting valuable companies out of business, and hurting communities across the country. 
We need a 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act that would rebuild the wall between commercial banks and investment banks. If banks want to engage in higher-risk investment banking, they should be forced to bear the full risk of their investment decisions. Sign up now if you agree.
To raise wages, help small businesses, and spur economic growth, we need to shut down the Wall Street giveaways and rein in the financial industry so it stops sucking money out of the rest of the economy. If you want Wall Street to start serving the rest of the economy, sign up.
 against attacks from this racist president, and we should all remember this definition of patriotism. 
Letting financial firms run wild is undermining our economy. I am done with Washington ignoring the evidence and acting as if boosting Wall Street helps families. It's time to stop the looting, boost wages, grow our economy, and rein in Wall Street.
I’ve spent a lot of my career studying how financial firms make money by tricking and trapping families. And after I proposed a new federal agency to protect consumers, I spent nearly a year setting up the and helping write new rules to crack down on financial scams.
Finally, Wall Street sucks money away from companies that need it to grow. My Accountable Capitalism Act would end big companies catering to the short-term interests of Wall Street and let our companies focus on long-term growth and their obligations to workers.
Too many families face a choice of paying a late fee on their bills, an overdraft fee to the bank, or a sky-high interest rate to a payday lender while waiting on checks. The government should adopt real-time payment technology so families don't have to wait for checks to clear.
I’ve spent years advocating for postal banking—allowing the United States Postal Service to partner with local community banks and credit unions to provide access to low-cost, basic banking services. As President, I’ll make it happen by appointing people committed to the cause.
It's also time to push our financial system back to its core purpose—giving people a place to put their money ; connecting savers with borrowers. Our system doesn’t serve a huge slice of the country: 25% of American households don’t have adequate access to a simple bank account.
And we need to end the system where bankers can make huge bonuses if risky bets pay off but lose nothing if they fail. I'll appoint regulators who will impose tough new rules to rein in banker pay.
First, we should enact my 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act, which rebuilds the wall between commercial and investment banks and ends taxpayer subsidies for excessive risk-taking and speculation.
Next, my plan would address the incentives that fuel useless speculation that can make bankers rich but undermines the rest of the economy. Washington has encouraged this speculation with giveaways, subsidies, and lax rules. I want to end these practices immediately.
My plan starts by ending this looting and fundamentally changing the industry. Private equity firms will only make money if the company succeeds. And if they make bad investments, they'll be held accountable instead of walking away with millions.
Just look at the private equity industry. They buy companies and bleed them dry. And when the company fails, the Wall Street guys walk away with millions while workers are left holding the bag. It's legalized looting.
Study after study shows that, past a certain point, a growing financial sector hurts the rest of the economy by extracting money from it. And America is way past that point.
For decades, Washington has lived by a simple rule: If it’s good for Wall Street, it’s good for the economy. But it just isn’t true. Big banks are making record profits and handing out huge bonuses as average wages barely budge.
Wall Street is looting the economy—and Washington is helping them do it. I’m tired of big financial firms padding their own pockets while the rest of the economy suffers, and that’s why I’ve got a plan to end it: 
We must call out those who remain silent. We must initiate impeachment proceedings to hold him accountable. And we must build an unstoppable grassroots movement that resoundingly defeats not just Trump, but complicit Republicans everywhere.
This president is desperate. Calling out his racism, xenophobia, and misogyny is imperative. But he’s trying to divide us and distract from his own crimes, and from his deeply unpopular agenda of letting the wealthy and well-connected rip off the country. We must do more.
On  let’s recommit to HIV research and treatment, and work to ensure that everyone has access to PrEP, HIV testing, and other vital health care services. 
Our fight for a federal minimum wage will not come at the cost of employment for Americans with disabilities. Creating a false choice between the two is cruel and ableist. Americans with disabilities are Americans deserving of equal pay and opportunity. 
“Senator Elizabeth Warren has set herself apart with a series of sweeping proposals that would significantly remake the American economy, covering everything from tax policy to student debt relief and offering a detailed portrait of what her presidency might look like.”
“Senator Elizabeth Warren has set herself apart with a series of sweeping proposals that would significantly remake the American economy, covering everything from tax policy to student debt relief and offering a detailed portrait of what her presidency might look like.”
“Warren told attendees, who held up ‘Warren for Nevada’ signs handed out by campaign staff, about growing up in a home where her mother supported the family with a minimum wage job after her father suffered a heart attack that took him away from his work.”
Looking forward to being a part of candidate forum this Friday. I’m in this fight for our seniors all the way—and that includes fighting for Social Security, lower drug prices, and more.  
"‘I believe that farms, particularly family farms, independent farms, here in Iowa can be a big part of the solution,’ Warren said. ‘We should be investing in helping those farms make sure that they are a part of cleaning up and improving our environment.’"
“Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren promised to break up big agricultural businesses to end their ‘stranglehold’ over farmers and mount an antitrust challenge to reverse the merger of Bayer AG with seed and biotechnology company Monsanto.”
“Presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren's trip to Fairfield Sunday was originally planned as an intimate political house party, but more Iowans than expected wanted to hear the senator from Massachusetts out.”
"’I believe that farms, particularly family farms, independent farms, here in Iowa can be a big part of the solution,’ Warren said. ‘We should be investing in helping those farms make sure that they are a part of cleaning up and improving our environment.’"
 It was terrific meeting you, Marvell! Grateful to be in this fight alongside you (and I like your new profile photo).
 “It looks like we’re trying to solve a lot of different problems, but we’re only trying to solve one problem. It’s the rigg…
Voting should be safe and easy for everyone, including Americans with disabilities. Throughout National Disability Voter Registration Week, we must recommit to ensuring that everyone’s voice is heard in our democracy. 
Last month, I went to a migrant detention center in Florida. I saw children being treated like prisoners. We must clean up the mess at the border, reverse Donald Trump’s vile policies, and build a fair immigration system. Here’s my plan to make it happen:  
Last weekend at I was very clear: When I’m president of the United States, we will end the criminal abuse of immigrants and hold the Trump administration responsible for its cruelty. 
My own family plunged deep into debt when my daddy had a heart attack. Health care is a basic human right — and it’s time to fight for it. I’m proud to support Medicare for All in the Senate. Add your name if you agree that it’s time to fight for Medicare for All.
I stand with Puerto Ricans who are taking to the streets this week to protest government corruption ; Governor deeply offensive comments. His actions are hurtful ; undermine the public trust. He must answer to the Puerto Rican people. 
Toxic chemicals are contaminating communities in New Hampshire and throughout our country—and Donald Trump's corrupt EPA isn’t moving fast enough to help. Enough. We need real action now to clean up contamination and keep our communities safe. 
Why not both of us? I’ll be looking for your campaign in 2040! 
The American people shouldn’t have to wonder if our Department of Defense is working for them or for giant defense contractors. Mark Esper won’t fully address his conflicts of interest, and it’s a big red flag. 
Every time I meet a grassroots supporter, I feel grateful down to my bones. Person by person and plan by plan, we’re building a movement to make our country work for working people. Will you join this fight and chip in $3 today? 
I read all 448 pages of the Mueller report the day it came out three months ago. When I finished it, I called for impeachment. No one is above the law, and that includes the president of the United States. 
Race matters—and we need to call it out. Black Americans are more likely to be arrested, wrongfully convicted, and serve longer sentences than white Americans. We must end mass incarceration and fix our broken criminal justice system. 
 Here are Know Your Rights in Haitian Kreyol and Spanish.  Share and spread the word.  
I’m fighting for an America where everybody gets an opportunity. An opportunity for a great education, an opportunity for a good job, an opportunity to marry the person you love and maybe start a family or buy a home. 
 Mientras la administración de Trump continúa amenazando a nuestras familias con la deportación, debemos CONOCER NUESTR…
 Be prepared and   
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a big bank executive who cheats and defrauds Americans can get a bonus. The words above the Supreme Court say "Equal Justice Under Law"—we need to start acting like it.
This is an injustice. We have a responsibility to protect our citizens—and to hold police accountable when they fail. No one is safe in a country with a broken criminal justice system. My heart goes out to Eric Garner's family today. 
Good. 
 What a guy!
This is another targeted, xenophobic attack from the Trump administration. As president, I’ll reinstate TPS designations and Deferred Enforced Departure to protect those at risk back in their home countries, including migrants from Central America. 
This rule silences doctors and puts women's lives at risk. I stand with in their fight to overturn these punitive regulations. A Warren administration will protect the right to choose. Here's how:  
You may have heard, but I’ve got a plan (several, actually) for that! 
 Activists have been protesting Donald Trump’s cruel immigration policies for months. joined activists in Florida b…
I’d never been to a national convention before 2012. My heart was hammering and my mouth was dry. I was in the homestretch of my Senate race, and I was still behind. But after a few seconds, I took a deep breath. I looked at the crowd—this was our moment. 
Our elections should be as secure as Fort Knox. But instead, they’re less secure than your Amazon account. We need to protect our democracy—and I’ve got a plan to do just that:  
We all use Facebook, Amazon, and Google. But in their rise to power, they’ve bulldozed competition, used our private information for profit, and tilted the playing field in their favor. It’s time to break them up so they don’t have so much power over everyone else. Sign on today.
We all use Facebook, Amazon, and Google. But in their rise to power, they’ve bulldozed competition, used our private information for profit, and tilted the playing field in their favor. It’s time to break them up so they don’t have so much power over everyone else. Sign on today.
We all use Facebook, Amazon, and Google. But in their rise to power, they’ve bulldozed competition, used our private information for profit, and tilted the playing field in their favor. It’s time to break them up so they don’t have so much power over everyone else. Sign on today.
We all use Facebook, Amazon, and Google. But in their rise to power, they’ve bulldozed competition, used our private information for profit, and tilted the playing field in their favor. It’s time to break them up so they don’t have so much power over everyone else. Sign on today.
Giant corporations like Amazon have too much power—in fact, nearly half of all e-commerce goes through Amazon. My administration will make big, structural changes to the tech sector to promote more competition—including breaking up Amazon, Facebook, and Google.  
I fully support Amazon workers' Prime Day strike. Their fight for safe and reliable jobs is another reminder that we must come together to hold big corporations accountable. 
Will you sign my petition to make it clear that we won’t shy away from holding the Trump administration accountable for their abuses? We’re going to fight these human rights violations with everything we’ve got. And we won’t ever back down. 
When people come to our borders desperate—people whose lives have been turned upside down, people trying to build a better future—we need to treat them with humanity, and we need to follow the law.
Trump may look the other way—but President Elizabeth Warren will not. I'll launch a task force in the Department of Justice to investigate the Trump administration’s criminal abuses at the border, and we’ll hold perpetrators accountable. Here’s the plan: 
I’ve got a message for the Trump administration: When you physically abuse immigrants, sexually abuse immigrants, or refuse to supply immigrants with the medical care that they need, you break the law of the United States of America.
Woo-hoo!  we persist Honored to be fighting alongside you all. 
I always have a “Mr. Rogers moment” when I put on my sneaks. 
Babies and toddlers belong with their families—full stop. The Trump administration is morally bankrupt and I’m fighting their cruelty every step of the way.  
 It was great meeting you, Tom. Unions should be quick and easy to join—and we can’t win if we don’t fight.
Let’s be clear about what this vile comment is: A racist and xenophobic attack on Democratic congresswomen. This *is* their country, regardless of whether or not Trump realizes it. They should be treated with respect. As president, I’ll make sure of it. 
 I sure do! Conan, DM me and we'll get it sorted out.
 Thank you, Marielena. Grateful to be in the fight for a more humane immigration system alongside you.
Immigrant families, working families, families on the ragged edge of the middle class—when I’m president, I promise to fight for your family as hard as I fight for mine. Will you chip in $3 or whatever you can to help our grassroots movement keep fighting? 
Grateful down to my toes for the opportunity to talk with and listen to this powerful group of activists. 
Trump has taken our immigration system to its most punitive extreme. In a Warren administration, we’ll right his wrongs. And we’ll start by holding those responsible for the abuses perpetrated against immigrants during the Trump Era accountable. 
 “No great nation tears people apart, no great nation locks up children. We should respect the dignity of every human b…
 Thank you, Graham! We’re going to do this together.
 It was an honor to spend time with you and your niece this afternoon.
Thank you, I’m fighting for the big, structural change our country needs to succeed—and that starts with growing our grassroots movement together. 
Donald Trump may be willing to look the other way while criminal abuses toward immigrants pile up, but make no mistake: President Elizabeth Warren will not.  
In just a few minutes, I’ll be live at talking about my plans for big, structural change. Tune in!  
Thank you for sharing your story, Like you and so many other parents, I struggled to find high-quality, affordable child care for Amelia and Alex. It’s why I’ve got a plan for  
Yesterday in Milwaukee, I made it clear: Immigration makes America stronger—and I’ve got a plan to remake our broken immigration system from top to bottom. 
My plan to reform the State Department would end the practice of auctioning off American diplomacy to the highest bidder. Trump may think a fat wallet qualifies someone to represent our country abroad—but I don’t. 
Wow—thank you, Milwaukee! It was wonderful talking with everyone who came out to our town hall last night. I’m grateful for every person, family, and community getting in this fight for big, structural change. 
 Now more than ever, we need everyone to know: WE HAVE RIGHTS.Share our  guides in multiple languages.Know Your…
 4 steps if you witness an raid: 1. Do not walk away.2. Get your phone out. 3. Record4. Report it at 1-844-363-1423…
 The separation of families is STILL happening more than a year after Trump’s “zero tolerance” policy was put into action.…
Thank you for having me last night, We had a fantastic conversation about protecting the rights of our immigrant communities. 
After Patrick Pizzella lobbied against labor laws in the Northern Mariana Islands so that companies could run sweatshops, I opposed his nomination for Deputy Secretary of Labor. Picking him as Acting Secretary is yet another slap in the face to American workers. 
El presidente Trump ha usado la deportación como un arma costosa, ineficaz y diseñado para maximizar el dolor. Acabemos con eso. Como presidenta, voy a despenalizar la migración para enfocar la aplicación de la ley a acciones delictivas graves. Regístrate si estás conmigo.
Necesitamos una reforma migratoria que asegure nuestras fronteras, que se enfoque en las causas de la migración y que de un camino hacia la ciudadanía para que nuestros vecinos no vivan con miedo. Regístrate y únete a nuestra lucha por un sistema de inmigración justo.
El presidente Trump ha usado la deportación como un arma costosa, ineficaz y diseñado para maximizar el dolor. Acabemos con eso. Como presidenta, voy a despenalizar la migración para enfocar la aplicación de la ley a acciones delictivas graves. Regístrate si estás conmigo.
Necesitamos una reforma migratoria que asegure nuestras fronteras, que se enfoque en las causas de la migración y que de un camino hacia la ciudadanía para que nuestros vecinos no vivan con miedo. Regístrate y únete a nuestra lucha por un sistema de inmigración justo.
It made me think about my family, too, how my mother would work her grocery list to squeeze out every last nickel. In that moment, I knew Bruce and I would be bound to each other forever. And when I proposed to him, he said yes. Happy anniversary, Bruce! I love you. 
One day at the grocery store soon after we first met, I saw Bruce gazing at the strawberry display. I said, “We can get some if you want!” He smiled, picked up a carton, and told me he was thinking about his family. “We didn’t eat things like fresh strawberries,” he explained.
Grateful down to my toes to have you in this fight alongside me, 
I stand in solidarity with activists around the world shining a light on the inhumane practices at our border. We must ban for-profit detention centers and treat immigrants with the dignity and respect they deserve. 
I’m deeply saddened to hear that Héctor Figueroa—a tireless fighter for workers and unions—has passed. Héctor’s leadership as president of deeply inspired me, and I’m honored to have known him. 
I’m praying for New Orleans and its resilient people as they brace for major flooding from Tropical Storm  Climate change is an existential threat—and we must take action now.
Then we must go a step further: Universal free public college and the cancellation of student debt for 95% of Americans who carry it. My plan would fix the student loan debt crisis—and prevent another one from happening again. 
But under watch, fewer than 1% of borrowers who applied to the program have had their loans forgiven.I stand with in fighting back and making things right for these borrowers. 
When thousands of public servants were at risk of being denied federal student loan relief, I pushed back. I helped expand the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program by $700M to help teachers, firefighters, and other Americans get the relief they earned. 
Good. 
 Thank you, Derrick. Looking forward to chatting with you soon!
Grateful to be a part of the 110th annual convention! 
My immigration reforms tackle Donald Trump’s cruel policies and our broken immigration system head-on. We need a rules-based system that is fair, humane, and reflects our values. 
 plan will create a fair; achievable path to citizenship: It will Protect Dreamers,TPS ; Deferred Enforced Depart…
The Trump administration’s cruelty runs bone-deep. A Warren administration will not rip families apart to try and score political points. 
 Immigrants like me and my own family have built this country and are what make America great. knows that to…
Immigrants are woven into the fabric of our country—and they are  
As president, I will immediately reinstate the DACA program and expand protections for our Dreamers and their families, to provide a measure of protection while pursuing a path to citizenship. Read my plan for a fair immigration system.
As president, I will reject exclusionary policies based on race, religion and nationality. On my first day in office, I'll reverse Trump’s bigoted Muslim Ban. Read my plan for a fair immigration system.
As president, I will reject exclusionary policies based on race, religion and nationality. On my first day in office, I'll reverse Trump’s bigoted Muslim Ban.   Read my plan for a fair immigration system.
President Trump has weaponized deportation in ways that are costly and designed to maximize pain. It’s time to end this cruelty. As president, I will decriminalize migration and refocus enforcement on serious criminal activity. Read my plan for a fair immigration system.
We need immigration reform that provides cost-effective security at our borders, addresses the root causes of migration, and provides a path to status and citizenship so that our neighbors don’t have to live in fear. Read my plan for a fair immigration system.
 With the news that we're on raid alert 🚨 again. Please continue to SHARE this info widely with your family, friends and co…
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. I have a plan for that — and I have a plan to win.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. And we’ll win for all Americans.
President Trump has weaponized deportation in ways that are costly, ineffective, and designed to maximize pain. It’s time to end this cruelty. Here’s my plan to do just that:  
 ICE will launch raids across 10 major cities this SUNDAY.Check your neighbors ; know your rights.Remember: no one can enter yo…
 🚨 WE HAVE TO PROTECT IMMIGRANTS!! 🚨 SHARE widely, our community needs to know what are our rights.  Transla…
We need big, structural change in our immigration system. Today, I announced my plan for fair, humane immigration reform that reflects our values. Read the plan and join our fight:  
This ruling on  is part of a targeted attack on women with low incomes and women of color by right-wing ideologues. We must pass new federal laws that protect access to reproductive health care. I have a plan for that:  
Necesitamos un cambio estructural: un sistema de inmigración justo que preserve nuestra seguridad, ayude a crecer nuestra economía y refleje nuestros valores.
Trabajaré con el Congreso para aprobar una reforma de inmigración de gran alcance, pero también estoy lista para ejercer el poder ejecutivo si se niegan a actuar.
No podemos enfrentar la migración hasta que no enfrentemos sus causas—pobreza, cambio climático, violencia e injusticia. Como presidenta, restauraré e incrementaré esfuerzos para enfrentar el crimen transnacional. Y mi administración protegerá a las personas que busquen asilo.
Trabajaré para expandir la inmigración legal e implementaré acciones ejecutivas para proteger a los Dreamers y aquellos que han formado sus vidas en nuestro país, mientras trabajamos para crear una solución legislativa que asegure una ruta justa y asequible a la naturalización.
Nuestras leyes y valores nos impulsan a ayudar a los que huyen de la violencia y la opresión. Como presidenta, rechazaré las políticas de exclusión basadas en raza, religión o nacionalidad. En mi primer día, revertiré la política racista de la prohibición de los musulmanes.
Eliminaremos la expulsión rápida y proveeremos el debido proceso bajo la ley para inmigrantes enfrentando deportación, garantizando que tengan vistas en la corte y dándoles acceso a consultoría legal.
Acabaré con la detención innecesaria, enfocando estos esfuerzos en personas que presenten un riesgo de fuga o riesgos a la seguridad de otros. Y, para prevenir abusos futuros en nuestro sistema de inmigración, mi administración establecerá cortes independientes de inmigración.
Reduciré la detención de manera drástica. Separar a las familias y detener a los vulnerables es costoso, inhumano, y se ha comprobado que no tiene un efecto disuasivo.
Mi administración exigirá la rendición de cuentas por los abusos cometidos bajo la administración de Trump. Designaré un grupo de trabajo en el DOJ para investigar acusaciones graves y les daré autoridad independiente para que puedan presentar denuncias penales.
Las agencias de inmigración deberían proteger a los estadounidenses y defender nuestras leyes, en vez de dedicarse a perseguir políticas punitivas y anti inmigratorias que afectan—mayormente—a las comunidades de color. Como presidenta, reconstruiré el CBP y ICE de pies a cabeza.
Entrar al país sin autorización siempre ha sido una violación civil bajo la ley de inmigración, pero gracias a un ex senador segregacionista, también es una violación criminal. Esto es innecesario para la seguridad fronteriza y deberíamos eliminar esta prohibición criminal.
Mi plan comienza por eliminar el cumplimiento de la ley de manera abusiva. Trump ha usado la deportación como un arma costosa, ineficaz y diseñada para maximizar el dolor. Como presidenta de los Estados Unidos, acabaré con esta crueldad.
Los inmigrantes son nuestros vecinos, colegas y amigos. Son tan parte de EE.UU. como aquellas personas que han nacido en este país. Nuestro sistema de inmigración debería ser justo, humano y debería reflejar nuestros valores. Nuestros vecinos no deberían vivir con miedo.
Trump ha llevado nuestro sistema de inmigración al extremo más punitivo. Sus políticas racistas se basan en un sistema roto y una infraestructura del cumplimiento de la ley que es abusiva. Hoy anuncio mi plan para reformar nuestro sistema de inmigración. 
I’ll work with Congress to pass broad-reaching reform, but I’m also prepared to move forward with executive action if they refuse to act. We need big, structural change: A fair immigration system that preserves our security, grows our economy, and reflects our values.
But we cannot fully address migration until we address its root causes—poverty, climate change, violence and injustice. As president, I’ll restore and increase aid and step up efforts to address transnational crime. And my administration will protect those seeking refuge here.
I’ll also work to expand legal immigration and take executive action to provide a measure of protection for our Dreamers and those who have built careers and families here, while pursuing a legislative solution that provides a fair and achievable path to citizenship.
Our laws and our values compel us to help those fleeing violence and oppression. As president, I’ll reject exclusionary policies based on race, religion and nationality, and I’ll reverse Trump’s bigoted Muslim Ban on my first day in office.
To prevent future abuses of our immigration system, my administration will establish independent immigration courts. We'll eliminate expedited removal and provide due process for immigrants facing deportation, guaranteeing hearings and providing access to counsel.
Next, I’ll significantly reduce immigration detention. Separating families and detaining the vulnerable is expensive, inhumane, and has no proven deterrent effect. I’ll end unnecessary detention, detaining only those who pose a safety risk, and stop for-profit detention entirely.
And my administration will demand accountability for the abuse committed under the Trump administration. I'll set up a DOJ task force to investigate accusations of serious violations and give it independent authority to pursue any criminal allegations.
Our immigration agencies should protect Americans and uphold the rule of law, not pursue punitive anti-immigrant policies that target communities of color. As president, I'll reshape CBP and ICE from top to bottom.
Entering the country without authorization has always been a violation of civil immigration law, but thanks to a former segregationist senator, it’s also a criminal violation. This is totally unnecessary for border security, and we should repeal the criminal prohibition.
My plan starts with eliminating abusive enforcement. Trump has weaponized deportation in ways that are costly, ineffective, and designed to maximize pain. As president, I will end this cruelty.
Immigrants are our neighbors, our colleagues, and our friends—and every bit as much a part of America as those who were born in the United States. Our immigration system must be fair, humane, and reflect our values. Our neighbors shouldn’t have to live in fear.
President Trump has taken our immigration system to its most punitive extreme, but his racist policies build on a broken system and an enforcement infrastructure already primed for abuse. Today, I'm announcing my plan to reform our immigration system. 
As president, I will immediately reinstate the DACA program and expand protections for our Dreamers and their families, to provide a measure of protection while pursuing a path to citizenship. Sign up now if you’re with me in this fight.
President Trump has weaponized deportation in ways that are costly, ineffective, and designed to maximize pain. It’s time to end this cruelty. As president, I will decriminalize migration and refocus enforcement on serious criminal activity. Sign up if you're with me.
We need immigration reform that provides cost-effective security at our borders, addresses the root causes of migration, and provides a path to status and citizenship so that our neighbors don’t have to live in fear. Sign up to join our fight for a fair immigration system.
As president, I will reject exclusionary policies based on race, religion and nationality. On my first day in office, I'll reverse Trump’s bigoted Muslim Ban. Sign up now if you agree that it’s time to end the Muslim Ban.
As president, I will immediately reinstate the DACA program and expand protections for our Dreamers and their families, to provide a measure of protection while pursuing a path to citizenship. Sign up now if you’re with me in this fight.
As president, I will reject exclusionary policies based on race, religion and nationality. On my first day in office, I'll reverse Trump’s bigoted Muslim Ban. Sign up now if you agree that it’s time to end the Muslim Ban.
President Trump has weaponized deportation in ways that are costly, ineffective, and designed to maximize pain. It’s time to end this cruelty. As president, I will decriminalize migration and refocus enforcement on serious criminal activity. Sign up if you're with me.
President Trump has weaponized deportation in ways that are costly, ineffective, and designed to maximize pain. It’s time to end this cruelty. As president, I will decriminalize migration and refocus enforcement on serious criminal activity. Sign up if you're with me.
We need immigration reform that provides cost-effective security at our borders, addresses the root causes of migration, and provides a path to status and citizenship so that our neighbors don’t have to live in fear. Sign up to join our fight for a fair immigration system.
Right-wing extremists pushed to add a citizenship question to the Census to scare Latinx Americans and suppress the count in immigrant communities. As president, I will fight to ensure that every person is counted in the Census. If you’re with me, sign up now to fight back.
Right-wing extremists pushed to add a citizenship question to the Census to scare Latinx Americans and suppress the count in immigrant communities. As president, I will fight to ensure that every person is counted in the Census. If you’re with me, sign up now to fight back.
If the Trump admin somehow manages to get a citizenship question back on the Census, I will cancel that rigged Census and replace it with a fair one. And I promise that a Warren administration would never include a citizenship question on the Census. Sign up if you're with me.
If the Trump admin somehow manages to get a citizenship question back on the Census, I will cancel that rigged Census and replace it with a fair one. And I promise that a Warren administration would never include a citizenship question on the Census. Sign up if you're with me.
Like a lot of Americans, my life has had a lot of twists and turns. Here’s my story—from falling in love and dropping out of college, to chasing my dream of being a public school teacher. 
From the overflow to the front row, I’m so inspired by the energy in New Hampshire. Thankful for everyone who came out to our Peterborough town hall this week! 
 In her latest plan, takes on the carbon bubble by reintroducing the Climate Risk Disclosure Act, which would requir…
Let's call this what it really is: Exploitation for profit. We must put an end to for-profit immigration detention centers and private prisons, and I've got a plan to do just that:  
These stories are horrifying. Children are in danger. We need answers.
 I believe in you. Persist!
For a lot of candidates, “call time” means phoning millionaires and asking for big checks.Not me. I spend my “call time” thanking supporters and talking with voters. Our campaign is a 100% grassroots-funded movement, fueled by the people. 
We need to take bold action to attack climate change. I'm proud to support the  I've also got plans to invest in clean energy tech and to stop drilling and promote renewables on public lands. This plan is another tool we can use to attack climate change.
My Climate Risk Disclosure plan requires companies to publicly disclose both environmental ; financial climate-related risks to their business. Investors are already divesting from fossil fuel companies, and this will push more investors to divest and transition to clean energy.
Publicly traded companies have an obligation to share important information about their business. But right now they don't share much about how climate change might affect them, their customers, and their investors.
I've got a new plan to accelerate the transition to clean energy and combat climate change. I'm proud it has the support of former Vice President and and original authors of the Green New Deal. 
My mother’s minimum wage job at Sears saved our family after my daddy’s heart attack. In today’s America, it won’t keep a mama and baby out of poverty. We must raise the minimum wage to $15. Working families deserve living wages. 
 We’ll persist together!
Today, Republican lawmakers in VA ignored their responsibility to protect the people of their state from another mass shooting like the one in Virginia Beach. I stand behind leaders like who know what it takes to end this crisis. 
In this primary, we have a chance to build a 100% grassroots movement. Face to face, family by family, dollar by dollar, we’re gaining the momentum we’ll need come November 2020. Your contribution will make this movement stronger:  
The selfies are the best part! I’m grateful for every person who chips in a dollar here or an hour there to help grow this grassroots movement. This is how we’re going to win—together. 
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
The Democratic primary should not be decided by billionaires, whether they’re funding Super PACs or funding themselves. The strongest Democratic nominee in the general will have a coalition that’s powered by a grassroots movement.
Under my plan, there will be no more gerrymandering: states will be required to use independent redistricting commissions to draw federal congressional districts. If you're with me, sign up now.
Under my plan, there will be no more gerrymandering: states will be required to use independent redistricting commissions to draw federal congressional districts. If you're with me, sign up now.
Under my plan, federal elections will get state-of-the-art federal machines, federal ballots, and federal security. The federal government will replace insecure and outdated systems with hand-marked, voter-verified paper ballot machines. Sign up now to fight for our democracy.
Under my plan, federal elections will get state-of-the-art federal machines, federal ballots, and federal security. The federal government will replace insecure and outdated systems with hand-marked, voter-verified paper ballot machines. Sign up now to fight for our democracy.
For generations, our federal government denied Black and Brown families the same kinds of homeownership subsidies available to white families. My housing plan tackles the legacy of racist redlining head-on. 
I opposed Secretary Acosta's nomination, and voted against his confirmation. The last few days have only highlighted how ethically compromised and unfit to serve he is. Acosta must resign—now. 
 is a real fighter for working families in Kentucky and across the country. She inspired us in 2018, and now she’s running for the U.S. Senate. Go Amy! 
When a candidate tells you about all the things that aren’t possible, about how political calculations come first, they’re telling you something very important: they are telling you that they will not fight for you. Not me. I’m here to fight. Sign up now to join the fight.
When a candidate tells you about all the things that aren’t possible, about how political calculations come first, they’re telling you something very important: they are telling you that they will not fight for you. Not me. I’m here to fight. Sign up now to join the fight.
When a candidate tells you about all the things that aren’t possible, about how political calculations come first, they’re telling you something very important: they are telling you that they will not fight for you. Not me. I’m here to fight. Sign up now to join the fight.
I’ve been to 23 states and Puerto Rico since launching this grassroots campaign—and later this week, Wisconsin will make 24! I hope I’ll see you in Milwaukee on Thursday. 
No closed-door fundraisers. No D.C. lobbyists. No PACs of any kind. I’m incredibly grateful for every grassroots donor who is helping grow this campaign. Will you chip in $3 or whatever you can to keep up the momentum? I may even call to say thanks! 
At today’s town hall in Peterborough, we had a terrific conversation about how we can make our government and our economy actually work for the people of New Hampshire. Let’s do this together! 
For every dollar white men made in 2017:▪️ Black women made 61 cents▪️ Native women made 58 cents▪️ Latinas made 53 centsOn day one of a Warren administration, I will take executive action to boost wages for women of color. Here’s how: 
Thank you for your commitment to making gun reform front and center in this election. Gun violence is a public health crisis, and I’ll keep fighting alongside you for a safer future. The American people are lucky to have you in this fight.
I've got a plan to make sure that no president is above the law: Pass a law clarifying Congress’s intent that the Department of Justice can indict the President of the United States. If you agree, sign our petition now.
I've got a plan to make sure that no president is above the law: Pass a law clarifying Congress’s intent that the Department of Justice can indict the President of the United States. If you agree, sign our petition now.
I read the whole Mueller report. It's clear that Donald Trump obstructed an investigation into an attack on America and into his own behavior. Presidents are not above the law, and Congress has a constitutional duty to start impeachment proceedings. If you agree, add your name.
I read the whole Mueller report. It's clear that Donald Trump obstructed an investigation into an attack on America and into his own behavior. Presidents are not above the law, and Congress has a constitutional duty to start impeachment proceedings. If you agree, add your name.
  has a plan to save American workers from Neil Gorsuch.  
The first step to addressing the student debt crisis is to deal with the outstanding debt that's weighing down millions of families. My plan for broad student debt cancellation would cancel debt for more than 95% of the 45 million Americans with student loan debt. Join our fight.
The first step to addressing the student debt crisis is to deal with the outstanding debt that's weighing down millions of families. My plan for broad student debt cancellation would cancel debt for more than 95% of the 45 million Americans with student loan debt. Join our fight.
The Hyde Amendment harms the most vulnerable women and limits their ability to safely access abortion. When I’m president, I’ll fight like hell to overturn it. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to protect the women who are most vulnerable.
The Hyde Amendment harms the most vulnerable women and limits their ability to safely access abortion. When I’m president, I’ll fight like hell to overturn it. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to protect the women who are most vulnerable.
The Hyde Amendment harms the most vulnerable women and limits their ability to safely access abortion. When I’m president, I’ll fight like hell to overturn it. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to protect the women who are most vulnerable.
When I was growing up, before Roe v. Wade, people still got abortions. Some were lucky. Others weren’t. They all went through hell. The overwhelming majority of Americans have no desire to return to the world before Roe. Add your name if you’re ready to fight back.
When I was growing up, before Roe v. Wade, people still got abortions. Some were lucky. Others weren’t. They all went through hell. The overwhelming majority of Americans have no desire to return to the world before Roe. Add your name if you’re ready to fight back.
When I was growing up, before Roe v. Wade, people still got abortions. Some were lucky. Others weren’t. They all went through hell. The overwhelming majority of Americans have no desire to return to the world before Roe. Add your name if you’re ready to fight back.
Congress should pass new federal laws that protect access to reproductive care from right-wing ideologues in the states: federal laws that ensure real access to birth control and abortion care for all women. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to get this done.
Congress should pass new federal laws that protect access to reproductive care from right-wing ideologues in the states: federal laws that ensure real access to birth control and abortion care for all women. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to get this done.
Congress should pass new federal laws that protect access to reproductive care from right-wing ideologues in the states: federal laws that ensure real access to birth control and abortion care for all women. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to get this done.
Our criminal and immigration systems are tearing apart communities of color and devastating the poor, including children — and huge corporations are  profiteering off of their cruelty. Here’s what I’ll do: Ban private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up.
Our criminal and immigration systems are tearing apart communities of color and devastating the poor, including children — and huge corporations are  profiteering off of their cruelty. Here’s what I’ll do: Ban private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up.
Our criminal and immigration systems are tearing apart communities of color and devastating the poor, including children — and huge corporations are  profiteering off of their cruelty. Here’s what I’ll do: Ban private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up.
We need significant reform to end mass incarceration and all of the unnecessary, cruel, and punitive forms of immigration detention that have taken root in the Trump Administration. I’ll start by banning private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up now.
We need significant reform to end mass incarceration and all of the unnecessary, cruel, and punitive forms of immigration detention that have taken root in the Trump Administration. I’ll start by banning private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up now.
We need significant reform to end mass incarceration and all of the unnecessary, cruel, and punitive forms of immigration detention that have taken root in the Trump Administration. I’ll start by banning private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up now.
The companies running prisons and detention centers sacrifice safety to boost their bottom line. So here’s what I’ll do as president: Ban private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up now.
The companies running prisons and detention centers sacrifice safety to boost their bottom line. So here’s what I’ll do as president: Ban private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up now.
The companies running prisons and detention centers sacrifice safety to boost their bottom line. So here’s what I’ll do as president: Ban private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up now.
It was lovely chatting with you again this weekend at  I’m grateful down to my toes to be fighting alongside you for big, structural change. 
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Instead of spending her time at swanky fundraisers listening to the donors who write the biggest checks, Elizabeth is traveling all around the country to hear directly from people like you. Will you fill out this 2-minute survey and let Elizabeth know what issues matter to you?
Instead of spending her time at swanky fundraisers listening to the donors who write the biggest checks, Elizabeth is traveling all around the country to hear directly from people like you. Will you fill out this 2-minute survey and let Elizabeth know what issues matter to you?
Instead of spending her time at swanky fundraisers listening to the donors who write the biggest checks, Elizabeth is traveling all around the country to hear directly from people like you. Will you fill out this 2-minute survey and let Elizabeth know what issues matter to you?
Other candidates are raising big bucks from bankers behind closed doors on Wall Street. Not Elizabeth. She’s spent decades fighting to make sure families don’t get cheated by giant financial institutions. Will you chip in now to help us show the power of this grassroots movement?
Elizabeth doesn’t host big-money fundraisers behind closed doors. That gives her more time to talk with voters at public events and work on bold plans that will level the playing field for working people. Will you chip in 3$ or more to help grow our grassroots movement?
Other candidates are raising big bucks from bankers behind closed doors on Wall Street. Not Elizabeth. She’s spent decades fighting to make sure families don’t get cheated by giant financial institutions. Will you chip in now to help us show the power of this grassroots movement?
Elizabeth doesn’t host big-money fundraisers behind closed doors. That gives her more time to talk with voters at public events and work on bold plans that will level the playing field for working people. Will you chip in 3$ or more to help grow our grassroots movement?
Other candidates are raising big bucks from bankers behind closed doors on Wall Street. Not Elizabeth. She’s spent decades fighting to make sure families don’t get cheated by giant financial institutions. Will you chip in now to help us show the power of this grassroots movement?
Elizabeth doesn’t host big-money fundraisers behind closed doors. That gives her more time to talk with voters at public events and work on bold plans that will level the playing field for working people. Will you chip in 3$ or more to help grow our grassroots movement?
I am humbled by the depth of grassroots commitment to our campaign. This is how we make our government and democracy work for everyone, not just the wealthy and well-connected. Thank you, and let’s keep at it. 
I called for an investigation into Elliott Broidy's actions surrounding president Trump's inauguration last year. Now a real investigation is happening. This is exactly why I'm fighting to end corruption in Washington. 
It’s a long way to Election Day. But our fight starts here, with you. 
Help build a grassroots operation across the country to return the power to the people and save our democracy. Will you chip in $3 or whatever you can right now to keep up the momentum? We can only do this together. 
They bring home the ratings, the revenue, and the wins. But even if they didn’t, the players of the deserve equal pay. 
A nation is great when it lives its values. And right now, our nation has an immigration policy that is designed to maximize cruelty toward our immigrant communities. We need to change it. 
Just about a year ago, Bruce brought home Bailey, and no matter how difficult my day’s been (or how many cushions Bailey’s chewed), he never fails to cheer me up. I’m so grateful to have this pup in my life! 
We all want a country where everyone—not just the wealthy—can take care of their families and participate in our democracy. 
Woo-hoo! Congratulations to the on their World Cup win. Your persistence on and off the field inspires girls and women everywhere to dream big, fight hard, and win.  
I loved getting the chance to talk in person, 
I’m grateful to have been a part of the 25th annual We need to use every tool in the toolbox to make our government and our economy work for communities of color, and I’m glad we had the opportunity to talk about that today.  
Here’s what I would’ve said to a 25-year-old me. 
I’m running for president of the United States—and yeah, I’ve got a lot of plans. Thank you, 
On day one of a Warren administration, I will take a series of executive actions to boost wages for women of color and open up new pathways to the leadership positions they deserve. 
Black women are paid less and are less likely to be able to afford basic human rights like health care, child care, and housing. It’s no accident: It’s the legacy of systemic discrimination. My new plan helps right these wrongs.  
 It was great meeting you too. Go Cougars!
The experiences of women of color are not one-dimensional: Sexual orientation, gender identity, and ability all shape how a person’s work is valued in the workplace. Women of color work hard for their families. Our economy should work hard for them. 
I’m grateful to be a part of the 25th annual today. I’ll see you soon! 
My diploma from gave me a second chance at my dream of becoming a public school teacher. What an honor to be back last night talking with voters and grassroots supporters. Thank you, Houston—you have a special place in my heart! 
 From the heart of   makes this promise to Black women: on day one of the Warren Administration she w…
 I hope I see you there!
 Elizabeth Warren says she would sign executive orders aimed at addressing wage and employment leadership gap for women of color, p…
 Time to get paid: Elizabeth Warren touts plan for women of color.  
 How will you make it possible for teachers to earn enough to support themselves on their teaching salary alone? 
I knew exactly what I wanted to do since I was in second grade: I wanted to be a public school teacher—and I had the opportunity to make that dream come true. Today, I’m in this fight for our educators, students, and  Thank you, and 
America’s public school teachers are real heroes—I’m glad we got to talk today backstage at presidential forum. Tune in to watch my remarks live at the conference in just a few minutes.  
Our government saddled a generation with $1.5 trillion in student loan debt. That’s why I’m calling for universal free college and cancelling student loan debt for more than 95% of Americans who have it. We must end the student debt crisis. 
Betsy DeVos is the worst Secretary of Education in our history. We need someone who will actually fight for students, not for giant corporations. So when suggested that the next Secretary of Education should be a former public school teacher, I pledged to make it happen. 
The gap between white and Black homeownership rates today is about 30% — bigger than it was in 1960 when housing discrimination was legal. This enormous gap is a moral stain on our country, and my housing plan tackles it head on. 
The black homeownership rate today is nearly the same as it was when housing discrimination was legal. We need to fight for Black families and tackle this housing crisis head on — and that’s what my housing plan for America does. 
Under a Warren administration, I will take executive action to ensure fair pay and benefits for all workers. Federal contractors will be required to extend a $15 minimum wage and benefits to all employees. 
Under a Warren administration, I will take executive action to ensure fair pay and benefits for all workers. Federal contractors will be required to extend a $15 minimum wage and benefits to all employees. 
I have a new plan: a set of executive actions I will take on day one of the Warren administration to boost wages for women of color and open up new pathways to the leadership positions they deserve. 
I have a new plan: a set of executive actions I will take on day one of the Warren administration to boost wages for women of color and open up new pathways to the leadership positions they deserve. 
I have a new plan: a set of executive actions I will take on day one of the Warren administration to boost wages for women of color and open up new pathways to the leadership positions they deserve. 
Looking forward to presidential forum today and the opportunity to talk about my plan to appoint a public school teacher as the next education secretary. Tune in! 
Under a Warren administration, I will take executive action to ensure fair pay and benefits for all workers. Federal contractors will be required to extend a $15 minimum wage and benefits to all employees. Sign up now if you’re with me.
I have a new plan: a set of executive actions I will take on day one of the Warren administration to boost wages for women of color and open up new pathways to the leadership positions they deserve. Sign up now if you’re with me.
Black women are more likely to be breadwinners for their families, yet they are paid less and are less likely to be able to afford health care, child care, and housing. I'm proud to share my new plan to address this head on at  this weekend: 
This is just the first step—but it’s a necessary one. It’s time to build an America that recognizes the role that women of color play in their families and in the economy, that fairly values their work, and that delivers equal opportunity for everyone.
Finally, I will strengthen enforcement against systemic discrimination. I will direct federal agencies to target enforcement towards industries where we know women of color face higher rates of discrimination.
I will also make sure the senior ranks of the federal government look like America. My administration will ensure that federal agencies recruit women of color and develop leadership paths for them. The government should do better if it demands more from the private sector.
First, I will have new requirements for federal contractors: companies with bad track records on equal pay and management diversity won’t get new contracts. No contractor will be permitted to use forced arbitration and non-compete clauses for low- and medium-wage workers.
The government has helped perpetuate the systemic discrimination that has denied women of color equal opportunities, and it’s time to right those wrongs. I've got a plan to boost their wages, open up career advancement, and fight systemic discrimination.
The gender pay gap hits women of color particularly hard. When future employers use salary history to make new offers, they trap women of color in lower wages. Black and Brown women are disproportionately mistreated at work. Their path to higher-level management jobs is rockier.
Women of color face a steeper climb to provide financial security for their families because of systemic discrimination. On Day One of a Warren administration, I’ll take a series of executive actions to help boost their wages and leadership opportunities. 
On  I’m celebrating our democracy—and recommitting to protect it. Our elections should be as secure as Fort Knox. Instead, they’re less secure than an Amazon account. I have a plan to make voting easy and secure for everyone. 
Thank you, Nevada! Your energy inspires me. 
It was great to see and meet the wonderful people at Mari Chuy’s Mexican Kitchen yesterday. Thanks for having me! 
Today we celebrate our country and recommit to the big, structural changes we need to make our government and our economy work for everyone—not just for those at the top. I’ll fight my heart out for that. Happy  
Big Tech companies like Facebook hire armies of lobbyists and lawyers to help shape the rules in their favor and throw around their economic power to snuff out every potential competitor. That’s another reason why we need to  
Are you telling me that billionaires aren’t in favor of my being president of the United States? I’m shocked! 
It should be illegal for former U.S. Senator to go from serving the American people one day to lobbying for Russian oligarchs the next. Under my plan to  it would be. 
Talk about a conflict of interest: Former Commissioner Scott Gottlieb just joined the board of Big Pharma corporation he once regulated. Under my plan to  that would be illegal.
No, Jamie. Corporate greed and corruption in Washington are what’s really wrong with America. That’s what got your bank a no-strings-attached taxpayer bailout after the crash back in 2008, and it’s still rigging the system against working families today. 
The naysayers said it would be “too hard” to build the The naysayers said it would be “too hard” for a woman to win a Senate seat in Massachusetts. Now they say it’s “too hard” for a woman to win the presidency.Here’s what I say to them: 
It’s unacceptable that Black moms are dying from childbirth-related causes 3-4 times more than white moms. Black maternal mortality is a crisis, and institutional racism is the root cause of it. I’ve got a plan to address it head on: 
Running for president: That’s what women do. 
I had a lovely time at our AAPI community conversation in Las Vegas today. Thank you for taking the time to chat with me! 
Thank you for the warm welcome, Nevada! 
I’m glad to see people in Massachusetts and across the country fighting for our immigrant communities today. I stand with you in solidarity all the way. 
Sickening. Human beings are being herded like animals right now in our country. This goes against our American values. It’s cruel and it must end—now. 
There’s still time to RSVP to our community conversation tonight in Nevada. I hope I’ll see you there! 
This kind of xenophobic fear-mongering is sick. In a Warren administration, immigrant communities will be able to live without fear or discrimination. I will fight for them every step of the way. 
When I’m president, I’ll make certain that every person—regardless of race, creed, or economic background—is paid a living wage so they can build a secure future for themselves and their families. That’s how we’ll make our economy work for working people.
I’ve got a new plan to protect our democracy! We must:🗳️ Make voting easy and convenient🗳️ Stop racist voter suppression🗳️ Secure our elections 
Arbitration lets giant banks like get away with scamming customers out of money. CEO Jamie Dimon should be working to protect consumers—but all he cares about is making a profit off of them. No more.
 Love is resistance to hate and injustice. Love is not passive or pathetic. It is proactive and potent. It is reactive a…
Our national security institutions should reflect the diversity of the country they serve and represent. I was proud to sign the  Pledge for Gender Parity. 
My affordable housing plan would:🏠 Reduce rental costs by 10% over the next 10 years🏠 Create 1.5 million new jobs🏠 Build millions of new housing units
Rising housing costs have Americans in a vice grip, and Nevadans are among the hardest-hit. One of the root causes of the problem? A severe lack of affordable housing supply, and state and local land-use rules that needlessly drive up housing costs. 
These racist and sexist comments are completely unacceptable. We need answers—and the agents involved must be held accountable. 
I’m grateful to have you in this fight, Joan. 
Thank you for the support, Wayne! 
 Go for it.
Through a toxic combination of malice and neglect, Donald Trump has declared war on the So I came up with a new plan to rebuild it. 
Thank you, Tom! We need bold and energetic diplomacy to make the world a little safer and more secure. 
I’m grateful to have on our team. Her voice is powerful and inspires me to keep fighting hard. 
I’m fighting my heart out to build an economy that works for working families in our country. Thank you, 
Bailey loves the morning air! 
Thank you, Caleb. I’m grateful for your support. 
 Ha, I love it! Thanks for having faith in me.
 *ATTENTION* Elizabeth Warren only needs 45 more supporters to make a small contribution (nothing too small) before midn…
Lots of candidates spend time on the phone with millionaires asking for checks. Not me. I’m spending my time talking with voters ; thanking grassroots donors. I love hearing why people get in the fight. Will you chip in before our FEC deadline at midnight? 
I’m so inspired by you, Lisa. Grateful down to my bones to have you in this fight. Together, we can end the gun violence epidemic in our country. 
It was great to talk with you, Mia! I’m so grateful to have you in this fight. 
Keep persisting, 
 Yes, I do! I’m also fighting to:✔ Ban assault weapons.✔ Prevent domestic abusers from legally obtaining guns.✔ End the gun show loophole.
I’m relying on grassroots donors like Nell to fuel this campaign. 
We’ve got an FEC deadline at midnight tonight—can you chip in whatever you can to our campaign? We’re building a grassroots operation across the country to return the power to the people, and we can only do it together. 
 Bailey needs YOUR help by midnight! For a contribution of as little as $3, Bailey guarantees that under a Warren admini…
I had a little time in the car to call grassroots donors like Ada. 
I’m not doing fundraisers with bazillionaires. I’m counting on grassroots support to fuel this campaign. Our big FEC deadline is at midnight, and every little bit helps. Chip in before tonight.  
Our President shouldn’t be squandering American influence on photo ops and exchanging love letters with a ruthless dictator. Instead, we should be dealing with North Korea through principled diplomacy that promotes US security, defends our allies, and upholds human rights. 
 Sunday night’s fundraising deadline is an important one: The first one since totally crushed it at the 
Don’t worry—Bailey got a belly rub! 
 i just got a phone call from and she was so nice and so genuine and we talked policy and i am so ready to volun…
I just called some grassroots donors who gave today to tell them I’m grateful down to my toes for them. Keep it up—our FEC fundraising deadline is tomorrow at midnight.  
As president I’ll fight for you as hard as I fight for my own family. We’re powering our campaign without PACs or fancy fundraisers, just person to person—one small-dollar donation at a time. Will you chip in to my campaign before Sunday’s FEC deadline? 
The photo line is always my favorite part of our events—and last night I took my 35,000th selfie! 
Want to let everyone know you’re in this fight? Sign up today and get a free sticker.
Want to let everyone know you’re in this fight? Sign up today and get a free sticker.
Want to let everyone know you’re in this fight? Sign up today and get a free sticker.
I’m in this fight for a government and an economy that works for everyone, not just the rich and powerful. I promise you this: I will fight for you as hard as I fight for my family. If you’re all in, then sign up to join the fight — we’ll send you a free sticker to say thanks.
I’m in this fight for a government and an economy that works for everyone, not just the rich and powerful. I promise you this: I will fight for you as hard as I fight for my family. If you’re all in, then sign up to join the fight — we’ll send you a free sticker to say thanks.
I’m in this fight for a government and an economy that works for everyone, not just the rich and powerful. I promise you this: I will fight for you as hard as I fight for my family. If you’re all in, then sign up to join the fight — we’ll send you a free sticker to say thanks.
Our fight is a righteous fight. And in a righteous fight, we fight until we win.  
I’m on my way back to Boston tonight. First, I’m going to walk Bailey. Then, I’m going to call a few grassroots donors who give this afternoon. Reply to this tweet and let me know that you've donated—and hopefully I'll get to chat with you tonight! 
 and are on the front lines for racial and economic justice in our country. I’m grateful to be a part of the  
The attacks against are racist and ugly. We all have an obligation to speak out and say so. And it’s within the power and obligation of tech companies to stop these vile lies dead in their tracks.
I’m in this fight because I believe that we can make our government, our economy, and our country work not just for those at the top—but for every working family in America. Thank you, Chicago! 
In just a few minutes, I’ll be live with at the to talk about why I’m in this race. Tune in!  
Every girl should grow up knowing that they can fight from the heart and win. If you agree it’s time for a woman president to make big, structural change, chip in $3 or whatever you can before our big June FEC deadline. 
Our country faces a housing crisis that disproportionately affects Black and Brown Americans. must address this—not just in the policies it pursues, but in the people it hires. Blankenstein's racist writings disqualify him from working there. 
Our kids shouldn’t have to go to school every day fearing for their lives. I’m fighting for common-sense gun reform, including banning assault weapons, preventing domestic abusers from legally obtaining guns, and ending the gun show loophole. 
 Although there are long days ahead in this fight, we push forward with the conviction that our people deserve nothing le…
We need to fight for immigrant families and stop Donald Trump’s racist policies—and we can only do it together. 
 Dream big, fight hard, and climb high, Ashli!
Disgusting. My democracy plan would re-enfranchise those who have served their time and left prison—and prevent states like Florida from overriding their rights with Jim Crow-era nonsense. 
Elizabeth Warren can make our government, our economy, and our country work for everyone—not just those at the top. Chip in now to join the fight.
Elizabeth Warren can make our government, our economy, and our country work for everyone—not just those at the top. Chip in now to join the fight.
Elizabeth Warren can make our government, our economy, and our country work for everyone—not just those at the top. Chip in now to join the fight.
Elizabeth Warren can make our government, our economy, and our country work for everyone—not just those at the top. Chip in now to join the fight.
Elizabeth Warren can make our government, our economy, and our country work for everyone—not just those at the top. Chip in now to join the fight.
Our campaign is 100% powered by the people: Grassroots supporters who chip in whatever they can to dream big, fight hard, and win in 2020. Will you chip in $3 and join the fight? I might call you to say thanks! 
 Immigrant youth have been fighting for their future and we won't stop fighting along with…
 On  we reflect on how far we’ve come and the fight ahead. Together we fight for 100% LGBTQ acceptance. 
Fifty years ago at  LGBTQ+ rights activists knew it wouldn’t be easy. But they also knew what was at stake. They kept going and they changed the course of history. Today, we recommit to fighting for LGBTQ+ equality.  
I’m glad to see Kansas take this necessary step and recognize trans Americans for who they are. The rest of the country should do the same. 
As the Supreme Court prepares to take on the  case, I want to make something clear: Immigrant youth are  and I will fight my heart out to protect Dreamers. 
Trump may think a fat wallet and a big campaign check qualifies someone to represent our country abroad. I don’t spend my time at fancy closed-door fundraisers trading favors for money, and I won’t name wealthy donors or bundlers as ambassadors — period. Sign up now if you agree.
I’m pledging to put America’s national interests ahead of campaign donations and end the corrupt practice of selling cushy diplomatic posts to the highest bidder. I won’t name wealthy donors or bundlers as ambassadors — period. Sign up now if you agree.
Trump may think a fat wallet and a big campaign check qualifies someone to represent our country abroad. I don’t spend my time at fancy closed-door fundraisers trading favors for money, and I won’t name wealthy donors or bundlers as ambassadors — period. Sign up now if you agree.
I’m pledging to put America’s national interests ahead of campaign donations and end the corrupt practice of selling cushy diplomatic posts to the highest bidder. I won’t name wealthy donors or bundlers as ambassadors — period. Sign up now if you agree.
I don’t spend my time at fancy closed-door fundraisers trading favors for money, and I’ll appoint only the most qualified person for the job. In a Warren administration, I pledge not to give ambassadorial posts to wealthy donors or bundlers. Period.
Trump has perfected the act of selling swanky diplomatic posts to rich buffoons. He's appointed political cronies to nearly half the available ambassadorial positions. He may think a fat wallet and a big campaign check qualifies someone to represent our country abroad. I don't.
To do this, we need to recruit a new generation of foreign service officers and retain talented officers. I’ll also significantly expand the pool of diplomatic talent. Today’s foreign service is 79% white and 65% male. Our foreign service must reflect the diversity of the U.S.
Our foreign policy should not be run out of the Pentagon. Under a Warren administration, it won’t be. So I’ll start by doubling the size of the foreign service and opening new diplomatic posts in underserved areas to broaden U.S. diplomatic presence.
The Pentagon is nearly 40 times bigger than the State Department—we employ more people in military grocery stores than we do foreign service officers. Our underinvestment in diplomacy causes our leaders to default to military action, instead of treating it as a last resort.
Senior career officials at the State Department have been pushed out ; others have resigned in protest. We've lost 60% of our career ambassadors ; 20% of our most experienced civil servants. Too often they've been replaced with totally unqualified campaign donors ; Trump cronies.
To take a meaningful leadership position in the world, protect our interests, and avoid conflicts, we need world-class diplomats. But through a toxic combination of malice and neglect, Donald Trump has declared war on the State Department.
The practice of auctioning off American diplomacy to the highest bidder must end. I'm pledging to end the corrupt practice of selling cushy diplomatic posts to wealthy donors—and I call on everyone running for President to do the same. Read my full plan: 
 I won’t forget it either, Leah. We’re in this fight together.
It’s true! Atticus is a terrific dancer.
I do! I love my team. 
 In the Census case there is NO way any neutral court could uphold the effort to include the citizenship question.  The reco…
Today, Trump joked with Putin about interfering in our elections. He joked about getting "rid of" journalists with a man who has reporters murdered. The president is looking out for himself—not the American people. We need a president who will always stand up for American values.
We can make the  a reality and lead the global effort to combat climate change. My Green Manufacturing Plan would invest $2 trillion in green research and manufacturing and create more than a million good jobs here at home.   
 established a woman’s constitutional right to safe, legal abortion and has been law for over 46 years. Congress should pass new federal laws that protect access to reproductive care no matter what the Supreme Court does.  
Immigration is our strength. But an immigration system that can’t tell the difference between a 7-year-old and a criminal or a terrorist is deeply broken. It’s time for real reform to make our immigration policies consistent with our values. 
I'm tired of insurance company executives getting rich while denying care to you and your family. You should get the care you need, where you need it, from your doctor. Health care is a basic human right. That's why I'm fighting for  
My  is a two-cent tax on the 75,000 biggest fortunes in the country—those worth over $50 million. We’d use it to pay for  student loan debt cancellation, free public college, and more. Here’s how it works.  
This is my promise to you. 
 I’m liking this pattern of shouting out bills I sponsored and passed. Hey - look who digs our…
America supports  Congress should pass new federal laws that protect and ensure real access to birth control and abortion care—laws that will stand no matter what the Supreme Court does. And I've got a plan for that.   
I know is working hard to win in 2020. Something else we need to work hard on: Protecting our democracy. At our Miami town hall, I made a commitment to protect our elections. 
Here’s what’s covered under my new plan to protect U.S. elections: 🗳️ No more voter registration problems🗳️ No more voter purges🗳️ No more gerrymandering 🗳️ Election Day will be a federal holiday
The harsh truth is that our elections are vulnerable to attack. Some voter registration databases are still using Windows 2000. My latest plan would make U.S. elections as secure as Fort Knox. 
Yesterday, I met activists who’ve been standing outside Homestead for months. I met grandmas and moms, dads and uncles. I met little children and a woman who said, “I’ll be here every day.” Together, we’re fighting for immigration policies that reflect our values. 
The Census must count every person. Our Constitution demands it. Our democracy requires it. And I hope that the courts will continue to keep this racist and blatantly partisan question off of the 2020 Census.
 ¡Hágase Contar! Census 2020 Campaign is already working to ensure that immigrant and Latinx communities are fully counted, and I join them in calling on these communities to be heard.
Finally, we'd ban the use of citizenship questions in government surveys and implement lasting reforms to the Census to prevent any president from using these kinds of tricks to take political representation or other resources away from immigrant communities.
Next, my administration would conduct a second Census—without any questions about citizenship—to replace Trump's tainted Census in advance of the 2022 midterm elections. And I would have an aggressive, well-funded outreach campaign to reach historically undercounted communities.
Here's how this would work. First, I would immediately direct all executive agencies to ignore the tainted Census data until a new Census is complete. States receive nearly $600 billion per year from 16 programs tied to Census data, ; we won't allow a tainted Census to skew that.
If the Trump admin somehow manages to get that question back on the Census, I will cancel that rigged Census and replace it with a fair and accurate one. And I'll make this promise right now: A Warren administration would never include a citizenship question on the Census.
The Supreme Court's ruling blocking the citizenship question on the 2020 Census is a welcome relief—but the Court has left open the possibility that the Trump administration could still add a citizenship question to the Census. And if they do, I have a plan for that.
I'm done playing by a different set of rules. As president, I'll push to require states to use independent redistricting commissions to draw fair districts. And if Republicans keep standing in the way of fair elections, I'll push to end the filibuster. 
Mitch McConnell says efforts to stop gerrymandering are "socialist". Chief Justice Roberts pays lip service to the idea that gerrymandering is bad—but then hands the keys to our democracy over to a bunch of cheats. Republicans are trying to rig the game, and they're winning.
The Supreme Court's decision is an abomination. Five Republican-appointed justices gave the green light to partisan gerrymandering—which lets Republicans pursue their extreme agenda without accountability to the people. It's bad for our democracy and we need to fight back.
Under my plan, federal elections will get state-of-the-art federal machines, federal ballots, and federal security. The federal government will replace insecure and outdated systems with hand-marked, voter-verified paper ballot machines. Sign up now to fight for our democracy.
Under my plan, we will have federal standards to ensure everyone can vote, including automatic and same-day registration, early voting, and vote by mail. We will also make Election Day a holiday to make it easier for people to get to the polls. Sign up now if you're with me.
Under my plan, there will be no more gerrymandering: states will be required to use independent redistricting commissions to draw federal congressional districts. If you're with me, sign up now.
Racist and partisan officials too often try to stop citizens from exercising the right to vote. Under my plan, we will have federal standards to ensure everyone can vote. No more arbitrary voter purges. No more registration issues. No more gerrymandering. Sign up now.
The right to vote is a fundamental right, and we have a solemn obligation to fight for it. Under my plan, we will have federal standards to ensure everyone can vote, including automatic and same-day registration, early voting, and vote by mail. If you're with me, sign up now.
You bet I have a plan to deal with Mitch McConnell. We need leadership from within our government—but we also need a grassroots movement to push from the outside and make Congress reflect the will of the people. And we have to get rid of the filibuster.  
The economy is doing great for a thinner and thinner slice at the top. It’s time to build an economy that works for all of us. And I’ve got plans for that.  
I spent a big chunk of my life studying why families go broke, and one of the top reasons is a medical emergency. That's not right. Our system is working for corporations making a profit, but not for families. That's why I'm fighting for   
  can make our government, our economy, and our country work for everyone—not just those at the top.  htt…
Elizabeth just finished the first debate, and her vision for America was clear. We need to relieve the burden of student debt. We need Medicare for All. We need a Green New Deal. The time for small ideas is over.
Elizabeth just finished the first debate, and her vision for America was clear. We need an economy that works for everyone, not just the wealthy and the well-connected, and we need to end corruption in Washington so we can restore our democracy. And yes, she has a plan for that.
Elizabeth just finished the first debate, and her vision for America was clear. We need to end corruption in Washington. We need to relieve the burden of student loan debt. We need to protect a woman’s right to safe and legal abortion. And yes, she has a plan for that.
Elizabeth just finished the first debate, and her vision for America was clear. We need to relieve the burden of student debt. We need Medicare for All. We need a Green New Deal. The time for small ideas is over.
Elizabeth just finished the first debate, and her vision for America was clear. We need an economy that works for everyone, not just the wealthy and the well-connected, and we need to end corruption in Washington so we can restore our democracy. And yes, she has a plan for that.
Elizabeth just finished the first debate, and her vision for America was clear. We need to end corruption in Washington. We need to relieve the burden of student loan debt. We need to protect a woman’s right to safe and legal abortion. And yes, she has a plan for that.
I just stepped off the  stage. I have a lot of plans for big, structural change, but we can only do this together. Chip in $3 or more before our big FEC deadline and help power our grassroots campaign. 
I’m in this fight for a government and an economy that works for the people, not the rich and the powerful. I promise you this: I will fight for you as hard as I fight for my family. 
No one should be above the law—that includes the president of the United States. I’ve got a plan to ensure that a sitting president can be held accountable for committing a crime. Sign up now if you agree. 
No one should be above the law—that includes the president of the United States. I’ve got a plan to ensure that a sitting president can be held accountable for committing a crime. Sign up now if you agree. 
No one should be above the law—that includes the president of the United States. I’ve got a plan to ensure that a sitting president can be held accountable for committing a crime. Sign up now if you agree. 
No one should be above the law—that includes the president of the United States. I’ve got a plan to ensure that a sitting president can be held accountable for committing a crime. Sign up now if you agree. 
No one should be above the law—that includes the president of the United States. I’ve got a plan to ensure that a sitting president can be held accountable for committing a crime. Sign up now if you agree. 
No one should be above the law—that includes the president of the United States. I’ve got a plan to ensure that a sitting president can be held accountable for committing a crime. Sign up now if you agree. 
We’re fighting for big, structural change to our economy, our government, and our democracy. And if Senate Republicans continue the same playbook of blocking legislation like they did with President Obama, I’ll get rid of the filibuster. 
No one should be above the law—that includes the president of the United States. I’ve got a plan to ensure that a sitting president can be held accountable for committing a crime.  
The threat posed by climate change is real, it’s man-made, and we are running out of time. We need to take big, bold actions now—starting with the  
We’re fighting for big, structural change to our economy, our government, and our democracy. And if Senate Republicans continue the same playbook of blocking legislation like they did with President Obama, I’ll get rid of the filibuster. Sign up now if you agree. 
We’re fighting for big, structural change to our economy, our government, and our democracy. And if Senate Republicans continue the same playbook of blocking legislation like they did with President Obama, I’ll get rid of the filibuster. Sign up now if you agree. 
We’re fighting for big, structural change to our economy, our government, and our democracy. And if Senate Republicans continue the same playbook of blocking legislation like they did with President Obama, I’ll get rid of the filibuster. Sign up now if you agree. 
We’re fighting for big, structural change to our economy, our government, and our democracy. And if Senate Republicans continue the same playbook of blocking legislation like they did with President Obama, I’ll get rid of the filibuster. Sign up now if you agree. 
We’re fighting for big, structural change to our economy, our government, and our democracy. And if Senate Republicans continue the same playbook of blocking legislation like they did with President Obama, I’ll get rid of the filibuster. Sign up now if you agree. 
We’re fighting for big, structural change to our economy, our government, and our democracy. And if Senate Republicans continue the same playbook of blocking legislation like they did with President Obama, I’ll get rid of the filibuster. Sign up now if you agree. 
 Yeah even has a plan to deal with Mitch McConnell.  
We’re fighting for big, structural change to our economy, our government, and our democracy. And if Senate Republicans continue the same playbook of blocking legislation like they did with President Obama, I’ll get rid of the filibuster. 
 Gun violence is a public health emergency in this country. No child should be wondering whether they will be safe in school…
I have a LOT of plans—and you bet I have one to deal with Mitch McConnell. In the 2020 elections, we have to push from outside, have leadership on the inside, ; make congress reflect the will of the people. The fight still goes on to make Congress work for the people. 
Since running for president, I’ve answered thousands of questions. Earlier this month, a little boy asked me, “What are you doing to keep children safe?” We need to fight this with every tool in the toolbox—that means treating it like the public health emergency that it is.
Since running for president, I’ve answered thousands of questions. Earlier this month, a kid asked me, “What are you doing to keep children safe?” We need to fight this with every tool in the toolbox—that means treating it like the public health emergency that it is. 
Some politicians say Medicare for All isn’t possible. What they’re really saying is that they don’t want to fight. Well, I do. Health care is a basic human right. We fight for basic human rights, and that’s why I’m fighting for  
I'm tired of insurance company executives getting rich while denying care to you and your family. You should get the care you need, where you need it, from your doctor. Health care is a basic human right. That's why I'm fighting for  
Women’s rights are human rights. We need to:✔️ Protect  End the  Defend  family planning funding.✔️ Ensure that  includes contraception and abortion coverage.Sign up now if you agree. 
Women’s rights are human rights. We need to:✔️ Protect  End the  Defend  family planning funding.✔️ Ensure that  includes contraception and abortion coverage.Sign up now if you agree. 
Women’s rights are human rights. We need to:✔️ Protect  End the  Defend  family planning funding.✔️ Ensure that  includes contraception and abortion coverage.Sign up now if you agree. 
Women’s rights are human rights. We need to:✔️ Protect  End the  Defend  family planning funding.✔️ Ensure that  includes contraception and abortion coverage.Sign up now if you agree. 
Women’s rights are human rights. We need to:✔️ Protect  End the  Defend  family planning funding.✔️ Ensure that  includes contraception and abortion coverage.Sign up now if you agree. 
Women’s rights are human rights. We need to:✔️ Protect  End the  Defend  family planning funding.✔️ Ensure that  includes contraception and abortion coverage.Sign up now if you agree. 
As president, I would make sure our country gets back on the 2015 Iran Deal. We can't afford another forever war, and I’m fighting to stop Donald Trump from dragging us into another one. 
I went to the Homestead, FL detention center today. It’s hot and barren, with a completely enclosed fence. I saw children being marched from one building to another in single file lines. No laughing, no playing. These are children who are prisoners. 
Some politicians say Medicare for All isn’t possible. What they’re really saying is that they don’t want to fight. Well, I do. Health care is a basic human right. We fight for basic human rights, and that’s why I’m fighting for  
  has a plan to protect our right to safe, legal abortion—even if  is overturned.  
 I agree with We shouldn't criminalize families trying to build a better future. We need comprehensive immigrati…
 Our health care system is working great for companies making massive profits, but not for families who can't afford health…
I'm tired of insurance company executives getting rich while denying care to you and your family. You should get the care you need, where you need it, from your doctor. Health care is a basic human right. That's why I'm fighting for  
I'm tired of insurance company executives getting rich while denying care to you and your family. You should get the care you need, where you need it, from your doctor. Health care is a basic human right. That's why I'm fighting for  
I'm tired of insurance company executives getting rich while denying care to you and your family. You should get the care you need, where you need it, from your doctor. Health care is a basic human right. That's why I'm fighting for  
I'm tired of insurance company executives getting rich while denying care to you and your family. You should get the care you need, where you need it, from your doctor. Health care is a basic human right. That's why I'm fighting for  
I'm tired of insurance company executives getting rich while denying care to you and your family. You should get the care you need, where you need it, from your doctor. Health care is a basic human right. That's why I'm fighting for  
I'm tired of insurance company executives getting rich while denying care to you and your family. You should get the care you need, where you need it, from your doctor. Health care is a basic human right. That's why I'm fighting for  
Every woman should have access to the full range of reproductive services, including safe, legal abortion. Most people in this country support  and we need to make it the law. Here’s my plan to protect reproductive health.  
Some politicians say Medicare for All isn’t possible. What they’re really saying is that they don’t want to fight. Well, I do. Health care is a basic human right. We fight for basic human rights, and that’s why I’m fighting for  Sign up if you agree. 
Some politicians say Medicare for All isn’t possible. What they’re really saying is that they don’t want to fight. Well, I do. Health care is a basic human right. We fight for basic human rights, and that’s why I’m fighting for  Sign up if you agree. 
Some politicians say Medicare for All isn’t possible. What they’re really saying is that they don’t want to fight. Well, I do. Health care is a basic human right. We fight for basic human rights, and that’s why I’m fighting for  Sign up if you agree. 
Some politicians say Medicare for All isn’t possible. What they’re really saying is that they don’t want to fight. Well, I do. Health care is a basic human right. We fight for basic human rights, and that’s why I’m fighting for  Sign up if you agree. 
Some politicians say Medicare for All isn’t possible. What they’re really saying is that they don’t want to fight. Well, I do. Health care is a basic human right. We fight for basic human rights, and that’s why I’m fighting for  Sign up if you agree. 
Some politicians say Medicare for All isn’t possible. What they’re really saying is that they don’t want to fight. Well, I do. Health care is a basic human right. We fight for basic human rights, and that’s why I’m fighting for  Sign up if you agree. 
Women’s rights are human rights. We need to:✔ Protect  End the  Defend  family planning funding.✔ Ensure that  includes contraception and abortion coverage.
 Health care is a basic human right, and will fight for basic human rights. She's fighting for  
 The economy is doing great for a thinner and thinner slice at the top. has plans to build an economy that works fo…
 We need courage in Washington to take on corruption. will never back down from that fight.  
Right now our economy is doing great for a thinner and thinner slice at the top. It’s not doing great for the rest of Americans. It’s corruption plain and simple—and we need to address it head on and make big, structural change to fight it. 
Yes, I would support government-run insurance. Health care is a basic human right, and we fight for basic human rights. We need  
I’ve spent my life studying why families go broke, and one of the biggest reasons is the cost of health care. Well, I'm tired of insurance companies getting rich while families get stretched to a breaking point. We need  
My  is a two-cent tax on the 75,000 wealthiest families—those worth over $50 million. We’d use that money to help rebuild the middle class: Universal Child Care, student loan debt cancellation, free public college, and more. 
Some politicians say Medicare for All isn’t possible. What they’re really saying is that they don’t want to fight. Well, I do. Health care is a basic human right. We fight for basic human rights, and that’s why I’m fighting for  
As president, I will pursue an agenda of economic patriotism, using new and existing tools to defend and create quality American jobs and promote American industry. It's time to put American workers ahead of Wall Street bonuses and multinational profits. 
Right now our economy is doing great for a thinner and thinner slice at the top. It’s not doing great for the rest of Americans. It’s corruption plain and simple—and we need to address it head on and make big, structural change to fight it. Sign up now if you agree. 
Right now our economy is doing great for a thinner and thinner slice at the top. It’s not doing great for the rest of Americans. It’s corruption plain and simple—and we need to address it head on and make big, structural change to fight it. Sign up now if you agree. 
There’s way too much consolidation in our economy. It hurts our workers, our entrepreneurs, our consumers, and our economy. I want to return the government to the people, and calling out the names of monopolies is saying that I have the courage to go after them. 
Right now our economy is doing great for a thinner and thinner slice at the top. It’s not doing great for the rest of Americans. It’s corruption plain and simple—and we need to address it head on and make big, structural change to fight it. Sign up now if you agree. 
Right now our economy is doing great for a thinner and thinner slice at the top. It’s not doing great for the rest of Americans. It’s corruption plain and simple—and we need to address it head on and make big, structural change to fight it. Sign up now if you agree. 
Right now our economy is doing great for a thinner and thinner slice at the top. It’s not doing great for the rest of Americans. It’s corruption plain and simple—and we need to address it head on and make big, structural change to fight it. Sign up now if you agree. 
Right now our economy is doing great for a thinner and thinner slice at the top. It’s not doing great for the rest of Americans. It’s corruption plain and simple—and we need to address it head on and make big, structural change to fight it. Sign up now if you agree. 
My  is a two-cent tax on the 75,000 wealthiest families—those worth over $50 million. We’d use that money to help rebuild the middle class: Universal Child Care, student loan debt cancellation, free public college, and more. Sign up if you agree. 
My  is a two-cent tax on the 75,000 wealthiest families—those worth over $50 million. We’d use that money to help rebuild the middle class: Universal Child Care, student loan debt cancellation, free public college, and more. Sign up if you agree. 
My  is a two-cent tax on the 75,000 wealthiest families—those worth over $50 million. We’d use that money to help rebuild the middle class: Universal Child Care, student loan debt cancellation, free public college, and more. Sign up if you agree. 
My  is a two-cent tax on the 75,000 wealthiest families—those worth over $50 million. We’d use that money to help rebuild the middle class: Universal Child Care, student loan debt cancellation, free public college, and more. Sign up if you agree. 
My  is a two-cent tax on the 75,000 wealthiest families—those worth over $50 million. We’d use that money to help rebuild the middle class: Universal Child Care, student loan debt cancellation, free public college, and more. Sign up if you agree. 
My  is a two-cent tax on the 75,000 wealthiest families—those worth over $50 million. We’d use that money to help rebuild the middle class: Universal Child Care, student loan debt cancellation, free public college, and more. Sign up if you agree. 
My  is a two-cent tax on the 75,000 wealthiest families—those worth over $50 million. We’d use that money to help rebuild the middle class: Universal Child Care, student loan debt cancellation, free public college, and more. Sign up now. 
My  is a two-cent tax on the 75,000 wealthiest families—those worth over $50 million. We’d use that money to help rebuild the middle class: Universal Child Care, student loan debt cancellation, free public college, and more. 
My  is a two-cent tax on the 75,000 wealthiest families—those worth over $50 million. We’d use that money to help rebuild the middle class: Universal Child Care, student loan debt cancellation, free public college, and more. 
Right now our economy is doing great for a thinner and thinner slice at the top. It’s not doing great for the rest of Americans. It’s corruption plain and simple—and we need to address it head on and make big, structural change to fight it. 
I just stepped off the  stage. I have a lot of plans for big, structural change, but we can only do this together. Chip in $3 or more before our big FEC deadline and help power our grassroots campaign.
I just stepped off the  stage. I have a lot of plans for big, structural change, but we can only do this together. Chip in $3 or more before our big FEC deadline and help power our grassroots campaign.
I’m on my way to the first  with Bruce and the team! I’m looking forward to talking about why I’m in this race and my plans for big, structural change. 
Person to person, one dollar at a time, we’re building a grassroots movement. Our personal fundraising pages will make it easy to bring your friends and family into this fight! Here’s how to create your own:  
I hope you’ll tune in at 9:00 PM ET tonight!  
When women fight, women win. Congratulations, 
Homestead is hot and barren, with a completely enclosed fence. I saw children being marched from one building to another in single file lines. No laughing, no playing. These are children who are prisoners. 
At Homestead, a young girl named Lea gave me a hand-written note. She wrote about the fear of losing her parents to deportation and asked me to fight for immigration reform.No child should have to grow up with that fear. Lea, I promise: We’re in this fight together. 
I went to the Homestead, FL detention center this morning to shine a light on what’s happening. There’s no place in this country for operating private prisons that profit off of cruelty. Detention centers like the one in Homestead should be shut down. 
These are children—children. Mark Morgan’s racist comments disqualify him from leading 
 needs to answer for its misuse of solitary confinement. Immigrants in custody who are disabled or are sexual assault survivors may be especially in need of protection. Locking them up for at least 22 hours a day is cruel and unnecessary. 
 My friend is down at the unlicensed, for-profit child prison at Homestead right now, drawing attention to the chi…
“They had been detained for weeks without access to soap, clean clothes or adequate food.”This is inhumane. In a Warren administration, we will treat immigrant children with the dignity and respect they deserve. 
There are a lot of different ways that we get in the fight. And one of them is that you show up. I'm at the Homestead detention center today and I hope you'll be watching. 
A year ago today, SCOTUS made the wrong decision in upholding Donald Trump’s bigoted and xenophobic Muslim ban. We won’t forget and we won’t stop fighting until Muslims are treated with dignity and respect.
Yesterday at my town hall in Miami, I got asked an important question: Would I go to the Homestead detention center to shine a light on what's happening? The answer is yes. I'll be there today and I hope you'll join me. 
 Thank you for visiting  today in my district  You can see it in the crowd in Miami, when the ques…
The Mueller report made clear that the president obstructed justice multiple times. If he were anyone else, he'd be in handcuffs. Attorney General Barr can try to cover for the president all he wants, but the American people deserve to hear the full truth from Mueller himself.
At tonight's town hall in Miami, an audience member asked me to go to the Homestead detention center—where the Trump administration is holding immigrant children separated from their families—and shine a light on what's happening. I'll be there tomorrow—and I hope you'll join me. 
One way I’m fighting is through my plan to end for-profit detention centers, which have made millions implementing Trump’s cruel immigration policies. Today 73% of detained immigrants are held in private detention facilities. Under my plan, we’ll end this. 
I saw the same thing at a processing center in McAllen, TX. I'll never forget listening to traumatized moms and children begging to be reunited. Let me make this clear: I'll never stop fighting Trump's cruel immigration policies. 
This week marks a year since I visited the Port Isabel Reunification Center in Los Fresnos, TX to find out what was really happening to immigrant families ripped apart at our border. I saw right away: It wasn’t a unification center—it was a prison. 
I agree with We shouldn't criminalize families trying to build a better future. We need comprehensive immigration reform that's in line with our values and creates a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants, including our DREAMers. 
Queens: I hope you make your voices heard today and vote for if you haven’t already! Polls are open until 9:00 PM ET. 
I stand with the hundreds of employees who are planning to stage a walkout at their Boston headquarters tomorrow. The safety and well-being of immigrant children is always worth fighting for. 
Amazon has too much power. Under my plan to  entrepreneurs would have a fighting chance to compete against tech giants. 
My  is a two-cent tax on the 75,000 biggest fortunes in the country. We’d use it to pay for  student loan debt relief, free public college, and a lot more. Here’s how it works. 
Under my plan, federal elections will get state-of-the-art federal machines, federal ballots, and federal security. The federal government will replace insecure and outdated systems with hand-marked, voter-verified paper ballot machines. Sign up now to fight for our democracy.
Under my plan, we will have federal standards to ensure everyone can vote, including automatic and same-day registration, early voting, and vote by mail. We will also make Election Day a holiday to make it easier for people to get to the polls. Sign up now if you're with me.
Under my plan, there will be no more gerrymandering: states will be required to use independent redistricting commissions to draw federal congressional districts. If you're with me, sign up now.
Racist and partisan officials too often try to stop citizens from exercising the right to vote. Under my plan, we will have federal standards to ensure everyone can vote. No more arbitrary voter purges. No more registration issues. No more gerrymandering. Sign up now.
The right to vote is a fundamental right, and we have a solemn obligation to fight for it. Under my plan, we will have federal standards to ensure everyone can vote, including automatic and same-day registration, early voting, and vote by mail. If you're with me, sign up now.
Under my plan, federal elections will get state-of-the-art federal machines, federal ballots, and federal security. The federal government will replace insecure and outdated systems with hand-marked, voter-verified paper ballot machines. Sign up now to fight for our democracy.
Under my plan, we will have federal standards to ensure everyone can vote, including automatic and same-day registration, early voting, and vote by mail. We will also make Election Day a holiday to make it easier for people to get to the polls. Sign up now if you're with me.
Under my plan, there will be no more gerrymandering: states will be required to use independent redistricting commissions to draw federal congressional districts. If you're with me, sign up now.
Racist and partisan officials too often try to stop citizens from exercising the right to vote. Under my plan, we will have federal standards to ensure everyone can vote. No more arbitrary voter purges. No more registration issues. No more gerrymandering. Sign up now.
The Trump administration’s treatment of the people of Puerto Rico continues to be a complete failure. Our government needs to follow through and provide the aid that is rightfully owed to the island immediately. 
The right to vote is a fundamental right, and we have a solemn obligation to fight for it. Under my plan, we will have federal standards to ensure everyone can vote, including automatic and same-day registration, early voting, and vote by mail. If you're with me, sign up now.
Under my plan, federal elections will get state-of-the-art federal machines, federal ballots, and federal security. The federal government will replace insecure and outdated systems with hand-marked, voter-verified paper ballot machines. Sign up now to fight for our democracy.
Under my plan, we will have federal standards to ensure everyone can vote, including automatic and same-day registration, early voting, and vote by mail. We will also make Election Day a holiday to make it easier for people to get to the polls. Sign up now if you're with me.
Under my plan, there will be no more gerrymandering: states will be required to use independent redistricting commissions to draw federal congressional districts. If you're with me, sign up now.
Racist and partisan officials too often try to stop citizens from exercising the right to vote. Under my plan, we will have federal standards to ensure everyone can vote. No more arbitrary voter purges. No more registration issues. No more gerrymandering. Sign up now.
The right to vote is a fundamental right, and we have a solemn obligation to fight for it. Under my plan, we will have federal standards to ensure everyone can vote, including automatic and same-day registration, early voting, and vote by mail. If you're with me, sign up now.
It’s time to make voting easy and convenient, stop racist voter suppression, and secure our elections. I've got a plan to protect our democracy. 
Our democracy is too important for our elections to be under-resourced, undermined, and vulnerable. We need to do everything we can to make sure our elections are convenient, professional, and secure. Read my full plan here: 
Finally, we'll provide incentives and resources for states to improve state elections—and where racist or corrupt politicians refuse to follow the law, the federal government will temporarily take over the administration of their federal elections to guarantee the right to vote.
Next, we'll establish federal standards to ensure everyone can vote, including mandating automatic and same-day registration, early voting, and vote by mail. No more arbitrary voter purges, registration issues, or gerrymandering. We'll make Election Day a national holiday.
I'll start by making sure federal elections get state-of-the-art machines, ballots, and security. We'll replace every voting machine in the country with state-of-the-art equipment and require adoption of a uniform federal ballot. And we'll make sure those systems are secure.
We need a constitutional amendment to guarantee the right to vote. But we can also take action now. The federal government has the power to regulate federal elections, secure our democracy, and put a stop to racist voter suppression.
Our elections are less secure than your Amazon account. They're under-resourced and undermined by partisan and racist officials who try to stop people from exercising their right to vote. We need to protect our democracy—and I’ve got a plan for that: 
We have a plan for  a bill to make it happen. I’m glad we’re in this fight together, 
Our laws should reflect our values. A two-cent tax on the wealthiest 75,000 fortunes will help rebuild the middle class and give every family a shot at the American dream. 
  unveiled a plan Friday to end the government’s relationship with private prisons if she’s elected to the White H…
Donald Trump’s cruel threats of ICE raids are fear-mongering of the worst kind. In a Warren administration, we’ll protect immigrant families, fix our broken immigration system, and treat immigrant communities with dignity. 
Private immigration detention centers are exploitation for profit, and I’m glad to see Illinois ban them. My plan to end private prisons would require the rest of the country to do the same. 
 Many of our nation's immigrant stories are not so different from those of families who are striving to be part of the Americ…
My friend and colleague, Senator is a champion for working families in New Hampshire. Today a Republican opponent announced he’s running against Jeanne in 2020. We re-elected Jeanne in 2014, and we’ll do it again. Let’s help her win: 
People are dying at our border: Moms, babies, families sacrificing everything. We need to fix the Trump administration’s hateful immigration policies that treat immigrants like animals. Immigrant families belong together and deserve to be treated with respect. 
Elizabeth is thrilled to take the stage for the first debate of the Democratic presidential primary on Wednesday, June 26! Learn more about her plans for big, structural change.
Learn more about Elizabeth’s plans for big, structural change before the debate. She is fighting to restore our democracy and rebuild our economy — and she has a plan to win. Don’t miss her on the debate stage this Wednesday, June 26.
Elizabeth is thrilled to take the stage for the first debate of the Democratic presidential primary on Wednesday, June 26! Learn more about her plans for big, structural change.
Learn more about Elizabeth’s plans for big, structural change before the debate. She is fighting to restore our democracy and rebuild our economy — and she has a plan to win. Don’t miss her on the debate stage this Wednesday, June 26.
Elizabeth is thrilled to take the stage for the first debate of the Democratic presidential primary on Wednesday, June 26! Learn more about her plans for big, structural change.
Learn more about Elizabeth’s plans for big, structural change before the debate. She is fighting to restore our democracy and rebuild our economy — and she has a plan to win. Don’t miss her on the debate stage this Wednesday, June 26.
Elizabeth is thrilled to take the stage for the first debate of the Democratic presidential primary on Wednesday, June 26! Learn more about her plans for big, structural change.
Learn more about Elizabeth’s plans for big, structural change before the debate. She is fighting to restore our democracy and rebuild our economy — and she has a plan to win. Don’t miss her on the debate stage this Wednesday, June 26.
Elizabeth is thrilled to take the stage for the first debate of the Democratic presidential primary on Wednesday, June 26! Learn more about her plans for big, structural change.
Learn more about Elizabeth’s plans for big, structural change before the debate. She is fighting to restore our democracy and rebuild our economy — and she has a plan to win. Don’t miss her on the debate stage this Wednesday, June 26.
Learn more about Elizabeth’s plans for big, structural change before the debate. She is fighting to restore our democracy and rebuild our economy — and she has a plan to win. Don’t miss her on the debate stage this Wednesday, June 26.
Elizabeth is thrilled to take the stage for the first debate of the Democratic presidential primary on Wednesday, June 26! Learn more about her plans for big, structural change.
Learn more about Elizabeth’s plans for big, structural change before the debate. She is fighting to restore our democracy and rebuild our economy — and she has a plan to win. Don’t miss her on the debate stage this Wednesday, June 26.
Elizabeth is thrilled to take the stage for the first debate of the Democratic presidential primary on Wednesday, June 26! Learn more about her plans for big, structural change.
The cost of child care held me back until my Aunt Bee stepped in to help take care of Alex and Amelia. Today, it’s holding Amber and her family back. Every family should have access to high-quality, affordable child care.  
Together we can rebuild the middle class and make our economy work for the people—and I’ve got plans to actually make it happen. Will you chip in $3 to help build our grassroots operation across the country? Let’s dream big, fight hard, and win. 
The 8 Mile Wall was built in the 1940s to separate Black families from white families. It’s a powerful reminder that Black Americans still feel the impact of generations of racist federal laws—and a reminder that our government needs to make it right. 
When workers fight, workers win. 
Our criminal justice system is broken—and race is right at the center of what's wrong. Black Americans are more likely to be arrested, wrongfully convicted, and serve longer sentences than white Americans. It’s time to end mass incarceration. 
This is an attempt to block the young people at from voting and making their voices heard. The HD46 special election should be held on a different Tuesday. 
 I was glad to celebrate with you, and I’m proud to fight alongside you for reproductive justice!
If we want to beat Donald Trump, we have to grow this grassroots movement. I'm not spending my time behind closed doors with millionaires—I'm doing town halls and talking with grassroots voters. I need you to be a part of this fight:  
If you don’t want to take a bath, hide under the bed. No one will notice. 
It wasn’t until marriage equality became law that gay ; lesbian couples could jointly file tax returns—so they paid more in taxes. Our government owes them more than $50M for the years our discriminatory tax code left them out. We must right these wrongs. 
Twenty years ago, SCOTUS made a landmark decision in  v. L.C.: All people have a right to live a life of dignity and independence. Let’s recommit to fighting to see this promise truly fulfilled for the disability community. 
 WATCH on protecting access to safe, legal abortion: “We need to pass a federal law to make Roe v. Wade the rule of the…
Thank you for having me at today's  Forum. It's time to go on the offense to protect  in a Warren administration, we will defend and expand access to reproductive health care for everyone. 
Thank you, 
I had a fabulous time at the convention! This election is about one fundamental question: Who does this government work for? Right now it's working great for a thinner and thinner slice at the top. I'm in this fight because I want to make government work for all of us. 
Grateful for everyone who came out to the  last night—I had a fantastic time. Thank you for welcoming us to South Carolina, Rep. Clyburn! 
 I’m so glad you listened! Bodie is adorable, and I know you two will be a great team.
Fun fact: Meryl Streep and I share a birthday down to the year. (One of us has won multiple Oscars. Hint: It was definitely not me.) Happy birthday, Meryl! 
Thank you all so much! I couldn’t think of a better way to spend my birthday than by being out on the trail with all of you. 
  showing strong outside the  Stop by to dream big and fight hard with us! 
I love taking selfies—but has longer arms! 
It was wonderful to speak with about our vision for the future of this country and the big, structural change we need in order to make it a reality. 
Happy  Want to grab a drink soon with Bruce and me? Make a donation of any amount and you’ll automatically be entered for the chance to win a trip to meet us. Of course, Bailey will be there too.  
 Who’s ready for the fish fry? 
Welcome to the fight, Ella! I can tell she’s already dreaming big (and napping hard). 
Extremist Republicans are afraid of young people and communities of color making their voices heard. It should be safe and easy to vote—that’s why I’m fighting for a constitutional amendment that guarantees the right to vote and to have that vote counted. 
I do! My latest plan would ban all private prisons ; detention facilities and stop companies from charging incarcerated ; detained people for essential services, so we can finally put an end to private profiteering off of cruelty. Read all about it here:  
 "La inmigración nos hace más fuertes, no más débiles", respondió en  a una pregunta sobre su plan m…
 is a powerful advocate for the Latino community and for making sure everyone’s voice is heard. Deeply grateful for our conversation this morning at  
Deporting hundreds of families—separating more children from their parents in the process—is inhumane. Our immigration policies should reflect America's values, not betray them. My administration will defend and protect immigrants and their families. 
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy and build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for SC and for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for SC and for all Americans.
We need to face the systemic problems in our immigration system by providing a pathway to citizenship, protecting our  and keeping families together. My new plan to shut down private prisons and detention facilities is a step in that direction.  
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy and build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for SC and for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for SC and for all Americans.
It's not enough to say that we don't want conflict—we must make one less likely. Congress must make clear that war with Iran is not authorized. We should work with our allies to deescalate tensions and create space for diplomacy. We can't afford another forever war.
When it comes to the future of our country, it’s not a question of more government or less government. It’s about who government works for.In a Warren administration, our government will work for the people.
The companies running prisons and detention centers sacrifice safety to boost their bottom line. So here’s what I’ll do as president: Ban private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up now.
We need significant reform to end mass incarceration and all of the unnecessary, cruel, and punitive forms of immigration detention that have taken root in the Trump Administration. I’ll start by banning private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up now.
Our criminal and immigration systems are tearing apart communities of color and devastating the poor, including children — and huge corporations are  profiteering off of their cruelty. Here’s what I’ll do: Ban private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up.
Our criminal and immigration systems are tearing apart communities of color and devastating the poor, including children — and huge corporations are  profiteering off of their cruelty. Here’s what I’ll do: Ban private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up.
We need significant reform to end mass incarceration and all of the unnecessary, cruel, and punitive forms of immigration detention that have taken root in the Trump Administration. I’ll start by banning private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up now.
The companies running prisons and detention centers sacrifice safety to boost their bottom line. So here’s what I’ll do as president: Ban private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up now.
Our criminal and immigration systems are tearing apart communities of color and devastating the poor, including children — and huge corporations are  profiteering off of their cruelty. Here’s what I’ll do: Ban private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up.
We need significant reform to end mass incarceration and all of the unnecessary, cruel, and punitive forms of immigration detention that have taken root in the Trump Administration. I’ll start by banning private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up now.
The companies running prisons and detention centers sacrifice safety to boost their bottom line. So here’s what I’ll do as president: Ban private prisons and detention facilities. If you’re with me, sign up now.
In just a few minutes, I’ll be on the stage at  I hope you’ll tune in! 
Washington hands billions to corporations profiting off of inhumane detention and incarceration policies while ignoring the families that are destroyed. It's corruption, plain and simple. Incarcerating and detaining millions for profit doesn’t keep us safe. We must do better.
Finally, I'll hold contractors accountable by expanding oversight, transparency and enforcement. It’s time to shine sunlight on the black box of private services that receive taxpayer dollars.
Next, I'll prohibit contractors from charging service fees for essential services, like phone calls, bank transfers, and health care. Companies shouldn’t be able to treat incarcerated individuals as captive profit centers.
First, I'll end all contracts between the Bureau of Prisons, ICE, and the U.S. Marshals Service and private detention providers. There should be no place in America for profiting off of putting more people behind bars or in detention.
The government has a basic responsibility to keep the people in its care safe—not to use their punishment and detention as an opportunity for profit. As president, I'll ban all private prisons and detention facilities: 
Our criminal and immigration systems are tearing apart communities of color and devastating the poor, including children. Women—especially women of color—are particularly saddled with the financial burden.
And the exploitation doesn’t end when people leave these facilities. For-profit supervision companies (which are often run by the same private prison corporations) get rich by charging outrageous fees for monitoring and supervision services like ankle monitors.
The companies running prisons and detention centers regularly sacrifice safety to boost their bottom line. Private contractors in both public and private centers regularly cut corners to maximize margins and come up with schemes to make millions off of incarcerated people.
The private prison population has grown rapidly since 2000. And with Donald Trump in the White House, private prison companies saw an opportunity to make millions off of his cruel immigration policies. Today, 73% of detained immigrants are held in private detention facilities.
Private prison companies have spent millions to turn our criminal and immigration policies into ones that prioritize making them rich instead of keeping us safe—with terrible consequences. Today I’m announcing my plan to end this private profiteering off of cruelty.
Donald Trump promised to bring our troops home. Instead he has pulled out of a deal that was working and instigated another unnecessary conflict. There is no justification for further escalating this crisis—we need to step back from the brink of war. 
Here's my big idea: I want to cancel student loan debt and provide universal free college. And we can pay for it all with my Ultra-Millionaire Tax. 
This is what happens when the president of the United States picks a former big coal lobbyist to lead the I’ve got not one but two plans to ensure that, in a Warren administration, we’ll make big, structural changes to protect our environment.
We’re ready to fight this with all we’ve got. 
This is more than just a bad ruling—it’s condoning an ugly attack targeted at women with low incomes and women of color. We’ll fight this. 
CA’s Student Borrower Bill of Rights will help thousands of students. I'll keep fighting to go a step further: Making public college free for all and canceling student debt for 95% of Americans who have it.
I already introduced the most sweeping plan since Watergate to root out corruption. And when it comes to national security, I went even further: A bill that would slam the revolving door between giant contractors and the Pentagon. Read more about it here: 
Donald Trump named a former top executive to replace a former executive at We need to call this out for what it is: A transition of power at the Pentagon from one huge defense contractor to another.  
 Thanks for fighting the good fight every day, Shannon. Together, we will end the gun violence epidemic in America.
Trump provoked this crisis, and his reckless foreign policy by tweet will only worsen it. I've co-sponsored legislation to prohibit a war with Iran. We need to de-escalate tensions—not let the war hawks in this administration drag us into conflict. 
This investigation makes it clear: The Saudi Arabian government deliberately planned to murder journalist Jamal Khashoggi. He and his family deserve justice—but Donald Trump has done nothing to hold the Saudis accountable. 
I'm glad to see the Oklahoma Supreme Court has upheld a petition allowing the people to vote on Medicaid expansion. Health care is a basic human right, and all Okies should be able to access health care.
A few months ago I met a public school science teacher and activist, at an organizing event in Brooklyn, NY. Liat gave me a great idea: The next Secretary of Education should be a former public school teacher. I agreed—and pledged to make it happen. 
I’m glad to introduce the Refund Equality Act in the Senate. Our bill ensures legally-married, same-sex couples can claim the tax refunds they earned, but were denied before marriage equality was the law of the land. 
  doesn’t spend her time at swanky fundraisers—she spends her time meeting voters and on the phone with grassroots…
I’ve got a plan:✔ For Universal Child Care✔ To break up Big Tech✔ For student debt cancellation and free public collegeAnd I’m just getting started! Donate $3 to help me keep the momentum going and meet our FEC fundraising deadline. 
America needs to face the things we’ve done wrong and take steps towards making it right. My housing plan creates a first-of-its-kind down-payment assistance program to help Black and Brown families living in formerly redlined neighborhoods buy a home. 
 Today we celebrate Juneteenth (short for “June Nineteenth”) a holiday commemorating the effective end of slavery in the United S…
On  I’m thinking about how our country needs big, structural change to confront the oppression that Black Americans still face today. Black lives matter, Black citizens matter, Black families matter. 
Our country must confront the impact that generations of slavery and racist policies still have on Black Americans. I support legislation to study and develop plans for reparations. 
It’s long past time to bring our troops home, and Congress should always have a vigorous and very public debate before sending our troops into harm's way. I support amendment to repeal the current AUMF and help  
Right now, the average cost of child care for one child can take up to 36% of a family’s total income. My plan for  would make child care free for millions of families and affordable for everyone. 
This is exactly right. Congress should pass new federal laws that protect access to reproductive health care for everyone. 
Facebook has too much power and a terrible track record when it comes to protecting our private information. We need to hold them accountable—not give them the chance to access even more user data.  
 I am proud that our campaign has received an endorsement from — a true champion for working people. Senator Wa…
 Sen. Elizabeth Warren speaks at  "Tell me how you spend your money and I'll tell you what your values are…
Woo-hoo! I’m deeply grateful that you’re part of this fight. One by one, we’re going to return the power to the people and win in 2020.  
 The student loan crisis is crushing an entire generation in New Hampshire and across the country—but has a plan…
Elizabeth Warren’s birthday is coming up — and we’ve got a plan to wish her a happy birthday! Will you join us? Sign our birthday card for Elizabeth right now.
Elizabeth Warren’s birthday is coming up — and we’ve got a plan to wish her a happy birthday! Will you join us? Sign our birthday card for Elizabeth right now.
We’re coming up on a very special day — Elizabeth’s birthday! Can you take 10 seconds to sign her birthday card? Sign the card and wish Elizabeth a happy birthday.
We’re coming up on a very special day — Elizabeth’s birthday! Can you take 10 seconds to sign her birthday card? Sign the card and wish Elizabeth a happy birthday.
I’m proud to endorse Tiffany Cabán for Queens DA in New York. will fight for working families and work to end mass incarceration. Make sure you get out and vote for Tiffany next Tuesday, June 25th. In the meantime, head to  to volunteer!
We need the people making investment decisions to look like the rest of America. That’s why I have a new plan: A Small Business Equity Fund to help close the startup capital gap for entrepreneurs of color. 
Juneteenth isn’t just about celebrating the end of slavery in Texas. It’s a necessary reminder that 154 years later, Black Americans still feel the harsh reality that the fight for racial equality in our country is far from over. I’m in that fight all the way.
Donald Trump’s treatment of those seeking a better life in our country is inhumane. Make no mistake: In a Warren administration, we will defend and protect immigrants and their families. 
 is personal for me. I struggled to find care for my babies—until my Aunt Bee stepped in. Not everyone is lucky enough to have an Aunt Bee, and this plan is for them. Try my calculator to see how much you'd save under my plan. 
I’ve got a plan—and now a bill—for  Today, Rep. and I introduced a new proposal that would make high-quality, affordable child care a reality for every family in America. 
At  yesterday, I talked with and Rev. about how is building a grassroots operation across the country. I’ve been to 20 states and Puerto Rico—and we’re just getting started! 
I’m fighting for funding to study gun violence alongside and  how to end the gun violence epidemic in our country once and for all. 
If you’re getting crushed by student loan debt, there’s a good chance our new bill will help. Use my calculator to see how much of your debt would get canceled under the Warren-Clyburn proposal:  
My new plan with Rep. James Clyburn:✅ Cancels student loan debt for more than 95% of people who carry it✅ Wipes out *all* debt for more than 75% of people who carry it It’s the big, structural change that our economy and our students need.
Part of confronting America’s racial wealth gap is acknowledging the role that our federal government played in keeping Black and Brown Americans from home ownership. That’s why my plan for fair housing provides assistance for families living in formerly redlined areas. 
Health care is a basic human right, but right now our health care is under attack. The rules are written in favor of Big Pharma and health insurance executives—while rural communities get kicked to the curb. Time for  
I hope Iran chooses a different path. But let's be clear: Trump provoked this crisis. He has no strategy to contain it, he's burned through our friends and allies, and now he's doubling down on military force. We can't afford another forever war. 
 “It’s structural change that interests me. And when I say structural, the point is to say if you get the structures right,…
I don’t spend time at fancy fundraisers. Instead, I spend my time meeting voters and thanking grassroots donors who chip in what they can. Donate $3 to my campaign, and you might just get a call from me to thank you! 
It was never about a cake—it’s about making sure no one has a license to discriminate against LGBTQ+ Americans. The lower court needs to make the right decision, and until then, we’ll keep fighting for equal rights. 
Deeply saddened by the loss of my friend Frank LaMere. Frank was a longtime member and activist, and I’m going to miss him. 
We’re in the fight for racial and economic justice. Thank you and Rev. for a powerful conversation at the  
I agree with No president is above the law. Congress should do its job and begin impeachment proceedings. 
At the  this weekend, we talked about how discrimination was actively fostered by the U.S. government—and how I have multiple plans to close the racial wealth gap. 
I’m still heartsick for the lives we lost that day. In a Warren administration, we will use the Justice Department to end the rise of white supremacy. 
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Sign up now to enter and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me. Good luck!
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Sign up now to enter and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me. Good luck!
It’s an honor to fight for economic justice alongside and Rev. Looking forward to the  today and discussing how we can overcome systemic racism and inequality. Tune in at 4:00 PM ET to watch: 
We can end the student loan debt crisis that’s crushing millions of Americans—and we can make universal free college a reality. Will you become a citizen co-sponsor of Rep. James Clyburn’s and my bill to solve the student loan debt crisis?  
We can’t build a future by crushing the dreams and hopes of our young people. That's why Rep. James Clyburn and I introduced a bill to cancel up to $50,000 of your student loan debt, so that you can achieve your goals and dreams.  
For far too long the American Dream has been out of reach for Black business owners. I've got a plan to fix that, starting with a $7 billion dollar fund to help them start and grow their own small businesses.  
I hope you’ll read this powerful story from my friend, We need  you bet I’m fighting for it all the way. 
I knew my father always had my back. He wanted to make sure I could chase after my dreams. Here’s why I wouldn’t be here today if my daddy hadn’t pushed open a door so I could have a fighting chance. 
Happy Father’s Day to all the dads who are fighting for their children’s futures—and who set the example every day of what it means to care for the people you love. My daddy was a cool guy. He taught me to dream big and fight hard, and I wish I could call him today. 
Dana Martin. Ashanti Carmon. Claire Legato. Muhlaysia Booker. Paris Cameron. Michelle “Tamika” Washington. Chynal Lindsey. Jazzaline Ware. Chanel Scurlock. And now Zoe Spears. The murder of Black trans women is a crisis. We’ll fight this, and we will continue to say their names. 
  in Des Moines is 🔥! Basketball tournaments, live music, a bouncy house and of course 
Today seven years ago, President implemented  to give a generation of immigrants a chance to build a future in the country they call home. I will  and keep standing up to Donald Trump’s cruel attacks on immigrant communities.
My new plan will create jobs, spur economic growth, and move us closer to an America where everyone has a fair shot to succeed. 
It should be quick and easy to join a union. Let’s keep up this fight so casino workers in Nevada and across the country have the right to unionize and collectively bargain.  
 “We work, we sweat for $15 on our check” ✊🏽✊🏽✊🏽 We’re here to fight with workers and  because THIS IS WHAT…
We need to do better by America’s workers—and that means economic justice. I’m in the  because we need to make living wages a reality. 
My friend is a powerful advocate for our veterans and breaking down the stigma around PTSD. Thank you for your bravery, Jason. 
Every American should have a fair shot at starting a small business—but today, the playing field is tilted against Black and Brown entrepreneurs. My new plan would put an end to that. 
My first Democratic presidential primary debate is on Wednesday, June 26 on I can’t wait to discuss my plans for big, structural change. Will you chip in $3 now to keep up the momentum before June 26? 
Jared Kushner is a walking conflict of interest. After he failed to fully divest from his family’s real estate empire, Freddie Mac is now guaranteeing Kushner Cos. an $800 million loan. We need answers on whether his company got special treatment.
Let’s fight hard and  together! 
If you have good ideas and work hard, you should be able to build a small business and make a living. Black and Brown entrepreneurs are held back by a start-up capital gap that makes it harder to start and grow their business. I've got a plan to fix that. 
I’d love to grab a drink and chat with you. Donate here to be automatically entered—and I hope I’ll see you soon!  
We just got the news: Elizabeth will be in the Democratic presidential primary debate on Wednesday, June 26! Sign up now to learn more about Elizabeth’s plans for big structural change and say you’ll be with her when she takes the stage.
We just got the news: Elizabeth will be in the Democratic presidential primary debate on Wednesday, June 26! Will you chip in so we can have the strongest possible grassroots movement fighting alongside her?
We just got the news: Elizabeth will be in the Democratic presidential primary debate on Wednesday, June 26! Will you chip in so we can have the strongest possible grassroots movement fighting alongside her?
We just got the news: Elizabeth will be in the Democratic presidential primary debate on Wednesday, June 26! Will you chip in so we can have the strongest possible grassroots movement fighting alongside her?
We just got the news: Elizabeth will be in the Democratic presidential primary debate on Wednesday, June 26! Will you chip in so we can have the strongest possible grassroots movement fighting alongside her?
We just got the news: Elizabeth will be in the Democratic presidential primary debate on Wednesday, June 26! Sign up now to learn more about Elizabeth’s plans for big structural change and say you’ll be with her when she takes the stage.
I’m looking forward to the first debate of the Democratic presidential primary on Wednesday, June 26 on and having an opportunity to discuss my plans for big, structural change in this country. Let’s dream big, fight hard, and win!
Don’t take the selfie without me! 
I’m relieved that the governor of Puerto Rico has requested that this bill, which would allow religious freedom to be used as an excuse to discriminate against the LGBTQ+ community, be withdrawn. Now let's keep fighting for the LGBTQ+ community. 
The Small Business Equity Fund will create jobs, spur economic growth, and move us closer to an America where everyone has a fair shot to succeed. And the entire cost of this plan will be paid for by my Ultra-Millionaire Tax. Read my full plan here: 
This tilts the field against entrepreneurs of color. So I plan to address this disparity head on too. I will require states and cities administering my new Fund to work with diverse investment managers—putting $7 billion in the hands of minority-and women-owned managers.
But even if we fully close the startup capital gap, deep systemic issues will continue to tilt the playing field. 86% of venture capitalists are white, and studies show that investors are more likely to partner with entrepreneurs who look like them.
$7 billion ensures that if Black, Latinx, ; Native American entrepreneurs start businesses at the same rate as white entrepreneurs, we could fully close the startup capital gap for the next ten years—supporting over 100,000 new businesses and 1.1 million new jobs.
As president, I will launch a $7 billion Small Business Equity Fund to provide grants to entrepreneurs—not loans or loan guarantees. Loans aren’t as good as equity because they leave businesses with debt when they’re trying to grow. Equity helps businesses thrive from the start.
That disparity in startup capital is creating a small business gap that costs us millions of jobs ; billions in economic growth. And it's another example of how the racial wealth gap in America hurts Black, Latinx, Native American, and other minority families ; communities.
On average, Black, Latinx, Native American, and other minority households have significantly less wealth than white households. So they have less to put into their small businesses, and less collateral to get outside credit.
The racial wealth gap tilts the playing field against entrepreneurs of color, holding back our economy. The government helped create that wealth gap, and the government has an obligation to address it. I have a new plan to tackle it head on.
Thank you, I’m honored to have your support. 
Mueller’s statement made clear what those of us who have read his report already knew: He’s referring Trump for impeachment. Yesterday, Trump said—once again—that he’d take information from a foreign government. It’s up to Congress to act. 
A hostile foreign government interfered in the 2016 election, and Trump welcomed their help. Now Trump says he’ll welcome that help again. I've said it before, and I'll say it again: We have a constitutional responsibility to begin impeachment proceedings. 
This bill is an important first step. But we can't let future generations be trapped by another student debt crisis. That's why I've also got a plan to provide universal free public college for all. Read all about it here: 
You can use my student debt calculator to find out how much you could save if we pass the Warren-Clyburn proposal: 
We'll free up an entire generation so that they can buy homes, launch businesses, and start their families. And our bill will also provide an enormous middle-class stimulus and reduce the racial wealth gap.
Our bill will cancel student loan debt for more than 95% of Americans who carry it, and wipe out student loan debt entirely for more than 75% of Americans with that debt.
Student loan debt is crushing an entire generation. That’s why Rep. James Clyburn—who has always been a leader on economic justice issues—and I are introducing a truly transformational bill to cancel up to $50,000 in student loan debt for 42 million Americans. 
This made me laugh. (You’re fine, Varsha!) It was great chatting with you. 
Health care is a basic human right—and we fight for basic human rights. When I lead the Democratic Party, we will be a party that says: We’re the wealthiest nation in the history of the world, so yes, we can afford  
Massachusetts has always been a leader in the fight for quality, affordable health care, and I was proud to lend my support to their fight for Medicare for All. Now let's get this done for everyone across the country. 
 CONFIRMED! to participate in the NALEO Presidential Candidate Forum Fri., June 21 at Center in Miami! Cand…
The  made it clear: A foreign government attacked our 2016 elections to support Trump, Trump welcomed that help, and Trump obstructed the investigation. Now, he said he'd do it all over again. It's time to impeach Donald Trump. 
Trump’s companies continue to take money from foreign governments with business before his White House. This reeks of corruption. My  bill would make these conflicts of interest illegal. 
This is just another petty, cruel way for the Trump administration to signal they won't support or defend LGBTQ+ communities at home or abroad. We should fly the Pride flag proudly—and take real, meaningful actions to bolster ; protect LGBTQ+ civil rights.
My heart is with the people of Hong Kong as they fight for their freedoms and the rule of law, even in the face of violence from their own government. The United States will always stand with those who stand up for democracy and human rights around the world.
No one should be afraid to be who they are at work. That's why I've co-sponsored the Equality Act in the Senate—and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for it. 
When 49 people were murdered at Pulse three years ago, it was an attack on our LGBTQ+ and Latinx communities. Today I’m remembering the victims and their loved ones, and I promise to  by continuing to fight for  
Running for president: That’s what girls do. I’m glad to have you both in this fight, Tracy! 
Religious freedom cannot be used as an excuse to discriminate against the LGBTQ+ community. Everyone deserves to live and love freely—no exceptions. 
Right now, America’s foreign policies work great for the rich and powerful but fail everyone else. We need to recognize that policies that undermine working families in this country also erode America’s strength in the world. As president, I’ll change that. 
Our environment is in crisis—but I have a plan. My Green Manufacturing Plan helps our planet and creates over a million new green jobs. Will you chip in $3 to help keep up the momentum and turn this plan into reality? 
My plan would provide thousands of families with a real chance to buy a home — the same opportunities the government denied to previous generations of residents of the area.
My housing plan creates a first-of-its-kind down-payment assistance program. First-time homebuyers who live in formerly redlined neighborhoods or communities that were segregated by law and are currently low-income are eligible for assistance. 
The legacy of our federal government’s racist redlining policies still hurts Black and Brown families. The gap between white homeownership and Black homeownership rates today is about 30% — bigger than it was in 1960 when housing discrimination was legal. 
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
I grew up on the ragged edge of the middle class. My daddy ended up as a janitor and my mother worked the phones at Sears. We didn’t have much money—but like millions of other families, we got by. Today I’m in this fight to make our government and economy work for working people. 
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Tech entrepreneurs should have a fighting chance to compete against giants like Amazon, Google, and Facebook. My plan to  is good for small businesses and good for our economy. 
We’re looking for fired-up supporters to host  debate watch parties—I hope you’ll considering hosting one! 
Tomorrow is Primary Day in Virginia! I hope the people of Virginia head to the polls and make their voices heard. Find your polling place here: 
I'm in this fight for our children's futures—starting with  and early education for all of our kids, paid for with a tax on the richest 0.1% of Americans. Chip in $3, or whatever you can, to help fight for big, structural change. 
Saudi Arabia’s coalition has killed Yemeni civilians with bombs stamped Made in America. Now the White House is handing over sensitive smart bomb technology to Saudi Arabia. Enough. Time to end support for this cruel and senseless war. 
Our government is failing those who have risked everything for a shot at a better life in our country. This is inhumane and we need answers—now.
Thank you for a great Hall of Fame event! 
 Six years ago, David Ortiz's spirit and resolve helped us all begin to heal from the Boston Marathon bombing. Today, I wan…
 Iowa is ready to  
The Hyde Amendment harms the most vulnerable women and limits their ability to safely access abortion. When I’m president, I’ll fight like hell to overturn it. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to protect the women who are most vulnerable.
Every time we deny women access to safe, legal abortion, we put their lives in danger. We do not pass laws that take away that freedom from the women who are most vulnerable. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to overturn the Hyde Amendment.
Every time we deny women access to safe, legal abortion, we put their lives in danger. We do not pass laws that take away that freedom from the women who are most vulnerable. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to overturn the Hyde Amendment.
Every time we deny women access to safe, legal abortion, we put their lives in danger. We do not pass laws that take away that freedom from the women who are most vulnerable. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to overturn the Hyde Amendment.
The Hyde Amendment harms the most vulnerable women and limits their ability to safely access abortion. When I’m president, I’ll fight like hell to overturn it. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to protect the women who are most vulnerable.
The Hyde Amendment harms the most vulnerable women and limits their ability to safely access abortion. When I’m president, I’ll fight like hell to overturn it. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to protect the women who are most vulnerable.
Stopped by a  organizing house party in Waterloo yesterday afternoon to thank grassroots supporters. From tackling climate change and flooding head on, to doing right by our farmers, I’m in this fight all the way. 
For me, this fight is personal. From  to free public college, I’ve got plans to level the playing field for working families. With and grassroots supporters across the country, we’ll turn those plans into big, structural change. 
Running for president: That's what women do! 
Loopholes, deductions, exemptions. There are lots of benefits to being a corporation like Amazon—which made over $10 billion in profits and paid $0 in federal corporate income taxes last year. My Real Corporate Profits Tax would make corporations like Amazon pay their fair share. 
 Last week, a young persister asked Elizabeth: Why is there sexism today? So had an important conversation with her…
Today I'm thinking about the people marching in the National Puerto Rican Day Parade. We need leadership that puts the interests of all U.S. citizens—including our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico—ahead of Wall Street’s profit margins. 
Last week when I was in Michigan, I rolled out a new plan to fight climate change and create over a million new jobs. Read more about my Green Manufacturing Plan here. 
I didn’t march in last year’s Parade—I danced! The whole march is a celebration of unity and love, and a chance to recommit to fighting like hell for LGBTQ+ equality. Happy Pride, Boston!   
I’m proud that Massachusetts was the first state to make marriage equality the law of the land—and I’m deeply grateful every time I get to march in the parade. Though I’m not there in person this year, I’m fighting alongside you today and every day!  
I got an important question in Lansing earlier this week. On  and every day, I’m fighting my heart out to end the gun violence epidemic in this country and fight the influence on our government. 
Here’s what my Green Manufacturing Plan would do:✅Make a real investment in science✅Commit $1.5 trillion to our federal government to buy American and buy green✅Develop and manufacture American products here to sell all around the world 
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy and build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for IA and for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for IA and for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy and build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for IA and for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for IA and for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy and build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for IA and for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for IA and for all Americans.
Payday lenders spent buckets of money on Trump's campaign and properties. Then Trump's director, Kathy Kraninger, did the predatory payday lending industry a huge favor by rolling back important regulations. It's corruption, plain and simple. 
When I was in Michigan this week, I met a lot of young people who were fired up and ready to fight for big, structural change. I’m glad to see Michigan make it easier for college students to vote! 
Trump's former chief of staff played a huge role in the inhumane family separation policy. Now John Kelly's joining the board of a company that runs Homestead, the largest detention center for migrant kids. Rep. and I are demanding answers. 
I’m deeply grateful for your support, Rod! 
When a candidate tells you about all the things that aren’t possible, about how political calculations come first, they’re telling you something very important: they are telling you that they will not fight for you. Not me. I’m here to fight. Sign up now to join the fight.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. Sign up to join the fight.
• Pass a 0.02$ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. Sign up now to join the fight.
When a candidate tells you about all the things that aren’t possible, about how political calculations come first, they’re telling you something very important: they are telling you that they will not fight for you. Not me. I’m here to fight. Sign up now to join the fight.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. Sign up to join the fight.
• Pass a 0.02$ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. Sign up now to join the fight.
On  I’m thinking about how our country loses an average of seven children and teens to gun violence every day. Enough is enough. I’m fighting like hell for  and to end the death grip on our federal government.
I’m grateful to fight alongside this team every day and celebrate  with them all month long! 
We had a great organizing event in Detroit earlier this week, and one of the best parts was receiving more notes from people in the selfie line! I love reading about what gets people into this fight for big, structural change. 
Ninety-five town halls completed, 28,000 pictures taken, 425 audience questions answered—and we’re just getting started. Thank you to everyone who tuned in or showed up to our  last night! 
The Hyde Amendment limits women's access to safe, legal abortion—particularly women of color.  It’s time for Hyde to go. 
I'm in the fight for reproductive rights all the way. We need to:✅End the  and Trump’s gag rule✅Pass the EACH Woman Act ✅Ensure that  includes contraception and abortion coverage✅Defend  family planning funding
Thank you to the community of Elkhart for an inspiring organizing event yesterday. I’m grateful down to my toes to have you in this fight, and I’ll never stop fighting for new, good jobs in Indiana and across the country. 
Here’s what really troubles me: The Trump administration keeps trying to deny science across the board. At our  I made it clear: Climate change is one of the biggest crises we face, and we need to make big, structural changes in order to address it head on. 
To me, this is what leadership is about: You start with what you believe is right, and you get out there and fight for it. 
On today's  we remember the courage and sacrifice of those who fought to liberate Europe and secure the world's freedom. We honor them by fighting to make the world a better and more just place, today and every day.
My campaign has submitted their support to join 2320. Every worker who wants to join a union, bargain collectively, ; make their voice heard should have a chance to do so. The labor movement has long fought for the dignity of working people, ; we’re proud to be part of it.
Of course I stayed for selfies after our  I’m deeply grateful for everyone who tuned in. 
Gov. Inslee is exactly right. Climate change is the biggest challenge we face. Every candidate running for president should have a serious set of policies to address it, and should be eager to defend those proposals in a debate. 
The Hyde Amendment harms the most vulnerable women and limits their ability to safely access abortion. It's time for Hyde to go.  
 When we're willing to fight, we can move Congress. saw that happen when people across the country pushed to save h…
 If we want big structural change, then we need to put power back in the hands of employees. That's why wants to ma…
  is ready to work across the aisle—like when she worked with Republicans to make hearing aids available over the c…
 The Mueller report makes it clear: A foreign government attacked our 2016 elections to support Trump, Trump welcomed that h…
  has a plan to increase the amount of money we put into research and development—and to keep the production of new…
  has big plans—and she knows exactly how she's going to pay for them.  
I’m here because I’m a fighter. We can give up or we can get in this fight together. That’s how we’re going to build our grassroots movement, win in 2020, and make big, structural change. Will you chip in $3 to our Official 2020 campaign? 
I’m here because I’m a fighter. We can give up or we can get in this fight together. That’s how we’re going to build our grassroots movement, win in 2020, and make big, structural change. Will you chip in $3 to our Official 2020 campaign? 
I’m here because I’m a fighter. We can give up or we can get in this fight together. That’s how we’re going to build our grassroots movement, win in 2020, and make big, structural change. Will you chip in $3 to our Official 2020 campaign? 
I’m here because I’m a fighter. We can give up or we can get in this fight together. That’s how we’re going to build our grassroots movement, win in 2020, and make big, structural change. Will you chip in $3 to our Official 2020 campaign? 
I’m here because I’m a fighter. We can give up or we can get in this fight together. That’s how we’re going to build our grassroots movement, win in 2020, and make big, structural change. Will you chip in $3 to our Official 2020 campaign?  
If we want good jobs in our country, then we need stronger unions and more power in the hands of the people. It should be quick and easy to join a union. Unions built the middle class, and unions will rebuild the middle class. Sign up now if you agree. 
Mueller’s statement made clear what those of us who have read his report already knew: He’s referring President Trump for impeachment, and it’s up to Congress to act. And they should. 
I've got a plan to make sure that no president is above the law: Pass a law clarifying Congress’s intent that the Department of Justice can indict the President of the United States. If you agree, sign our petition now.
If we want good jobs in our country, then we need stronger unions and more power in the hands of the people. It should be quick and easy to join a union. Unions built the middle class, and unions will rebuild the middle class. 
When our country went to the moon, we did it by investing in science, innovation, and our workers. That’s what we need to do right now to make the  a reality. Read more about how my Green Manufacturing Plan would help us get there. 
  Aunt Bee stepped up to help when she couldn’t find good child care. But not every family is lucky enough to hav…
 The opioid crisis is devastating communities across the country. has a plan to invest $100 billion to tackle this…
 We want good, American jobs that families can build a future on. has a plan to create more than a million jobs her…
In 2005, millions of families were at the edge: Losing their jobs, homes, and savings. Meanwhile credit card companies wanted to wring every last dime out of them. I got in the fight all the way for those families because you don’t get what you don’t fight for. 
You can’t just wave your arms and make jobs happen. You have to have a plan—and I do. My Green Manufacturing Plan would create more than a million new, good jobs on which people can build a future. We need to do right by workers across the country. Sign up now. 
Here’s the deal: Our opioid crisis is getting worse. We need big, structural change to address it. My opioid plan with Rep. Elijah Cummings includes $100 billion to hit this opioid epidemic head on and bring it to its knees. Let’s save the people we love. 
Here’s my latest plan to help tackle climate change: Invest $2T over the next 10 years in green R;D, manufacturing, ; exporting — linking American innovation directly to American jobs, ; helping achieve the ambitious targets of the Green New Deal. Sign up now if you're with me.
You can’t just wave your arms and make jobs happen. You have to have a plan—and I do. My Green Manufacturing Plan would create more than a million new, good jobs on which people can build a future. We need to do right by workers in Indiana and across the country. 
 I will not support any effort to take rights away from women who are the most vulnerable. It’s time for Hyde to go. 
The immoral Hyde Amendment should not be the law. I’ll fight like hell to overturn it. Every time we deny women access to safe, legal abortion, we put their lives in danger. Sign up now if you agree. 
The immoral Hyde Amendment should not be the law. I’ll fight like hell to overturn it. Every time we deny women access to safe, legal abortion, we put their lives in danger. 
When I was growing up, before Roe v. Wade, people still got abortions. Some were lucky. Others weren’t. They all went through hell. The overwhelming majority of Americans have no desire to return to the world before Roe. Add your name if you’re ready to fight back.
Congress should create federal, statutory rights that parallel Roe’s protections. We must ensure that choice remains the law — even if the Supreme Court overturns Roe. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to get this done.
Congress should pass new federal laws that protect access to reproductive care from right-wing ideologues in the states: federal laws that ensure real access to birth control and abortion care for all women. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to get this done.
We’re in Fort Wayne tonight because the people of Indiana know we need an economy that works not just for the people at the top, but for everyone. We need our economy and government to work for the people—and that’s what we’re fighting to do. 
In just a few minutes, I’ll be live from Fort Wayne, Indiana at our town hall! I hope you’ll tune in.  
Don’t forget to tune in! 
When a candidate tells you about all the things that aren’t possible, about how political calculations come first, they’re telling you something very important: they are telling you that they will not fight for you. Not me. I’m here to fight. Sign up now to join the fight.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy, if we are going to build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. Sign up to join the fight.
• Pass a 0.02$ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. Sign up now to join the fight.
YAY, my Pride merch is here! Looking forward to wearing this shirt all  long. 
Yesterday in Lansing, we talked about how we need to defend and create American jobs—not cater to the interests of Wall Street. My Green Manufacturing Plan would create over a million good, new jobs that will help working families in Michigan and across the country. 
Roe v. Wade has been the law of the land for over 46 years—but that isn’t stopping extreme lawmakers who are closer than ever to outlawing safe, legal abortion. Read more about my plan for Congressional action to protect choice: 
Our second town hall is tonight—see you soon, Tune in at 8 PM ET to watch me answer questions live from Fort Wayne, Indiana about the future of our country.  
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Yay—William guessed that it was me on the first try! This is how I’m doing “call time” on our grassroots campaign: On the phone with grassroots donors, not at swanky fundraisers. 
This is a big win for Nevada, and I’m glad to see state employees organize and make their voices heard. Unions built the middle class and unions will rebuild the middle class. 
Right now, Washington is broken. But I still believe in Bobby Kennedy’s ripple of hope. I believe that history is shaped from numberless diverse acts of courage. And you bet I’ll keep fighting for a better America.
But that promise isn’t gone. It’s not gone in the eyes of the people I meet who remember Bobby’s presidential campaign in 1968. And it’s not gone in the millions of people who still believe that we can build a better future for our children and grandchildren.
I remember how, when Bobby Kennedy was assassinated 51 years ago today, the promise of a better America seemed to vanish. Our country continued down a dangerous road where the rich got richer, and everyone else got left behind.
Grateful down to my toes for the fired-up, grassroots supporters at our organizing event in Detroit today. Together we can level the playing field for working families in Michigan and across the country. 
I’m glad to see House Democrats pass a Dream Act with 237 votes today. Now the Senate needs to do its job and pass the  act. 
As we celebrate 100 years of the  we recommit to fighting the systemic barriers that have disenfranchised women of color for generations. Let’s start with a constitutional amendment guaranteeing the right to vote for everyone.
My Green Manufacturing Plan is a win for our planet, our workers, and our economy. Here’s how it works. 
Under my Green Marshall Plan, the Warren Administration will use all the tools in our diplomatic and economic arsenal to encourage other countries to purchase and deploy American-made clean energy technology. Sign up now if you’re ready to fight.
My latest plan to fight climate change starts with a Green Apollo Program — a commitment to leading the world in developing and manufacturing the revolutionary clean energy technology the world will need. Sign up now if you’re ready to take action.
Here’s my latest plan to help tackle climate change: Invest $2T over the next 10 years in green R;D, manufacturing, ; exporting — linking American innovation directly to American jobs, ; helping achieve the ambitious targets of the Green New Deal. Sign up now if you're with me.
With big and bold investments in research, our industries, and our workers, we can lead the global effort to combat climate change—and create more than a million good jobs here at home. 
This is sickening. Children belong with their families, period. We need answers on the Trump administration’s appalling practices at the border. And we need them now. 
Glad to stand with you in this fight. Together, we can save our planet. 
  Green Manufacturing Plan shows clearly that she understands the frame of the  the lessons from o…
America’s public school teachers deserve more respect. I stand with and our teachers in California who are fighting for higher pay.  
I’m praying for Johana Medina Leon and her loved ones. Not a single person should die in ICE custody. We need to call out the number of trans women of color who’ve died under ICE custody, and we need answers. 
Today, I took pledge to support fair districts and end partisan gerrymandering. I’m with all the way. The power belongs to the people, and voters should choose their representatives—not the other way around. 
Some big, “American” companies will ship jobs overseas and hollow out our cities if it'll save them a nickel. And many already have. I've got a plan to make sure a Warren administration will defend and create good American jobs. 
My green manufacturing plan rewards American companies who invest at home. It's funded by my Real Corporate Profits Tax on giant companies who try to dodge their fair share in taxes. It'll create 1M new jobs ; make the U.S. the leader in the global fight against climate change.
Third, a Green Marshall Plan. The government will use all its tools to boost American industry and cut global emissions abroad. We will deploy U.S.-manufactured clean energy technology to every corner of the world, and I'll commit at least $100 billion to do it.
Second: a Green Industrial Mobilization. I'll commit $1.5 trillion to buy clean, renewable, and emission-free energy products, supporting only American companies who manufacture here at home and treat workers with respect, to boost demand and galvanize our clean energy industry.
My green manufacturing plan has three parts. First: A Green Apollo Program, investing $400 billion in a National Institute of Clean Energy to invest in revolutionary clean energy tech. And I will require that production from this R;D takes place here in the U.S.—no excuses.
With bold investments, we can fight climate change, achieve the ambitious targets of the Green New Deal, and create more than a million good jobs here at home. I have a plan to invest at least $2 trillion in green research, manufacturing, and exporting: 
This is not a question of more or less government: It’s about who the government works for. And in the weeks ahead, I’ll be releasing more plans on how this vision of economic patriotism should shape our economy, from trade policy to Wall Street. Here's my first proposal:
My administration will boost American workers—and I've already got a plan for that. We'll start with a new federal agency with one mission: Defend ; create American jobs. That agency will use aggressive new tools to boost American workers, not Wall Street. 
Giant companies who like to call themselves "American" have one real loyalty: Their shareholders. They'll ship jobs overseas and hollow out our cities if it'll save them a nickel. For too long, Washington politicians have let them call the shots. But not on my watch.
As the holy month of Ramadan ends, Bruce and I wish a joyous Eid al-Fitr to all Muslims celebrating in the United States and around the world. Eid Mubarak!
How are giant corporations getting away with this? Because the  lowered their effective tax rate to the lowest it’s been since 1947. My Real Corporate Profits Tax would make sure the biggest and most profitable corporations pay their fair share. 
 Picture mail from Oakland California, right before got on stage to talk about big structural change. Tune in!  Hey…
Our new campaign account just launched! My team wants to make it easier for our grassroots community to stay connected and get the latest on our plans for big, structural change. Give a follow and help spread the word. 
I’m glad to see Illinois take a stand for women’s reproductive health care. Now, we need Congress to pass new federal laws that protect access to reproductive care across the country. 
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $3 or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $XX or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $XX or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $XX or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $XX or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $XX or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Chip in $XX or whatever you can to be automatically entered!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Chip in now to be automatically entered and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me.
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
We’re flying one lucky winner and a guest to grab a beer* with Elizabeth. Want a chance to win? Sign up here to enter!* (or coffee, or tea, or whatever)
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Sign up now to enter and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me. Good luck!
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Sign up now to enter and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me. Good luck!
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Sign up now to enter and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me. Good luck!
Every so often while I’m traveling around the country, I’ll have someone come up to me and say, “I’d love to grab a beer with you.” Well, here’s your chance. Sign up now to enter and, if you win, we’ll fly you and a friend out to grab a drink with me. Good luck!
Amber pays $1,150 a month for child care, and it’s holding her family back. Her family is one of the reasons why I’m fighting for  High-quality child care that’s free for millions of families and affordable for everyone. 
Just got back from California and my pick up at the airport included a very sweet boy. 
Thanks, Ashlee! I loved our conversation, and I’m grateful down to my toes that you’re in this fight. 
I love reading the notes that grassroots supporters hand me during selfie lines. They keep me going. 
Google has too much power, and they're using that power to hurt small businesses, stifle innovation, and tilt the playing field against everyone else. It's time to fight back. That's why I have a plan to break up Google and the other big tech companies. 
How much money would you save under my plan for Universal Child Care? Try it for yourself. 
We’ve got to do better for moms like Jennifer. Read more about my plan for  here:  
If Donald Trump were anyone other than the President of the United States right now, he’d be in handcuffs and indicted. My new plan would actually hold presidents accountable for violating the law. 
Thank you for fighting hard and living proud. Happy  
I’ve answered 414 town hall questions since launching our campaign—and I’m looking forward to answering some more at our town hall with this Wednesday. I hope you’ll tune in! 
The time for small ideas is over. Big problems call for big solutions. If we’re going to save our democracy, clean up the corruption in Washington, and build an economy that works for all of us, then we need big, structural changes. And yeah, I have a plan for that. 
Here’s the thing: When a candidate tells you about all the things that aren’t possible, about how political calculations come first, they’re telling you something very important. They’re telling you that they will not fight for you. Not me. I’m here to fight for our country. 
 is a celebration. And it’s a time to remember the trailblazers who fought for LGBTQ+ civil rights. Today—and every day—we renew our commitment to fight until everyone can live proudly, without fear. I’ll be right there alongside you. Happy  
The barriers holding back the floodwaters failed, and the building in downtown Burlington where we filmed this video is now flooded. The impact of climate change in our country is real and we need to take action—now. 
  at the  Forum, basically. WATCH:  
 I love Elizabeth Warren's 2 cent tax on more than $50M to help pay for universal childcare and Pre-K. It's about time we in…
 End the revolving door between  and  knows, every bad decision in our country is driven by gre…
Our country is in a time of crisis—the time for small ideas is over. That's why I'm fighting for big, structural change.  
 The last speaker of the first session, got a MASSIVE amount of applause from the crowd, here’s a wide shot of her…
 The loudest cheers of the  candidates go to at  Standing ovation, huge cheers i…
I'll be live soon at  Forum to talk about how we're going to build big, structural change. Tune in! 
When I lead the Democratic Party, we will not be a party that nibbles around the edges. We will be a party of bold, structural change—and that doesn’t happen on its own. We need to dream big and fight hard because the rich and powerful aren’t giving up anything without a fight. 
 Enjoying hearing talk in    
 And after, she waited and took photos with all of those who wanted them. She’s incredible.…
What an amazing night, Oakland! We’re going to do this together. 
 Elizabeth Warren  is on 🔥 in Oakland, crowd is with her and cheering her on 
This is what keeps me going: The energy of our grassroots supporters in Oakland and across the country. When we dream big and fight hard we can win in 2020. Let's do this together! 
Last night I got my 25,000th selfie—and it was a pinky promise! We’re going to dream big, fight hard, and win. 
Thank you for waiting! 
Thank you to all 6,500 of you who came out to our largest town hall yet in Oakland! 
Thank you, Oakland! 
Tune in live now! ⬇️ 
We are live in Oakland, California talking with our grassroots supporters about how we can make big, structural change together. 
I’m heartsick and praying for the victims and their loved ones. Eleven people should not have been murdered today. How many lives will it take before Congress acts to end this crisis? 
Glad to see Colorado—and Maine—officially ban cruel conversion therapy this week. LGBTQ+ Americans should feel free to be who they are and live without fear or discrimination. I won’t stop fighting for them. 
This is a win—but safe, legal abortion access for women in Missouri and across the country is still under attack. Extreme lawmakers are hell-bent on overturning  and it’s more important than ever that we make our voices heard and  
I’m the daughter of a janitor (yup, that baby is me) who went on to become a candidate for president. Our campaign is fighting to build opportunity for our kids. Try our new calculator and find out how my  plan would help your family:  
Thanks for trying the calculator, Britni. My plan for  would level the playing field for your family and millions of others. 
I’m running to be the first woman president—but this campaign wouldn’t be possible without the terrific and talented women on our team. Honored to be fighting alongside you, 
A California “Student Borrower Bill Of Rights” is a terrific idea! And we can help our students in all 50 states even more by making public college free and canceling student debt for 95% of Americans. 
I’m glad to see the people of New Hampshire made their voices heard and repealed the death penalty. Thank you for leading the fight.
I've got a plan to make sure that no president is above the law: Pass a law clarifying Congress’s intent that the Department of Justice can indict the President of the United States. If you agree, sign our petition now.
I've got a plan to make sure that no president is above the law: Pass a law clarifying Congress’s intent that the Department of Justice can indict the President of the United States. If you agree, sign our petition now.
I've got a plan to make sure that no president is above the law: Pass a law clarifying Congress’s intent that the Department of Justice can indict the President of the United States. If you agree, sign our petition now.
I've got a plan to make sure that no president is above the law: Pass a law clarifying Congress’s intent that the Department of Justice can indict the President of the United States. If you agree, sign our petition now.
I've got a lot of plans—like my plan for  We can win in 2020 and make high-quality, affordable child care a reality, but only if we keep fighting together. Will you chip in $3 before our May fundraising deadline tonight at midnight? 
Website or no website, let’s be clear: Giant tech companies like Apple have too much power. In order to protect our economy and our democracy, we need to  and level the playing field for everyone else. 
This is a clear conflict of interest. We need to pull corruption out of Washington by the roots—and we can start with my plan to  the most ambitious anti-corruption plan since Watergate. 
Our democracy only works if everyone can be held accountable. These changes will make sure that’s the case for generations to come. Read my full plan here: 
I pledge to nominate an Office of Legal Counsel head who will reverse the Watergate-era rule that a president cannot be indicted for criminal behavior. The OLC’s purpose is to govern the conduct of the executive branch, not act as the president’s get-out-of-jail-free card.
Attorney General Bill Barr has disgraced himself by acting like Trump’s personal defense attorney. When I’m elected, I will appoint an Attorney General who shares my strong conviction that no one—not even a president—is above the law. And I’ll go one step further:
One of the strongest arguments against indictment is that the Constitution gives Congress the sole authority to decide when to interfere with the President's duties. These new laws would eliminate that argument and remove any statutory ambiguity.
Congress should pass a law clarifying that DOJ can indict the president if he or she commits a crime in office, and should amend our obstruction of justice statutes to explicitly allow for indictment when the President abuses the powers of the office—like Donald Trump did.
No president should be above the law. So why does this Justice Department act like he is? Because in the 1970s Richard Nixon’s Justice Department wrote a memo saying so (yes, really) and DOJ has continued to stand by that view.
The Mueller report is a clear roadmap for impeachment, because that’s the only path Mueller had. But impeachment shouldn’t be the only way that a president can be held accountable for committing a crime.
The Mueller report details crimes by the president that would lead to the indictment of any other citizen. But Mueller couldn’t bring charges because a Justice Department policy says you can’t charge a sitting president. That policy is wrong and needs to go. Here’s how and why.
See you soon, California! Our organizing event in Oakland is tomorrow—will I see you there?
 YOOOOO I don't even have chiquitos yet but this calculator is giving me life mostly b/c my stepma recently told me "quiero n…
There are only two more days before our May fundraising deadline. Will you chip in $3 now to help hit our goal? I might just give you a call to say thanks. 
I'm sorry I couldn't join you tonight, But I’m in this fight all the way, and I’ve got a plan to move our country forward. 
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy and build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for CA and for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy and build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for CA and for all Americans.
The time for small ideas is over. If we are going to save our democracy and build an economy that works for everyone, if we’re going to clean up the corruption in Washington, we need big, structural changes. And I have a plan for that. We’ll win for CA and for all Americans.
Sylvia Rivera and Marsha P. Johnson were fearless foot soldiers in the fight for LGBTQ+ civil rights. I’m glad to see that they will be honored with this monument for decades to come. 
In 448 pages, Special Counsel Mueller made it absolutely clear that Donald Trump obstructed justice, over and over again. Time for Congress to do its job and hold the President of the United States accountable. 
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for CA and for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for CA and for all Americans.
• Pass a 2¢ Ultra-Millionaire Tax• Provide universal child care and pre-K• Cancel student debt for 42 mil Americans• Break up big banks and big techWhen I lead the Democratic Party, we’ll fight for these big, structural changes. We’ll win for CA and for all Americans.
My  plan guarantees high-quality, affordable child care and early learning for our kids—and will be free for millions of families thanks to my  on people worth more than $50 million. What will your family save? 
Extremist lawmakers want to outlaw abortion—and they’re hoping the Supreme Court will back their scheme. Congress must pass new federal laws if we want to protect access to reproductive care. 
This is how we are going to grow our grassroots movement: Person to person. Thank you, NYC! 
 When my eyes popped from their sockets, and rolled clear off my desk:  
 This calculator said I'd have free child care (if i were to have children). I need to come through 
Thanks for using the calculator, Emily! My  plan would help families like yours across the country. 
Jaime Harrison will fight hard for the people of South Carolina and take our country forward. Go Jaime! 
This is a great step. My higher education plan would go even further for American Indian and Alaska Native students by making tuition free at any two-year or four-year public college and investing $50B in a fund for colleges including Tribal Colleges and Universities. 
We can provide affordable, high-quality child care to every child—; we can pay for it with my Ultra-Millionaire tax on the wealthiest 75,000 American families. I joined to talk about my plan for  ; my new child care calculator:  
In the wealthiest country on the planet, access to affordable, high-quality child care ; early education should be a right for all, not a privilege reserved for a few. I have a plan—and a new child care calculator to help you find out how much you'd save:  
I have a plan to provide affordable, high-quality child care and early education for every child. Find out exactly how much you'd save under my plan with our brand-new  calculator: 
I won’t ask millions of Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. Instead of enabling Fox News, I’ll keep talking directly with people around the country. If you’re with me, sign up now and join our grassroots movement.
I read the whole Mueller report. It's clear that Donald Trump obstructed an investigation into an attack on America and into his own behavior. Presidents are not above the law, and Congress has a constitutional duty to start impeachment proceedings. If you agree, add your name.
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Instead of spending her time at swanky fundraisers listening to the donors who write the biggest checks, Elizabeth is traveling all around the country to hear directly from people like you. Will you fill out this 2-minute survey and let Elizabeth know what issues matter to you?
Our government is broken. But I have plans to fix it and return the power to the people. Will you chip in $3 to our Official 2020 Campaign? Whatever you’re able to give will help us hit our May fundraising goal and keep up our momentum. 
I’m fighting for  because our kids deserve a fair shot at success. Here’s how my plan works. 
No federal lobbyists. No PACs. No swanky fundraisers. We’re funding this campaign people to people. Will you chip in whatever you can and be a part of this movement? I might even call you to say thanks! 
This is what keeps me going on the road: Seeing fired up supporters across the country. I’m grateful to have spent the weekend in Iowa—and looking forward to being in Michigan and Indiana soon. Will I see you there?  
Corruption? I’ve got a plan for that. Income inequality? I’ve got a plan for that. Mountains of student loan debt crushing grassroots donors like Cody? I’ve got a plan for that, too! Let’s keep working on these issues together. 
Child care should be a right for all, not a privilege for the wealthy. My  plan guarantees affordable, high-quality child care and early education for every child in America. 
My plan to cancel debt for 95% of Americans with student loan debt is a win for our students and a win for our economy. 
I stand with We need to use every tool available to combat climate change. 
“Global warming” isn’t a punchline—it’s a crisis. On day one of a Warren administration, I’ll sign a moratorium on fossil fuel drilling on public lands. 
I grew up on the ragged edge of the middle class. Like a million other families, we got by. Today, I’m fighting to level the playing field so that every American family has a shot at building something real. Chip in and help keep up the momentum. 
Looking forward to visiting Michigan and Indiana for the first time as a presidential candidate this week! I hope I’ll see you at an event soon. 
My  plan quadruples the federal investment in child care, and offers high-quality options for every family. We’ll pay for it with my  on the wealthiest 0.1% of Americans. It’s a win for our kids and our economy. 
Did help his billionaire buddy siphon off more than $2 billion in Sears assets? and I are demanding answers. 
When the Mueller report came out on April 18th, I read it. The next day, I told this is a point of principle. 
Mueller leaves no doubt:1) He didn't exonerate the president because there is evidence he committed crimes.2) Justice Department policy prevented him from charging the president with any crimes. 3) The Constitution leaves it up to Congress to act—and that's impeachment.
Mueller’s statement makes clear what those who have read his report know: It is an impeachment referral, and it’s up to Congress to act. They should.
He’s always so happy to see me (even if I’m just coming home from the grocery store). 
 A reminder to all trans students:You are seen.You are heard.You are valued. You are loved.We will continue to fight for you.…
Thank you for reading, Lizz and Theia! 
This weekend in IA, I answered my 400th question as a presidential candidate—and it was all about health care. I promised Teresa: No one should go bankrupt over medical problems and you bet I’m going to fight for Medicare for All. 
What gets you up in the morning? I ask that question everywhere I go. People are worried about corruption, climate change, inequality—and I’ve got plans to fight all that, plus more. Chip in $3, or whatever you can, and help me keep the momentum up. 
If this health care center closes, Missouri will become the only state in our country where women won’t have access to safe, legal abortion. That’s why I’m urging Congress to pass new federal laws that protect access to reproductive care, including abortion, in every state. 
I’m very grateful that Camille contributed to this campaign, so I left a voicemail thanking her. This is how we’re going to do it—all of us coming together to pitch in. 
I’m the daughter of a janitor who became a United States senator and now candidate for president. Our campaign is fighting to build opportunity for our kids and grandkids. Will you chip in $4 to help grow our movement? 
“It was a good walk, but let’s ride back home.” 
The consequences of climate change are severe, and they are already affecting places like Burlington, Iowa. We have a moral responsibility to act—now. 
 Thank you to 2020 Democratic Presidential candidate for signing our veterans’  pledge!Veterans…
My three older brothers all joined the military. We were lucky to get them back home.  is a reminder not only of the sacrifices our service members make, but of the responsibility we have to honor our promises to our service members, our veterans, and their families. 
I’m honoring our fallen service members with this  Please take a moment today to remember their names. No matter how you spend your Memorial Day—I hope you have a meaningful day. 
6,997 service members have died in service to our country since 9/11. Today, we grieve alongside their families. And we honor them by upholding our promises to our veterans when they come home, and by fighting to bring these forever wars to a close. 
All three of my big brothers served in the military. I remember waiting by the mailbox with my mother for news—how days with a letter were extra sunny. My brothers made it home safely, but many service members did not. On this  and every day, we honor their sacrifice. 
Loved stopping by the Smokey Row coffee shop in Oskaloosa. (I’m more of a tea person, but you bet my team loves coffee!) 
 “Let me say: you’re not alone in this. No one should go bankrupt for their medical bills.” - 
Grateful for everyone who came out to our  organizing house party in Oskaloosa, IA today. Our movement begins with fired-up grassroots supporters all across the country. 
Greetings from our walk in Pella, Iowa. (That’s the Tulip Toren behind us.) 
When our communities are hit by storms, floods, or hurricanes, we reach out and help our neighbors. But Washington is so broken that one Republican congressman is holding up a disaster relief package to help struggling families. That's not who we are as Americans. 
The fight for  is personal for me. Back when I was a mom with two little kids, finding high-quality, affordable child care was make-it-or-break-it. My plan for  is a win for working families and our kids. 
Woo-hoo! We have just about a month until the first presidential debates, and our team is looking for grassroots supporters to host debate watch parties across the country in June and July. Sign up to host here: 
 is almost here and our team will be dreaming big, fighting hard, and living proud all month long. Get a new t-shirt, tank, and tote in our online store.  
Another sick attack on transgender Americans coming from the White House. All LGBTQ+ people should be able to access high-quality, gender-affirming health care. Period.  
A $2.3 billion compensation package—for one CEO. The system is rigged and we need to fix it. 
 Last week Brittany, Tess, ; Christina told  why they were fighting for their reproductive rights during
These couples want to open their hearts and their homes—and the Trump administration wants to allow adoption agencies to discriminate against them and deny children loving homes. This is pointlessly cruel. 
It's revolting to suggest that we need to help the Saudis kill civilians in order to stand up to Iran. Our only "emergency" is a President who cares more about making money for his defense contractor buddies than the democratic will of Congress or the moral catastrophe in Yemen. 
Congress voted to tell to end the United States' complicity in Yemen's ongoing humanitarian crisis. His response? Veto the resolution, then declare a fake "emergency" to keep selling weapons the Saudis will use to kill more civilians. 
Missouri’s new abortion ban is unconstitutional and will hurt women. We need to  by passing federal laws that ensure real access to birth control and abortion care for all women. 
Incarcerated Americans shouldn’t have to pay to talk to the people they love. I stand with the activists in Connecticut who are working to make prison calls free. 
Alabama’s abortion law is dangerous and unconstitutional. I stand with and the all the way, and I’ll keep fighting to pass new federal laws in Congress that protect access to reproductive care from right-wing ideologues in the states. 
After I learned about devastating conditions at the only hospital in Vieques, Puerto Rico, I sent a letter to demanding answers. Glad to hear that they will rebuild the hospital, but the Trump administration must be held accountable for its treatment of our fellow citizens. 
I’m proud to have signed the  pledge. Our campaign isn’t beholden to Big Oil or any corporate interest—our campaign is by the people and for the people. 
When I couldn’t find child care for Amelia and Alex, I felt like I was failing my babies—until my 78-year-old Aunt Bee stepped in.But not everyone is lucky enough to have an Aunt Bee of their own. That’s why I have a plan for   
Student loan debt is crushing an entire generation, but I’ve got a plan to change that.  
The Big Five defense contractors have too much power over the Pentagon. That’s why we need to pass basic ethics rules for the Department of Defense. Let’s make sure that all our national security decisions are driven not by special interests, but by what keeps Americans safe. 
Wow, that looks great Meaghan! (I have to say, the cardboard cut-out was a nice touch.) Right now our team is organizing  debate watch parties across the country next month. RSVP to one near you:  
Bailey was a bad boy this morning. But at least he’s sorry. 
When I called Nicholas after he made a small donation, he knew it was me right away! We’re both fired up about living wages, so we talked about fight to raise the minimum wage to $15. We need to do better by America’s workers.  
I stand in solidarity with the workers who are fighting for a living wage and better working conditions.  
Six children have died after being detained by That’s six children too many. We need answers—now. 
Trump promised to bring our troops home, but now he’s willing to send thousands more to the Middle East. I'll fight to stop this administration from dragging us into another forever war. 
Thank you, Sarah, this is an amazing program! Working on campaigns should be accessible to all people. Keep fighting the good fight. 
I've been fighting against this anti-consumer proposal for years—and I'm glad it's been delayed so that it can be rewritten. People shouldn't be locked into unreasonable contracts that they didn't negotiate and that limit their right to go to court. 
🌈Elizabeth loves  🌈—and now you can show you’re persisting with pride! Check out Elizabeth’s new Pride t-shirts, tanks, and totes for you or the people you love. Shop now!
🌈Elizabeth loves  🌈—and now you can show you’re persisting with pride! Check out Elizabeth’s new Pride t-shirts, tanks, and totes for you or the people you love. Shop now!
🌈Elizabeth loves  🌈—and now you can show you’re persisting with pride! Check out Elizabeth’s new Pride t-shirts, tanks, and totes for you or the people you love. Shop now!
:rainbow:Elizabeth loves  :rainbow:—and now you can show you’re persisting with pride! Check out Elizabeth’s new Pride t-shirts, tanks, and totes for you or the people you love. Shop now!
🌈Elizabeth loves  🌈—and now you can show you’re persisting with pride! Check out Elizabeth’s new Pride t-shirts, tanks, and totes for you or the people you love. Shop now!
Everywhere I go, I talk about how we need to make big, structural change to solve the deep, systemic problems we face as a country. Take the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau: We had a plan, we got organized, and we turned it into a reality. 
Dream big. Fight hard. Live proud. Get your official Elizabeth Warren 2020 Pride gear today! Tell the world you persist with pride.
Dream big. Fight hard. Live proud. Get your official Elizabeth Warren 2020 Pride gear today! Tell the world you persist with pride.
Dream big. Fight hard. Live proud. Get your official Elizabeth Warren 2020 Pride gear today! Tell the world you persist with pride.
If we want to live in a world where our children have clean water to drink, then we need to take action now. 
That’s exactly right. And I have a plan to open the door of opportunity for millions of Americans struggling with student loan debt. Read about it here:  
I’m ready to fight for you, Allison, and the millions of people across the country who are getting crushed by student loan debt. Let’s do this together.  
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Instead of spending her time at swanky fundraisers listening to the donors who write the biggest checks, Elizabeth is traveling all around the country to hear directly from people like you. Will you fill out this 2-minute survey and let Elizabeth know what issues matter to you?
It doesn’t have to be this way. And I have a plan to change it. 
I’m fighting with you, Amber. We can change this. 
My affordable housing plan would prohibit housing discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity. LGBTQ+ Americans deserve good-quality, affordable housing. I’m ready to fight for them. 
Young people are getting crushed by student loan debt. Not only can they not afford to buy homes or start families—it’s forcing some to drop out before even getting a degree. My plan to cancel student loan debt for 42 million Americans would level the playing field. 
I’m keeping families in the Mississippi Delta in my prayers. Record flooding is pushing families out of their homes and submerging neighborhoods. Climate change is here and it’s hurting our communities. We have a moral responsibility to act. 
This is a bad deal. Merging and to create one giant telecom company will hurt small businesses, entrepreneurs, and working families. 
The enormous student debt burden weighing down our economy isn’t the result of laziness or irresponsibility. It’s the result of a government that has consistently put the interests of the wealthy and well-connected over the interests of working families. I'm ready to fight back. 
 It's absurd that as a country we're taught to believe that some amount of student debt is "normal" and "acceptable." I h…
 Borrowed $60k to become a mental health counselor. Spent years working non profit and as a volunteer. I’ll pay them off wh…
Harvey Milk's campaign manager, Anne Kronenberg, once said that he "imagined a righteous world inside his head and then he set about to create it for real, for all of us." We will keep fighting every day to realize a righteous world. 
Elizabeth knows that to make big, structural change, we’ve got to build a movement. That’s why she wants to hear from you. Fill out our 2-minute survey to tell Elizabeth what issues matter to you. Your input is powerfully important.
Instead of spending her time at swanky fundraisers listening to the donors who write the biggest checks, Elizabeth is traveling all around the country to hear directly from people like you. Will you fill out this 2-minute survey and let Elizabeth know what issues matter to you?
Proud to fight alongside you in this grassroots movement.  
Logan from Virginia chipped in $20 to our grassroots campaign, so I called to say thank you. We talked about the issue that pulled Logan in: Student loan debt. 
Next month is  and our team is getting ready with new Pride t-shirts, tanks, and totes! Grab one for you or the people you love.  
I loved being in Kermit, a resilient West Virginia town hit hard by the opioid epidemic. A lot of people told me, “You’re in the reddest of the red here.” But I’m running to be president of all the United States. 
I joined and this morning to talk about my plan to cancel student loan debt for 42 million Americans. If we dream big and fight hard, we can take on structural racism and level the playing field for families across the country. 
Trump's actions alienate us from our allies and empower Iran's hardliners. They raise the risk of conflict and make us less safe. Chaos and confusion isn't a strategy—it's a recipe for disaster. I won't let this administration drag us into another war in the Middle East.
The  was working, but Trump ripped it up anyway—over the advice of his own national security team. For the last year, the administration has been goading and provoking the Iranian regime. Attempting to collapse their economy. Hinting at regime change.
I've read the intelligence. I attended yesterday’s briefing. The latest crisis with Iran didn't come out of thin air—it is a direct result of this president's actions.
I'm heartsick that five children have died after being detained by in the last six months. The American public is owed an explanation and a full account of what happened. 
I do! Share your stories using  and find out how my plan to cancel student loan debt for 95% Americans that carry it would impact your life:  
Last week in Nashua, NH, we talked about how extremist Republicans think that this is their chance to overturn  Not on our watch. We’ll keep fighting to  today and every day after it. 
A single child dying in U.S. custody is horrific. Five is unfathomable. We need answers. 
Proud to see the people of Massachusetts making their voices heard and fighting for safe, legal abortion access and reproductive health care. 
 We stand up and fight back!  
I love  my team does too! Take a look at our new Pride t-shirts, tanks, and totes for you or the people you love. Can’t wait to get mine.  
I stand with Brittany and the workers who are taking a stand against sexual harassment on the job and retaliation for reporting it. Workers with low wages are especially vulnerable to sexual harassment at work—and it has to stop.  
One in five American adults struggles with a mental health condition, but less than half of people who require treatment actually get it. Proud to be fighting with Rep. so that everyone gets the care they need. 
 We are currently fighting abortion bans and restrictions in 14 states — this is not a drill. Abortion access is under attack.To…
 TODAY: Join us at a local action to  Or post a selfie 📸 with the hashtag. We're str…
The time to act is now. Get into the fight, run for office, and make these right-wing Republican lawmakers face the consequences of their actions. Here’s my plan to protect reproductive health care and  
Let’s be clear:  established a woman’s constitutional right to safe, legal abortion ; has been the law of the land for over 46 years. An overwhelming majority of Americans don’t want to return to a world before Roe. But extremist Republicans are fighting to do just that.
I was glad when the House passed the  last week. But the fight for equality is not over—not when the Trump admin and extremist Republicans try to unravel LGBTQ+ Americans’ rights. I’m ready to keep fighting their attacks every step of the way. 
My  plan is personal. As a working mom, it was nearly impossible to find good child care—until my Aunt Bee stepped in. My plan guarantees high-quality child care for every child in America. It will be free for millions of families and affordable for everyone. 
Whenever I meet a little girl, I say: “I’m running for president, because that’s what girls do,” and we pinky promise so they’ll remember. If you agree it’s time for a woman president to fix our broken government, chip in $3 or more to our movement. 
Yesterday, Bailey got to try on his new bandana in Portsmouth, NH. Thank you, 
Thanks for sharing your story with me, Beth. Too many people are getting crushed by mountains of student loan debt. My plan would cancel debt for 95% of Americans who carry it. You can read all about it here:  
Still thinking about the powerful town hall we had in Nashua yesterday. Big, structural change starts in rooms like this one! 
Extremist lawmakers like Henry McMaster know that  is the law of the land, but they don’t care—they want to outlaw abortion. That’s why Congress must pass new federal laws to protect access to safe, legal abortion. 
See you again soon, Iowa! 
Republicans are coming after  You bet we’re going to fight tooth and nail to protect access to safe, legal abortion. 
 Anti-choice politicians know there's a conservative majority on SCOTUS—they’re coming for Roe. If the abortion bans go into effe…
 Each of us should be able to live, work, and make decisions about our health and our future with dignity and economic security…
 We will not sit by and watch as politicians take our rights, freedoms, and healthcare away. Join us for the National 
 You bet, Karenna! Climate change is a serious threat and we need to address it head on.
My thoughts are with Muhlaysia ; her loved ones. A record number of trans Americans were killed last year—a number that disproportionately affects trans women of color. We must call it out ; fight back so everyone is free to be who they are without fear. 
Look at the sign! Glad I got to spend time at River Road Tavern in Bedford, NH over the weekend. 
Dr. J.W. Endicott is a doctor in Kermit, WV who saw pharmaceutical companies squeeze his town to a breaking point. His story reminds me why we’re in this fight against the opioid epidemic. 
Still inspired by the energy of our movement in Rochester. We’re going to fight and we’re going to win! Follow for more updates from our movement in New Hampshire. 
We need to fight like hell to protect  and protect women’s rights to control our own bodies. Join and other activists for a day of action in all 50 states tomorrow, Tuesday, May 21. Find an event near you:  
During selfie lines, people often press notes into my hands to explain why they’re in this fight. Last week in VA, I got a note asking if I support a climate debate. Yes! We need to do everything we can to save our planet. Thanks and for leading this. 
Together, we can work with our military to fight climate change. 
Let’s dream big, fight hard, and win. Grateful to and the community of Fairfax for the inspiring conversation last week. 
In their rush to shovel tax giveaways to giant corporations and billionaires, Republicans also imposed huge new taxes on low-income college scholarship recipients. I’m ready to fight back. 
 DM me and let’s figure this out.
It was wonderful meeting you both, Margie! 
This week, right-wing Republican lawmakers in Alabama enacted the most extreme abortion ban in over 40 years. Here’s my plan to protect Roe v. Wade and fight back. 
 Please join and me in supporting organizations that protect the ri…
Conversion therapy is cruel and wrong, and any attempt to use religion as an excuse to allow anti-LGBTQ+ discrimination is wrong too. 
Nevada is showing us what’s possible when we elect women. It’s wonderful to see the progress Democrats are making with the first women-majority legislature in our nation’s history. 
“I hate what the rain does to my hair.” 
 Abortion is trending right now and we love it! But, let's remember not to use gendered language when talking about it. Aborti…
Republican lawmakers want to outlaw abortion and deny women access to reproductive health care. People are scared and angry, and we’re right to be. But this isn’t a moment to back down — it’s time to fight back. 
 We'll show up to speak out ; fight back against this unconstitutional attempt to gut Roe. Politicians shouldn't be mak…
 That time when abortion rights are under attack at comes out with a plan for that. I appreciate this. Too many De…
If you’re angry about right-wing Republicans’ plan to reverse Roe, now’s the time to get organized and fight back. 
15 years ago today, Massachusetts became the first state to make marriage equality the law. I’m proud we led the country in this fight, and I want to be clear: I won't stop fighting until everyone is free to be who they are and love who they love without fear of discrimination. 
Thank you, Together, we’ll fight to protect women’s rights—and we’ll win. 
Access to safe, legal abortion is a constitutional right and Congress can act to protect it. We’re going to fight every right-wing lawmaker’s attempt to overturn Roe v. Wade. 
The fight for full LGBTQ+ equality is far from over. But I’m glad to see the House passed the Equality Act today to ban discrimination, protect transgender rights, and resist the Trump administration’s efforts to roll back our progress. 
I stand in solidarity with the 85,000 Kaiser workers fighting for their fair share.  
When I was growing up, before Roe v. Wade, people still got abortions. Some were lucky. Others weren’t. They all went through hell. The overwhelming majority of Americans have no desire to return to the world before Roe. Add your name if you’re ready to fight back.
Congress should create federal, statutory rights that parallel Roe’s protections. We must ensure that choice remains the law — even if the Supreme Court overturns Roe. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to get this done.
Congress should pass new federal laws that protect access to reproductive care from right-wing ideologues in the states: federal laws that ensure real access to birth control and abortion care for all women. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to get this done.
When I was growing up, before Roe v. Wade, people still got abortions. Some were lucky. Others weren’t. They all went through hell. The overwhelming majority of Americans have no desire to return to the world before Roe. Add your name if you’re ready to fight back.
Congress should create federal, statutory rights that parallel Roe’s protections. We must ensure that choice remains the law — even if the Supreme Court overturns Roe. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to get this done.
Congress should pass new federal laws that protect access to reproductive care from right-wing ideologues in the states: federal laws that ensure real access to birth control and abortion care for all women. Add your name if you’re with me, and let’s fight to get this done.
Sixty-five years ago today, SCOTUS decided on the landmark Brown v. Board of Education: Hateful school segregation laws are unconstitutional. It was an important ruling, but it didn’t end systemic racism in our country. We need to keep calling out racism every chance we get.
When I was growing up, people still got abortions. Some were lucky—others weren't. They all went through hell. The overwhelming majority of Americans don’t want to return to that time. Congress should act to ensure that the will of the people remains the law of the land.
And the women of color who have led the repro justice movement teach us that these issues are bigger than Roe. We must go beyond abortion to ensure access to contraception, STI prevention ; care, sex ed, care for pregnant moms, safe home ; work environments, good wages, ; more.
Finally, we must ensure equal access to health care and support reproductive justice. Systemic barriers have made it especially difficult for low-income women and women of color to get the access to reproductive care they need.
Congress must guarantee reproductive health coverage as part of all health coverage. That starts with repealing the Hyde Amendment. Congress must also pass the EACH Woman Act, which would also prohibit abortion restrictions on private insurance.
Next, Congress should pass federal laws to preempt state efforts to pass Targeted Regulations on Abortion Providers (TRAP) laws, which are designed to functionally limit and eliminate women’s access to abortion care with medically-unnecessary restrictions.
Popular new federal rights that parallel Roe would preempt state laws like the AL, GA, ; OH bans. They'd end the political games played by right-wing courts to narrow Roe’s protections. And they'd ensure that choice remains the law—even if the Supreme Court overturns Roe.
First, Congress should create federal, statutory rights that parallel Roe’s protections. We must prohibit states from interfering in the ability of a health professional to provide medical care—including abortion care—; from interfering in the ability of a patient to access care.
We should pass new federal laws that protect access to reproductive care from right-wing ideologues in the states and ensure access to birth control and abortion care. Laws that will stand no matter what the Supreme Court does. Here’s what that looks like: 
Our next President can begin to undo some of the damage by appointing neutral and fair judges who actually respect the law and cases like Roe instead of right-wing ideologues bent on rolling back our rights. But Congress has a role to play as well.
They’re hoping the Supreme Court will back their radical play, and it might work. Donald Trump packed the courts with extreme, anti-choice judges. Senate Republicans stole a SCOTUS seat ; rammed through Justice Kavanaugh’s confirmation in order to cement an anti-choice majority.
Right-wing lawmakers in Alabama just enacted the most extreme abortion ban in over 40 years, the latest in a wave of abortion bans across the country in states like Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, and Ohio. Republicans are on the march to overturn Roe v. Wade.
I agree. NAFTA 2.0 is a bad deal that works great for Big Pharma, but leaves workers in the dust. We need to fix it. 
If there was ever a time for more women to run for office, it’s now. 
Defense contractor influence is a big part of how we ended up with a bloated Pentagon budget that will cost more this year than Ronald Reagan spent at the height of the Cold War. It’s wasteful. It’s unsustainable. And it doesn’t keep us safe. 
Our existing laws are far too weak to effectively limit the undue influence of giant military contractors at the Department of Defense. We need to change the rules. 
 Anti-choice politicians across the U.S. are working overtime to pass extreme bans on abortion that are designed to roll back Roe…
 In our recent poll, two-thirds of the public said they do not want SCOTUS to overturn Roe v. Wade. If the decision were…
Thank you, We can work together to end the student loan debt crisis—and make sure it never happens again. 
 I’m a doctor, and unlike I’m not afraid of the facts:❌Put doctors in jail for life ❌No exception for ra…
 Early this morning the Missouri Senate voted to ban abortions eight weeks into pregnancy, even in cases of rape, incest,…
Kermit, West Virginia was slammed by the opioid crisis—and not by accident. Big pharmaceutical companies pumped 13 million prescription pills into this little town. In fact, these companies made $17 billion shipping opioids to West Virginia. Time for some accountability. 
My plan will: —Shut the revolving door between giant contractors and the Pentagon—Ban DoD officials from owning contractor stock—Limit foreign government hiring of American national security officials—Expose defense contractor lobbying
It’s wrong, wasteful, and bad for our national security. We have to call this what it is: corruption—plain and simple. I’ve already introduced a sweeping anti-corruption bill. Today, I introduced the Department of Defense Ethics and Anti-Corruption Act. 
It’s time to cut our bloated defense budget. And that influence is a big part of how we ended up with a Pentagon budget that'll cost more this year than we spend on education, medical research, housing, disaster relief—everything else in the discretionary budget put together.
These giant contractors have deployed an extremely profitable strategy: First, recruit armies of lobbyists from former Pentagon officials and congressional staffers. Then, get those former officials to use their relationships, access, and influence to secure lucrative contracts.
The coziness between defense lobbyists, Congress, and the Pentagon tilts countless decisions, big and small, away from legitimate national security interests and toward the desires of giant corporations that thrive off taxpayer dollars.
Betsy DeVos hasn’t spent a day in the classroom teaching our students. I’m pledging to change that. Under a Warren administration, the Secretary of Education will be a former public school teacher. 
Skyrocketing housing costs are squeezing families to the breaking point, and too many families are suffering from the legacy of racist housing policies. I'm proud to fight alongside for big ideas that will help us fix this crisis. 
I'm glad to see institutions like the holding the Sacklers accountable. But we have to go further. Under my Corporate Executive Accountability Act, people like the Sacklers, who get rich off of the opioid crisis, could face criminal penalties. 
This is far from over. We will fight this, and we will win.  
Twenty-five men in the Alabama Senate passed this ban. Women across the country are watching and we will fight back. 
You bet I have a plan for all that. 
We want to make it super easy for people to be  and get in this fight—I hope you’ll sign up at  Everyone owns a part of this campaign. If we dream big, fight hard, and work together, we can win in 2020. 
I love the way that Rabiah and Tessa from our digital organizing team explain it: Think of it as the digital headquarters of this campaign. 
It’s important to me that everyone has equal access to this campaign, so we created a new digital community for supporters to join!  is where campaign staff, volunteers, and supporters from all over the country can join forces: 
Republican men are on a march toward overturning  And thanks to Trump stacking the courts with anti-choice judges, they’re closer than ever. Women are scared, women are angry—and we have a right to be. If you’re an ally of women, now’s the time to make that clear. 
When I was growing up, people got abortions. Desperate women turned to back alley butchers or even tried the procedure on their own. Some were lucky, but others weren't. They all went through hell. Access to safe, legal abortion is a constitutional RIGHT. Full stop.
 The bill that was passed in Alabama is an all-out abortion ban. But make no mistake: Women across the country see what…
 Make no mistake, Alabama's  is a direct attack on   and we must all fight to 
 Reminder: 73% of Americans don’t want to see  overturned.
Basic health care includes safe, legal abortion. Alabama’s backdoor abortion ban is an unconstitutional attack on women—an attack happening all across America. Let’s be very clear: We’re going to fight this ban and defend  And we’ll win. 
We don’t have to choose between a green military and an effective one. My plan will improve our service members’ readiness and safety, and achieve cost savings for American taxpayers. Together, we can fight climate change—and win.
The Pentagon is the single largest government consumer of energy, and it’s dependent on fossil fuels. To improve military readiness and help us achieve a  the Pentagon should achieve net zero carbon emissions for all its non-combat bases and infrastructure by 2030.
Today, I am introducing my Defense Climate Resiliency and Readiness Act to harden the U.S. military against the threat posed by climate change, and to leverage its huge energy footprint as part of our climate solution. 
Senior military leaders have warned Congress of the national security challenge that climate change poses. The military is taking steps to become more energy efficient and resilient. But instead of meeting this threat head on, Washington is ignoring it—and making it worse.
Climate change is real, it’s worsening by the day, and it’s undermining our military readiness. More and more, accomplishing the mission depends on our ability to continue operations in the face of floods, drought, wildfires, desertification, and extreme cold.
 This is the most extreme and dangerous policy since Roe vs. Wade, banning abortion at any point in pregnancy — going so far…
This ban is dangerous and exceptionally cruel—and the bill’s authors want to use it to overturn Roe v. Wade. I've lived in that America and let me tell you: We are not going back—not now, not ever. We will fight this. And we will win. 
Because of greedy pharmaceutical companies pumping drugs into town, Kermit, WV got hit hard by the opioid epidemic. I went there last week to say: Enough. I have a plan to end the opioid crisis and hold the people who caused it accountable. 
Right now, our government cares more about increasing the profitability of multinational corporations than American families. That’s why this grassroots campaign is all about returning the power to the people. 
Yesterday at Yards Brewing Co. in Philadelphia, I had the opportunity to thank grassroots donors for chipping in (and learn a little about brewing too). 
Little by little, the Trump administration has chipped away at the Affordable Care Act and made it harder for people to get covered. It’s never been more important to protect the ACA and pass  
Thank you, Liat. This is a campaign of ideas—and when we work together, we can make the kind of big, structural change our educational system needs. 
My three older brothers served in the military, so I know the responsibility we have to our service members, veterans, and their families. When we fail to provide them with a safe place to live, we’ve broken our promise to them. 
Fox News is a hate-for-profit racket that gives a megaphone to racists and conspiracy theorists. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you’re with me, will you pitch in $20.20 to keep up the fight?
Fox News is a hate-for-profit racket that gives a megaphone to racists and conspiracy theorists. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you’re with me, will you pitch in $20.20 to keep up the fight?
Fox News is a hate-for-profit racket that gives a megaphone to racists and conspiracy theorists. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you’re with me, will you pitch in $20.20 to keep up the fight?
Fox News has invited me to do a town hall, but I’m turning them down. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you’re with me, will you pitch in to keep up the fight?
Fox News has invited me to do a town hall, but I’m turning them down. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you’re with me, will you pitch in to keep up the fight?
Fox News has invited me to do a town hall, but I’m turning them down. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you’re with me, will you pitch in to keep up the fight?
Fox News is a hate-for-profit racket that gives a megaphone to racists and conspiracy theorists. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you’re with me, will you pitch in whatever you can to keep up the fight?
Fox News is a hate-for-profit racket that gives a megaphone to racists and conspiracy theorists. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you’re with me, will you pitch in whatever you can to keep up the fight?
Fox News is a hate-for-profit racket that gives a megaphone to racists and conspiracy theorists. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you’re with me, will you pitch in whatever you can to keep up the fight?
Fox News is a hate-for-profit racket that gives a megaphone to racists and conspiracy theorists. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you’re with me, will you pitch in $20.20 to keep up the fight?
Fox News is a hate-for-profit racket that gives a megaphone to racists and conspiracy theorists. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you’re with me, will you pitch in $20.20 to keep up the fight?
Fox News is a hate-for-profit racket that gives a megaphone to racists and conspiracy theorists. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you’re with me, will you pitch in $X to keep up the fight?
Fox News is a hate-for-profit racket that gives a megaphone to racists and conspiracy theorists. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you’re with me, will you pitch in $20.20 to keep up the fight?
Fox News is a hate-for-profit racket that gives a megaphone to racists and conspiracy theorists. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you’re with me, will you pitch in $3 to keep up the fight?
Fox News is a hate-for-profit racket that gives a megaphone to racists and conspiracy theorists. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you’re with me, will you pitch in $3 to keep up the fight?
Fox News is a hate-for-profit racket that gives a megaphone to racists and conspiracy theorists. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you’re with me, will you pitch in $3 to keep up the fight?
I won’t do a town hall with Fox News because I won’t invite millions of Democratic primary voters to tune in, inflate ratings, and help sell ads for an outlet that profits from racism and hate. If you agree, sign our petition. 
I’ve done 57 media avails and 131 interviews, taking over 1,100 questions from press just since January. Fox News is welcome to come to my events just like any other outlet. But a Fox News town hall adds money to the hate-for-profit machine. To which I say: hard pass.
I’m running a campaign to reach all Americans. I take questions from the press and voters everywhere I go. I’ve already held town halls in 17 states and Puerto Rico—including WV, OH, GA, UT, TN, TX, CO, MS ; AL.
Here’s one place we can fight back: I won’t ask millions of Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate in order to see our candidates—especially when Fox will make even more money adding our valuable audience to their ratings numbers.
But Fox News is struggling as more and more advertisers pull out of their hate-filled space. A Democratic town hall gives the Fox News sales team a way to tell potential sponsors it's safe to buy ads on Fox—no harm to their brand or reputation (spoiler: It’s not).
Hate-for-profit works only if there’s profit, so Fox News balances a mix of bigotry, racism, and outright lies with enough legit journalism to make the claim to advertisers that it’s a reputable news outlet. It’s all about dragging in ad money—big ad money.
Fox News is a hate-for-profit racket that gives a megaphone to racists and conspiracists—it’s designed to turn us against each other, risking life and death consequences, to provide cover for the corruption that’s rotting our government and hollowing out our middle class.
I love town halls. I’ve done more than 70 since January, and I’m glad to have a television audience be a part of them. Fox News has invited me to do a town hall, but I’m turning them down—here’s why...
I won’t ask millions of Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate. Instead of enabling Fox News, I’ll keep talking directly with people around the country. If you’re with me, sign up now and join our grassroots movement.
Fox News is a hate-for-profit racket that gives a megaphone to racists and conspiracy theorists. I won’t ask Democratic primary voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate in order to see our candidates. Sign up now to join me and take a stand.
I love town halls. I’ve done more than seventy since January, and I’m glad to have a TV audience be a part of them. But not on Fox News. I won’t ask voters to tune into an outlet that profits from racism and hate in order to see our candidates. Sign up now if you’re with me.
Authoritarian tendencies. Gleefully undermining democracy. Corruption. No wonder Viktor Orbán was so warmly welcomed by Donald Trump yesterday. 
Betsy DeVos is the worst Secretary of Education we’ve seen. Instead of championing our students, she protects for-profit colleges that break the law. So I’m making a pledge: In a Warren administration, the Secretary of Education will be a former public school teacher. 
I grew up on the ragged edge of the middle class. My family didn’t have money for a college application—let alone college. I dropped out of school at 19 to get married. My second chance was a commuter college that cost $50 a semester—and I hung on for dear life. 
When pharmaceutical CEOs pad their pockets and commit criminal negligence while pushing drugs, they should go to jail. 
Family farmers across the country are being squeezed by the Trump administration’s terrible policies. Our farmers deserve better. 
Feeling inspired after the  town hall this afternoon. I’ll always stand behind our teachers and their right to unionize. Thank you and for letting me be part of today’s powerful conversation. 
Thank you for the questions and powerful conversation about teaching in America. 
We need a Secretary of Education who actually cares about our teachers and students. 
In my administration, the Secretary of Education will be a former public school teacher who is committed to public education. Add your name if you agree that we need to replace Betsy DeVos with someone who actually fights for our kids. 
The next Secretary of Education should be a former public school teacher—someone who will fight for students and not for shady, for-profit colleges. 
I’ll be speaking at the  town hall about how we can level the playing field for America’s public school teachers. Tune in at 4:30 PM ET today. 
Betsy Devos has spent her time protecting for-profit colleges that break the law and cheat students. In a Warren administration, I will appoint a public school teacher to be the Secretary of Education. Sign up now if you are ready to fight for America’s teachers and students.
Betsy Devos has spent her time protecting for-profit colleges that break the law and cheat students. In a Warren administration, I will appoint a public school teacher to be the Secretary of Education. Sign up now if you are ready to fight for America’s teachers and students.
Betsy Devos has spent her time protecting for-profit colleges that break the law and cheat students. In a Warren administration, I will appoint a public school teacher to be the Secretary of Education. Sign up now if you are ready to fight for America’s teachers and students.
Betsy Devos has spent her time protecting for-profit colleges that break the law and cheat students. In a Warren administration, I will appoint a public school teacher to be the Secretary of Education. Sign up now if you are ready to fight for America’s teachers and students.
In a Warren administration, I will appoint a public school teacher to be a Secretary of Education who is committed to public education. Sign up now if you agree it’s the right thing to do and are ready to fight for America’s teachers and students.
Betsy Devos has spent her time protecting for-profit colleges that break the law and cheat students. Under a Warren administration, I will appoint a public school teacher to be the Secretary of Education. Sign up now if you are ready to fight for America’s teachers and students.
Betsy Devos has spent her time protecting for-profit colleges that break the law and cheat students. Under a Warren administration, I will appoint a public school teacher to be the Secretary of Education. Sign up now if you are ready to fight for America’s teachers and students.
Betsy Devos has spent her time protecting for-profit colleges that break the law and cheat students. Under a Warren administration, I will appoint a public school teacher to be the Secretary of Education. Sign up now if you are ready to fight for America’s teachers and students.
In a Warren administration, I will appoint a public school teacher to be a Secretary of Education who is committed to public education. Sign up now if you agree it’s the right thing to do and are ready to fight for America’s teachers and students
In a Warren administration, I will appoint a public school teacher to be a Secretary of Education who is committed to public education. Sign up now if you agree it’s the right thing to do and are ready to fight for America’s teachers and students.
And we need to make it easier to join a union. Unions give teachers—and all workers—power in negotiations over the long run. That's good for teachers, good for students, and good for making sure we put the resources we need directly into our schools.
My Secretary of Education will be someone with real teaching experience, who understands how low pay, tattered textbooks and crumbling classrooms affect educators and students. Someone who understands the crushing burden of student debt and will fight back.
But Betsy DeVos is just a symptom of a badly broken system. We’re up against powerful forces, and to win, we need big structural change. So here’s my plan: Under a Warren administration, the Secretary of Education will be a public school teacher. 
There's no greater example of how we're failing students and teachers than Betsy DeVos, the worst Secretary of Education we’ve seen. Appointed despite her conflicts of interest, she's spent her time protecting for-profit colleges that break the law and cheat students.
America’s teachers are being crushed. Too many teachers are working multiple jobs, drowning in student debt, and struggling to teach on shoestring budgets and insulting salaries. America is failing our teachers—and when we fail our teachers, we fail our future.
Ever since I was little, I wanted to be a teacher. My 2nd grade teacher, Mrs. Lee, was the first person to tell me that I could be a teacher too. And thanks to a high quality, public education, I did become a teacher. I want kids today to have the same opportunities I did.
Betsy Devos has spent her time protecting for-profit colleges that break the law and cheat students. Under a Warren administration, I will appoint a public school teacher to be the Secretary of Education. Sign up now if you are ready to fight for America’s teachers and students.
In a Warren administration, I will appoint a public school teacher to be a Secretary of Education who is committed to public education. Sign up now if you agree it’s the right thing to do and are ready to fight for America’s teachers and students.
I want to make it clear during  Those who serve our country deserve a safe, affordable place to live—for themselves and their families. My plan to improve our military housing would protect families from abuse and hold private developers accountable. 
Big tech companies like Facebook have too much power over our economy, our society, and our democracy. And when they buy out their competition, they stifle innovation and face less pressure to protect our privacy. That's why we need to  
We’ve had over 70 town halls and we do a selfie line after each one. Not only is it fun, it’s when I get to listen to people’s stories. I’m so glad I got to take my 20,000th selfie yesterday with Umeirra in Cincinnati. 
Black moms are dying from childbirth-related causes at rates 3-4 times higher than white moms—and structural racism is the root cause of this problem. We need to call it out, and then fight back. 
On  I’m thinking about Black and Brown moms in our country. Women of color are dying from pregnancy and childbirth-related causes at staggering rates and it is the direct result of institutional and structural racism. We need to call it out and address it head on. 
My mother didn’t have much, but she knew that her kids had a fighting chance to build a future. Today, not every family has that fighting chance. That’s what I’m fighting for to honor my mother, on Mother’s Day and every day. 
For a long time, I thought that was just a story about my mother. And then years later, I came to understand that it's a story about millions of Americans who—no matter how scared they are—reach down, dig deep, find it, and pull up what they need to take care of the family.
I watched her while she pulled it together, put that dress on, put on her high heels, blew her nose, walked to Sears, and got a minimum wage job. And that minimum wage job saved our house, but more importantly, it saved our family. That story is written on my heart.
Spread out on the bed was a black dress. It was that one dress that every mom had—it only came out for weddings, funerals, and graduations. She kept saying, “We will not lose this house. We will not lose this house.” She’d never worked outside the home, and she was terrified.
Happy  Today, I’m honoring my mother. One morning after my daddy’s heart attack, I remember standing in their bedroom. Her face was red and puffy, with wadded-up tissues next to her. We’d just lost our family station wagon. Our house was next.
Yay! Thanks for coming today and taking a selfie with me, Umeirra. 
Communities in NH and across the country are getting squeezed by opioids. They’re fighting back, but they can’t do it alone. We need to step up, and I have a plan to provide real resources to the states and communities affected by the opioid crisis. 
The energy in Columbus last night made me feel grateful down to my bones. We're going to dream big, fight hard, and win in 2020. 
Alabama’s anti-abortion bill is dangerous and unconstitutional. I’m grateful to the Democratic lawmakers who are fighting their hearts out to protect women’s rights to control our own bodies. I’m with you all the way. 
Earlier this week, I wanted to make sure I called some of the teachers who have donated to our campaign to thank them.  
This photo was taken the moment I asked people in the room if they knew someone or had been directly affected by the opioid epidemic. This crisis is hitting communities hard, ; I'm grateful for the important conversation in Chillicothe. If we fight hard, we can fix this together. 
We need to call out the history of discrimination in education, and honor the role HBCUs play in our country. Thank you for the opportunity. 
As folks came through the photo line after our town hall in Kermit, West Virginia, a few of them pressed notes into my hand. I took a moment as we left town to read them. 
Thank you to Kermit, West Virginia, for your warm hospitality today. This small but mighty town is fighting hard to hold massive corporations accountable for fueling the opioid crisis in their community—and I'm proud to join them in this fight. 
Checking out the Kermit Public Library was fun. One day we might even be able to see a book about our country’s first woman president. 
Today, 191 people will die from a drug overdose. I’m in this fight for everyone who’s been caught in the grips of addiction, or knows someone who is. By holding drug companies accountable and giving communities the money and tools to fight addiction, we can end the opioid crisis. 
When a corporate executive is criminally negligent and people get hurt, that executive should face jail time. 
 Biggest applause so far in Kermit, West Virginia: on accountability for corporations and executives for their role fueling the…
I asked the crowd at my Kermit town hall to raise their hands if someone they know has been caught in the grips of addiction—nearly every hand went up. We need a massive investment to end this crisis—which is why I want to invest $100 billion to end it.  
This crisis has been driven by greed, pure and simple, and it’s time to change that. I’ve got a plan to make these companies pay up to ensure every person gets the care they need. 
Here’s the truth: Fueling addiction is big business. The five companies being sued by Kermit earned $17 billion shipping prescription opioids to West Virginia during those few years, and their CEOs took home millions in bonuses and pay.
This small but mighty town filed a lawsuit against the pharmacy and five of the wholesale drug distributors who exacerbated the crisis. And it’s just one of many similar lawsuits lodged by towns, counties, and states across the country.
The companies shipping these pills repeatedly disregarded requirements to report suspicious patterns of behavior, and the state Board of Pharmacy failed to enforce its own rules. But Kermit is fighting back.
Over a period of just a few years, this town of only 400 people was flooded with approximately 13 million prescription opioid pills— that’s more than 30,000 pills per resident—all delivered to a single local pharmacy .
Today, I went to Kermit, a small town along the Kentucky-West Virginia border that’s been hard-hit by the opioid epidemic — and not by accident. I’ll tell you why.
The opioid epidemic is crushing communities across the country. My plan to fix it, the  would provide $100 billion in federal funding directly to communities like Bethlehem, NH. That’s what’s needed to make sure every single person gets the treatment they need. 
Governor Sununu’s veto of paid family and medical leave is absolutely shameful. Without paid leave, too many people will have to choose between their families and their paychecks. I'm going to fight for paid family and medical leave for every family. 
 Impromptu Warren town hall on the bus from the terminal to the plane, headed to Kermit, West Virginia. Asked why she’s going t…
Sen. Cruz’s new bill to eliminate the would help the rich and powerful, and hurt American families. This agency has forced financial companies to return an estimated $12 billion to the people. I’ll keep fighting for it—like I have from the start.
You bet I do.This is the fight of our lives—the fight to level the playing field for working Americans and return the power to the people. Will you be a part of our grassroots movement?  
My debt cancellation plan helps 42M lower-income ; middle-class families—and we'll pay for it with a 2 cent tax on the 75,000 richest fortunes. It also invests $50B in HBCUs ; Minority-Serving Institutions. Find out how much relief you'd receive here. 
My plan has broad public support, including from people who never had students loans or finished paying off their loans already. Americans are big-hearted—they recognize how this proposal would help millions of families and boost the economy for everyone. 
This is just part of my plan for ending the student debt crisis with broad student loan debt cancellation and universal free college. Since the release of my plan, people across America have described the incredible difference it could make in their lives. 
Bank lobbyists claimed that changing the bankruptcy rules for student loans would reduce costs. Instead, costs went up and private student lending exploded. It was great for banks and bad for students. Congress should pass our bill to change this law immediately.
In 2005, Congress passed a bad bankruptcy bill that made it harder for working families to stay afloat—including by making it nearly impossible for people to get rid of student loans in bankruptcy. Today, and I introduced a bill to change that.
We’re headed to West Virginia and Ohio this weekend. Hope to see you there (or at an upcoming organizing event near you). 
My proposal for an Ultra-Millionaire Tax on the largest fortunes in America would pay for plans like student loan debt cancellation, universal free college, universal child care, and ending the opioid epidemic. And we’d still have more than half a trillion dollars left over.
Nikita is a  volunteer in Utah who cares deeply about our environment and the urgency of climate change. I’m so grateful that she got in this fight. Sign up to volunteer, too:  
I have a plan to make big, structural changes to the tech sector to promote more competition — and it starts with breaking up Amazon, Google, and Facebook. Learn more: 
Chris Hughes is right. Today’s big tech companies have too much power—over our economy, our society, ; our democracy. They’ve bulldozed competition, used our private info for profit, hurt small businesses ; stifled innovation. It's time to  
Our democracy is broken. But I’ve got a plan—a lot of them!—to fix our government and give power back to the people. We can only do this together. Will you pitch in and join our movement? You might even get a call from me to say thanks. 
Yesterday, Mitch McConnell stepped onto the Senate floor saying “case closed” on the Mueller report.I don’t think so. 
Under my plan, the people who profited by causing the opioid crisis would pay up to help make sure every person gets the care they need. If you agree that we need big, structural change to take on the opioid epidemic, then become a citizen co-sponsor of the CARE Act today.
I’ve introduced the CARE Act: a comprehensive plan to end the opioid crisis by providing the resources needed to begin treating this epidemic like the public health emergency it is. Add your name to join the fight against the opioid epidemic by becoming a citizen co-sponsor.
The student loan debt crisis in America falls hardest on Black students and their families. My plan for student debt cancellation addresses that head on. 
The  is modeled after the Ryan White CARE Act, which—after a long fight—provided significant funding to help communities combat the HIV/AIDS epidemic. We need that kind of big, structural change to tackle the opioid epidemic today. 
Real, structural change to address the opioid epidemic is going to take new leadership in Washington. If you’re with me in the fight to end this crisis, add your name and become a citizen co-sponsor of the  
Nearly two decades into the 21st century—in the wealthiest country in the world—American life expectancy went down, and it’s largely driven by the opioid epidemic. The  gives us a fighting chance at ending the crisis and saving lives. 
The press plays an important role in holding institutions accountable—at home and around the world. These two brave journalists were jailed for more than 500 days for reporting the truth. Happy to see Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo are finally free. 
A year ago the Trump administration began its immoral family separation policy. Yesterday, the artist and activist installation in front of the capitol building was a powerful reminder: We won’t stop fighting  
Let’s be clear:  is nothing more than Governor Sununu’s attempt to impose a poll tax on college students to make it harder for them to make their voices heard. Gov. Sununu should listen to the people. 
 Bad policies like the forced pregnancy bill are a direct result of voter suppression. If leaders can silence Georgians’ v…
Let’s be clear: This bill, and others across the country like it, put women in danger. Women should have the right to control our own bodies. We won’t go back. Not now—not ever. 
Under my plan, billionaires that got rich off of this crisis would pay to help ensure every person gets the care they need. And under my Corporate Executive Accountability Act, executives who deliberately hurt people through criminal negligence will face real criminal penalties.
That's a start. But this crisis has been driven by greed, pure and simple. To solve it, we need to hold business executives that cheat, defraud, and addict people accountable.
The CARE Act also works to strengthen our addiction treatment infrastructure—demanding states use Medicaid to its fullest to tackle the crisis, expanding access to medication-assisted treatment, and ensuring treatment programs and recovery residences meet high standards.
These resources would support the whole continuum of care, from early intervention, to harm reduction, to long-term support services. They would ensure access to mental health services and help provide critical wraparound services like housing support and medical transportation.
Today, Rep. Cummings ; I—along with 80+ cosponsors—are rolling out the CARE Act, a comprehensive plan to end the opioid crisis by providing states ; communities $100 billion over the next 10 years to ensure every single person gets the treatment they need. 
70,000 Americans died in 2017 from a drug overdose—the majority due to opioids. Emergency room visits for opioid overdoses are skyrocketing, and too many are still not receiving treatment. This is a public health crisis. And it has also severely impacted communities of color.
Heartsick for the victims, their loved ones, and the Highlands Ranch community. How many more of our children’s schools must be torn apart by gun violence until Congress does something? We need gun reform. Now.
Tonight I’ll be on to talk about how it’s never been more important to defend our constitution and fight for our democracy. Tune in to at 8 PM ET!
When Mitch McConnell says the Mueller investigation is “case closed,” he’s doing Donald Trump’s dirty work for him. We’ve got to call it out, and we’ve got to fight back. Sign on to demand the full, unredacted Mueller report.
When Mitch McConnell says the Mueller investigation is “case closed,” he’s doing Donald Trump’s dirty work for him. We’ve got to call it out, and we’ve got to fight back. Sign on to demand the full, unredacted Mueller report.
When Mitch McConnell says the Mueller investigation is “case closed,” he’s doing Donald Trump’s dirty work for him. We’ve got to call it out, and we’ve got to fight back. Sign on to demand the full, unredacted Mueller report.
When Mitch McConnell says the Mueller investigation is “case closed,” he’s doing Donald Trump’s dirty work for him. We’ve got to call it out, and we’ve got to fight back. Sign on to demand the full, unredacted Mueller report.
There are three inescapable facts from the Mueller report that Mitch McConnell can't hide:1. A foreign government attacked our elections in order to help Donald Trump.2. Trump welcomed that help.3. Trump tried to obstruct the investigation into his actions.
When Mitch McConnell says the Mueller investigation is “case closed,” he’s doing Donald Trump’s dirty work for him. We’ve got to call it out, and we’ve got to fight back. Sign on to demand the full, unredacted Mueller report.
When Mitch McConnell says the Mueller investigation is “case closed,” he’s doing Donald Trump’s dirty work for him. We’ve got to call it out, and we’ve got to fight back. Sign on to demand the full, unredacted Mueller report.
When Mitch McConnell says the Mueller investigation is “case closed,” he’s doing Donald Trump’s dirty work for him. We’ve got to call it out, and we’ve got to fight back. Sign on to demand the full, unredacted Mueller report.
When Mitch McConnell says the Mueller investigation is “case closed,” he’s doing Donald Trump’s dirty work for him. We’ve got to call it out, and we’ve got to fight back. Sign on to demand the full, unredacted Mueller report.
Republican leaders like Mitch McConnell have served at the beck and call of billionaires and CEOs, and now they’re doing Donald Trump’s dirty work for him. No one is above the law — not even the president. If you agree, sign our petition now.
Republican leaders like Mitch McConnell have served at the beck and call of billionaires and CEOs, and now they’re doing Donald Trump’s dirty work for him. No one is above the law — not even the president. If you agree, sign our petition now.
Republican leaders like Mitch McConnell have served at the beck and call of billionaires and CEOs, and now they’re doing Donald Trump’s dirty work for him. No one is above the law — not even the president. If you agree, sign our petition now.
Republican leaders like Mitch McConnell have served at the beck and call of billionaires and CEOs, and now they’re doing Donald Trump’s dirty work for him. No one is above the law — not even the president. If you agree, sign our petition now.
Mitch McConnell is protecting and defending Donald Trump—not our Constitution or democracy. Congress needs to do its job and start impeachment proceedings now. 
Mitch McConnell took the same oath of office as I did: To protect and defend the Constitution of the United States—not to protect and defend Donald Trump. Every elected official should read the Mueller report. Then Congress should do its job and begin impeachment proceedings.
Looks like a great walk—wish Bruce and I could have joined with Bailey!  
My plan would wipe out student loan debt for millions of Americans—and I’ve got a calculator to show you how much you’d save. 
Any efforts to address climate change must include our public lands. That’s why on the first day of a Warren administration, I will sign  a total moratorium on all new fossil fuel leases, including for drilling offshore and on public lands. 
Our grassroots team is growing! Over half of our staff is on the ground in the early primary and caucus states, and I need your help to keep up the momentum. Chip in $5, or whatever you can, to power this grassroots campaign. 
Somebody’s ready for spring. 
Ramadan Mubarak! Bruce and I send our wishes for a blessed and meaningful month for all who observe.
My 2nd grade teacher, Mrs. Lee, told me that if I worked hard, I could be a teacher, too. That changed my world, and I’m still grateful. Thank you to our teachers across the country who fight every day so that our kids have the opportunity to succeed. 
Last week, I re-introduced legislation that would provide Puerto Rico with a path to comprehensive debt relief. We won’t stop fighting until the people of Puerto Rico get the respect they deserve. Add your name here to say you’re with me on this: 
I heard you loud and clear! Baby onesies are available on our online store (perfect for your pint-sized persisters).  
Dominic, Kanu, Morgan, and Madeline all have big goals they want to reach—but student loan debt is holding them back. It’s time to address this problem head on, and that’s what my new plan does. 
It does! And you can see exactly how much debt would be cancelled by using my new calculator:  
Sixty-four percent of Florida voters approved an amendment to their state constitution that would restore voting rights to ex-felons—but Republicans are working hard to undermine the will of the people. It’s outrageous. 
 is right—no person is illegal, and our laws should reflect that. I admire his smart ideas on reforming our immigration laws. We should all pay attention to them. 
Our grassroots movement is growing in South Carolina. Follow for  updates from SC and information on how to join our fight. Let’s do this together! 
Thank you, Osage and Mason City! Had a powerful conversation today about how we can level the playing field for working families in Iowa—and across the country. 
Woo-hoo! I’m grateful that you’re dreaming big and fighting hard in Indiana. 
No spoilers! 
I'm thrilled that the courts are holding Republicans accountable for their disgraceful partisan gerrymandering. But if we truly want to break their grip on power, we'll need to elect Dems across the country, up and down the ballot *before* redistricting. 
It’s possible! Let’s keep growing our movement to make it a reality. 
 Took the survey. This would  eliminating a huge burden each month, and make thinking about the future hugely…
 This would be, in every sense of the word, life-changing. I am a public school teacher who had to take some of…
I’ve got a plan to cancel student loan debt for over 95% of Americans with student loans—and a calculator to help you figure out how much of your debt would be cancelled. Try it out and let me know how it goes!  
Dreaming big, fighting hard, and living proud! 
Grateful down to my toes for every single person in this movement. Let’s keep fighting hard! 
Yesterday, I stopped by our Win With Warren organizing house party in Iowa Falls—and oh boy, was there some great energy in the room. Iowa is in this fight all the way. 
Women should be able to control our own bodies. Our rights aren’t just threatened in Alabama —all across the country, safe, legal abortion access is under attack. You bet I’ll keep fighting to protect it. 
Thank you, Ames! 
 Watching students calculate their student loan debt forgiveness under the plan by &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
How much of your student loan debt could get canceled under my new plan? Give our new calculator a try:   
No one understands Iowa Democratic politics quite like Jan Bauer does. I’m grateful we had the opportunity to chat today about this grassroots fight and the work she does to grow this movement! 
John Kelly pushed for family separation while in the White House. Now he'll profit off of separating mamas from their babies. It’s immoral, and under my plan to  it would be illegal for someone like Kelly to do this. 
It was great talking to you, I’m inspired by your dedication to the people of Iowa. 
HBCUs have had to do more with less, and that’s wrong. We need to call out the discrimination that led us to this point, and we need to live up to our obligations. That means we need to start investing in HBCUs. 
I've got a plan to cancel student loan debt for 42 million Americans—and we've got a new calculator to help you figure out how much of your debt would be cancelled. Give it a try ; tell us how much of your student loan debt will be cancelled.  
Right now, Wall Street is squeezing Puerto Rico. We must do better by our fellow U.S. citizens. That’s why I have a plan to provide comprehensive debt relief to Puerto Rico so it can rebuild and thrive. 
Grace, I’m so glad to have you on our team. 
The flooding across eastern Iowa is just one example of how climate change is affecting us in real time. It’s our moral obligation to fight for our planet before it’s too late. Thank you for stepping up and helping the community, Karen! 
A hostile foreign power attacked our democracy. The president welcomed that attack, obstructed the investigation into it, ; is now cozying up with the leader who orchestrated it. Congress needs to do its job, stand up for our national security, and begin impeachment proceedings. 
Health care is a human right, and we fight for human rights. 
Grace from New Hampshire is absolutely right. My new plan to cancel student debt for 95% of Americans and make public college free would level the playing field for all of our students—not just a select few. 
About a third of US student loan debt is held by people over the age of 40. The student loan debt crisis is a burden on all of us, and my plan to cancel debt for 95% of Americans with student loan debt helps everyone get ahead. 
Candidates for president don’t always go to Utah or Tennessee or Alabama because they aren’t battleground states. But this is a 50-state campaign, and I'm traveling to every corner of our country because I’m running to be president of the entire United States. 
The flooding in Davenport and across eastern Iowa is heartbreaking. Climate change is here, and it’s up to us to act. 
On Yom HaShoah, we pause to remember the millions of victims of the Holocaust. This year, Remembrance Day falls in the shadow of yet another attack on a synagogue. We must keep fighting anti-Semitism, bigotry, racism, and hate.
I missed Shannon on the first try, and then I saw her tweet asking to call her back—so I did. I’m deeply grateful for Shannon and her dedication to this grassroots movement. 
En Estados Unidos, se necesita un liderazgo que respete a todos sus ciudadanos—y en el caso de Puerto Rico, el respeto significa poner las vidas de millones de ciudadanos por encima de los márgenes de ganancia de Wall Street. 
Puerto Rico shows us a clear example of how well the federal government works for Wall Street and how poorly it works for everyone else. I believe we should fight back—and treat Puerto Rico with respect. 
Crippling student loan debt is holding families back. My new plan would change that for Valerie from South Carolina, and millions of other Americans across the country. 
Esta legislación establecería una avenida para el alivio comprensivo de la deuda de Puerto Rico. Puedes leer todos los detalles aquí. 
Los ejecutivos de Wall Street ven la desesperación en la isla como una oportunidad para obtener ganancias—y eso me da asco. Por eso estoy presentado nuevamente el Acta de Alivio para los Territorios Estadounidenses.
El Congreso tuvo la oportunidad de romper con el control de Wall Street. En vez de hacerlo, aprobaron una legislación llamada PROMESA, estableciendo una junta de supervisión fiscal que exigió recortes a servicios básicos, coartando la posibilidad de recuperación para PR.
Sin embargo, por causa de su estatus único, esas avenidas legales no están a su alcance. Gran parte de la deuda está en manos de Wall Street, quienes intentan exprimir hasta el último centavo de ganancia.
Si Puerto Rico fuera una corporación grande o una ciudad en los Estados Unidos en este tipo de crisis financiera, podría declararse en bancarrota: pagando parte de su deuda, liquidando el resto y así comenzar a reconstruir.
Los huracanes Irma y María devastaron a Puerto Rico y a los millones de ciudadanos estadounidenses que viven en la isla. Queda claro que la respuesta de la administración de Trump fue inefectiva, pero una de las mayores limitaciones frenando la recuperación recae en su deuda.
Wall Street executives see the island’s desperation as just another opportunity to make a profit—and it makes me sick. That’s why I’m re-introducing the U.S. Territorial Relief Act to provide Puerto Rico with a path to comprehensive debt relief. 
Much of Puerto Rico’s debt is held by Wall Street, which is trying to squeeze out every last penny of profit. Congress had a chance to break Wall Street's grip. Instead, they passed PROMESA, imposing an oversight board which has slashed services, hindering the recovery.
If Puerto Rico were a big company or an American city in this kind of financial trouble, it could file for bankruptcy, pay some of its debts, discharge the rest, then start rebuilding. But because of its unique status, those legal options aren’t available.
Hurricanes Irma and Maria devastated Puerto Rico and the millions of U.S. citizens who live there. The Trump Administration's response was slow and ineffective—but one of the biggest constraints holding back the recovery has been Puerto Rico's debt.
My three big brothers served in the military: Don Reed and John joined the Air Force, and David joined the Army. I’m glad I got to talk with and listen to military families in Nevada on Saturday. They deserve better and you bet I’m going to keep fighting for them. 
Hate has no place in our country. The threat of white nationalism is real. And when I'm president, the Justice Department will prosecute domestic terrorists to the full extent of the law.
The American people know we must take bold steps to address our student debt crisis. By asking the top 0.1% to pay their fair share, we can cancel student loans for 42 million Americans. That wouldn’t just help our students, it would help all of us. 
 Our rights weren't gifted. They were won by workers who refused to accept second best. Happy  
Unions built the middle class, and unions will rebuild the middle class. I’m grateful I got the chance to talk with members in Nevada last weekend. 
Covering our eyes won't change the facts. It's long past time to bring our troops home from Afghanistan. 
Since today is Bailey’s birthday, here’s a little something to celebrate! Our team has Bailey-themed bandanas and a lot more at our online store:  
May is Asian Pacific American Heritage Month—an important time to honor  Americans and their history. I’m grateful for the AAPI leaders across the country who are driving the fight for big, structural change in their communities. 
It’s Bailey Warren’s first birthday today! We adopted him last year and named him after George Bailey, the community banker in It’s a Wonderful Life. Sign our birthday card today to help wish America’s "consumer watchdog" a paw-some birthday.
He’s a Very Good Boy, 15/10 in fact, and it’s his first birthday. Sign the card and wish our “consumer watchdog” a happy birthday.
Donald Trump isn’t king, and no one is above the law. We know Barr's deceptive "summary" was intended to protect the man in the White House, and Congress should begin impeachment proceedings against the President. 
This is outrageous. We need answers on how obtained surveillance data from family separation protests and how that data was used. 
I read the whole Mueller report. It's clear that Donald Trump obstructed an investigation into an attack on America and into his own behavior. Presidents are not above the law, and Congress has a constitutional duty to start impeachment proceedings. If you agree, add your name.
AG Barr is a disgrace, and his alarming efforts to suppress the Mueller report show that he's not a credible head of federal law enforcement. He should resign—and based on the actual facts in the Mueller report, Congress should begin impeachment proceedings against the President.
It’s Bailey’s 1st birthday! Bruce and I are so grateful for this sweetie and the gentleness he brings into our lives. Happy birthday, boy. You make my heart happy. 
On  I’m thinking about our country’s long history of workers making their voices heard and demanding change—just like the Lawrence, MA mill workers did over a century ago. The Bread and Roses strike inspires me to this day, and reminds us to keep fighting for our rights. 
I've read the Mueller report, and one thing is very clear: Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in our lifetime, and Congress should begin impeachment proceedings. No one is above the law. Not even the President. 
I'm heartsick for the victims of the  shooting and their family, friends, and classmates. Schools should be a safe haven for students and faculty, but again we see a horrific act of violence on a school campus. Enough is enough.
Special Counsel Robert Mueller's letter objecting to the Attorney General's characterization of his report confirms what we already suspected: Barr's "summary" was a willfully deceptive interpretation intended to protect the man in the White House. 
I read the whole Mueller report. It's clear that Donald Trump obstructed an investigation into an attack on America and into his own behavior. Presidents are not above the law, and Congress has a constitutional duty to start impeachment proceedings. If you agree, add your name.
Free public college. Universal child care. Affordable housing. Yep, I’ve got a plan for all that—and more. But it starts with growing our grassroots movement so we can win in 2020. Chip in what you can and you might get a call from me to say thanks. 
This is a campaign of ideas—and you bet I have a lot of them. It’s about identifying what’s broken and how we’re going to make the structural change to fix it. 
Some giant companies make billions of dollars in profits but pay $0 in corporate income tax. My Real Corporate Profits Tax would make big and profitable companies pay their fair share and ensure none of them ever pay zero taxes again. 
Thank you, Ady. I’m so grateful to call you my friend. We’re in this fight together. 
Karen from New Hampshire has seen first hand how students are getting crushed by mountains of student loan debt. By making public colleges free and canceling student debt for 95% of Americans, we’ll do good by our students and our economy. 
Every year that Washington keeps working for the rich and the powerful, Medicare is more likely to come under attack. Enough is enough. We need to protect and expand Medicare. 
It was great meeting you, too. Unions built the middle class and unions will rebuild the middle class. I’m with you all the way. 
Instead of going to closed-door fundraisers with the wealthiest donors, I spend my time talking with grassroots donors who chip in what they can. Chip in whatever is meaningful and realistic to you now (and if you get a call from an unknown number, pick up — it might be me!)
Instead of going to closed-door fundraisers with the wealthiest donors, I spend my time talking with grassroots donors who chip in what they can. Chip in whatever is meaningful and realistic to you now (and if you get a call from an unknown number, pick up — it might be me!)
I’m not taking PAC money or donations from federal lobbyists. I’m also not schmoozing with wealthy donors behind closed doors. That’s why I need your help. Help hit our April fundraising goal and chip in to our Official 2020 Campaign. 
Black women are 3 to 4 times more likely than white women to die from pregnancy or childbirth-related causes. A major reason? Racism. It's time to hold health systems accountable for protecting Black moms. 
Instead of going to closed-door fundraisers with the wealthiest donors, I spend my time   talking with grassroots donors who chip in what they can. Chip in whatever is meaningful and realistic to you now (and if you get a call from an unknown number, pick up — it might be me!)
Instead of going to closed-door fundraisers with the wealthiest donors, I spend my time   talking with grassroots donors who chip in what they can. Chip in whatever is meaningful and realistic to you now (and if you get a call from an unknown number, pick up — it might be me!)
If you own a home, you’re already paying a wealth tax—it’s called a property tax. I just want the ultra-rich to pay a wealth tax on the diamonds, the yachts, and the Rembrandts too. 
Our democracy is not for sale, and neither is my time. That’s why this campaign is powered by grassroots donors. We have less than 48 hours to hit our April fundraising goal—will you chip in what you can? 
It was great to be in Las Vegas again this weekend to talk about how we’re going to fight for big, structural change. See you again soon! 
She used to lobby for a Ukrainian oligarch. Now the Trump administration wants to give her a plum job at the Treasury Department. Under my plan to  it’d be illegal for former lobbyists like her to work for our government. 
What would it be like to have a woman in the White House? I think it’d be great—and the crowd in Cedar Rapids last week agreed. 
Women should be able to control our own bodies. Full stop. 
Outrageous. Filing taxes should be simple and free. Big financial corporations like TurboTax shouldn’t be able to scam consumers like this—and my Tax Simplification Act would fix that. 
For most candidates, “call time” means calling wealthy donors and asking for money. Not me. I’m spending “call time” thanking small-dollar, grassroots donors who give what they can. Chip in what you can, and you might get a call from me to say thank you:  
Busy weekend in Iowa and Nevada. Somebody was waiting for me to come home! 
Unions built America’s middle class and unions will rebuild America’s middle class. Thanks and for inviting me to speak at the  
Thank you, Iowa, for the warm welcome and for helping make Bruce’s birthday weekend truly special! We look forward to seeing you again soon. 
I was proud to take the  pledge—now let's do the work we need to do to defeat Trump in 2020. 
I'm heartsick for the victims of today's horrific attack at the Chabad of Poway and their families. No one should ever have to face hatred and violence in a place of worship. It's on all of us to stand up to the rising threat of anti-semitism, racism, and hate.
As I told we've got to get organized, get mobilized, and build a grassroots movement if we want to make big, structural change. And we'll need a president who is willing to fight for it every inch of the way. 
On her birthday, we remember activist and civil rights hero Coretta Scott King. Her powerful voice continues to resonate across the country—and we will never let anyone silence it. Nevertheless, we persist.
The food—and Bruce—were both better than ever. Happy birthday, sweetie. 
I ordered him a huge lunch, and he wolfed down every bite. At the end, he said he loved it. Right then, I knew this was a guy I could live with forever. This week we were back in Houston for She the People, and we went back to Ninfa’s.
The first time Bruce came to Houston to meet my family, I picked him up at the airport and drove him directly to my favorite Tex-Mex place, Ninfa’s on Navigation. He’d grown up in Massachusetts and everything in this part of the world was new.
Today is Bruce's birthday, so yesterday we celebrated with cake. I’m very lucky to have him by my side this weekend in Iowa—and for all of life’s big adventures. Happy birthday, Bruce! 
Surprise, surprise. The man in the White House wants to give a top government job to another one of his rich buddies. Barry Myers is a walking conflict of interest who doesn't belong anywhere near 
I’m so glad to have you on our team, Dan! 
Here's my plan: We fight side by side, 
On  I want to be clear: You matter. We see you. We won’t stop fighting until everyone is free to love without fear or discrimination.
People come up to me, introduce themselves, and then tell me how much student loan debt they have. Their debt is keeping them from buying homes, starting businesses, and pursuing the careers they want. It's time to cancel the debt that is crushing an entire generation. 
Universal child care. Affordable housing. Student loan debt cancellation and universal free college. Yup, I’ve got a plan for that—and more.
Coastal communities have made it clear: No more offshore drilling that hurts our planet. On day one of a Warren administration, I promise to sign a total moratorium on new offshore drilling. 
This week at I was asked if I’m afraid voters will think white male candidates are “safer” than voting for a woman.I’m not afraid—not by a long shot. 
Today, I’m thinking about the Iowans whose lives were torn apart by intense flooding this spring, and the first responders who are helping keep people safe. Climate change is real—and we need big, structural change to tackle it head on.
Yesterday’s meet and greet in Linn County was a meaningful one. People are fired up for big, structural change. 
Today I’m rolling out a plan to improve our military housing, protect families from abuse, and hold private developers accountable. The very least we owe those who proudly defend our country and their families is a safe, affordable place to live. 
Military families have been living with lead paint, faulty wiring, ceilings collapsing, and mice infestations. Mold has taken over entire rooms. Kids are getting sick from living in these homes. That's not how we should treat our servicemembers—and it needs to stop now.
A handful of private developers have taken over 99% of domestic military family housing. Driven by short-term payoffs and with no meaningful oversight, contractors have failed to maintain the homes they were entrusted with—and families are suffering the consequences.
The legacy of racist redlining practices still haunts Black and Brown communities. It’s wrong. Yesterday at  I talked about my new housing plan that would level the playing field for communities of color. 
New Hampshire is getting squeezed by our country’s opioid epidemic. Last month I had the opportunity to visit Friendship House, an opioid treatment center in Bethlehem, and had powerful conversations with patients about how we can end this crisis. 
I wanted to be a teacher since 2nd grade. Here I am with my doll collection—I used to line them up and play “school.” Later, I had the chance to be a special education teacher and a law professor because America invested in kids like me. We need to invest in kids again.  
More proof that Amazon has too much power. Tech monopolies hurt small businesses, innovation, and consumers. 
Thank you for a great conversation, 
Five years. An entire generation of children has lived all or most of their lives without access to clean, safe water. Activists like have been fighting tirelessly for Flint—but we must do better to ensure no community ever faces a crisis like this ever again. 
Donald Trump’s White House is a product of a system that’s rigged in favor of the rich and the powerful. But this is our time to change that. Join our fight to win in 2020 and return the power to the people:  
This is despicable. A young life was lost and a family is grieving because of anti-LGBTQ+ comments like these. My thoughts and prayers are with the friends and family of Nigel Shelby. To the LGBTQ+ community: You are loved. You matter. You are deserving. 
Climate change is real and it is here—just ask farmers in Iowa who have felt the change in growing seasons, excessive flooding, and about $2 billion in damage to communities. We need real solutions like a  we need them now. 
There is a student loan debt crisis, and it’s holding an entire generation back—from reducing home ownership rates to forcing students to drop out of school before getting a degree. It’s unacceptable and I want to change that.  
In Iowa, I met family farmers who are getting squeezed by decades of policies that favor giant agribusinesses like Bayer-Monsanto. Time for better policy choices . Learn more about my plan to level the playing field for America’s family farmers:  
Giant agribusinesses like these have too much power, and family farms are getting hurt. My plan to level the playing field for America’s farmers tackles consolidation in the agriculture sector head on. 
This is a slap on the wrist—a fraction of the profits Facebook makes in a year. Facebook is a repeat offender ; fines like this won’t stop them from breaking the law ; violating our privacy again. It's going to take big, structural change.  
You have to pay something back so that everyone gets a chance. If we put a 2% tax on the wealthiest families in the country, we can have universal Pre-K, universal free college, knock back student loan debt for 95% of Americans—and still have a trillion dollars leftover.
I’m so grateful for the work that does to register and turn out voters—it was so good to meet these powerful women and thank them for their work! 
We need bold solutions to the epidemic of maternal mortality in America.  Let’s talk to hospitals in the language they understand: money. Reduce the rate of maternal mortality or lose money. Sign up now to join our fight.
Let’s make it unacceptable for medical providers to tolerate high rates of moms dying—especially Black moms. Under my plan, if providers deliver quality care to Black moms, they’ll make more money. If they don’t, they’ll make less. Make providers pay until this crisis is fixed.
Black moms in our country are dying from childbirth-related causes 3-4 times more often than white moms. Let’s make it unacceptable for medical providers to tolerate the high rates of moms dying—especially Black moms. Sign up now to join our fight.
What a powerful room. Honored and grateful down to my toes. Thank you, 
We have to right the wrongs for communities of color. And that starts by addressing the legacy of discrimination in our country. 
 at  I learned a fact: When your ears are stuffed with money, you can't hear well"SAY IT!!
Black moms in our country are dying from childbirth-related causes 3-4 times more often than white moms. Any meaningful solution to our maternal mortality crisis must address structural racism as a root cause of this problem. My new idea would tackle this crisis head on. 
Grateful to be part of such a powerful conversation at  this afternoon. Our country needs to do better by women of color—and for me, it starts with addressing and tackling the Black maternal mortality crisis head on. 
We've done this in other areas of health care. Let's do it here. If providers deliver quality care to Black moms, they’ll make more. If they don’t, they’ll make less. Don't just observe and debate racism in health care. Make providers pay until this crisis is fixed. 
Advocates are forcing Black maternal mortality into the conversation. There are important ideas on the table. Here's mine: Hit health care providers in their wallets. Make it unacceptable for providers to tolerate our high rates of moms dying—especially Black moms. 
The evidence all points in the same direction. The mistreatment of Black and Brown women around maternal health is the direct result of institutional and structural racism. We need bold solutions to the epidemic of maternal mortality in America. 
Moms in our country are dying from childbirth at rates almost 40% higher than in other wealthy countries—and the Black maternal mortality rate is 3-4 times higher than it is for white moms, across all income levels. We have to call it out. 
The treatment of women and infants is a direct reflection of the values of a society—and the U.S. has the worst maternal mortality rate in the developed world. It's a national disgrace. Today, I talked about my idea to fix it. 
Student loan debt is holding back an entire generation and crushing families—but we can change that. José María, Eva, Jayme, Alexandria, Tasha, Alicia, and Michael have big plans for what they could do if we cancel their debt. 
We need to start fixing our higher education system so it better serves everyone—including communities of color. That's why my plan invests a minimum of $50 billion in HBCUs and Minority-Serving Institutions (MSIs). 
I’m grateful for the conversations we had in Keene and Weare last weekend about the future of our country. We're going to do this together! 
 Something you may not have noticed about bold education plan: she's taking a stand for Veterans.Warren woul…
We need to act on climate change before it’s too late. That’s why I’m making a promise. On the first day of a Warren administration, I’ll sign a total moratorium on all new fossil fuel leases, including for drilling offshore and on public lands. 
We won’t go back on women’s health—not now, not ever. The Trump administration's gag rule is immoral, dangerous, and illegal. Period.  
Go, Jane! 
It was great meeting Ricardo at in South Carolina yesterday. I’m grateful that young people like him are in this fight all the way to cancel debt for 95% of Americans and make public colleges free. 
Young people in our country, like Aubrey from Utah, are getting absolutely crushed by student loan debt. It doesn’t have to be this way and I’ve got a plan to tackle the debt crisis head on. 
 I am a Navy veteran, with $50,000 in student loan debts.  I often struggle with work because of chronic pain from…
 if this plan goes into effect, i would only have to pay back $12-15K, which i can thankfully do in one year, and have done…
I want every girl to grow up knowing that they can fight from the heart—and that they can win. So when I meet a little girl on the campaign trail, I say: “I’m running for president, because that’s what girls do.” And we pinky promise that they’ll remember. 
When Amazon can tilt the online marketplace in its own favor, small businesses see an immediate impact in their profits. That can be absolutely crushing, it's not fair, and I’m fighting to end that. 
Finally, I said that Amazon was about 49% of all online retail sales. And yes, you are. What an odd thing to deliberately misconstrue. 
Second, Amazon's private label products are projected to reach $25 billion in online sales by 2022. An analyst said huge private label sales would give Amazon "a strong...competitive advantage": 
Oh boy. Here are the facts:First, there are multiple reports that Amazon is using the data it collects to copy successful goods sold by small businesses on the Amazon Marketplace and sell its own branded version.  
The first step to addressing the student debt crisis is to deal with the outstanding debt that's weighing down millions of families. My plan for broad student debt cancellation would cancel debt for more than 95% of the 45 million Americans with student loan debt. Join our fight.
Graduating college debt-free shouldn’t be a privilege for the ultra-wealthy. That’s why I’m proposing a federal investment in public higher education that will eliminate the cost of tuition + fees at every public two-year and four-year college. Sign up to join the fight.
The first step to addressing the student debt crisis is to deal with the outstanding debt that's weighing down millions of families. My plan for broad student debt cancellation would cancel debt for more than 95% of the 45 million Americans with student loan debt. Join our fight.
For decades, Black Americans were kept out of higher education by virtue of overtly discriminatory policies. We must do more to correct these historical injustices. My plan will create a minimum $50 billion fund for HBCUs. Sign up to join our fight for big, structural change.
Graduating college debt-free shouldn’t be a privilege for the ultra-wealthy. That’s why I’m proposing a federal investment in public higher education that will eliminate the cost of tuition + fees at every public two-year and four-year college. Sign up to join the fight.
Let’s be clear: Our  must count every single person. Our Constitution demands it, and our democracy requires it. 
My new plan for the cancellation of student loan debt applies to public technical schools, too. Wherever you pursue an education, you should be able to graduate without getting crushed by piles of debt. 
Thanks, I’m grateful for the work you do on this issue, including pushing NH to restore funding for public universities. 
 Want to know more about plan for student debt relief and tuition-free public college? Read all about it in toda…
You've got to pay something back so that everyone can have a chance. A 2% tax on the wealthiest fortunes can let us provide universal Pre-K, universal free college, cancel student loan debt for 95% of Americans—and still have a trillion dollars left over.  
I was grateful to be at this morning, where we talked about how we can level the playing field for all our students—not just a select few. My new college debt plan would establish a minimum of $50 billion for HBCUs and Minority-Serving Institutions. 
We can make big, structural change—as long as we build a grassroots movement to fight for it. Add your name to say you support cancelling up to $50,000 in student loan debt for 42 million Americans and making universal free public college a reality. 
Our government needs to do right by Americans getting crushed by debt—including you, Sarah. I’m in this fight to end the student debt crisis all the way. 
I know we can make real, structural change for students like you, Olyvia. That’s what my new plan is all about. 
Woo-hoo! Massachusetts and I are really lucky to have 
Do you have a story about student loan debt and college affordability? How would this plan change your life? If this plan would be personally meaningful for you or someone you know, raise your voice and tell your story with   
My new plan would cancel up to $50,000 in student loan debt for 42 million Americans, and completely wipe out student loan debt for more than 75% of Americans. This would free an entire generation of families from crushing debt and give our economy a boost.
Even better: I want to establish a *minimum* of $50 billion for HBCUs ; Minority-Serving Institutions (MSIs)! The Secretary of Ed. would increase the amount of money in the fund as needed to ensure that spending per-student at these schools is comparable to colleges in the area. 
This is personal because policy touches the lives of everyone in this country. Thanks for tuning in!  
Wow! Thanks for watching. We’re in this fight together. 
 We shouldn't even need to say this, but we agree "No coal lobbyists for head of the EPA."  
I’m so grateful you tuned in, Zerlina. 
Climate change is real and it is here. We just can’t wait any longer. It’s all hands on deck, and we’ve got to make change—starting with a    
I believe the House should initiate impeachment proceedings against the President of the United States. There is no political inconvenience exception to the United States Constitution. I explained my position tonight.  
Here’s the deal: Girls dream big, fight hard, and win.  
We’re not going to win this by name-calling or talking about Donald Trump. The way we’re going to do this is by talking about our vision and how it affects families across the country. Our economy and our democracy are at stake.  
When I first ran for office, I was told that people weren't ready to elect a woman. But I organized, built a grassroots movement, and fought for working people. And I won. That's how I'm going to be the first woman elected President of the United States.  
The student loan debt burden is crushing millions of families and acting as an anchor on our economy. That’s just wrong. My new plan would end this crisis and clean up the mess it’s caused. 
If we put a 2% tax on the wealthiest families in the country, we can provide universal Pre-K, universal free college, knock back student loan debt for 95% of Americans—and still have a trillion dollars leftover.  
I actually read the whole Mueller report. It’s clear Donald Trump obstructed an investigation into an attack on America and into his own behavior. Presidents are not above the law, and Congress has a constitutional duty to start impeachment proceedings.  
The only way we can make big, structural change is if we all work together. Chip in whatever you can and join our fight. Every donation makes a difference. 
The only way we can make big, structural change is if we all work together. Chip in whatever you can and join our fight. Every donation makes a difference.
There is no political inconvenience exception to the United States Constitution.  
The only way we can make big, structural change is if we all work together. Chip in whatever you can and join our fight. Every donation makes a difference. 
It’s true: I was a registered Republican. Then I started doing research on why families were getting crushed. All the money was on one side, and all the hurting was on the other. I realized that all of the Republicans stood with the rich and powerful. 
Giant tech companies have too much power. My plan to  prevents corporations like Amazon from knocking out the rest of the competition. You can be an umpire, or you can be a player—but you can’t be both. 
I’m making a promise. On my first day as President, I will sign a moratorium on new fossil fuel drilling offshore and on public lands. Read more about my new public lands plan here:  
Here’s what I learned when I first ran for Senate in 2012. People care more about their families than name calling. I know because I grew up in a family that was paycheck-to-paycheck. 
I want every little girl to know that she can run for office. So when I meet girls on the campaign trail, I say, “My name is Elizabeth. And I’m running for president because that’s what girls do.” And we pinky swear.  
Every year that goes by, our Medicare system is a little further out of whack. Why? Because Washington keeps working for the rich and the powerful. Well I’m willing to take on that fight. We need to protect and expand Medicare. 
It’s true: I was a registered Republican. Then I started doing research on why families were getting crushed. All the money was on one side, and all the hurting was on the other. I realized that all of the Republicans stood with the rich and powerful. 
When I first ran for Senate, people told me that Massachusetts wasn’t ready for a woman Senator. I proved them wrong. So now when I meet girls on the campaign trail, I say, “My name is Elizabeth. And I’m running for president because that’s what girls do.” And we pinky swear.
Our criminal justice system has a problem with race right at the heart of it, and we need to call it out for what it is. No one is safer in a world where we have a broken criminal justice system.  
I took an oath to uphold our Constitution ; everyone else in Congress did too. If other members think we can ignore a president's repeated efforts to obstruct an investigation, then they should have to take that vote—and live with it for the rest of their lives. 
If any other human being in this country did what was described in the Mueller report, they’d be in jail. This isn’t about politics—this is about principle for me. We need to protect our democracy for generations to come. 
I stayed up late into the night reading the Mueller report. The facts are clear: A hostile foreign government attacked our 2016 election to help Donald Trump—and Donald Trump welcomed that help. Once elected, he obstructed the investigation into that attack. 
Right now in this country, Black Americans are far more likely to be arrested for marijuana use than white Americans. That’s not right. We need to legalize marijuana—and I have a bipartisan bill would end the federal ban on marijuana. 
Giant tech companies have too much power. My plan to  prevents corporations like Amazon from knocking out the rest of the competition. You can be an umpire, or you can be a player—but you can’t be both.  
You have to pay something back so that everyone gets a chance. If we put a 2% tax on the wealthiest families in the country, we can have universal Pre-K, universal free college, knock back student loan debt for 95% of Americans—and still have a trillion dollars left over.
When I first ran for Senate, people told me that Massachusetts wasn’t ready for a woman Senator. I proved them wrong. So now when I meet girls on the campaign trail, I say, “My name is Elizabeth. And I’m running for president because that’s what girls do.” And we pinky swear.
You have to pay something back so that everyone gets a chance. If we put a 2% tax on the wealthiest families in the country, we can have universal Pre-K, universal free college, knock back student loan debt for 95% of Americans—and still have a trillion dollars leftover.
Our criminal justice system has a problem with race right at the heart of it, and we need to call it out for what it is. We need to get rid of for-profit, private prisons—and when people leave prison, their right to vote needs to be reinstated. 
Student loan debt is crushing students. My new proposal is about opportunity for everyone. Let’s cancel student loan debt for about 95% of Americans, make college universally available, and invest more in Pell Grants and HBCUs. And we’ll pay for it with my 
Student loan debt is crushing families and holding back our economy. So today, I proposed something truly transformational: Universal free public college and the cancellation of debt for more than 95% of Americans with student loan debt.  
You have to pay something back so that everyone gets a chance. If we put a 2% tax on the wealthiest families in the country, we can have universal Pre-K, universal free college, knock back student loan debt for 95% of Americans—and still have a trillion dollars leftover.
Student loan debt is crushing students. My new proposal is about opportunity for everyone. Let’s cancel student loan debt for about 95% of Americans, make college universally available, and invest more in Pell Grants and HBCUs. And we’ll pay for it with my 
Woo-hoo! It was great seeing so many people fired up for our town hall tonight. Let’s do this. 
You bet it does. For years, garbage for-profit institutions have defrauded unsuspecting students, especially veterans, single moms, and students of color. Enough. Time to turn off the spigot of taxpayer money. 
We need to level the playing field and create opportunity for all of our students—not just a select few. 
Thanks, Jason! 
 "I’m calling for something truly transformational — the cancellation of up to $50,000 in student loan debt for 42 million Am…
Your support means so much. Thank you, Ady. 
Tonight, our grassroots movement will have a chance to talk more about our new plans for student debt and universal free public college. Grab a friend to watch and let’s do this together.  
This morning on CNN, I talked to about my new plan to level the playing field for families and students getting crushed by student loan debt. This will be transformational for our country. 
America’s public lands are some of our greatest treasures. On  and every day, I’m making a promise: On day one of a Warren admin, I'll sign a moratorium on new fossil fuel drilling leases offshore and on public lands. More about my plan here:  
LGBTQ+ Americans have a right to live free from fear and discrimination—and that includes in the workplace. 
Big, structural change never quits! 
Higher education opened a million doors for me—but today, it’s almost impossible for young people to find that kind of opportunity. My new idea for cancellation of student loan debt and universal free public college would change that. 
See you tonight, 
Exactly, Italo! I’m grateful for your support. 
The first step to addressing the student debt crisis is to deal with the outstanding debt that's weighing down millions of families. My plan for broad student debt cancellation would cancel debt for more than 95% of the 45 million Americans with student loan debt. Join our fight.
Graduating college debt-free shouldn’t be a privilege for the ultra-wealthy. That’s why I’m proposing a federal investment in public higher education that will eliminate the cost of tuition + fees at every public two-year and four-year college. Sign up to join the fight.
Thank you, Lorenza! Together, we’re fighting to level the playing field for students across the country. 
  is making public education and higher education a priority in her campaign. This proposal is as consequential as…
My new plan is a chance to talk about what’s broken and how we fix it. It’s how we can give our students a fighting chance at the American dream again. 
This law is wrong—plain and simple. We need a constitutional amendment that protects every American citizen's right to vote and get that vote counted. Thank you, for leading the fight. 
The first step to addressing the student debt crisis is to deal with the outstanding debt that's weighing down millions of families. My plan for broad student debt cancellation would cancel debt for more than 95% of the 45 million Americans with student loan debt. Join our fight.
The enormous student debt burden is the result of a government that has consistently put the interests of the wealthy and well-connected over the interests of working families. Sign up if you agree and are ready to fight for big, structural change.
For decades, Black Americans were kept out of higher education by virtue of overtly discriminatory policies. We must do more to correct these historical injustices. My plan will create a minimum $50 billion fund for HBCUs. Sign up to join our fight for big, structural change.
Graduating college debt-free shouldn’t be a privilege for the ultra-wealthy. That’s why I’m proposing a federal investment in public higher education that will eliminate the cost of tuition + fees at every public two-year and four-year college. Sign up to join the fight.
I’m calling for universal free college and the cancellation of student loan debt for more than 95% of Americans. This is the kind of big, structural change we need to make sure our kids have opportunity in this country. 
Finally, my plan will ban for-profit colleges from receiving any federal dollars. Time to cut off taxpayer money to schools that suck down billions while burying lower-income students, servicemembers, and students of color in mountains of debt.
We'll knock down artificial barriers to enrollment by prohibiting public colleges from considering citizenship status or criminal history in admissions decisions.
Next, my plan will dedicate $100 billion in new funding to help students cover non-tuition expenses at public colleges—a barrier that disproportionately affects lower-income students and students of color—to make zero debt at graduation a reality for everyone.
First, my plan will provide at least $50B—and potentially far more—to HBCUs and Minority-Serving Institutions. It’ll also make additional funding available to states that demonstrate serious improvement in enrollment/graduation rates for lower-income students ; students of color.
Free tuition at public institutions isn’t enough. We must also make our higher education system better serve lower-income families and communities of color, and ensure everyone can graduate with zero debt. 
That’s why I’m proposing a historic new federal investment in public higher education that will eliminate the cost of tuition and fees at every public two-year and four-year college in America, plus an additional $100 billion investment in Pell Grants. 
I was able to get a quality, public education for just $50 a semester. That kind of opportunity is virtually impossible to find today. As states have invested less in community colleges and public four-year colleges, schools have raised tuition and fees to make up the gap.
Student loan debt is crushing millions of families. That’s why I’m calling for something truly transformational: Universal free college and the cancellation of debt for more than 95% of Americans with student loan debt. Read all about it here: 
When workers fight, workers win. I’m glad to see that workers are returning to work with an agreement for higher wages and continued health and pension benefits. 
Why do I love  It’s the women (duh!). Looking forward to tonight’s episode. In the meantime, you can read my review of the season premiere here. 
These hate crimes were meant to strike fear in the hearts of African Americans. I'm glad our country is coming together to rebuild the churches that were hatefully burned down. Every house of worship should be a haven for people to worship without fear. 
I grew up in the McFarlin Methodist church in Oklahoma. Today, I’m remembering some of the lessons I learned in Sunday School: By doing good, we can live a righteous life. Happy Easter Sunday! 
I'm heartsick for the victims of today’s terrorist attacks in Sri Lanka. Hundreds have been killed and wounded. To slaughter worshippers at church during Easter service is an act of great evil. My thoughts and my prayers are with the victims and their loved ones.
Last night on I made it clear: We can’t ignore a president’s repeated efforts to obstruct an investigation into his own disloyal behavior. The House should initiate impeachment proceedings against the President of the United States. 
What a guy. 
Thank you for having me, Weare. 
 “DERAIL OR OBSTRUCT”: Democratic presidential candidate Senator Elizabeth Warren urged lawmakers to open impeachment proc…
Today, I got asked a really important question in New Hampshire. This is a matter of principle, and here is why I’m in this fight all the way. 
I was out in Utah talking about environmental issues ; on the plane back, the Mueller report came out—so I started reading, ; read late into the night. The report hands this now to Congress ; the fundamental question for us is: "Is there going to be some accountability here?" 
LIVE: Yesterday I called on the House to begin impeachment proceedings. This is a matter of principle for me. 
I read the Mueller report.  When I got to the end, I realized this is a point of principle. Because it matters not just for this president, but for all future presidents. No one is above the law. 
The severity of this misconduct demands that elected officials in both parties set aside political considerations and do their constitutional duty. That means the House should initiate impeachment proceedings against the President of the United States.
To ignore a President’s repeated efforts to obstruct an investigation into his own disloyal behavior would inflict great and lasting damage on this country, and it would suggest that both the current and future Presidents would be free to abuse their power in similar ways.
Mueller put the next step in the hands of Congress: “Congress has authority to prohibit a President’s corrupt use of his authority in order to protect the integrity of the administration of justice.” The correct process for exercising that authority is impeachment.
The Mueller report lays out facts showing that a hostile foreign government attacked our 2016 election to help Donald Trump and Donald Trump welcomed that help. Once elected, Donald Trump obstructed the investigation into that attack.
I’m grateful to everyone who packed into the Depot on Wednesday. Person by person, city by city, we’re building a grassroots movement to win in 2020—and I’m glad that Salt Lake City is in this fight all the way! 
With a stroke of his pen, the man in the White House rolled back protections for more than two million acres of our national lands. It doesn’t have to be this way. On my first day as president, I will commit to no new fossil fuel drilling on our public lands. Period. 
Surprise, surprise. Former secretary Ryan Zinke resigned because of too many ethics investigations. Now he’s taking a plum job at a company he used to regulate. It's corruption, plain and simple. 
 Testifying before Congress today, explains how the voter suppression that targets African-Americans ends…
Yesterday, gave a powerful speech on the crisis in the teaching profession. I stand with and America’s public school teachers. It’s time to  and give teachers the  
I loved the energy at our organizing event in Denver earlier this week. I’m grateful for our movement—and I’m grateful that the people of Colorado are in this fight for big, structural change. 
I’m making a promise. On the first day of a Warren administration, I will sign a moratorium on new fossil fuel drilling leases on public lands. Climate change is here, it is real, and we need to do something about it. 
Congress needs to see the full, unredacted report. Special Counsel Robert Mueller should testify before Congress and the American people as soon as possible. Add your name if you agree, and together, we’ll fight to get to the bottom of this. 
Congress needs to see the full, unredacted  and Special Counsel Robert Mueller must testify publicly before Congress and the American people. If you agree, sign our petition now.
This is a disgrace. The American people deserve answers—and Special Counsel Robert Mueller should testify publicly before Congress.  
It's a disgrace to see an Attorney General acting as if he's the personal attorney and publicist for the President of the United States.
Salt Lake City is ready to dream big, and fight hard! 
I had a great time hiking through Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest. This gorgeous place is one of our national treasures—and we have a moral obligation to protect it for our kids and our grandkids. 
I’m here in the Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest with Carl Fisher, executive director of a nonprofit dedicated to protecting our public lands. My new plan would ensure that places like this stay beautiful for generations to come. 
I’m grateful to everyone who chipped in before our last FEC deadline. This grassroots movement is by the people, for the people—and that’s how we’ll keep fighting for big, structural change. Will you chip in $3, or whatever you can, to help us win in 2020? 
It was an honor to meet you, Dr. Apryl. 
It really was a terrific shirt. Thank you for fighting the good fight, Hollis! 
Bradley, the honor was mine. Thank you for being in this fight! 
Glad I got a chance to meet them! 
Glad we got to meet, Charli! 
Thank you, Denver! 
 reminds us that, in our democracy—even while greed and corruption slow our progress—true power still rests with the people. Here’s my piece on her. 
Early morning walk in Denver before we head to Utah. See you soon, Salt Lake City! 
Our pop-up event yesterday at Lady Justice Brewery—a great small business in Denver, Colorado—was a lot of fun. We had an important conversation about how we can protect our environment for generations to come. We're going to do this together! 
 “Even while greed and corruption slow our progress ... true power still rests with the people.“ - be more honor…
We need big, structural change—like my new public lands idea—to tackle climate change and protect our planet before it’s too late. You can read more about our new idea here:  
Woo-hoo! The crowd in Denver is fired up. I’m grateful to have all of you in this grassroots movement. See you soon. 
 By popular demand... 
I believe we have a moral obligation to protect our public lands. We owe it to our children, our grandchildren, and generations to come. 
Unions built the middle class, and unions will rebuild the middle class. I stand with the 31K workers who are making their voices heard, and fighting for better wages and working conditions. 
I will always stand with our trans service members. If someone can handle the job, they should be allowed to serve—no exceptions. We’ll fight this tooth and nail. 
Still smiling over the warm welcome I received in Beaufort yesterday. I agree—it’s about time we have a woman president. (That kettle corn was amazing, by the way!) 
Climate change is an existential threat. There is no Planet B for us. At our house party in Lebanon, NH this weekend, I talked about how we need to protect our environment—and my new ideas to protect public lands is a step in that direction. 
My big new idea bans new fossil fuel drilling offshore and on public lands, generates more renewable energy, establishes free entry to all national parks, and more. Sign our petition if you support more protection for public lands.  
I stand with as they make their voices heard this week. 
This list shouldn’t be this long—heck, there shouldn't be a list in the first place. Under my Real Corporate Profits Tax, giant corporations like these wouldn’t be able to get away with paying $0 in income taxes. 
I’m grateful to the people of Charleston, South Carolina for welcoming me into their community yesterday. We had important conversations at our Coastal Community Forum about climate change and more. 
Presidential candidates don’t always go to Utah because it isn't a battleground state. But I’ll be there this week because I’m running to be president of the entire United States. Join us and let’s do this together. 
Thank you for honoring the fight for fair wages and better benefits, 
America’s public lands belong to everyone—so we should start acting like it. Read my full plan here:  
 Aaaand here comes with another proposal!! She’s coming in strong with the goods. I hope y’all are reading up in…
I agree, and I’m grateful for the leadership in the fight for our environment. My new plan for public lands is an essential part of any  We're in this fight together. 
  promises to ban new fossil fuel leasing on federal lands if elected President. Sen. Warren just set a new bar…
Thank you, Charleston! Had a great time talking about the big, structural change our movement is fighting for. 
  proposal is the strongest public lands plan yet. I look forward to debates on how best we can expand access to, inv…
I called for an investigation into Bernhardt’s conflicts of interests as a lobbyist-turned Acting Interior Secretary. The American people shouldn’t have to wonder if their government is working to protect them from climate change—or working for big corporations. Time for answers. 
It’s time to make America’s public lands part of our climate change solution. That means we need to stop corporations from pillaging our public lands and leaving taxpayers to clean up the mess. My new idea puts our environment and our communities first. 
America’s public lands belong to all of us. We should start acting like it. That means expanding access, ending fossil fuel extraction, more renewables, and maintaining and improving public lands. Together, we can protect our public lands for generations to come.
Trump is selling off public lands to oil, gas, and coal companies. It's wrong. Let's end it and make our public lands part of the climate solution—with a total moratorium on new fossil fuel drilling and a plan to get 10% of America's energy from renewables on these lands instead.
America’s public lands provide us with clean air and water, sustain fish and wildlife, and offer a place for millions to experience the beauty of nature. Right now, they're under attack. Read my new plan to protect them while fighting climate change: 
No matter what you end up paying on  it’s more than what Amazon—which makes billions in profits—paid last year. Learn more about how my Real Corporate Profits tax would require billion-dollar corporations to pay their fair share. 
Sara Mae was one of the first women to ever run in the  (and fight for women to be allowed to compete in the first place). When I first ran for Senate, she was also one of my first grassroots supporters. Here’s why she’s in this fight all the way. 
Happy  Bruce, Bailey, and I are wishing good luck to everyone running in the  today. 
Today marks six years since the Boston Marathon bombings. On  we remember the victims, survivors, and brave first responders—and honor the resilience of the city of Boston. 
Terrific—thank you, Al! 
Just showed this tweet to Bails (he was impressed)! 
Too late to audition to be a direwolf? 
We had powerful conversations in Hanover and Concord yesterday about the future of our country. The environment,  education—we’re fighting our hearts out for it. 
I want this movement to know that I’m grateful for their support—so yesterday, I FaceTimed into some  parties like this one in Grand Rapids, Michigan to say thanks. (Don’t worry, Bruce was keeping his eyes on the road the whole time.) 
I ended my day in a perfect way: At a  organizing house party in Londonderry. It was packed with grassroots supporters who are ready to roll up their sleeves and start fighting for big, structural change in our country. That’s what this campaign is all about. 
Thank you, Wade! I’m so glad to have you in this fight.  
Thank you, Karl! 
   
Sounds like a great get-together! (P.S. text FIGHT to 24477 and you might just get a Bailey photo too).  
 So much good discussion at this house party. I ❤️ NV Dems!!!  
That looks DELICIOUS. 
Thank you for hosting a  party, Francesco! We’re just getting started. 
 We’re having an amazing time—building community, sharing what issues matter to us, learning about volunteer opportunities…
Wow—hello right back to you! Texas has a special place in my heart, and I’m glad to see you growing our grassroots movement there, Katherine.  
 Folks came from all over Des Moines to share why they’re in this fight at our  House Party! They want massiv…
Today we launched hundreds of  house parties across the country—from New Hampshire to Oklahoma to Nevada. These parties are all about getting organized and keeping up the momentum so we can create big, structural change. Find one near you:  
Looking great!  
Good luck, Mara! Thank you so much for hosting.  
Thank you for hosting a  party, Andrea! Love those flowers. 
 Sen. Elizabeth Warren speaks in Durham, NH: "We know what's broken. We know how to fix it. We just need to develop the kind of…
 Dartmouth is fired up to hang out with this afternoon!   
Chips, dip, carrots—wow, that looks really great, Matt! 
I love hearing about what gets people in this fight. Whether it’s the student loan debt crisis, the environment, fair housing—we’re fighting for our futures and our kids' futures. 
I’m so glad to have your support, Maysoon. 
Just wrapped up our house party in Lebanon, New Hampshire! This weekend, people all around the country are participating in  organizing house parties to talk about how we can build a real grassroots movement together. 
The environment. LGBTQ+ rights. Health care. Education. We’re going to tackle these issues head on—and it all starts at  organizing house parties like this one. RSVP to participate in a party near you:  
Thank you for hosting, Pastor Kathy!  
When girls fight, girls win! It was great meeting you and your family last night, Evan. 
Yay! Thank you, Angela.  
Thanks so much for stepping up and hosting a  organizing house party, Barbara. Let me know how it goes! 
Maddie is at our  house party in Lebanon, New Hampshire this afternoon—one of the hundreds of parties we’re launching today to grow this grassroots movement. Thank you, Maddie! 
Nora’s  party is one of hundreds that we’re launching this weekend. Thank you so much for hosting, Nora! And you’re right: We need everybody in this fight. 
Think of all the people out there today who are paying their taxes: Families, small businesses, students. They can't take advantage of the loopholes in our tax code the way that giant corporations like Amazon can. That’s where my Real Corporate Profits Tax comes in. 
Woo-hoo! We’re launching hundreds of  organizing house parties this weekend. These are great opportunities to come together in your community, get organized, and keep building our network. RSVP to a party in your community:  
The President is inciting violence against a sitting Congresswoman—and an entire group of Americans based on their religion. It's disgusting. It's shameful. And any elected leader who refuses to condemn it shares responsibility for it.
So happy to have you on our team, Lorenza! 
I’m with all the way in their fight for living wages and better class sizes for our kids.  
 Standing room only crowd for at UNH   
No huge corporation in this country should get away with paying $0 in federal income tax, while small companies and families pick up the tab for running the country. 
Thank you for the inspiring meet and greet this afternoon, Had a great time talking with students and others about how we’re going to level the playing field for families in Durham, New Hampshire and across the country. 
The Trump administration’s treatment of Americans with disabilities is shameful and wrong. Social Security is a lifeline for millions of people with disabilities. We need to expand it, not make cuts. 
We need to rein in the political and economic power of the giant tech companies. That’s why we’re fighting to  
The only thing that matters when it comes to allowing military personnel to serve is whether or not they can handle the job. Donald Trump’s  is unconstitutional, and I’m in this fight to protect trans rights all the way. If you’re with me, sign up now.
Let’s be clear: anyone who wants to serve in the military and is qualified to do so, we should treat with honor, not with disrespect. We should say thank you to transgender servicemembers, not insult and throw them out. Sign up now and join the fight against the 
This is just plain wrong. It’s unconstitutional. We’ll fight it. And we’ll win. 
Giant companies have hired hordes of lobbyists to get the tax code written to create a special exception over here or a special loophole over there. They wouldn’t be able to get away with that under my Real Corporate Profits Tax. 
LGBTQ+ rights are human rights. I’m glad to see Arizona make this their law. 
 UFCW International President joins in supporting UFCW Stop ; Shop workers in  who are standin…
While parent company made $2 billion in profits and got a tax cut from the  workers were getting squeezed by low wages and lousy benefits. We’re not gonna put up with it.  
I will always stand side by side with our workers and our unions. 
 Stand with the working men ; women of at  and  Proud to work for  
I stand with the and workers on the picket line. This strike is about 31K workers across New England making their voices heard and fighting for living wages and better benefits. When workers fight, workers win. 
You can raise the corporate tax rate, but with loopholes companies could still pay $0. That’s where my Real Corporate Profits Tax comes in. Thanks for having me yesterday, 
Let me be very clear: If someone can handle the job, they should be allowed to serve—regardless of how they identify or who they love. We’ll stand with service members and fight this cruelty with everything we’ve got. 
Donald Trump has rolled back collective bargaining rights, protections to keep workers safe, and rules to give workers fair pay. I’ve got news for politicians who think they’ve got unions on the run: Unions aren’t going away. Not now. Not ever.It's time to fight back. Join us.
Labor unions have fought for laws not just because they were good for labor – but because they were good for all of America. If you’re ready to pick a fight on behalf of your children’s future and your grandchildren’s future, sign up now.
Thank you, Lisa, for hosting a  organizing house party this weekend! These house parties are how we’ll continue building a national network of grassroots supporters. So gather your friends and neighbors, and sign up to participate:  
 workers deserve fair wages and good benefits—and I’m behind them 100% of the way. I stand in solidarity with and the 31K workers who are making their voices heard. 
Happy  Missed my guy while I was in Washington. 
Under my plan to  it would be illegal for David Bernhardt to serve as Secretary of the Interior. A former oil lobbyist has no business leading a department charged with protecting our environment. 
National Weekend of Action is right around the corner—and we’re launching hundreds of  organizing house parties across the country. Ashley stepped up to be a host, so I called her to say thanks. Find a party to attend this weekend:  
This campaign isn’t like the others. I don’t get my money from PACs, corporate lobbyists, or fancy fundraisers. This movement is 100% powered by the people: Small-dollar donors who chip in $10 here, $5 there. Will you join our fight? 
Tune in to at 8 PM tonight as I talk about my new idea to make sure no company with billions in profits pays $0 in federal taxes. See you soon,
Last year, Amazon made more than $10 billion in profits and paid $0 in federal corporate income taxes. Yup—it’s outrageous. Here’s how my new Real Corporate Profits Tax idea works. 
 Some straight talk from Please read 👇 
 Warren is so far ahead of everyone re: policy. 
What are  house parties? These are get-togethers hosted by grassroots supporters in your community, where you can learn how to get more involved in our movement. Troy is hosting one this Saturday—so I called him to say thank you! RSVP:  
In response to my plan, Amazon says it "pays all the taxes we are required to pay in the US." Yeah, I know. You made more than $10 billion in profits last year and you were required to pay $0 in federal corporate taxes. That's the problem. 
For decades, our government’s racist redlining laws blocked Black families from home ownership and building wealth. My new housing idea would level the playing field so everyone can have access to safe and affordable housing. 
This is a campaign about ideas and big, structural change. This is what we’re fighting for—and we’re just getting started. 
Our corporate income tax rules are riddled with loopholes, exemptions, and deductions. Even companies that tell shareholders they have made more than a billion dollars in profits can end up paying no corporate income taxes. I want to tackle that problem head on. 
To ensure every corporation pays their fair share,  we need a new kind of tax that big companies can’t get around. That’s what my new tax idea would accomplish. 
Thanks, Chandler. My new idea will fix a lot of loopholes in our corporate tax code. I’m glad to have support from a fellow Okie. 
You bet I do. 
I guess Rep. Brady is fine with 60 of the biggest corporations in the US paying $0 in taxes on a combined $79 billion in profits—while the rest of us pay federal taxes to fund our military, our roads, and our bridges.I'm not, and my Real Corporate Profits Tax would fix that.
My new idea, the Real Corporate Profits Tax, would fix some huge holes in our corporate tax code. Giant companies like Amazon shouldn’t be able to get away with paying $0 in federal corporate income taxes. Add your name if you agree.  
So today I’m proposing a new idea: Tax the *real profits* very large American companies report to their investors—no loopholes or exemptions—and let’s make this year the last year any company with massive profits pays zero federal taxes. 
Big corporations have lobbied relentlessly to fill our corporate tax rules with so many loopholes and exemptions that even when they report a billion dollars in profits to their investors and the public, they can report much lower “profits” to the IRS—and pay no taxes on them.
If you've already filed your taxes this year, chances are you paid more than a lot of the big corporations. They made hundreds of millions of dollars in profits this year—but many of them won’t pay a dime towards keeping our country safe and our economy strong.
Wishing a happy  to my three big brothers: Don Reed, David, and John. All three of them answered our country’s call to serve. I’m eternally grateful for their service and the service of all our men and women in uniform. 
On Saturday April 13th during National Weekend of Action, hundreds of grassroots supporters are stepping up to host  house parties in their homes—and we need you to participate! Find a party near you to attend or sign up to be a host:  
On National Youth  and  Awareness Day, I’m thinking about the over 60K youth living with HIV in the US, majorities of whom are LGBTQ+ Americans and people of color. We need to keep investing in research and treatment to end the AIDS epidemic.
 Overall, the Warren operation has a six-figure number of people who own a piece of the campaign and an eight-figure amount of…
The Trump administration is pushing the construction of the Keystone XL route over public opposition—putting our communities, our environment, and tribal lands at risk. Let me be clear: We need clean energy and protection for tribes, not another dirty investment in fuel.
We need to rebuild unions in this country. That's why I’ve proposed a new law banning states from passing so-called right to work laws that destroy labor unions. It will make sure that unions have a front-and-center seat at the table in any trade negotiation. 
 I’ve got news for corporate executives and politicians who think they’ve got unions on the run, Elizabeth Warren tells…
Unions have always been the backbone of our country—and I’ll always fight for them. 
In life, there are some people who have more money. There are some people who have less money. But everybody should have an equal share of our democracy—no matter how much you donate. Let’s keep fighting hard, and if you’re able, make a donation today: 
I’m really grateful for everyone who stepped up and chipped in before our first FEC deadline. Grassroots donations are the reason we can keep setting the tone for this race and fighting for big, structural change. 
Make a donation of any amount to power this grassroots movement today — and know that no matter what you’re able to contribute, you’ll be on equal footing with every other donor to this campaign. And if you get a call from an unlisted number, pick up, because it just might be me.
We’re going to take the time presidential candidates typically reserve for courting wealthy donors and, instead, use it to build our grassroots movement. I hope you’ll pitch in — and if you get a call from an unlisted number, pick up, because it just might be a call from me.
Instead of going to closed-door fundraisers, I spend my time on the phone and at organizing events with grassroots donors. Make a donation of any amount today — and know that no matter what you’re able to contribute, you’ll be on equal footing with every other donor.
Make a donation of any amount to power this grassroots movement today — and know that no matter what you’re able to contribute, you’ll be on equal footing with every other donor to this campaign. And if you get a call from an unlisted number, pick up, because it just might be me.
We’re going to take the time presidential candidates typically reserve for courting wealthy donors and, instead, use it to build our grassroots movement. I hope you’ll pitch in — and if you get a call from an unlisted number, pick up, because it just might be a call from me.
Instead of going to closed-door fundraisers, I spend my time on the phone and at organizing events with grassroots donors. Make a donation of any amount today — and know that no matter what you’re able to contribute, you’ll be on equal footing with every donor to this campaign.
I told Unions built the middle class and unions will rebuild the middle class. 
We need to do everything we can to make sure Black mothers and babies are safe and sound. I’m glad to see Rep. and Rep. Alma Adams form this caucus in the House. 
I’m glad my housing idea has support from Boston Mayor and of Framingham. We’re dreaming big and fighting hard for 3.2 million new homes and more than a million new jobs in MA and across the country. 
Government should work for the people. That's why I've introduced a sweeping anti-corruption bill—requiring the IRS to release tax returns for presidential, vice-presidential, and congressional candidates. 
Today, I'm releasing my 2018 tax returns, and last August I released ten years worth of tax returns—because no one should ever have to guess who their elected officials are working for. Doing this should be law. 
There’s a crisis of faith in government—and that’s because the American people think the government works for the wealthy and well-connected, not for them. And they’re right.
We need to lower drug costs and protect the Affordable Care Act. Everyone in this country deserves health care at the lowest possible cost, with the highest possible outcomes. That’s why I’m fighting for 
For most presidential candidates, “call time” means getting on the phone with ultra-wealthy donors who write out fat checks. Not me. This campaign is about the people. That’s why I’m spending “call time” thanking small-dollar donors. Maybe you’ll be next. 
Two months ago today, we kicked off this campaign, and I'm fired up by the movement that we've built together. Change like this is gonna be hard. But when we work together, organize together, and persist together, we'll make big structural change. We’re gonna do this! 
Conversion therapy is dangerous and cruel, and I'm proud to see that Massachusetts has banned it for children. I will keep fighting to ban it at the federal level. 
I’ve been following the students’ fight to unionize. Your voices are important and I want to see you win this one. 
 ‘When Democrats next have power we should be bold. We are done with two sets of rules: One for the Republicans and one for…
We need a constitutional amendment that protects the right to vote for every American citizen—no exceptions. 
See you soon, South Carolina! 
Attorney General Barr: The American people still need to see the full report. 
Wow, what a surprise. Two corrupt millionaires hanging out together. 
In Reno and across the country, people are fired up about issues like health care, the environment, and affordable housing—and I have some ideas about how we can address these problems head on. 
Our criminal justice system is broken—and the violence in Alabama prisons is just the latest example of why we need to change it. 
This makes me smile. Our movement will always stand in solidarity with the LGBTQ community. 
David Bernhardt continued lobbying after formally declaring he was no longer a lobbyist. It’s outrageous. The Trump admin is a cesspool of corruption—and under my  bill, it would be illegal for this guy to run the Department of 
I talked to families who had been separated at the border—mamas, babies, little boys and girls traumatized by the Trump administration’s inhumane policy. Make no mistake: If they try to reinstate his cruelty, we’ll fight this with everything we’ve got. 
Our veterans deserve better than a that’s riddled with corruption. My bill to  would close the revolving door between the VA and special interests—and ban people like Jeff Miller from lobbying our government. 
Let me be as clear as I can: When Democrats next have power, we should be bold. It’s time to get rid of the filibuster if Senate Republicans abuse it to block the progress and change we need. 
I’ve watched Republicans abuse the filibuster rules when they’re out of power, then turn around and blow off the rules when they’re in power. We all saw what they did to President Obama.
My team put together this great update from the road. And let me tell you: It was an action-packed weekend in Nevada and New York. 
It was great meeting your daughter, She also promised to remember that running for president is what girls do. 
I’m glad it arrived, I’m in the fight with you every day to stop gun violence and protect our kids. 
Thank you for having me, 
So happy to read this letter from Camille, who asked me a question at our organizing event in Glendale in February! Camille, I’m honored to hear that you think I’m someone to look up to. Just remember: When women fight, women win. 
 Gotta tell you. is one of the ONLY candidates right now talking about REAL issues. The economy, the criminal just…
I love it! And what does he think about my idea for  
Workers have a right to fight for higher wages, health care, and pensions, and I’m with and all the way. 
About time. legacy of tearing innocent families apart will follow her for the rest of her life—and she should be ashamed of the role she played. She was completely unqualified to lead that's why I voted against confirming her. 
Captain Marvel with the grandkids! 
 What a day! In Ames, Lorenza ; her team ran a 5k for DACA hosted by the Latinx Student Leader Council at In C…
Thank you for sharing your story,  would have helped families like yours and mine. 
I’m glad we got to meet, Our kids deserve better, and I’ll never stop standing up to the NRA or fighting for  
I spent the day in Reno talking with Nevadans who want to see big, structural change in our country—like  3.2 million new housing units, and a  
 I used to watch every day with my Abuelita when I was growing up. Having them at our event today and watch…
Black and brown women work more, get paid less, face decades of systemic discrimination, and are the least likely to be able to afford decent child care. That’s why I’m proposing a big, structural change:  and early education for all our kids. 
I have a new idea to tackle our housing crisis and provide relief to families in Nevada and across the country. We need big, structural changes in our country—like building 3.2 million new housing units—and I’m fighting for them. 
 W A T C H 📺 on a woman running mate,  ; ending the filibuster if elected POTUS: “If the Republicans start th…
Early morning walk before our organizing event in Reno, Nevada. 
Ended an action-packed day with a pop-up event at Sweet Science in Brooklyn to thank grassroots donors for chipping in whatever they could to this fight. We’re building something big—one person at a time. 
Everyone deserves access to affordable, quality child care. No exceptions. 
We don’t get what we don’t fight for. We’re done with two sets of rules—one for the Republicans and one for the Democrats. 
In 2021, we WILL make the change that our country needs.(P.S. Welcome to Twitter, 
Congress voted to end US support of the war in Yemen. Now Donald Trump should sign this bill into law. Civilians are suffering, and  
In 2018, the Senate passed a bill to make lynching a federal crime. A similar bill was first introduced in 1918. It was killed repeatedly—by Senate filibusters. An entire century of obstruction because a small group of racists stopped the entire nation from doing what was right. 
The Senate created the filibuster, and if necessary, the Senate can get rid of the filibuster. We don’t have to let Mitch McConnell’s cynical hypocrisy win. Add your name if you agree we can’t let Republican abuse of the filibuster stop the big, structural change we need.
When Democrats have the White House again, if Mitch McConnell tries to do what he did to President Obama, and puts small-minded partisanship ahead of solving the massive problems facing this country, then we should get rid of the filibuster. Sign my petition now if you agree.
I’m not running for president just to talk about making real, structural change. I’m serious about getting it done, and I won’t let Republicans exploit the rules to get in the way. Sign my petition now if you’re with me.
We don’t get what we don’t fight for. It was an honor to be at the  with to talk about my new idea: In 2021, if Mitch McConnell puts petty partisanship ahead of our country, then we should get rid of the filibuster. 
Every family in this country should have access to  
Voter suppression is real. We have to call it out and fight back—starting with a constitutional amendment that establishes a nationally-recognized right to vote and a right to get that vote counted.  
 Glad to see not only calling for filibuster reform, but narrating the history on how racial and economic progre…
 This speech at will someday be seen as historic. She is connecting big time with her personal story…
For generations, the filibuster was used as a tool to block progress on racial justice. If the Republicans put small-minded partisanship ahead of solving the massive problems facing this country, then we should get rid of the filibuster. 
The Senate created the filibuster, and if necessary, the Senate can get rid of the filibuster. We don’t have to let Mitch McConnell’s cynical hypocrisy win. Add your name if you agree we can’t let Republican abuse of the filibuster stop the big, structural change we need.
When Democrats have the White House again, if Mitch McConnell tries to do what he did to President Obama, and puts small-minded partisanship ahead of solving the massive problems facing this country, then we should get rid of the filibuster. Sign my petition now if you agree.
I’m not running for president just to talk about making real, structural change. I’m serious about getting it done, and I won’t let Republicans exploit the rules to get in the way. Sign my petition now if you’re with me.
With so much on the line for our country, there’s no place I’d rather be than standing shoulder to shoulder with grassroots fighters and the Network. Read my remarks from the  here. 
It was an honor to be at  today. For decades under the leadership of my friend the Network and the people in this room have been on the front lines of the fight for social, racial, and economic justice. 
On a typical presidential campaign, the candidate spends a lot of time listening to wealthy donors and hearing what issues they care about. Not on this campaign. Click here to take the two-minute Warren for President survey and share what matters to you.
Do you have two minutes? Elizabeth wants to hear from you about your priorities for the next president. Fill out this two-minute survey to share what issues are most important to you.
In just a few minutes, I’ll be speaking at the Network Convention about the big, structural change we’re fighting for, and the powerful forces—including the Senate filibuster—that will try to hold progress back. Tune in here. 
We’re done with having two sets of rules. When Democrats have the White House again, if Mitch McConnell continues to put small-minded partisanship ahead of solving the massive problems facing our country, then we should get rid of the filibuster.
I’ve watched Republicans abuse the rules when they’re out of power, then turn around and blow off the rules when they’re in power. We just saw it happen again this week when they unilaterally changed the same rules they abused to ram through President Trump's extreme nominees.
For generations the filibuster has been used to block progress, and in recent years, obstruction in the Senate has only gotten worse. We’re fighting for big, structural change—but we won't get anything done unless we face this head on.
Jail time. That’s what you should get if you negligently oversee a big corporation that defrauds hard working Americans. My ideas tackle corporate fraud head on. 
Amazon used to promote its products above other vendors. Not anymore—they’re scared by my plan to  Now we need to make sure there are rules in place so it doesn’t happen again. You can be the umpire or you can own a team, but you can’t do both at the same time. 
Happy birthday, NATO! America is strongest when we work together with our allies.  
51 years ago the life of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was tragically taken away. They may kill the dreamer, but they can never kill the dream. Today and every day, we are the heirs of Dr. King’s dream ; we are called to continue fighting for social, racial, ; economic justice. 
Under my new proposal, corporate executives who negligently oversee a giant company causing severe harm to American families would face jail time. Sign our petition to become an official citizen co-sponsor. 
Great point, Jamie! How about we start with you giving back the $3.7 billion J.P. Morgan made this year off the  that you lobbied for? 
 Senator couldn’t be more right. It’s time we end the corruption in DC and ensure our government works everyone—n…
At least 25 people in the Trump administration were denied security clearances, yet they insisted on ramming them through approval anyway. The man in the White House is putting our national security at risk. 
If a giant corporation cheats, defrauds, or hurts Americans, the executives in charge should be held responsible — including facing jail time. The new law I’m proposing would do just that. Sign on as a citizen co-sponsor if you’re with me.
We need a justice system that ensures that if you cheat and steal and defraud and hurt Americans, you could go to jail. Sign on to support my new plan to hold Corporate America accountable and ensure CEOs of big companies that hurt Americans are criminally liable under the law.
Elizabeth’s new bill imposes criminal liability and jail time for negligent executives of giant companies that cheat, defraud, or steal from Americans. Sign up now as a citizen co-sponsor.
I’m glad to hear that is running for re-election as mayor of Manchester. I know she’ll continue to fight for New Hampshire families. Go Joyce!
I left a voicemail for Dan, a small-dollar donor from New York who just chipped into our campaign. It really matters and I’m grateful for people like him. 
Great seeing you, 
This grassroots movement starts with the people. I hope you’ll attend or host a  house party in your community on April 13th. Are you in?  
What a historic night for Chicago! Congratulations, Lori Lightfoot. 
After the big banks crashed our economy 10 years ago, guess how many CEOs went to prison for their frauds? Zero. My new idea would hold executives at big companies criminally accountable—if you negligently oversee scams on the American people, you should go to jail. 
 We had an excellent conversation with this week on her plan to level the playing field for America's farmers — a…
People should be able to live without fear or discrimination—regardless of who they love. 
I’m proud down to my toes that our team is growing across the country—and we’re not even done yet! You can check out our open positions here: 
You know the system is rigged when the IRS targets working Americans while dedicating fewer and fewer resources to holding the ultra-wealthy taxpayers accountable. 
No wealthy donors. No fancy closed door fundraisers. Just people who pitch in what they can to keep growing this grassroots movement. 
Today, I’m proposing a new law that expands criminal liability to any corporate executive who negligently oversees a company that causes severe and widespread harm to families. Our justice system should ensure that if you cheat working Americans, you’ll go to jail.
But we need to go further. From Equifax to BP, top executives across the country have overseen corporate conduct that has done real harm to American families—and walked away without any jail time.
Congress should start by enacting the Ending Too Big To Jail Act I introduced last year. This bill would make it easier to hold executives at big banks criminally liable for scams.
It’s been 10 years since the financial crash cost millions of people their homes, jobs, and savings. But not one big bank CEO has gone to jail. It’s time to reform our laws to make sure that corporate executives face jail time for overseeing massive scams. 
I’m grateful that people around the country have joined forces to host  parties on April 13th and beyond. We’re going to do this together! Are you signed up to attend or host in your community?  
Organizers are an essential part of this campaign. I’m glad that Juliana is leading our movement in Iowa. 
 I want to be a student in classroom. No one is better at explaining policy in ways that connect with everyda…
If we want to tackle the opioid epidemic head on, then we have to hold Big Pharma executives accountable. Rep. Elijah Cummings and I have a plan that demands accountability and provides communities with the resources they need to beat this. 
This is a disgrace. Our service-members deserve to be treated with respect. 
The man in the White House is obsessed with holding up the funds to help Puerto Rico recover more than a year after Hurricane Maria. Three million US citizens live on the island and we need to show them some respect. 
For decades, government policy has worked to keep us separate from each other while neglecting nearly every kind of housing—suburban, rural, and urban. My housing policy rejects this legacy of segregation and disdain to build better communities for everyone. 
I’m keeping Ashanti and her loved ones in my prayers. At least 26 trans people were killed in 2018, and most of them were women of color. We need to call that out—and fight back. 
One way we can fight for  is to guarantee affordable child care and early education for every kid in America. And I've got a plan to do just that.  
Too many families don't have an Aunt Bee, or access to quality child care. And too often, it's women whose careers and paychecks take the hit when they don't have child care.
I was teaching at a law school in Houston when the kids were little and, suddenly, the babysitter quit. I tried all sorts of child care options, but none of them worked out. I thought I'd have to quit my job. But my Aunt Bee flew down to help out, and I kept my job.
The Trump administration rammed through security clearances that had been turned down. The administration is a walking, talking, living, breathing threat to national security, and we just have to call it out. 
We don’t win if we don’t fight. I’m in this fight all the way for big ideas like  and the  that will move our country forward. 
Giant corporations have figured out a way to cut out the competition and take more profits for themselves—squeezing the life out of family farms. My new idea would tackle this head on. 
Voter suppression is real—and we need to put more federal muscle in the fight to end it. That's why we need a constitutional amendment that protects every American citizen's right to vote and to have that vote counted. 
Looking forward to speaking at the  Summit this afternoon. Tune in at 3:30 PM ET!  
No tricks, only treats.  
Housing is already the biggest expense for most families—and it's just getting worse. Every American deserves a safe, decent, and affordable place to live, and my housing plan will reduce rents by 10%.  
We've got to fight back against consolidation. It's time to reverse the Bayer-Monsanto merger. 
I love getting pictures with everyone who comes out to our organizing events. No matter how long it takes, I’ll be there taking selfies till the end 
Chicago: I hope you’ll cast your vote for my friend, Michael tomorrow! He's a real fighter who works every day to level the playing field for America’s working families. He’ll be a terrific Alderman for the 47th ward. Polls are open from 6 AM to 7 PM.
In just a few hours, we’ll close the books on our first big FEC fundraising deadline. This is a chance to show the strength of our grassroots movement. 
 Every time I get mad about some vaguely sexist double standard applied to the 2020 race, I’m donating. Feel free to join me.…
Proud to have you on our team, Chris. 
I think that’s spot-on, Thank you for your support. 
Thank you, I’m glad to have you in this fight. 
Today’s big tech companies have too much power over our economy, our society, and our democracy. I’m fighting for a government that makes sure everyone, even the biggest and most powerful companies in America, plays by the rules. 
We’re building something big—one small-dollar donation at a time. Chip in $3 or more before tonight at midnight. 
It’s not a democracy when our government puts the interests of Big Pharma first. Trump’s NAFTA was designed to work well for wealthy corporations, not the people. We need to fix it. 
This is how we make sure every vote counts! I’m glad to see that another state has pledged to give its Electoral College votes to the winner of the national popular vote. 
On  I want every trans person to know: You are valued. You are equal. You are loved. We’re in this fight with you all the way. 
I’m running for president, but I can’t do it alone. We’re up against our first big FEC deadline tonight at midnight. Will you join our fight and chip in? 
The crisis isn’t just about a technical issue: It’s systemic corruption. There’s a revolving door between industry and regulators—where the people lose and big corporations win. My plan to  would close that door. 
Last year, farmers got less than 15 cents of every dollar that Americans spent on food—the lowest amount since the Department of Agriculture began tracking that figure in 1993. My plan to break up agribusinesses like Monsanto would help family farmers get what they deserve. 
I want Washington to work for family farmers, not just for the agribusiness executives pocketing multi-million dollar bonuses. I joined Family Farm Action today to say loud and clear: We need a Farmers Bill of Rights. 
At the Heartland Forum, I talked about how Washington should work for family farmers across America—not just the agribusiness executives pocketing multi-million dollar bonuses or the Wall Street traders. 
Those cookies have been a  favorite for years—mine, too. Thank you for everything you do, Barbara! 
 Sen. Elizabeth Warren speaks in Marshalltown, IA: "The Republican Party is the party of taking away healthcare from people who…
Today I’ll be speaking at the Heartland Forum about my ideas to make big, structural change in America’s rural communities. Tune in at 2 PM ET: 
I don’t just talk the talk, I walk the walk. Instead of spending time at fancy fundraisers, I’m spending my time on the phone with grassroots donors who chip in online. Chip in before our big FEC deadline (you might just get a call from me to thank you!) 
It was great meeting you, What can I say: Bruce is a great photographer. 
 and executives are preparing to cash in by taking their companies public, so they're squeezing their drivers and slashing their pay. The drivers are fighting for living wages and better working conditions—and I stand with them.
When I thought about jumping into the Senate race in 2012, I heard this over and over again: “Don’t run. A woman can’t win here. Not yet.”We proved the naysayers wrong. We won by 7.5 points. 
Today in Perry, Iowa I wanted to be perfectly clear: When I'm president of the United States, no veteran will ever be deported. 
We need your help before our first big FEC deadline. Like says, even a couple bucks goes a long way! 
This is a campaign of ideas—like  the  and a plan to  Will you chip in now to help hit our goal before Sunday’s first big FEC deadline? 
Just wrapped up our event in Marshalltown where I answered my 200th town hall question (it was about climate change). I’ll keep fighting to protect the planet for our children and grandchildren. 
I told The Mueller report needs to be made public. That’s all there is to it. 
The Koch brothers act tough. But they're terrified of anything that challenges the political power of giant companies ; billionaires. That's why they're spending freely against my idea to  But Americans are tired of getting run over—and we're ready to fight back. 
We're the richest nation in the history of the world. But the wealthy and the well-connected rig the system to benefit themselves. An  on the wealthiest 0.1% of Americans would level the playing field for everyone. 
You shouldn’t have to be ultra-wealthy in order to afford life-saving drugs. The government should stop tip-toeing around while giant drug companies squeeze the American people. 
Santee Cooper is showering its executives with big bonuses—while ratepayers foot the bill. I’m glad the South Carolina legislature is tackling this corporate greed head on. 
In Greenville, Mississippi and rural communities across America, home ownership has gotten further and further out of reach. My new proposal would give families everywhere a real shot at the American dream. 
300 pages—and all we’ve seen is a 5th grade book report from the President's handpicked AG. Attorney General Barr:  now. 
Consolidation is choking family farms. But there’s a whole lot of other ways in which big business has rigged the rules in their favor and hard working farmers across the country have been left behind. I’ll fight to change those rules. 
Outrageous. Many Americans work full-time, minimum-wage jobs and still live paycheck to paycheck—while the average bonus for a Wall Street banker has gone up 1000% since 1989. It’s why I’m in this fight. 
Trump and the Republicans never wanted to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. They've always wanted to burn it down. We need  and we need a government that works for the people, not for giant drug companies. 
By the way, getting fired shouldn't be the end of the story for Tim Sloan. He shouldn't get a golden parachute. He should be investigated by the SEC and the DOJ for his role in all the Wells Fargo scams. And if he's guilty of any crimes, he should be put in jail like anyone else.
BREAKING: We also had iced tea! 
About damn time. Tim Sloan should have been fired a long time ago. He enabled Wells Fargo's massive fake accounts scam, got rich off it, ; then helped cover it up. Now—let's make sure all the people hurt by Wells Fargo's scams get the relief they're owed. 
I’ll be in Storm Lake, Marshalltown, and West Des Moines this weekend. Will we see you there? RSVP here. 
Last night, I told In this Democratic primary, we need to push our big, bold ideas forward. We can do this together. 
Right now, farmers are caught in a vise—but it doesn’t have to be that way. We can make better policy choices , and we can begin by leveling the playing field for America’s family farmers. 
Thank you, Brandon! I’m glad we got to talk. We’re building something big—one small-dollar donation at a time. 
It was really me, Thanks for being a part of our movement. 
Betsy DeVos is the worst education secretary in living memory. We need opportunities for all of our kids—not just some of them. 
Oh look—the Koch brothers don’t like my ideas. Apparently they're horrified about any effort to try and rein in the economic and political power of giant corporations. I'm shocked. 
Candidates for president don’t always go to MS, TN, or AL because they aren’t battleground states. But I’m running to be president of the entire United States. I’m planning to travel to every corner of this country—and I’ve got the best staff who will make it happen! 
The solution is pretty clear, Make another suit. 
I’m grateful to have leading our campaign. This is how we see this fight, and this is how we plan to win. 
See you in just a few minutes, Looking forward to talking about my ideas to make big, structural change. Tune into at 8 PM ET.
I told I’m not spending my time behind closed doors throwing fancy fundraisers. This grassroots campaign is by the people, for the people. Chip in what you can and let’s take on our first big fundraising deadline together. 
“It’s just too hard”—that’s what people told abolitionists, suffragettes, early labor organizers, civil rights leaders, and the first LGBTQ rights activists. Yet every one of them stayed in the fight, and persisted. It’s our moment to change the direction of American history. 
Giant agribusinesses like Monsanto have too much power to squeeze farmers. One of my new ideas to help farmers is to appoint trustbusters to review—and reverse—mergers, including the recent Bayer-Monsanto merger that should never have been approved. 
Thanks for picking up my call, I’m so glad we got to talk! 
 Elizabeth Warren is continuing to target massive corporate consolidation. After taking on big tech with her last proposal,…
Democrats have a chance to help end the influence of big money in politics in the 2020 primary. I’m walking the walk. 
The man in the White House and Senate Republicans are failing to extend important SNAP benefits in Puerto Rico, potentially hurting thousands of people across the island. Our government needs to show the people of Puerto Rico some respect. 
Big Pharma executives need to be held accountable when they break the law. My sweeping plan with Rep. Elijah Cummings does just that—and tackles our country’s opioid epidemic head on. 
The people of Selma—and Americans across the country—deserve access to safe, affordable housing. That’s what my housing plan does. 
Donald Trump is not the cause of what's broken, he's just the latest symptom of what's gone wrong in America. He is a product of a rigged system that props up the rich and the powerful—and kicks dirt on everyone else. Sign up now to fight back.
I want Washington to work for family farmers—not just for the agribusiness executives pocketing multi-million dollar bonuses. That is how we build an economy that works for everyone. 
Today a farmer can work hard, do everything right — even get great weather — and still not make it. My new idea would level the playing field for America’s farmers by standing up to Big Ag and un-rigging the rules that are hurting competition. 
The Affordable Care Act is the law of the land. Without it, millions of American families would lose health care coverage. I’ll fight tooth and nail to protect it. 
The American people deserve to see it.  
After the quarterly fundraising deadline on March 31, we’ll file our first official report with the FEC. This is your chance to get your support for this movement on the official record. Chip in $3 or more before the deadline and get your name on our report.
Elizabeth doesn’t take money from special interests or corporate PACs, and there’s no special calls or fancy fundraisers with only the wealthiest donors. Elizabeth’s counting on you to help hit our quarterly fundraising goal. Donate now.
After our first FEC fundraising deadline on March 31, we’ll file a public report to show how much we’ve been able to raise by running a truly grassroots campaign with no special treatment for big donors. Will you make a donation right now? Elizabeth’s counting on you.
The Republicans and the man in the White House have tried to repeal the Affordable Care Act at every turn. But the American people have come together time and time again to protect the ACA—and we’re not about to back down. 
I’m so glad to have leading River to river, county by county, Janice is dreaming big and fighting hard. 
If we have an  on the richest 0.1% of people in this country, we can use the money for ideas that will help millions of Americans—like a  and  is on board! 
Donald Trump is not the cause of what's broken, he's just the latest symptom of what's gone wrong in America. He is a product of a rigged system that props up the rich and the powerful—and kicks dirt on everyone else. Chip in now to fight back.
When I first ran for Senate in 2012, we were up against a Republican opponent who was bankrolled by special interests and the RNC. Then we out-raised him—one small-dollar donor at a time. I need you in the 2020 fight. Will you pitch in what you can? 
See you again soon, Iowa! 
Amazon has too much power. You can be an umpire or you can own a team, but you can't do both in the same game.  
With your support, we're building a grassroots movement across the country that's ready to take on powerful special interests and level the playing field for everyone. Will you become a monthly donor and help sustain our grassroots movement?
Elizabeth is running for President – but she can't do it alone. You’re already part of the grassroots movement that’s fighting back against the powerful interests that are already lining up against us. Will you take the next step and become a monthly donor to our campaign?
I stand with the workers who are fighting for strong wages, comprehensive benefits, and dignity on the job. It's time for management to come to the negotiating table. 
Let’s call ties to the US government what they are: Corruption, plain and simple. The American people should be able to trust that our government is working for us—not giant defense contractors. 
I stood on the Senate floor while we hung onto health care for millions of Americans by a single vote. We won't back down. Health care is a basic human right, and we fight for basic human rights. 
Try and keep up, 
Thanks for having me, Tune in to watch us on later tonight. 
I agree. By getting rid of the electoral college and replacing it with a national popular vote, we can protect our democracy and make sure everyone’s vote counts. 
Public financing of elections is the single best solution to reduce the undue influence of big money in our politics. And New York could be on the road to  this week! Hope this passes in the state budget. 
Looking forward to talking with tonight. I hope you’ll tune in to 
We have failed the people of Sandy Hook, Parkland, and the communities that face these tragedies every day. We mourn for Mr. Richman’s family again—but Congress must act. No family should have to suffer this pain and hopelessness. 
Monsanto has a moral obligation to tell the public what it knows about the health effects of its weedkiller, Roundup, before more people get sick. 
Great news! You can join the fight for big, structural change in Iowa by following our team on Twitter, Instagram, and Snapchat at Then text IOWA to 24477 to be part of our grassroots movement on the ground. 
When WhatsApp started growing, Facebook had to make a choice: They could either do better on their privacy policy or buy out the competition. Guess what they did?  
After my daddy’s heart attack, my family almost lost our house. My mother got a minimum wage job at Sears, and it saved our family. Today, a minimum wage job can’t even support a mama and a baby. Time to rebuild the middle class. Will you join us? 
Thank you, Earle, for listening to my speech in 2015—and for being a part of our fight for big, structural change like my housing plan. Black lives matter and Black families matter. 
 Sen. Elizabeth Warren on  "Everyone needs to get a chance to read the Mueller Report. It needs to be made publi…
I’m humbled to have your support, Pastor Kathy. Let’s do this together! 
Our government is failing Americans like Monica and Pete. No matter how hard they tried to play by the rules, they lost everything.We need a government that works for everyone, not just those at the top. That’s why I’m running for president. 
Donald Trump is not the cause of what's broken, he's just the latest symptom of what's gone wrong in America. He is a product of a rigged system that props up the rich and the powerful—and kicks dirt on everyone else. 
Congress didn’t ask for a “summary,” Attorney General Barr. Members of the House voted 420-0 to release the report. The American people deserve to see the full report.  
A year ago today, people across the country organized and took a stand against gun violence at the There’s a lot of pain in this country caused by gun violence—and we’re fighting our hearts out to end it. I’ll go where the Parkland students lead.
Bruce and I are heartsick for the victim and his loved ones. I’m keeping the Parkland community in my prayers throughout this difficult week. We need to end the cycle of pain caused by gun violence. We need gun reform—now. 
Congress voted 420-0 to release the full Mueller report. Not a "summary" from his handpicked Attorney General. AG Barr, make the full report public. Immediately.
My housing idea would build 3.2 million new units across the country—including here in Conway. Thank you for the wonderful conversation about housing, supporting our unions, and the environment this afternoon. Glad my guys came too! 
Fun fact: Bruce and I love maple syrup! We were glad to visit the Believe in Books Sugar Shack in Intervale to hear about their efforts to increase childhood literacy and learn how maple syrup is made. 
We packed into city hall yesterday and talked about the big, structural changes we’re fighting for—like a Green New Deal and getting rid of the electoral college. Thank you, Berlin! 
We need to make sure that Robert Mueller’s report is released to the American public. Remember: This investigation has already resulted in dozens of indictments, convictions, and guilty pleas. Sign our petition to make the Mueller report public. 
Girls dream big, fight hard, and run for president. 
Republicans are working hard to roll back a woman’s right to control our own bodies. But let’s be clear: We won’t go back—not now, not ever. We’ll fight this with everything we’ve got. 
I was happy to meet you too, Brian! Thanks for nerding out with me. 
Nine years ago today, President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law. Health care is a basic human right, and we fight for basic human rights. I won’t stop fighting to make health care accessible and affordable for everyone. 
This morning I was glad to visit Friendship House, an addiction treatment center in Bethlehem. Many of its patients have recovered from opioid addiction. My opioid plan with Rep. Elijah Cummings would invest in centers like Friendship House so we can tackle this epidemic head on. 
I’m heartsick for Sydney Aiello, her loved ones, and the Parkland community. We need real, structural gun reform in this country to end the cycle of pain caused by gun violence. 
Heading to New Hampshire! 
For a lot of candidates, “call time” means spending hours on the phone every day with ultra-wealthy donors who write fat checks. This is my version of call time. 
Robert Mueller’s finished his report. He’s delivered it to Attorney General William Barr. The American people deserve the full report. Sign our petition to make the Mueller report public—immediately. 
Robert Mueller's investigation has already resulted in dozens of indictments, convictions, and guilty pleas. The American people deserve the full report. Tell Trump's Attorney General to release the report immediately.
Attorney General Barr: Release the Mueller report to the public – now.
Attorney General Barr—release the Mueller report to the American public. Now. 
Mr. President: Chairman Kim is not your buddy, and the North Korean nuclear program is a national security threat to the United States. Reversing North Korea's sanctions hours after they were announced is chaos. Foreign policy by tweet does not make Americans safer. 
This week I was in Tennessee, Mississippi, and Alabama. I had powerful conversations with people about how we can make big, structural change in this country. Here’s an update from the road. 
Last night on I talked with about my plan to  Giant tech companies like Google and Facebook have too much power—and we need to act. 
Happy  to my go-to guy. 
What can we do to make a real difference in Cleveland, MS where families can’t afford the skyrocketing costs of living expenses? We put more money into housing so everyone can have a safe and affordable place to live. 
I’m so glad to be back in New Hampshire this weekend! Will we see you there? Littleton, Berlin, and Conway—see you soon. 
“Conversion therapy” is cruel. I’m glad to see the government of Puerto Rico taking real steps to end this immoral practice. People should be able to love who they love without fear or discrimination. 
With fewer competitors in the market, big tech companies like Facebook don’t have to compete in key areas like protecting our privacy. That would change under my plan to  
Health care is a human right. And Medicaid is a commitment that says if your family gets sick, the rest of us will be there. I’m glad to see that Kansas is on its way to expanding this program. 
Bigotry and hate have no place in the United States of America. Period. 
Every voter matters. That includes voters in Mississippi. And whoever gets the most votes should win. I was honored to travel to and talk with a fired-up crowd about issues that matter—including getting rid of the electoral college. 
Outrageous. Safety features that stop airplanes from falling out of the sky shouldn't cost "extra"—and regulators shouldn't look the other way when companies like Boeing compromise safety for profit. It's time for congressional hearings. Now. 
 ‘My view is that every vote matters…get rid of the electoral college.’ — wants to abolish the electoral college t…
 As we've said before, housing plan is an excellent step in closing the racial wealth gap and addressing iss…
 It feels like every single day, is making powerful interventions into our political status quo, forcing others to f…
All three of my brothers joined the military—Don Reed and John went into the Air Force, and David joined the Army. My mother would wait every day for a letter while they were deployed. I know how important it is to support our service members and our military families. 
I don’t take PAC money or checks from federal lobbyists. This grassroots movement is by the people, for the people—and it’s going to take all of us fighting side by side to win in  Let’s do this together. 
I’m with Facebook has too much power—and we need answers. 
We’re not going to solve our housing crisis by nibbling at the edges. We need to tackle it head on—with big, comprehensive solutions that match the size of the problems we have. That’s what my housing plan does. 
Even Big Oil says we need stronger rules to limit methane and combat climate change. We have to tackle this problem head on—that’s why my climate bill would require these companies to publish their greenhouse gas emissions. 
The American people should be able to trust that government officials are working for them—not big defense contractors like My  bill would have banned Shanahan from serving as acting Defense Secretary in the first place. 
What would it be like to have a school teacher in the White House? As a former special needs teacher, I think it would be fabulous. I won’t stop fighting for America’s public school teachers and our students. 
There are up to four million people in Florida who can vote but aren’t registered. I’m so glad to see new initiative to help Floridians register to vote. 
Unions are the backbone of our country. I stand with the Amazon workers who are organizing and fighting for better working conditions.  
Woo-hoo—congratulations, senator-elect 
I went to Brown’s Chapel and the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama with Rep. Terri Sewell yesterday—places with powerful legacies of people coming together and fighting for civil rights and a better country. It gave me hope. 
Let’s dream big, fight hard—and win! Thank you to everyone who came out to our grassroots organizing event in Birmingham. 
This is exactly why we need to  Companies like Google have too much power—and fines alone won’t fix the problem.
This week in Mississippi, we had a powerful conversation with Greenville and Cleveland community leaders about the housing crisis in our country. Thanks to Mayor Simmons and Mable Starks for showing me around the Greater Greenville Housing Revitalization Association. 
Millions of Americans like Amber are spending more than 30% of their income on rent. I say it’s time to address this problem head on. 
We need to have policies on immigration that are consistent with our values—and we need answers from 
In today’s economy, a person working a minimum-wage job can't afford decent housing—and that's just immoral. It's time we tackle the housing crisis head on. 
Access to quality, affordable housing unlocks opportunities for families across the country. I’m working hard to level the playing field for working parents like LaTonya. 
For years, government regulators looked the other way as predatory financial institutions targeted minority communities and sucked billions of dollars in wealth out of them. Learn more. 
16 years ago today, the US invaded Iraq. The costs of that mistake are staggering: 4,751 brave Americans killed, tens of thousands more wounded, untold civilian casualties. We owe it to our service members to do better. Time to bring our troops home and end these endless wars. 
I’m glad the people of Iowa are starting to return to their homes. Always grateful for the first responders who helped families stay safe during the flood. 
 gave one heck of an introduction. Birmingham is fired up! 
Every vote should count equally, no matter where you live. It’s time to get rid of the Electoral College and elect our presidents with a national popular vote. Read more. 
I’m not doing things the way traditional candidates for the presidency would do. I’m not holding fundraisers for wealthy donors. I’m spending my time with people all across the country who believe that our grassroots movement can make big, structural change. Thank you, Memphis! 
Anyone who wants to be president should have to come and ask for your vote, no matter where you live. That's how we ensure that every vote matters. We can make it happen by getting rid of the electoral college. Sign the petition if you agree it's time to do just that.
Everyone deserves a safe and affordable place to live—in Mississippi and across the country. 
Every vote matters. We need to get rid of the Electoral College in favor of a national popular vote so that presidential candidates have to ask every American in every part of the country for their vote, not just those in battleground states. If you agree, sign our petition now.
I believe we are called on to act. 
 “Leadership starts at the top - that means you’ve got to call it out,” Elizabeth Warren at  when asked about whi…
Our differences make us stronger. I will fight against all forms of bigotry and hate—including white nationalism. 
Thank you, We’re in this fight together. 
The way we make sure that every vote is counted is by getting rid of the Electoral College and making the national popular vote a central part of our democracy. 
Every vote should count—and the way we can make that happen is getting rid of the Electoral College. 
My favorite Bible verse includes two lessons that guide me every day: There is value in every single human being, and every one of us is called to action.  
I’m not taking PAC money or meeting with rich donors behind closed doors. I'm working to build this campaign face to face, person to person, neighborhood to neighborhood. Join our fight:  
After my daddy’s heart attack, my family was this close to losing our house. My mother got a minimum wage job at Sears that saved our house ; family. Today a minimum wage job can’t even support a mama and a baby. I’m in this fight because I believe that’s wrong.  
Our fight is about making big, structural change—and it starts with you. Chip in whatever you can and let’s grow this grassroots movement. If we dream big and fight hard, there’s nothing we can’t do. 
Every vote matters. We need to get rid of the Electoral College so that presidential candidates have to ask every American in every part of the country for their vote, not just those in battleground states. 
Every vote matters. We need to get rid of the Electoral College so that presidential candidates have to ask every American in every part of the country for their vote, not just those in battleground states.  
I want to say something very controversial: I believe in science. Climate change is real, it is man-made, and we are running out of time. We need all hands on deck to pass a  and invest in sustainable infrastructure. 
Maternal mortality is a real problem in our country—and it disproportionately impacts Black and Brown women. We need more funding for the NIH and we need to fight for our mamas and babies. 
There is a sacred responsibility on our leadership to understand that we can’t use the military to solve non-military problems. We need to be using all the diplomatic and economic tools in the toolbox. No more endless wars. 
I want to say something very controversial: I believe in science. Climate change is real, it is man-made, and we are running out of time. We need all hands on deck to pass a  and invest in sustainable infrastructure. 
Here’s how we can level the playing field for working people and give everyone a fighting chance: an  on the richest of the rich. It could pay for  for millions of American families—and a whole lot more. 
Here’s how we can level the playing field for working people and give everyone a fighting chance: an  on the richest of the rich. It could pay for  for millions of American families—and a whole lot more.  
Voter disenfranchisement is real. I believe we need a constitutional amendment that protects the right to vote for every American citizen. We need to repeal every one of the voter suppression laws out there. And we need to make sure every vote gets counted. 
On average, we lose seven children and teens every day to gun violence. But we do nothing. Why? Because the federal government is being held hostage by the NRA. Laws should reflect our morals—we need  
Voter disenfranchisement is real. I believe we need a constitutional amendment that protects the right to vote for every American citizen. We need to repeal every one of the voter suppression laws out there. And we need to make sure every vote gets counted. 
The border wall isn’t about security, or making America safer. It’s a monument to hate and division, and I won’t support it. We are a better country than that. 
If America wants to be a place of opportunity, then that means every kid must have the right to get an education without getting crushed by student loan debt. 
The border wall isn’t about security, or making America safer. It’s a monument to hate and division, and I won’t support it. We are a better country than that.  
Having a decent and safe place to live should be a basic human right. My new housing bill would build or rehabilitate 3 million units, lower rents across the country by 10%, create over a million new jobs, and tackle our government’s history of racist redlining. 
Having a decent and safe place to live should be a basic human right. My new housing bill would build or rehabilitate 3 million units, lower rents across the country by 10%, create over a million new jobs, and tackle our government’s history of racist redlining.  
Democrat, Republican, or Independent, Americans know a scam when they see one. And they can see that Washington is working great for the rich and the powerful. The American people are ready to fight for a country that works for everybody else.  
Health care is a basic human right, and we fight for basic human rights. That means we need to protect the Affordable Care Act, bring down the cost of prescription drugs, hold insurance companies accountable, and fight for 100% coverage with  
We need to make it easier to join a union and for workers to make their voices heard. Unions built America’s middle class, and unions will rebuild America’s middle class. 
We need to have policies on immigration that are consistent with our values. We are a country built on our differences. That is our strength not our weakness. When people come to our country fearing for their lives, then we have a moral responsibility to act. 
Health care is a basic human right, and we fight for basic human rights. That means we need to protect the Affordable Care Act, bring down the cost of prescription drugs, hold insurance companies accountable, and fight for 100% coverage with  
Slavery is a stain on America ; we need to address it head on. I believe it’s time to start a national, full-blown conversation about reparations. I support the bill in the House to support a congressional panel of experts so that our nation can do what’s right ; begin to heal.
Washington is working great for the rich and the powerful—but it’s not working great for people living paycheck to paycheck. I want a Washington that works for the rest of America. That’s why I’m in this fight. 
 “I’m tired of a Washington that works for the rich and the powerful. I want a Washington that works for the rest of America,” Demo…
We have to recognize the threat of white nationalism. We’ve got to call it out. As President of the United States, my Justice Department would go after white nationalists with full prosecution. 
Washington is working great for the rich and the powerful—but it’s not working great for people living paycheck to paycheck. I want a Washington that works for the rest of America. That’s why I’m in this fight. 
 Sen. Elizabeth Warren talks directly to voters in a CNN Presidential Town Hall moderated by live from Jackson,…
 Sen. Elizabeth Warren joins for a Presidential Town Hall. Live from Jackson, Mississippi.  Tonight at 9p ET 
I’m reading through all of your kind notes of encouragement ahead of tonight's town hall. I can only say: Thank you! We’re going to do this together.  
Tonight’s town hall is a powerful opportunity for our grassroots movement to talk about the big ideas we’re fighting for. Hope you tune in! 
Saudi Arabia has brutally crushed dissent—kidnapping, detaining, torturing its own citizens—even murdering Jamal Khashoggi, a Washington Post journalist who dared to criticize the regime. The Trump administration has done nothing to hold them accountable. 
At the  Elizabeth talked about the big changes we need to rebuild our economy so it works for everyone – not just the wealthy and well-connected. If you want to help make Elizabeth’s vision for our country a reality, chip in now to help power this campaign.
At the  Elizabeth talked about the big changes we need to rebuild our economy so it works for everyone – not just the wealthy and well-connected. If you want to learn more about Elizabeth’s vision for our country, sign up now for official campaign updates.
At the  Elizabeth talked about the big changes we need to rebuild our economy so it works for everyone – not just the wealthy and well-connected. If you want to help make Elizabeth’s vision for our country a reality, sign up now and join our grassroots campaign.
My thoughts are with the victims and families affected by flooding across the Midwest. Grateful for the brave first responders who are helping people get to safety. 
We’re just a couple of hours away from meeting at to talk about our grassroots movement with Can’t wait to see you there! 
Unions have always been the backbone of our country. When workers fight, workers win. 
Tonight our grassroots movement has a chance to tell our story and talk about the big ideas we’re fighting for. Grab a friend to watch and let’s do this together. 
This is a campaign by the people and for the people. We’re in this fight together to bring about the big, structural change our country needs. 
Decent housing shouldn’t be this hard to find. My housing bill would build or rehabilitate more than three million affordable units to address this exact problem. 
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." —Martin Luther King, Jr. 
This is a perfect example of why I want to  You can be the umpire or you can own a team—but you can’t do both at the same time. 
This grassroots movement is about fighting for big, structural change—like ensuring that every family has access to high-quality, affordable child care for their kids. Thank you, Memphis! 
I’ve reintroduced my American Housing and Economic Mobility Act to bring down rents by 10% across America, create 1.5 million new jobs, and take the first steps to address the racial wealth gap without adding a dime to the deficit. Sign up now to learn more.
I’ve reintroduced my American Housing and Economic Mobility Act to bring down rents by 10% across America, create 1.5 million new jobs, and take the first steps to address the racial wealth gap without adding a dime to the deficit. Sign up and become a citizen co-sponsor.
Can’t wait to answer your questions live at RSVP here and we’ll send you a reminder when it’s time to tune in.  
The man in the White House let executives give billions of dollars in stock buybacks to their rich stakeholders while workers were left out in the cold. That’s why I’m fighting to level the playing field for working families across the country. 
Excited to spend some quality time with our grassroots movement in Tennessee, Mississippi, and Alabama. We're going to do this together. 
It’s always great to meet people on the road—even better when I get to do it with my guys by my side. Thank you for the wonderful conversation, Exeter! 
Make sure you get out to vote, Black Hawk County! 
Homeownership is out of reach for too many families—especially Black families. Decades of discrimination by the federal government denied families of color the same kinds of homeownership subsidies available to white families. We need to tackle this head on. 
Add your name as a citizen co-sponsor of my American Housing and Economic Mobility Act. Let’s work together to ensure every American has a safe, decent, and affordable place to live. 
Let's be clear: We’re not going to solve our housing crisis by nibbling at the edges. We need to tackle it head on—with big, comprehensive solutions that match the size of the problems we have. That’s what my housing plan for America does.
Government regulators looked the other way before the 2008 crisis as predatory financial institutions targeted minority communities and sucked billions of dollars in wealth out of them.
The gap between white homeownership rates and Black homeownership rates is 30%—more than it was when housing discrimination was legal in 1960.
Government at all levels hasn’t done enough to tackle our housing problems. The federal government has reduced investments in housing for middle-class and lower-income families even as rents have gone up.
I still think about these gut-wrenching stories because it’s a powerful reminder of what housing means in our country. That's why it's so important for government to get housing policy right.
During the 2008 housing crisis, I traveled to NV to hear the stories of those who'd lost their homes. I was part of the panel that oversaw how the Treasury Department was spending the bank bailout money, and I wanted to make sure we heard from the people being hit the hardest.
Housing is one of the biggest purchases most Americans will make in their lifetimes. My new Housing plan would address some of the most pressing issues that have kept homeownership out of reach for too many families. Here’s how we’re going to do it: 
 we mourn with you, the Muslim community, and all New Zealanders. We join you in standing up to hatred and extremism at home and around the world—today and every day. 
Charleston, Pittsburgh, and now Christchurch. Everyone should have the right to worship without fear, and an attack on a place of worship is terrorism perpetrated against all of us. My heart goes out to the people of New Zealand today.
I’m proud of how the Sandy Hook community organized and stood up to the gun lobbyists to secure this victory. We won’t stop fighting for  
A fake crisis at the border is fear-mongering of the worst kind—and we’re not falling for it. I voted to terminate the president’s ridiculous “national emergency.”
Yesterday on I explained how we’re going to break up Big Tech companies like Amazon. You can read more about that here:  
Despicable. 
If you want proof that Facebook has too much power, look no further than their ability to shut down a debate over whether their platform has too much power.  
Under my  plan, high-quality child care would be free for millions of parents and affordable for all. Imagine what that would mean for families across the country. 
I’m spending my time thanking grassroots donors at pop-up events like the ones we had in NY and TX last weekend—not at fancy fundraisers with mega donors. Chip in whatever you can, and let’s grow our grassroots movement together. 
This policy to ban transgender people from openly serving in our military is shameful and should be reversed immediately. We’re going to fight this tooth-and-nail. 
Today on I talked with and about my new plan to  They asked me if I thought Google, Amazon, and Facebook are all monopolies. Here’s my answer. 
About time. Now it's Congress's job to figure out what went wrong here, and why this decision took so long, to make sure it doesn't happen again. Nothing should come before the safety and security of the American people—especially not corporate profits or political favors. 
Paul Manafort just got 43 more months for a new raft of crimes. Black men like Bernard Noble can get decades just for selling 2 joints. We need criminal justice reform so the well-connected play by the same rules as everyone else. Now. 
Glad to see Boston will be hosting the 111th national convention! 
See you soon, You too, 
First Donald Trump stacked the with corrupt climate change deniers—now he wants to slash the agency's budget by 31%. It's a disgrace. The effects of climate change are real and we have a moral obligation to protect the future for our kids. 
Planned Parenthood provides health care for millions of women in Ohio and across the country. This decision is an attack on women’s reproductive rights. We won’t go back—not now, not ever. 
A president who actually cares about the American people's safety does not decide whether to ground an airplane based on Boeing's profits, Boeing's political donations, the rich CEO's visit to Mar-a-Lago, or personal phone calls. The FAA needs to get this plane out of the sky. 
The Trump administration wants to cut hundreds of billions of dollars from the  budget, all while giving billionaires and giant corporations huge tax breaks with the  This is immoral. 
The Boeing 737 MAX 8 is a major driver of profits. In the coming weeks and months, Congress must hold hearings on whether an administration that famously refused to stand up to Saudi Arabia to protect arms sales has once again put lives at risk for the same reason.
The FAA itself has indicated that software updates are likely coming. Any necessary changes must be made before, not after, more flights occur and more lives are potentially endangered.
Dozens of these planes fly daily in the US. The UK, China, Australia and several other countries have already grounded the 737 MAX. The  should follow their lead, reverse their decision, and immediately ground this plane in the US until its safety can be assured.
We witnessed the second tragic crash of 737 MAX 8 planes in less than 6 months. We don’t know the cause of these crashes—but serious questions have been raised about whether these planes were pressed into service without additional pilot training.
When women fight, women win.  
We want big, structural change. And we’re going to do it together. 
Citizens United opened the floodgates of foreign money into US politics. This decision is a victory for our democracy. 
We want to rein in the companies that think they get to roll over everyone—and that doesn’t start by talking to folks in Washington. It starts in rooms like this one. 
You shouldn't have to contact Facebook's publicists in order for them to decide to "allow robust debate" about Facebook. They shouldn’t have that much power. 
Curious why I think FB has too much power? Let's start with their ability to shut down a debate over whether FB has too much power. Thanks for restoring my posts. But I want a social media marketplace that isn't dominated by a single censor.  
I’m the daughter of a janitor who managed to become a public school teacher, a law professor, a United States senator, and now, a candidate for president—all because Texas opened the door of opportunity. This state has a special place in my heart. Thank you, Dallas! 
 ICYMI: Watch my full interview with for  here:  
 Child care isn't just a women's issue.But remembers struggling as a working mom. was a preschool t…
I’m so glad to have you on our team, Luis! 
I love this explainer from By taxing the wealthiest 0.1% of Americans, we could pay for  and big, structural changes that will help everyone. 
DC residents don’t have an equal voice in our government—despite paying federal taxes. It’s not right, and I’m fighting to change that. 
There are a lot of reasons why I’m fighting for a  It’s a strong response to climate change, and a chance to bring our country into the 21st century. 
Facebook, Google, and Amazon have mastered a very powerful business model: Monopolize their platform and force other companies out of business. We’ve got to do something about it. 
 “In the richest country in the history of the world,” Elizabeth Warren said Friday, at a rally in Long Island City, “people…
 THANK YOU  
 WARREN: "I've actually been calling people who donated $25, $5, $50, $10, and had some great conversations with folks."…
I was excited to meet you too, John! 
Probably. But let’s be clear: I don’t work for the lobbyists—I work for the people.   
 asked about my plan to  “Could she really do it?”The answer is yes—and here’s how. 
America has a long tradition of breaking up companies when they’ve become too dominant . Our country needs stronger antitrust enforcement, and we need it now.  
I went to  to talk with about how I’m fighting for big, structural change in this country—and that includes breaking up some of the biggest tech companies so they don’t have so much power over everyone else. 
In just a few minutes, I’ll be live with at  Tune in:  
 Coming up soon: at  Her political identity was shaped by her time here in Texas, where she was a profess…
Yesterday, I talked with about how equal justice demands that everybody—no matter how wealthy or well-connected—is held accountable when they break the law. That includes political operatives like Paul Manafort. 
Our government’s response to Hurricane Maria was a complete failure—and the island still hasn’t recovered. Now Trump’s corrupt administration is leaving families out in the cold by gutting SNAP benefits. I will never stop fighting for the citizens of Puerto Rico. 
 Sen. Elizabeth Warren's pledge to take aim at Amazon Inc, Facebook Inc. and Google if she is elected president marks the most…
You’re darn right I am. 
Big Tech spent almost $50 million on lobbying last year. They know they have a lot to lose if Washington starts putting the interests of consumers first. That’s why I’m proposing to break up Facebook, Amazon, and Google to protect consumers and competition. Are you with me?
Woo-hoo! Looking forward to talking with about our presidential primary campaign and my plan to  Watch the interview live through this link at 2:00 PM CST today:   
Wow—thank you, Long Island City! You showed everyone what’s possible when people fight back. We can  to protect our democracy and our economy, and we must. 
Today was my first pop-up event with grassroots donors—people who’ve chipped in $25 here, or $5 there—in East Harlem. Glad we got a chance to talk about how we’re running a campaign by the people, for the people. Watch your emails and texts for one near you! 
 P.S. If anyone doubts that will stay and take selfies/chat with every last voter in line... she’s still at it. 
Watch live as I discuss my new plan to  
 It was such a pleasure to meet with Senator to discuss the many serious issues facing the nation and NYC.She was…
👋 
I’m looking forward to talking at about my plans for big, structural change to make our country work for working people. Can’t wait to see you all there.  
I want every little girl to grow up knowing that they can fight from the heart — and they can win. Today, and every day, I want to celebrate every woman who wakes up ready to fight to make life better for them.   
Today’s big tech companies have too much power over our economy, our society, and our democracy—and in the process, they have hurt small businesses and stifled innovation. That’s why my administration would make big, structural changes to the tech industry. 
We all use Facebook, Amazon, and Google. But in their rise to power, they’ve bulldozed competition, used our private information for profit, and tilted the playing field in their favor. It’s time to break them up so they don’t have so much power over everyone else. Sign on today.
Big Tech spent almost $50 million on lobbying last year. They know they have a lot to lose if Washington starts putting the interests of consumers first. That’s why I’m proposing to break up Facebook. Amazon, and Google to protect consumers and competition. Are you with me?
Glad to spend some quality time this morning with our grassroots movement. Thanks for having us, 
Good news: The House just passed the  Act, which includes key elements from my  bill, to start cleaning up corruption in Washington.I’m joining to demand that give the bill a vote on the Senate floor. Are you with us?
Looking forward to talking more about my big new plan to  See you soon, 
Facebook, Amazon, and Google run the internet. In fact, Big Tech spent almost $50 million dollars in lobbying last year. They know they have a lot to lose if Washington starts putting the interests of consumers first.  
We can get this done. We can make big, structural change. But it’s going to take a grassroots movement, and it starts right now. Sign our petition if you agree, and let's get ready to fight hard together. 
This policy will ensure that tech entrepreneurs have a fighting chance to compete against the big companies. That’s how we get innovation.
Let's be clear: This policy won't limit your ability to go on Amazon and find 30 different coffee machines that you can get delivered to your house in two days. And you’ll still be able to go on Facebook and see how your old friend from school is doing.
What I’m proposing is in line with our country’s history of antitrust laws—and it’s a big part of what has allowed our economy to grow and new companies to thrive. You can read more about how our plan is going to work here: 
We’ve got to call it out. And we’ve got to do something about it. So today, I’m proposing a new plan to  companies, restore competition, and make sure these corporations don’t get so powerful that they undermine our democracy.
America’s biggest tech companies are controlling more and more of our digital lives. And they’re using their size and power to make it harder for the next tech entrepreneur with the next big idea to break through and compete with them—meaning less options for us.
Facebook, Amazon, and Google have vast power over our economy and democracy. They’ve bulldozed competition and tilted the playing field in their favor. Time to break up these companies so they don’t have so much power over everyone else.  
Wonder if Bailey can tell us apart. I'm flattered—and the grandkids can't wait to see Captain Marvel! 
Trump's campaign manager, Paul Manafort, commits bank and tax fraud and gets 47 months. A homeless man, Fate Winslow, helped sell $20 of pot and got life in prison. The words above the Supreme Court say "Equal Justice Under Law"—when will we start acting like it?
Go Katie! 
Let’s be clear: Banning service-members based on gender identity is unconstitutional. We must keep fighting our hearts out until every trans American is free to be themselves and serve their country without discrimination. 
 executives shower wealthy shareholders with billions of dollars in stock buybacks, while working families in Ohio are left in the cold as the Lordstown factory closes. This is immoral. 
We can’t let the man in the White House use the pardon power to let his buddies off scot-free. If I’m elected president, there will be no pardons for anyone implicated in the investigations into Donald Trump. 
Instead of protecting consumers, Kathy Kraninger is gutting the agency’s rule that ensures payday lenders can’t trap borrowers in cycles of debt. We need answers. 
Yesterday under oath, Sec. Nielsen said, “We don’t use cages for children.” That couldn’t be further from the truth.I want to remind everyone of the little children I talked to at a processing center in McAllen, TX and the Port Isabel Detention Center. 
I was happy to get to chat with Donna, a teacher from New Jersey who chipped in to our campaign, and talk about why we’re in this fight together. 
Texas has a special place in my heart, and I’m excited to be heading to Dallas this Sunday. Hope to see you there! RSVP to our organizing event at the in the link below. 
Threats of violence—like those made against Rep. never acceptable. 
If we put workers in corporate boardrooms where the real decisions are made, we can hold giant companies accountable for their actions, raise wages, and improve working conditions. 
The families targeted by the Trump administration are fleeing violence in their communities and risking everything for a fighting chance in the US for their kids. But when they reach the border, they’re treated like criminals and animals. 
 is wrong. I saw children who had been locked up in cages in a processing center in McAllen, TX—separated from their parents and scared of what would happen next. 
An entire generation is getting crushed by mountains of student loan debt. It’s time we address this head-on. 
Can’t wait to see you all in Long Island City this Friday! RSVP to our organizing event, bring a friend, and let’s do this together. 
Exploring outer space: That’s what girls do.  
Before we had Bailey, Bruce and I had Otis. There’s something about a dog that just grounds you in life. 
I'm not afraid to fight—even with my friends sometimes—to hold Wall Street accountable, protect consumers, and create an economy that works for everyone. 
Laissez les bons temps rouler! Hope the people of Louisiana are having a happy and safe 
 What's one way we can close the wage gap? Building collective power by unionizing! 
The proposed merger between and could strangle competition in the telecom industry. Small businesses, entrepreneurs, and working families get hurt when power is concentrated in a handful of giant companies.
Things that reek of corruption: Trying to butter up the president by spending lots of money at his hotels so his administration is more likely to approve a giant telecom merger. 
I’m honored to call you my friend, Bruce and I are keeping you and your family in our prayers and sending all our love, strength, and support. 
If you agree it’s time for:✅  housing for communities of color✅  on the richest 0.1% of AmericansThen join our grassroots fight. 
The headline says it all.  
I talked with the other day about how I helped President Obama create the agency that has forced big banks to return an estimated $12 billion to the people. That’s the type of big, structural change our country needs. 
We need big, systemic change—in Iowa and across the country. If we do that, we start to shift what our economy looks like. 
This fight isn’t about me. It’s about the big, structural changes we can make for our kids’ futures. 
We’ve learned that nickels spent on early education for our little ones pay off many, many times over throughout the years.  
Iowans are huggers, and I’m glad I got a LOT of hugs this weekend. RSVP to one of our next organizing events and come say hello!  
We can keep America safe without stretching the Constitution beyond recognition to justify endless wars. It’s time to review our military commitments overseas—and that includes bringing US troops home. 
Thanks for contributing, We’re going to do this together. 
My heart breaks for the victims of the Alabama tornado and their families. I’m thinking of their community today and thankful for the Lee County first responders for keeping people safe. 
I’m running my campaign differently. I don’t take money from PACs, lobbyists, or billionaires who want to buy my time. This is an equal-access campaign and it starts with you. Chip in what you can afford and join our fight. 
America’s trade policy should help small businesses and family farms—not giant corporations. Let’s turn that around. 
My campaign finance rules for the Democratic primary:❌No PAC money❌No federal lobbyist money❌No special access for wealthy donors❌No asking billionaires to start a Super PACI challenge every other candidate to do the same thing. 
Stay safe, Massachusetts. 
I’ve just launched my campaign for President, and I could use your support. Say you’re all in and get a free sticker.
When I first ran for the U.S. Senate, there were a lot of people who said I couldn’t win. But we built a grassroots movement and proved them wrong. Now I’m running for President, and I need to know you’re all in. Sign up now -- we’ll send you a free sticker to say thanks.
I’m running for President to make democracy work for all of us. I’m so grateful to have had your support before, and I hope you’ll help me fight again. If you’re all in, then sign up and say so today. You’ll get a free sticker as our way of saying thanks.
I’m running for President to make democracy work for all of us. I’m so grateful to have had your support before, and I hope you’ll help me fight again. If you’re all in, then donate and own a piece of this movement. You’ll get a free sticker as our way of saying thanks.
 is a big, structural change that I’m fighting to make a reality. An army of lobbyists and giant insurance companies might think they can stop us—but boy are they wrong. 
The man in the White House always wants to be the center of attention. I say it's time to turn the spotlight off. 
Our democracy is stronger when every voice is represented on the ballot. I support the Party's fight to protect New York's fusion voting system.
Love today!  
Today, we honor the bravery and strength of the civil rights leaders who marched across Edmund Pettus Bridge on  54 years later, voter suppression is still very real. We must fight to overturn every last voter suppression law that keeps people of color from voting.
 So excited to see Senator out supporting this key  Dems special election. Go 
I’ve been on the road in Iowa for the past 2 days—talking to people at organizing events, coffees, and house parties about how we’ll make big, structural change—and a memory kept popping up in my head about how I decided to run for office for the 1st time. 
 The CFPB was once an idea in head and now is a real government watchdog. Despite attempts by
 
We can’t afford to just tinker around the edges—a tax credit here, a regulation there. Our fight is for big, structural change. Thank you, Waterloo! 
Without child care, millions of American families would sink. I know because that's what almost sank me. This story is part of my heart – and it's a big reason why I'm fighting for  
My grandkids make me feel like the luckiest Gammy in the world. I was tickled to have them with me in Los Angeles last weekend! 
I love having my guy on the campaign trail with me. 
For generations, it was official government policy to redline neighborhoods to prevent African Americans from owning homes. Many communities never recovered. My housing bill is a step towards rectifying the wrongs of the past. 
Dubuque is a terrific city. The people I met are determined and ready to get in this fight all the way. Let’s go! 
 Here’s a clip of Elizabeth Warren explaining how she spent her money in her 2018 senate race helping out down-ballot ca…
 Elizabeth Warren encourages Iowans to press Dems on fundraising practices: “You can influence this right now. We can as…
The biggest threat right now: Donald Trump, or the next president, using the pardon power to cover up ; permanently excuse wrongdoings. Add your name if you agree: No pardons or commutations for anyone implicated in investigations related to Donald Trump. 
Dubuque, Elkader, Decorah, Waterloo: I’m so glad to be here in Iowa today and Saturday! Join me at an event this weekend: 
When I meet a little girl on the campaign trail, I take her pinky and say: “I’m running for president, because that’s what girls do.” This  I’m celebrating every woman who wakes up ready to fight to make life better for all the girls who’ll come after us. 
The young Democrats that I met were smart, determined, and they had the type of energy that’s going to change the world. I’m glad to be heading back to Iowa today! 
Here’s the deal: Health care is a right for all, not a privilege for a few. We need  and we need it now.
I’m jazzed up to be in Iowa again this weekend. See you soon! 
In 28 states across the country, child care costs more than tuition at the state university. I told the crowd in Los Angeles: That isn’t right, and we can do something about it. 
Corruption—in Israel, in the US, or anywhere else—is a cancer that threatens democracy. We need to fight back. And we can start by having the courage to call it out wherever it occurs. Even among our allies. Especially here at home. 
First embracing right-wing extremism. Now manipulating a free press, accepting bribes, and trading government favors. The allegations against Prime Minister Netanyahu are serious and cut to the heart of a functioning democracy. 
My friend is our first African American congresswoman in Massachusetts. Ayanna has been our champion for women and families here in Boston for years—and now she’s showing the world that   
We’re building our campaign one grassroots donation at a time. Tonight’s our first monthly fundraising deadline since I announced that I’m running for president — will you make a donation of $3, or whatever you can, to own a piece of this movement? 
The Trump era is awash with corruption—and yesterday made that perfectly clear. If I’m elected President of the United States, there will be no pardons for anyone implicated in these investigations. 
Yup. Deal me in. 
About 8 years ago, Bruce and I met a young man who I remember to this day. His words still give me goosebumps. 
Voter suppression is real – just look at the corruption in Georgia during the 2018 election. We need to overturn every last voter suppression law that keeps people of color from voting, and we need a constitutional amendment guaranteeing the right to vote for everyone. 
Tonight, I’m calling people all across the country including Joe, a graduate student from Iowa who chipped in $25. 
Today proved – once again – that the Trump administration is the most nakedly corrupt leadership this nation has seen in our lifetimes.  
Donald Trump shouldn’t use his power to shield his friends from justice. And the next President shouldn’t protect them, either. Or him. 
Let me be perfectly clear: If I’m elected President, there will be no pardons for anyone implicated in the investigations around Donald Trump. Everyone who might succeed him as president should adopt the same policy, starting with Vice President Pence. Add your name if you agree.
Who has Trump helped with the pardon power? Right-wing cronies and political allies. Trump shouldn’t use his power to shield his friends from justice. And the next President shouldn’t protect them, either. If you agree that we need to respect the rule of law, sign our petition.
If I’m elected President, there will be no pardons for anyone implicated in the investigations around Donald Trump. Everyone who might succeed him as president should adopt the same policy -- starting with Vice President Mike Pence. Sign the petition if you agree.
Let me be clear: If I’m elected President, there will be no pardons for anyone implicated in these investigations — and everyone who might succeed Trump should adopt the same policy, starting with Vice President Add your name if you agree: 
The pardon and clemency powers are supposed to be about granting mercy to the powerless, not immunity for the powerful. The next President should promise: No pardons or commutations for any person implicated as part of a federal criminal investigation related to Donald Trump.
But here’s the biggest threat right now: Donald Trump, or the next President, using the pardon power to cover up and permanently excuse this wrongdoing.
Our criminal justice system is hanging on and doing its job – the truth is coming out – despite unprecedented, relentless, and potentially illegal pressure from Donald Trump and his associates in and out of government.
Donald Trump and his associates are trying to sabotage our criminal justice system. Read my full break-down here: 
34 individuals and 3 companies have been indicted, convicted, or pled guilty. And now Michael Cohen – who’s been involved in everything he’s done for decades including his time in the White House – has confessed to breaking the law on Trump’s behalf.
Michael Cohen, one of Donald Trump’s most trusted advisors, just implicated him in criminal activity while he’s been in the White House. It’s the most descriptive account of illegal acts committed by Donald Trump and the people working for him.
I’m running my campaign on the principle of equal access for anyone who joins it. No fancy receptions or big money fundraisers. Just donate what you can, when you can. And if you get a call from an unknown number, pick up: Because it just might be me calling to say thank you. 
  was killed  seven years ago.All of us owe it to Trayvon to keep fighting for justice – every singl…
My new plan is simple – and the first of its kind in the country. Universal child care. For every family who wants it. Paid for by taxing the ultra-rich 0.1%. Let’s do this.  
Last night I talked to Sophie, a teacher who chipped in $25 to my campaign. Sophie cares a lot about her students and she’s fighting for their futures. I promised her: We’re going to make this work for all our kids. 
Every worker who wants to join a union, who wants to bargain collectively, and who wants their voice heard should have a chance to do that. We’ll all be better off when that happens. 
The Democratic primary is the time when we get to make choices – and make a difference. Democrats deserve a chance to choose a nominee whose time is not for sale to people who can write big checks. 
Jeannie is a nurse who watched me on tonight – and then chipped in to our campaign! She told me that she got in this fight to protect our environment and level the playing field. I’m glad to have her on our team. 
I loved talking to John about my plan to put workers on corporate boards so that they have a say. He just contributed to our campaign, and now he’s in this fight all the way! 
Thank you for chipping in, Annette! (If you get a call from an unlisted number tonight, pick up, because it just might be a call from me). 
We’re gonna build a country that lives up to its best values, and Beth's grassroots donation is going to help make that happen. Thank you so much, Beth, and keep fighting! 
Remember: I'll be calling some grassroots supporters tonight. Chip in right now, and you might be getting a phone call from me within an hour! 
As a candidate for president, the expectation is you make hours of calls with wealthy donors a week, and attend dozens of exclusive events every quarter. I told I’m saying no to that. This is an equal access campaign for everyone who wants to be part of it. 
In just a few minutes, you can catch me on on See you soon,
We shouldn’t be denying our kids the kind of care and early learning they need to fulfill their potential.  
I’ll be on tonight at 8:00 PM ET to discuss my announcement about how my time is not for sale. I hope you’ll tune in.
Big Pharma executives need to be held accountable for the opioid crisis that’s squeezing our country. My new bill with Rep. Elijah Cummings does just that – and provides communities with the resources they need to tackle the epidemic head on. 
Couldn’t explain it better myself, That’s why and I proposed the Affordable Drug Manufacturing Act – a plan to bring competition to the generic drug market by publicly manufacturing generic drugs. 
 Elizabeth Warren is right — rejecting corporate PAC money alone is far too low a bar to qualify as progressive in 2020. We…
Woo-hoo! Congratulations to Massachusetts’ own on her history-making Best Costume Design  win for  last night. 
When I first ran for Senate, we had a t-shirt naming contest. The winner was, “The Best Senator Money Can’t Buy.” Today we announced that our presidential campaign will run on that same principle of equal access – ; we brought back the shirt, with a twist.  
 Sen. Elizabeth Warren's campaign will shun fundraising through some of the old-fashioned means: dinners, donor calls and cock…
 Sen. Elizabeth Warren is laying down a new rule for her presidential campaign: No fundraisers, dinners, receptions or phone calls…
With two words, made history – and made room for generations of survivors to share their stories.  
Make a donation – of any amount – and know that no matter what you’re able to contribute, you’ll be on equal footing with every single other donor to this campaign. 
But I believe the biggest risk in this election is failing to empower the millions of people who feel the squeeze of an economy rigged against them and the deep frustration of a failing political system that produced Donald Trump in the first place. So let’s change it.
There are some Democrats who are so deeply afraid of losing to Donald Trump that they don’t want to risk saying or doing anything different at all. Even if they agree that we need big, structural change, they see challenging the status quo as an electoral risk.
If we build our campaign person to person, town to town, all across this country, it means we’ll win up and down the ballot in 2020. And we’ll have the power to make big, structural changes in 2021. 
On our campaign, there’ll be no event you’ll be excluded from because you can’t afford it, and no better seats or 1:1 time with me at events if you can. What you donate shouldn’t determine the amount of time you get to spend with a candidate. My plan: 
It’s been estimated that up to 70% of a congressional candidate’s time is spent with potential wealthy donors. It’s safe to assume that goes for presidential campaigns too, and presidential donors are disproportionately white, male, and wealthy. We have to do things differently.
Let’s call out something that usually goes unspoken: Presidential candidates spend way too much time with wealthy donors. For every time you see a presidential candidate talking with voters, they’re spending three or four times as long with wealthy donors behind closed doors.
I’ve already said that I'll run my campaign differently – no Washington lobbyist money, no dark money, no super PACs. But today, I’m going further. My presidential primary campaign will be run on the principle of equal access for anybody who joins it.
After losing their children to gun violence, the Mothers of the Movement (including my friend Rep. are some of the most powerful voices in the fight for racial justice and  Their stories of pain and persistence inspire us.  
We are going to build a primary campaign based on ideas and principles – not money and access. Tomorrow I’m making a big announcement about how we’re going to do just that. 
 Elizabeth Warren’s ambitious $700 billion proposal for universal child care would make it so that no family spends more than 7…
 Sen. Elizabeth Warren campaigns in Laconia, NH: "If we can knock back the influence of the lobbyists and the bought-and paid-f…
In Denver, Los Angeles – and now in Oakland – our teachers are coming together and making their voices heard. I stand with teachers in their fight for fair pay and more resources.  
 Sen. demands answers from the Trump admin. after a CNN report shows how US weapons given to allies, ended up in t…
I believe in science. And anyone who doesn’t has no business making decisions about our environment. 
I believe in an America of opportunity – and the people of New Hampshire do, too. 
Our intelligence community told us again and again: The  was working to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. If Iran continues to abide by the terms of the deal, you bet I will support returning to it. 
We won’t go back on women’s health care and rights. Not now, not ever. No matter what the Trump administration does to try and control women’s bodies.  
I believe them. 
Child care should be a fundamental right. Period. Here’s how my  plan would make that a reality. 
 Sounds like really want a  Lots of applause for tonight at the McIntyre-Shaheen dinner…
More proof that Donald Trump’s  was a big fat lie. Wages for workers barely budge, while corporate profits soar. It’s time to give workers a raise. 
 "If the Republicans are going to try to block us on key pieces that we're trying to move forward, then you better belie…
Thanks again for having me, You can listen to my full interview with now. 
 “I am so tired of hearing what the richest country on the face of this Earth just can’t afford to do.” 
1. Stop subsidizing fossil fuel companies2. Put that money into green energyI’m in all the way for a  
If there were ever a moment in history that proved we need more women in leadership roles, it's now. Women understand why it matters to fight for the underdog. And we're not afraid of a fight – not even the hard ones. 
In 1960, when it was legal to discriminate against families of color, the gap between white and black families' homeownership rates was 27%. Today, that gap is 30% – bigger than it was when housing discrimination was actually legal.Race matters – and we need to call it out.
From leading to carrying on her family’s legacy of racial justice and equality, is a messenger of peace. She inspires me – and the world – to act with love and reject hate.  
I talked to on about why we need to let Robert Mueller finish his investigation – on his own terms – and release his full report. 
Happy Birthday to my friend and a true American hero, Rep. John Lewis. John inspires us all to fight for what’s right – no matter how hard that fight may be. I’m honored to make  alongside you. 
My big chance was a commuter college that cost $50 a semester. Today, America has saddled our young people with $1.5 trillion of student loan debt. We’re crushing an entire generation – and we need to stop before it’s too late.
My new  plan is a win-win-win. ✅Great for parents✅Great for kids✅Great for the economy 
Let’s be clear: there is no “emergency” down at our border. The people of Lawrenceville, GA agreed – immigration makes our country stronger, not weaker. 
Our candidates should be held to the highest standards of accountability. That’s why I proposed a plan to  That's why I put 10 years of my tax returns online. And that's why our movement is powered by grassroots supporters – not federal lobbyists or Super PACs.
A majority of Americans – Democrats and Republicans alike – want the rich and powerful to pay their fair share. A majority of Americans want real, structural change like my  
Last night, I told and that we have a chance for real, structural change in 2020. And that includes my new plan for  
We need  that's high-quality and affordable – no parent should have to choose between breaking the budget or settling for lower-quality care. My new plan would help American families out of that bind. 
 Elizabeth Warren talked universal child care, tattoos with 50 Cent and James Corden 
 "break up with lobbying as we know it, i'm bored." 
Only Mueller should decide when his investigation is complete. And when he's done, the public should see his full report. Not a summary. Full stop.
One of my favorite parts about being on the road is taking pictures (and getting hugs!) from people all across this country. Here's what my first full day in Iowa as a candidate for President of the United States looked like. 
Universal Child Care, my In-N-Out order, and tattoos. Covered a lot of ground on the last night with (and grandkids are jealous I got to meet 
Right now, high-quality child care is a privilege for the rich. I believe it should be a fundamental right for everyone. We need  
 We're excited to see child care as part of the national conversation. Child care is a basic support that helps parents work, give…
 This is great news for working families. You can always count on for progressive plans like Universal Child Care.…
 My mom is my “Aunt Bee” and I couldn’t have run for Congress without her. But not everyone is that lucky. Affordable ch…
Donald Trump’s ridiculous wall isn’t a “national emergency.” But our country’s opioid crisis is. Rep. Elijah and I are proposing big, structural change to fix it. 
In less than an hour, tune in to watch my interview with on 
I was glad to talk with crew today. I’m fighting for big, structural change – and it starts at the grassroots level with all of us fighting together. 
Thanks for having me, It was great to talk with about my 2020 agenda, and I love-love-loved meeting and dogs (don’t tell Bailey). Tune in to Thursday’s episode to hear our conversation. 
 Hard-hitting exchange between and a local Pundit. Full interview out on Thursday's Pod! 
Hope you can stay up to catch me on the with tonight! We'll talk about my new plan for  and more. Tune in to at 12:35 AM ET.
We need real, structural change to protect our environment – and we need it now. 
I remember calling my Aunt Bee and breaking down, telling her between tears that I couldn’t make it work and had to quit my job. Then Aunt Bee said 11 words that changed my life: “I can’t get there tomorrow, but I can come on Thursday.”  
The works around the clock to buy off or bully members of Congress and gut opportunities for real gun reform. I'm not afraid to fight back and I won't take a dime of the NRA’s money. 
Donald Trump's ridiculous "national emergency" is illegal. We need to fight this with everything we’ve got. 
Our kids are our future – but right now, we’re shortchanging them. Add your name to the petition: Every kid aged 0 to 5 in America should have access to high-quality, affordable child care and early learning.  
Under my new plan, we'll:☑️Partner with local providers  to create a network of child care options☑️Put communities in charge ; hold providers to high standards☑️Pay child care ; preschool workers like comparable public school teachers☑️Pay for it with my 
My new plan quadruples the federal investment in child care and early education, and offers high-quality options completely free to millions of families. Every kid in America deserves a fair shot at success.
Child care should be a fundamental right, period. I remember how hard it was to find affordable, high-quality child care for my two kids when I was a working mom – and it's a zillion times harder today. Here’s how my  plan works. 
Another big, structural change we need:  I’m proposing a bold new plan that guarantees high-quality child care and early education for every child in America. It will be free for millions of families, and affordable for everyone. 
This did, too. 
This got a huge applause tonight: 
Watch live as I discuss my  plan. Child care should be a right, not a privilege for the rich.  
I’ll never give up on your kids and grandkids, and I’ll never give up on their futures. That’s a promise. 
This is corruption – plain and simple. When my  bill becomes law, no more side-stepping the rules. It will be illegal for – and everyone else – to go right from the White House to a big lobbying job. 
I stand with the thousands of people across the country who are making their voices heard and fighting the  A fake “national emergency” at the border is fear-mongering of the worst kind – and we’re not falling for it. 
MA-born artist and critic Lorraine O’Grady has broken barriers in an industry dominated by white men. Her powerfully important paintings and performances have paved the way for other African American women artists, and give a voice to the voiceless.  
I’m pretty sure our  Official Good Boy had a great time in Lawrence last weekend. 
It’s time for Democrats to declare who we are. We are the party of the people. We are the party that believes that every kid should get a fighting chance to build a future. We're going to take 2020 as our chance to build a movement and change this country for the better.
Our fight is to change the rules so that our government, our economy, and our democracy work for everyone in Nevada and across the country. 
Just touched down in Las Vegas. See you soon, Nevada! 
Aretha Franklin will always command respect. She defined decades of history – singing at MLK’s funeral and President Obama’s inauguration – and inspires us to keep fighting for civil rights and equality.  
We’re fighting for big, structural change in this country and that includes making real investments in childcare. 
We need to take power away from the wealthy and well-connected and put it back in the hands of the people – in South Carolina, Georgia, and everywhere else. 
Back when I was a kid, a minimum-wage job could support a family of three. Today, a full-time minimum-wage job in America won’t keep a mama and a baby out of poverty. Our movement is about making real, fundamental change to fix this.
Hello, Greenville! Great to be back in South Carolina this morning. 
The  is an abuse of power. Full stop.
Today, at least five people were killed and several first responders were injured in a mass shooting in Aurora, Illinois. I’m heartsick for the victims, their loved ones, and the brave Aurora Police Department. 
Surprise, surprise. Former Secretary resigned in the middle of an ethics investigation. Then he went right through the revolving door to take a job at a lobbying firm founded by Corey Lewandowski. Under my bill to  this would be illegal. 
In her writing and art, Audre Lorde confronted racism, sexism, and violence. She spent her career advocating for communities of color and LGBTQ+ African Americans. Her words fill me with hope for the future: “Revolution is not a one-time event.”  
 No.  
 Trump just declared a  at the border. Trump is going around Congress, the will of the people, ;…
I want to be absolutely clear: this ridiculous wall isn’t a national emergency, and Donald Trump isn’t king. We’ll fight this with everything we’ve got.
Wow – this is fun. What would your version of my  look like? The top 0.1% need to start doing their part for the country that helped make them rich. 
Bailey will be your valentine. 
There are about a zillion reasons why I love my sweetie Bruce, but I wanted to mention one: he’s always been my biggest supporter. Happy Valentine’s Day, Sweetie. I’m very lucky to have you by my side for all of life’s big adventures. 
Our kids are America’s future. I told the crowd in Iowa City: I’m fighting for a government in Washington that will invest in our children and our grandchildren. 
Through arts education, Roxbury’s own Elma Lewis inspired people to realize the power of their voice – even when society was telling them they didn’t matter.  
I’m deeply disappointed that the Senate confirmed William Barr as US Attorney General. I’ll keep fighting to protect the Affordable Care Act and Roe v. Wade – and I’ll do everything I can to ensure that Special Counsel Mueller can do his job without interference. 
Gun violence is an emergency.Climate change is an emergency.Our country's opioid epidemic is an emergency.Donald Trump's ridiculous wall is not an emergency.
I’m glad to hear that can go back to work with fair wages. When we fight, we win. 
My mother was born on February 14, and she loved her special connection to Valentine’s Day. Here’s how I remember her every year. 
I’ve just launched my campaign for President. I’m ready to dream big and fight hard to take back this country, and I hope you are too. Add your name today if you’re with me.
I’ve just launched my campaign for President – are you ready to be a part of this movement? Add your name to join me.
I’ve just launched my campaign for President, and it’s going to be a grassroots movement funded by a grassroots team – not corporate PACs or special interests. Are you ready for this fight? Chip in to own a piece of this campaign.
I’ve just launched my campaign for President, and I could use your support. Are you ready to own a piece of this movement? Chip in to join us.
I’m inspired by the young people who are leading the way, including the brave students from Parkland. If the grown-ups won’t act, they will. 
 Everyone deserves to lead a life that is healthy and free from violence. Why gun violence prevention is a public health issue…
 – one of the wealthiest companies on the planet – just walked away from billions in taxpayer bribes, all because some elected officials in New York aren't sucking up to them enough. How long will we allow giant corporations to hold our democracy hostage? 
I’m tired of hearing that we can’t afford things that address deep problems in our country. It’s just not true. We are the wealthiest nation in the history of the world – of course we can afford to invest in making sure every American has health care. 
 In the year since their friends were killed, the students of Parkland refused to settle for the way things are and marched…
If we work together and demand action, we can prevent more avoidable deaths. Kids shouldn’t have to fear going to school, or be traumatized by lockdown drills, because of the absurd, corrupt reality of our gun laws.   
The has captured the Republican politicians blocking any gun reform are choosing the promise of money, or the threat of withdrawing it, over protecting kids. It’s corrupt, and it’s a moral stain on every one of them. 
There are so many common-sense gun reforms that Americans support. Just a few: ✔️Ban assault weapons ; bump-stocks✔️End the gun show loophole✔️Prevent domestic abusers from legally obtaining gunsBut 1 yr later, Congress hasn’t lifted a finger bc of plain, rancid corruption.
A year ago today, someone intent on doing harm was able to murder 17 students and teachers in Parkland because they had a military-grade gun. We grieve with victims’ families. And we fight alongside the Parkland students to fix our laws. 
Cedar Rapids – all I can say is, wow! This grassroots movement is about all of us fighting together, and after last weekend I know we’re off to a great start. 
I put the past 10 years of my federal tax returns online. And now I’m calling on every other candidate for President to do exactly the same thing. Add your name to our petition calling on all 2020 presidential candidates to put their taxes online. 
Two years ago, I voted against Under his watch, our country’s response to  was a total failure. Then he used taxpayer money at to pay for personal travel. It was corruption, plain and simple. I'm glad he's resigning
 fight is our fight. Every day, teachers open up new possibilities for their students. They deserve fair pay.  
My  bill is less than a page long. I believe it’s pretty simple: No President – Republican or Democrat – should start a nuclear war. 
Roger is a person of deep integrity, someone who always tells the truth and who never makes a promise that he doesn’t keep. I'm grateful and honored to have him in this fight. 
It’s not equal justice when a kid with an ounce of pot can get thrown in jail, while a bank executive who launders money for a drug cartel can get a bonus. We need reform. 
Teachers spend years and years working hard and studying so they can do something good in the world. Obviously, this guy wouldn't know anything about that. 
This stinks like a pile of old fish. Under my bill to  a former lobbyist like David Bernhardt wouldn't be allowed to run the and pad the pockets of his former clients. 
Running for President: that's what girls do. 
This is what a first day on a presidential campaign looks like (in 30 seconds). 
On Saturday in Lawrence, we came together – ready to raise our voices together until this fight is won. This is our moment in history, the moment we are called to.  
 If you must travel during  this afternoon, clear snow off your vehicle, maintain a safe distance, take it slow, give yo…
Unions built the middle class, and unions will rebuild the middle class. I had a great discussion with about how we can level the playing field for workers in Davenport, Iowa and across the country. 
Corruption is a cancer on our democracy. And we will only get rid of it with strong medicine – with real, structural reform.  
They should be afraid. I want an economy that works for everyone, not just Wall Street bankers and their rich friends. And I believe top executives should go to jail when they break the law, just like anyone else. 
The path to economic security is steep and rocky for millions of working people, and it is steeper and rockier for black and brown Americans. We won't be a party to perpetuating discrimination for another generation. This has to be called out. We need structural change.  
I’m with all the way. I stand in solidarity with the teachers who are fighting to get the pay they deserve. 
These guys make my heart happy. 
Everyone should have a shot at the American dream – and that means fighting for a   an  and a whole lot more. Read my speech from Saturday if you haven’t already. 
Thank you to everyone who joined us in Dover, NH on Saturday! We had a great conversation about how we can level the playing field for working people. 
Facts! 
Joycelyn Elders served as our country’s first African American Surgeon General. She grew up attending a segregated school, before joining the Army ; earning her MD. She is a groundbreaking advocate for women’s health ; access to health care.  
I just took a big step – I’m running for President. I’m deeply inspired by the energy of our grassroots movement and I’m ready for this fight. You can watch my entire speech here. 
More than 300 people in Davenport, Iowa were willing to miss the first part of the  to talk about raising wages and strengthening unions. I love Iowa. 
Watch out, this one moves fast. SECOND selfie line of the day. Thank you, Iowa City! 
I was glad to meet so many energized people in Iowa City today. They were ready to dream big, fight hard, and win. And that’s exactly what we’re gonna do. 
 Just reading some tweets in the car. 
Thanks to the hundreds who braved the snow in Cedar Rapids, Iowa this morning!  
First full day as a presidential candidate – first selfie line as one. Thank you, Cedar Rapids! 
Yesterday I made a big announcement: I’m running for President. Our fight is for big, structural change – and this is the fight of our lives. I hope you'll join us. 
Billionaire CEOs can’t shut us up. Donald Trump can’t shut us up. The GOP can’t shut us up. Here’s what I say to them: We’re just getting started. We’re building a grassroots movement to level the playing field. Sign up ; be a part of this. 
Melnea Cass, the “First Lady of Roxbury," was a beloved leader of MA's civil rights fight – registering voters, protesting racist hiring practices, fighting education inequality, ; leading the  
I’m deeply grateful for everyone who made our announcement in Lawrence so incredible. This grassroots movement will put power back in the hands of the people – where it belongs. 
We had a terrific crowd of people in Dover, NH who are ready to get organized, build a movement, and make big, structural change. 
This campaign is fueled by small donors and people ready to roll up their sleeves and get in this fight. Lauren is one of those people, and I got to surprise her in Dover today. 
We fight side by side, and that’s how we’ll make big, structural change. Here’s my full speech from today in Lawrence:  
Thank you, Lawrence – and thank you all for being a part of this special day! Let's dream big, fight hard, and get to work to build a future for all of our kids.  
We're building a grassroots movement to give the power back to the people. We're dreaming big, fighting hard – and we're just getting started.  
I believe in an America of opportunity. My daddy ended up as a janitor, but his little girl got the chance to be a public school teacher, a college professor, a United States Senator – and a candidate for President of the United States.  
People said it would be “too hard” to build the and stop big banks from cheating Americans. They said it would be “too hard” for a woman Senator to be elected in MA. They were wrong.  
Real, fundamental change in America will be hard. There are a lot of people out there with money and power who will try to stop us. Here’s what I say to them: 
We come from different backgrounds. Different religions. Different languages. Different experiences. We have different dreams. Today, we come together— ready to raise our voices together until this fight is won. We’re all in the fight to build an America that works for everyone. 
More than 50 years ago, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. went to Montgomery and warned us about the danger of division. That playbook has been around forever. The rich and powerful use fear to divide us. We’re done with that. Bigotry has no place in the Oval Office.
I believe real democracy requires equal justice under law. It’s not equal justice when African Americans are more likely than whites to be arrested, more likely to be charged, more likely to be convicted, and more likely to be sentenced.No more.
Let’s be clear: I won't take a dime of PAC money in this campaign. I won't take a single check from a federal lobbyist, or billionaires who want to run a Super PAC on my behalf.  And I challenge every other candidate who asks for your vote in this primary to do the same.
Our fight is to change the rules so that our government works for everyone. That means: ✔️A  housing✔️ childcare✔️Student loan relief✔️Overturning Citizens United
 if you agree: We need real tax reform in this country.My  would make the richest tippy-top 0.1% of Americans start doing their part for the country that helped make them rich.
Time to change the rules to put more economic power in the hands of the American people – workers and small businesses. We need to put power back in the hands of workers, and take on Wall Street so that the big banks can never again threaten the security of our economy. 
We need to  in Washington. Let’s ✅Close the revolving door between Wall Street and Washington✅End lobbying as we know it✅Ban foreign governments from hiring lobbyists in Washington✅Fix the Swiss cheese definition of “lobbyist"
America’s middle class has been deliberately hollowed out. The richest, most powerful people in America lobbied Washington and paid off politicians to tilt the system. And year by year, bit by bit, more of the wealth and opportunity went to the people at the very top.
I grew up in Oklahoma, on the ragged edge of the middle class. When my daddy had a heart attack, my family nearly tumbled over the financial cliff. But we didn’t. My mother’s minimum-wage job answering phones at Sears saved our house, and saved our family.
This is the fight of our lives. The fight to build an America where dreams are possible, an America that works for everyone. I am in that fight all the way.And that is why I’m in Lawrence, MA today: to declare that I am a candidate for President of the United States of America.
"This country needs a leader who will restore the solidarity that Donald Trump stole. Who won’t cower from the big, tough battles, from the ugly injustice and oppression that still finds its way to American soil." –Rep.  
"Before there was an editorial every day lamenting economic inequity, Elizabeth Warren knew that stock prices don’t tell a full account of our country’s economic story. Medical bankruptcies and foreclosures and paychecks are part of that story, too." –Rep.  
"I am so thrilled to help introduce the next President of the United States – Elizabeth Warren!" –Rep. 
Here we go. Tune in!  
“I’ve been in Congress for a while now, and no one knows how to fight for what is right better than Elizabeth Warren. We will always have her back, because she will always have our back when she is in the White House." –Senator  
"Elizabeth Warren knows that dreams are worth fighting for. And that is exactly what I’ve seen her do in the US Senate. For six years, she has been fighting in the trenches for what is right for the people of MA and the entire country." –Senator  
“We could count on a President Warren to wake up each and every day and put the needs of the American people at the forefront of our policy debates and enact real, enduring, and significant change.” –Rep.  
“It is clear to me that we need to fundamentally reorient our economy around helping hardworking families, like the one I grew up in, get ahead. To do this we need a champion in the White House – a champion like Elizabeth Warren.” –Rep.  
"We’ve seen Elizabeth Warren bring bold ideas that ignite the grassroots before. We’ve seen her win and then turn the platform into a foundation for changing the system together." –Boston City Councilor  
“We want bold ideas to fix the deep problems facing our generation. And we’re ready to fight for it. When you look for bold leadership for America, you don’t need to look further than Massachusetts for our Senator.” –Boston City Councilor  
 Backstage in Lawrence getting ready for  
In just a few minutes, I'm making a big announcement about my 2020 plans. Tune in live from Lawrence, MA!   
“Here's what I love about Senator Warren. She doesn't just fight. She wins!” –Sheriff Steve Tompkins  
“That fight calls for a battle-tested champion. A champion that does not wilt when the going gets tough. That fight calls for Senator Elizabeth Warren.” –Sheriff Steve Tompkins
“Elizabeth will fight to tip the scales back into the working families favor. She sees immigrants for what we are: the backbone of America.” –Lawrence Mayor 
"Here’s the truth: to make that dream a reality, we need a friend ; partner in the White House. And that’s Elizabeth Warren." –Lawrence Mayor 
“We are so excited to be here this morning to fight for someone who has and will continue to fight for all of us: Senator Elizabeth Warren.” –Lawrence Mayor 
I’ve just launched my campaign for president, and it’s going to be a grassroots movement funded by a grassroots team – not Super PACs or big corporations. Are you ready for this fight? Chip in to own a piece of this campaign.
I’ve just launched my campaign for president, and it’s going to be a grassroots movement funded by a grassroots team – not Super PACs or big corporations. Are you ready for this fight? Chip in to own a piece of this campaign.
I’ve just launched my campaign for president – are you ready to be a part of this movement? Add your name to join me.
I’ve just launched my campaign for president – are you ready to be a part of this movement? Add your name to join me.
I’ve just launched my campaign for president. I’m ready to dream big and fight hard to take back this country, and I hope you are too. Add your name today if you’re with me.
I’ve just launched my campaign for president. I’m ready to dream big and fight hard to take back this country, and I hope you are too. Add your name today if you’re with me.
Let's do this.  
Lawrence, MA is a diverse and vibrant community with a strong history of working hard and fighting back. I'm happy to share that story with you today. 
Driving up to Lawrence! Me and my guys are in here, and my whole family is in a car behind us. Tune in live to join us in less than an hour. 
Woo-hoo! My whole family is here. We're getting ready to pile in a few cars and head up to Lawrence. I hope you'll tune in live in just a few hours. 
Today's the day!  
Taking a big step tomorrow, and thinking about another big moment that changed how I think about this fight. 
Can’t join us in person in Lawrence? Sign up for updates on how you can watch our big event live tomorrow from wherever you are: 
The majority of Americans – Democrats, Republicans, and independents – support my  plan to start rebuilding our middle class. People are tired of a government that only works for the rich and powerful. 
