 Absolutely.
This is what diversity does not look like. And the issue is not just external; it’s a  diversity of attitudes, of perspective, of mindset that’s so lacking...and so dangerous. That is what needs to change. 
There’s a place where dysfunctional turns into malfunctional, and it’s malfunctional at this point for any major power to refuse to make reversing climate change its number one priority. We need a WW2 level mass mobilization to address the emergency in our midst 
Underserved, at risk, chronically traumatized children form a huge sea of invisible suffering. They’re visible to teachers, parents ; to each other. But to our governmental and economic officialdom they remain unseen. This won’t change until we change it. 
 Why do Moms support Marianne?Because she tells big truths: "I want to say to those politicians, 'Why are there so man…
 They existed before they didn’t exist:)
21stC mindset different than 20th. There’s realization that either we will evolve into a higher level of compassion for everyone, or in time there will be no one left. Warmongers, climate change deniers, fossil fuel extractors, capitalists without conscience - they are dinosaurs.
This is not just about Iran ; not just about Trump. It's about the state of our humanity and the state of our Constitution. The Founders made it very clear that one person alone should NOT have the power to wage war; that's why Congressional approval is called for. Drop the AUMF!
Gratifying to see a Senator rise above party and simply do what's right for his country. Republican  will vote for the Senate version of the War Powers Resolution tomorrow. Good on you, Senator. 
Call your House Rep. and say VOTE YES on Pelosi's War Powers Resolution that would require Pres. Trump to get Congressional approval for military action against Iran. Hurry! The vote is Thursday .
“We have a power inside us more powerful than bullets.” - Martin Luther King Jr. Here is my GMA podcast on Journeys of Faith and how Love will overcome Trumpism 
Money in politics is the cancer underlying all the others. The only way to heal it is thru public funding of federal campaigns plus a constitutional amendment. Til then, health insurance, big Pharma, gun manufacturers, oil ; gas, food, chem ; defense contractors run this country.
I heard the Dalai Lama say that a British physicist had told him, “Every nation should view every other nation as a domestic partner.” That one small shift in thinking changes everything.
 I think that’s true. As individuals we’re a good and decent people. But our public policy too often does not reflect our goodness or our decency. It too often reflects the financial interests of a donor class. And that’s why politics matters.
America’s most important ally should be humanity itself. Our species will not survive another 100 years if we don’t move from a competitive to a cooperative mode of existence. “Me first” is an obsolete, unsustainable perspective.
 We did not “give” them money. We unfroze money that was theirs.
The U.S. toughened economic sanctions as we withdrew from Iran Nuclear Deal ; Trump says we’ll now toughen them further. Sanctions punish the Iranian people, not their govt. People can’t get medicine they need, feed their children or meet their basic needs 
Increased sanctions are a form of economic violence; they’re a way to continue hostilities without doing so militarily. They will be responded to. The president’s speech does not represent mutual de-escalation. We didn’t go over the cliff but neither did we pull away from it.
“People whose lives are not on fire are structurally incentivized to not see fire." - Colson Lin
This article by Colson Lin is long and takes effort to digest, but it’s well worth reading. A brilliant analysis of where we are today. 
Iran claims their attack was proportionate and they don’t seek escalation of hostilities. Both sides have now warned the other not to retaliate. One admin official says it’s time for “patience ; restraint.” Let’s hope that’s the kind of voice in the administration that prevails.
Iran has in essence said the following to the U.S.: “Do you want to stop it right here? We can do that. But if you don’t – if you dare to retaliate to what we just did – then we will hit Dubai, we will hit Israel, we will be battle ready.” 
I’m looking forward to returning to Exeter, New Hampshire, on Saturday, January 11. I’ll be speaking at Water Street Bookstore, 125 Water St., at 4 PM. Everyone is welcome. Details Here.  
Iranian rocket attacks on U.S.bases in Iraq. Prayers for safety of all military personnel. Prayers for wisdom for all governmental personnel. Prayers for peace for all the world. 
Puerto Rico should receive every bit of assistance they need in the follow-up to the earthquake. They were underserved after the hurricane and that must not happen again. Support for Puerto Rico should be on our hearts AND on our ledger sheet now. 
I hope you'll join me in Manchester, NH on Sunday, January 12th at See  for details. 
“We can get more insight now from Carl Jung than from Karl Rove. Where he’s coming from, and what he elicits in others, is not on the level of the intellectual but on the level of the deeply emotional.” From my blog today on how to win in 2020 
 Shameful, dangerous comment. We're in trouble as a nation when an ex-Governor and UN Ambassador would say something so dishonest, Nikki Haley. I've rarely agreed with your politics but I've always before respected you as a person. It demeans everyone when politicians go low.
I’m looking forward to speaking at the Faith, Politics and the Common Good ~ Presidential Forum on Thursday, January 9. Takes place in Des Moines, Iowa, 7PM. Details Here:  
"I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones." - Albert Einstein
“In endlessly preparing for war, we increase the possibility that we will go to war. The system is literally geared up for it. Only when we proactively prepare for peace, will we begin to manifest peace.”
If only Democratic ; Republican leaders would get together with no sense of personal ill will toward the president but with deep concern that his current behavior is literally threatening the stability of the world, ; take the scissors out of his hands the way they would a child.
“I have seen war. I have seen war on land and sea. I have seen blood running from the wounded. I have seen the dead in the mud. I have seen cities destroyed. I have seen children starving. I have seen the agony of mothers and wives. I hate war.” - FDR  
“Congress should act immediately, on an emergency basis, to limit the president’s power to take military action against Iran. Such outsized power should never have been been in his hands to begin with...” 
I’m speaking in Manchester, New Hampshire, tomorrow! Join me at 5pm.. 
 Posted separately
Things are happening fast... all of us should be in the conversation. 
One of the reasons we’re in this mess is because average Americans started farming out our thinking on matters of war and peace to people too much under the influence of those who profit from it. Start taking back your power. Follow closely what’s going on.
What is happening with Iran is  the inevitable consequence of a reactive rather than generative politics, action taken with no deep thought of effects to follow. Iran now says it’s ending all commitments to the 2015 nuclear deal and will no longer limit its enrichment of uranium.
Just in case you’re wondering, no none of this is normal. Nor should we allow lawless behavior to become the new normal. There’s nothing about what’s going on these days that any of us should “get used to.” There are things to which the healthiest response is “No this is not OK.”
Trump leads with Mafioso tactics for which he was famous in Atlantic City, exposed in the Ukraine ; now threatening to the world in his current dealings with Iran. This is someone whose childish immature temperament could lead us into WW3. So! Congress! Repubs? Dems? Anyone home?
The president has threatened to target one of 52 sites in Iran - including ancient cultural sites of incalculable value - should the Iranians retaliate in any way for Soleimani’s assassination. Expecting Iran to go, “Oh, okaaay” is ludicrous.
I was in CNN New Day Weekend this morning, talking about ideas that matter...
 CNN New Day Weekend
I’ll be appearing on CNN New Day this morning.
I’m not romanticizing American capitalism or American govt before the 1980s, but I can honestly tell you this: America wasn’t always the good guy but there was a general consensus we were supposed to be. When we weren’t, we were mentally healthy enough to hang our heads in shame.
 Give me a break.
“Not enough Americans hate war today.” 
I visited New Hampshire in June and posted this. So glad the conversation is getting out there...
In the defense bill passed recently by the House of Representatives, an amendment to clean up PFAS contamination was left out at the last minute. Why? Because the Pentagon, chemical companies are among the biggest sources of contamination.
Bernie is right about this. I would as well. I’ve been talking from the beginning of the campaign about contaminants in drinking water being one of the primary reasons for our high level of chronic illness, and PFAS is among the worst. 
With power comes not only rights but responsibility. It’s easier sometimes to farm out to others the job of thinking an issue through, surrendering the burden of free thought and letting others do our thinking for us. Don’t do that now, though! The purveyors of war are seductive.
Trump says "Qasem Soleimani has been killed and his bloody rampage is forever gone.” Nothing could be further from the truth. Iran has vowed revenge will promote others to replace him. One rampage over, a new one possibly more vicious now begun. The cycle of violence continues.
 You’re probably right that there were imminent attacks, but killing Soleimani did not stop them! It only ensures there will be more. (“Do some homework. Get your facts...”)
January 3rd - On the U.S. and Iran - Marianne Williamson 
Trump says “We took action last night to stop a war.” That’s clearly absurd. What he did last night is more likely to start a war. Hard to imagine who was advising him; maybe he acted unilaterally ; impulsively. Whichever it was, may the world be protected from his recklessness.
The president says he didn’t order the killing of Solmeini to start a war. That’s like somebody saying  they didn’t cheat on their spouse to start a divorce. 🤦🏻‍♀️
 That’s too bad, because the power in this country supposed to belong to the people. Abdicating our best thinking to others is what has led us into such catastrophic military misadventures.
Beware thinking only Establishment forces are “qualified” to talk about war! Gen. Powell, Cheney ; Rumsfeld all “qualified” and led us into the war in Iraq. Btw, more women and children died in wars in the 20th century then did military combatants. Damn right we’re qualified.
My statement on the US and Iran 
I will be doing a video update on the Iran situation today. Stay tuned...
Use truth to counter war fever. When govt says Solmeini was responsible for American deaths in Iraq, ask how many American deaths WE’RE responsible for. When they say he was planning an eminent attack? By all means thwart the attack! Killing him only means new ones now on the way
 proposed 2 amendments to reauthorization of NDAA; both were stripped. They would have limited Trump’s ability to act militarily against Iran. The fault isn’t only Trump’s; responsibility lies with Congress too. It’s had 3 yrs to limit his power to do something like this
 Neither of those things is correct.
Thank you, Andrew. I appreciate you too 🇺🇸 
 tried to block Trump’s power to take military action against Iran, but his amendments were stripped from NDAA negotiation.The NDAA is an absurd abdication of Congressional authority on the part of Congress. And the House is in the hands of the Democrats?? It’s shameful.
 Well put, unfortunately.
 Dedicate your life to changing it. We’re not the first generation to have to rise up at a dangerous time. Others did what they had to do and we can too. Let’s not be known some day as the wimpy generation who couldn’t quite get it together. Others had to have felt desperate too.
The NDAA is why there’s no limit whatsoever to Trump’s ability to take military action against Iran. A sweeter give away to the military-industrial-complex could not exist. A sure sign of who and what runs American foreign policy.
The Constitution says  Congressional approval is necessary to declare war. But since 9/11 Congress has passed and regularly reauthorizes the National Defense Authorization Act, which gives the president broad authority to do whatever he thinks is necessary to “fight terrorism.”
There are sophisticated, smart, wise leaders in the American defense establishment who know their job now is to protect us from the recklessness of our president. In both American and Iranian power centers, there are people who know that war would be disastrous; may they prevail.
 Why? Because our national security team, dominated as they are by the military-industrial-complex, has this under control...right.? The days of American women sitting this stuff out are OVER.
 No you didn’t.
This isn't about whether Soleimani was a "good man" any more than it was about whether Saddam was a good man. It's about smart versus stupid use of military power. Invading Iraq was criminally irresponsible ; tweets like this about Iran are from the same crowd, the same insanity. 
Prayers for peace. Killing of Qasem Solemani by US military was one of the most reckless irresponsible actions ever directed by a US President. Congress deserves condemnation for allowing it (NDAA) and Americans need to understand this: War with Iran would be totally disastrous.
 Maybe I missed it. Somebody else talking about a Dept of Children ; Youth? Somebody else talking about a Dept of Peace? Somebody else talking about integrative Health ; Health creation? Somebody else talking about reparations? My greatest chance to affect the race is to be in it.
 I can see your point. I should’ve said “we”
 Who’s on whose Twitter page?
 🤔
 Exactly why it’s the right time.
Reports of the end of my campaign have been drastically exaggerated today. Here is my statement...
 I’m not going anywhere. Money is not what determines one’s value and it’s not what should determine the legitimacy of one’s political campaign. Until we stand up to that system, we won’t be able to change the country. So let’s stand. 
 There are 93 million people living near poverty; 13 million hungry children; 100,000 homeless children; and millions of people having to work 2 or 3 jobs just to make ends meet. The difficult case to make is calling that a "good" economy.
We’ve been warned about the perils of climate change, but govt and business resistance to appropriate action has left us deeply imperiled. Let’s pray for Australia now, and deepen our commitment to WW2 level mass mobilization to reverse climate change over the next seven years.
 Have you seen the college loan debt?
 Exactly.
On campaign stops I ask for a show of hands if someone’s heard young people say they’re not gonna have kids cuz they don’t see how they can make it happen given the economy, environment etc. Several always do. Such hopelessness should not exist in the richest country in the world
Think of where you work. Now think of what it would be like if there was a pattern of mass shootings at such a place.Think of what how that would affect you emotionally and psychologically every day you went to work. Then imagine what that would feel like if you were 12 years old
If we want a peaceful and prosperous world, there’s really only one way to achieve it. That’s to unleash the spirit of people, to uncap their dreams. That’s why we should have universal healthcare, free college and removal of the college loan debt. Help people soar and they will.
Budget for military passed last week? $738 billion. Budget for National Center for Missing and Exploited children? $28.3 million. Meanwhile, tech companies reported that last year alone there were 45 million impressions on the Internet of sexually abused children.
What’s the power that would drive the most amazing future? It’s the brain of every kindergartner. One are the most important things for us to do is to stop basing our educational funding on property taxes! We need a massive realignment of investment In every American child.
The best the best way to create a more prosperous economy 15 years from now is to take better care of our 10-year-olds today. Anytime we fail to help any American child reach their full potential, we’re leaving money on the table.
By withdrawing from the Iranian nuclear deal, the United States strengthened the hand of the hardliners in Iran. That in turn escalated the tensions. We must not look at what’s happening now as an isolated situation. We must look at the deeper roots of the problem ; address them.
 Yes, actually. I would.
 Correct
 George Bush ordered the invasion of Iraq.
Our image of Commander-in-Chief must change; it shouldn't be "Cowboy in Chief" or "Brute Force Officer in Charge." That's the dangerous image that took us to where we are. We need someone who recognizes the dynamics of a perpetual war machine ; understands the dynamics of peace.
How would any American feel if we woke up to read that France, or Japan, or North Korea let's say, "ordered 3,000 troops deployed to the United States." Like, whuh...?
Saying Iran was “fully responsible” for attack on U.S. Embassy in Iraq, Trump ordered 750 U.S. soldiers there + 3,000 more prepared for possible deployment. HERE WE GO AGAIN. Be very clear: Saddam Hussein kept Iran at bay ; with our invasion of Iraq we created this entire mess
Some highlights from the year now closing. My moments from Democratic debates 
Donate now, before the FEC deadline at midnight, to continue the conversation that matters.    
Join me for a meaningful conversation in Washington, DC tomorrow, January 1, 2020. The event starts at 2pmET and the livestream begins at 3pmET. Tickets for both available here:  
 Whoah, you’ve got Iraq and Iran confused. And are you suggesting others are warlike but we are not? It’s that kind of paternalistic arrogance that has led us into terrible mistakes - such as the invasion of Iraq - and made us extremely unpopular with many people around the world.
 Not invading them would have been a good start. Let’s not forget that that’s what began the entire mess.
Very thankful American military ; diplomatic personnel are safe after attack on our embassy in Baghdad. This tragic incident underscores need for a radically different way of conducting foreign policy. Brute force as primary problem-solving option leads only to more brute force.
 Yep. So did Milton Friedman. And so do I.
Trump is a guerilla politician and it will take a guerilla politician to defeat him; establishment politics can only win against establishment politicians. Trump has already changed the game and now we have to too: the only real risk lies in NOT doing that 
 Uh, no...
MLK Jr. said “Your life begins to end on the day you stop talking about things that matter.” We’ve tried to do that this year; here’s the video that sums up the journey so far...
If we want to win in 2020, it won’t be enough to just tell the truth; we’ll have to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. What confronts us is not just a topical wound -it’s a corruption that runs deep and so must we. We won’t go forward unless we go deeper.
For the entire campaign I’ve talked about chronically traumatized children in America. While some have suggested I overstate the problem, I do not. Read this......
There are a lot more lovers than haters in this world. It’s time for the lovers to stand up, because the haters are already doing so. 
How to defeat big lies with big truth...
When our goal is for every public school in America to be a palace of learning, culture ; the arts - all green, of course - think how many jobs will be created building the schools, and how much wealth will ultimately be created because of the education children receive in them.
Thank you, Desmond... 
I’m looking forward to speaking in Washington, DC on New Year’s Day. The event begins at 2pmET and the livestream starts at 3pmET. Tickets for both are available at  
This country shouldn’t be run like a business, it should be run like a family. First we should take care of our children ; older people, making sure they have everything they need to thrive. Everything else would then heal itself from there. Moral repair precedes societal repair.
The vulnerabilities, challenges and chronic trauma of millions of American children should be recognized as a social justice issue. An economic system with no particular use for children - or for older people - has left both groups underserved.
The political establishment has simply normalized the despair of millions of American children who are chronically traumatized by poverty, hunger, and all manner of violence. This is what happens when government becomes more an instrument of corporate profits then of conscience.
13 million children are hungry in America. Yet most politicians do not even talk about it. Children aren’t old enough to vote, nor old enough to work therefore they have no financial leverage. They’re not old enough to advocate for themselves. That’s our job.
For a humanitarian bottom line. For A Department of Children and Youth. For a Department of Peace. For the creation of health, not just the treatment of sickness. Please donate, and donate generously, to keep this voice in the mix 
Representative John Lewis is an iconic voice of the American conscience. I’m praying for his healing and comfort at this difficult hour.
A state of perpetual war is a societally dysfunctional, even malfunctional reality. To talk about it is upsetting, yes, but it’s sometimes a sign of mental health to be upset; it means you’re registering that something is wrong. 
Perpetual war is not a solution; it’s a problem for which we must find a solution. It’s not naive to think love is the answer. What’s naive is to think war is the answer.
We’re not a Christian or Jewish or Muslim nation; we’re a religiously pluralistic nation in which everyone is free to worship however they want or whether or not they want to at all. Millions have come to this country to escape religious persecution and we will not be going back!
This country can’t be great if it’s not good... 
Our casualness about war will not just come back to haunt us; if uncorrected, it will come back to kill us. Just as diseases in the body must be healed, our too easy acquiescence to endless war must be healed as well. 
I’ll be in Washington, DC on New Year’s Day. The event begins at 2pmET and the livestream starts at 3pmET. Tickets for both are available at  
Anti-Semitism is an ancient malevolent force that has no place in our hearts or in our country. Let’s each of us commit with our words and with our actions to its eradication. Wherever it appears, may it be strongly challenged. 
 I get your point. The power of empire is never sustainable because it’s not natural. But the power of democracy is not only natural, it’s a shining light for other nations as well. American democracy, although never perfect, has been and should continue to be a force for good.
 When I talk about America going down, I don’t mean the prospect of post-empire. I mean the prospect of post-democracy.
“Even people all over the world who are rolling their eyes about us know that the world will not be better off if America goes down. Nothing any of us can ever do with our lives is more important than how we show up for this moment.”
When a humanitarian bottom line replaces an economic bottom line, both the state of our economy and the state of our humanity will improve. 
Looking forward to visiting Washington, DC on New Year’s Day. The event begins at 2pmET and a livestream will be available at 3pmET. Tickets for both are available at  
The difference between race-based policies and reparations is this: race-based policies give financial remuneration, but only reparations carries an inherent mea culpa - an acknowledgment of a wrong that was done, a debt that is owed, and the willingness of a generation to pay it 
“She inspires society to have a better vision of itself...”- Mayor Ed Malloy of Fairfield, Iowa 
 For whatever it’s worth, you know  nothing about me or my career.

We need a US Department of Children and Youth in order to coordinate the efforts needed to provide adequate responses to the unbelievable vulnerabilities ; challenges of our kids today. America has the professionals who know what to do to solve all this. I will put them to work!
We need trauma-informed education, community wrap-around services, anti-bullying, mental health services, mindfulness in schools. Every school should be a palace of learning, culture and the arts. The best way to serve America's future is by better serving our children today.
Millions of children live with chronic trauma, and we should rescue them no differently than if they were victims of a natural disaster. Their despair has been normalized by the political establishment. but not by me. We need a massive realignment of investment in America's kids.
Elementary students on suicide watch. Public schools with "trauma rooms." Teachers having to deal with students who have overwhelming behavioral problems on a daily basis. Millions of children with severe PTSD just from living in their neighborhoods. America, we have a problem.
Said it then, still mean it now. 
Just changing policy won’t be enough if we don’t change our thinking. And changing our thinking won’t be enough if we don’t change our policies. Making ourselves conduits of change on both levels: that’s the political sweet spot for 2020. 
2020 will be the year of integrative politics, where we recognize that a change in our hearts is as important as changes in our policy. If we’re serious about wanting to change the world, we must go about changing things on both levels.
The power of imagination should be harnessed for the purposes of our collective good. Have we stopped even imagining a society that works for everyone? It’s a good time of year to spend resting our brains ; realigning our hearts, a needed recalibration for the job that lies ahead
It simply should not be legal for huge corporate entities to make a profit on behavior they know will harm or even kill. The American people have been trained to expect too little, to ask for too little. It’s our learned helplessness that needs to end.
When will Americans  be ready to throw off the yoke of corporate tyranny? Corporations should stay in their lane, making people ; planet as important as profit; capitalism should have a conscience ; operate ethically. Those changes should not be voluntary; they should be demanded
The 2017 $2T tax cut was nothing but theft and they knew it at the time - not an economic stimulus for anyone but a tiny per cent of the population. We should repeal it, put back in the middle class tax cut, and get about the business of giving this country back to its citizens. 
Why strive for peace? So millions of people will be less likely to die horrible, violent deaths...that's why. The glamorization of brute force has lured too many away from a healthy realization and responsible reaction to the horrible consequences of war. 
Rugged individualism is a good thing, a core American value that leads many people to actualize their dreams. But over the last few decades rugged individualism has too often become rugged narcissism. Our goal should be to soar AND do everything possible to help others soar too.
It his first Inaugural, Pres. Franklin Roosevelt said “the only thing we have to fear is fear itself.” For us too, the biggest obstructions to moving forward are inside us. Surrender cynicism, anger and fear – and we’re ready to go. We have a society to re-create together in 2020
 And I don’t know of anyone who leaves out the “constitutional republic” foundation. Both are true and both are important.
 Direct democracy could become mob rule, according to the founders. That is why we have a representative democracy. Recently those who want to destroy our democracy started going around saying we don’t have one. Good trick. Don’t be bamboozled by that.
 It is a Constitutional republic and a representative democracy.
During Christmas and New Year’s is a good time to envision what you want for the coming year. Envision our democracy restored. Envision waters, earth and sky returned to health. Envision a peaceful revolution course-correcting our society. Envision the world on the road to peace.
Kwanzaa brings unique value to the holiday season, adding to the wonderfully diverse spiritual values that make up America’s holiday experience. To all who celebrate its principles, may Kwanzaa this year be days of relevance, meaning and joy.
Greater compassion for animals is essential to the moral repair of the United States. 
Rethink America! Ideas offered by the system that brought us into this mess are not the ideas that will lead us out of this mess. The win in 2020 is not about left versus center, but fresh versus stale. We won’t have an amazing result next year unless we’re willing to be amazing.
My Whole Health Plan is universal healthcare coverage for the 21st century...
 Politicians sometimes get rich to the tune of millions ; when they get caught they go to prison. Corporations without conscience get rich to the tune of billions ; when they get caught more often than not get ludicrously small fines. System spits out the 1st, thrives on the 2nd.
Corporate corruption of US govt is not new; it’s a trend that’s been going on for 40+ years. Most of us have in some way conspired with it if only by ignoring it. Trump is just a symptom. We need to more than replace him; we need to confront the deeper corruption that caused him.
 First of all, they’re not. And are you saying that because America is wonderful, we don’t have to face our shadows or correct our mistakes? Failure to confront our errors is not patriotism, it’s a lack of patriotism.
 Do not lose hope. It’s the 11th hour but it isn’t midnight yet.
There is no amount of money, technology or material power of any kind that can prevail against the soul force of an awakened citizenry. The only thing to fear is our temptation to close our eyes, to go to sleep and distract ourselves from the suffering of our fellow human beings.
Either crony capitalism or humanity will survive - but not both. From the destruction of our environment to contaminants in food ; water to toxins in the air to crushing despair among too many: will huge corporate entities make more billions, or will humanity even make it at all?
A politics of conscience is the only antidote to a politics of greed. Only a radical humanitarianism can undo the immoral consequences of soulless economic dictates that have corrupted our government and highjacked America’s value system.
America needs a season of repair, In which we consciously and proactively choose to mend what has been broken... 
Many thanks to Emilia Monell...
One day, some day, love will rule the world... 
The star of Christmas is the idea that something new can be born even in a time of overwhelming darkness. If enough of us today consider that possibility, the world itself will have a chance to start over. Wishing peace and happiness to all the people on earth.
 Yeah, if you’re among the 1% of Americans who own more wealth than the bottom 90% and don’t think conscience should dictate policy or that lies matter, then Trump’s agenda serves you. If you buy that “of the people, by the people, for the people” thing then that’s something else.
The current president is like an opportunistic infection. His presidency couldn’t have happened had there not been a societally weakened immune system. Each citizen should think of ourselves as a cell in an immune system that needs to start functioning in a much more optimal way.
 The issue is not how big or small government is; the  issue is who it’s working for. Right now, mainly due to the undue influence of money on our political system, our government does more to advocate for short term corporate profits than it does to advocate for us.
 Yeah right. 
 Yes. The Black Hills of South Dakota.
Being anti-slavery simply meant you didn’t agree with slavery; being an abolitionist meant you’d crossed a bridge inside yourself, from “I don’t agree” to “Not on my watch.” Which are you in relation to a corporate aristocracy that has corrupted our govt and eroded our democracy?
Loving our children, funding their care...
 Primary elections! Elections are part of our electoral system, they aren’t artificially created theatrical productions. The primaries are where actual voters weigh in; that’s the practice of democracy. DNC, RNC, media etc should facilitate, not dictate or manipulate that process.
When we make it a national goal that every public school be a palace of learning, culture and the arts, we will be taking the single greatest step toward the development of a prosperous economy over the next 20 years.
 Not at all!
 When we put our humanity first, we naturally become more creative and productive people. That is what creates money and makes the economy more abundant. The difference is in which comes first: a thriving  economy or a thriving human being.
We need to change from being econotarians to being humanitarians, from measuring humanity’s progress in economic terms to measuring humanity’s progress in terms of happiness. When we do, we will automatically make public policy decisions based on what most helps people thrive.
I'm speaking in Los Angeles on Monday, December 23rd, 7:30pm about A Season of Hope: Giving Birth to a New America. to open. Saban Theatre. Live event is free. Livestream also available. Live and livestream here:  
Ram Dass passed from earth a few hours ago. How perfect that  he left this plane on the first night of the Festival of Lights. “Be Here Now” shifted my world when I was young, as it did for millions of others. Praise ; thanks to a huge  ; radiant soul. May he be forever blessed.
Tonight is the first night of Hanukkah, the symbolic and ritualistic remembrance that even in the darkest hour God delivers the needed light. As it was true for our ancestors may it be true for us. To Jews everywhere - and to all who embrace the holiday’s meaning -Happy Hannukah!
 There were 20 or 21 real ones
 Yep
 Obviously you do!
 But she dropped out because of money! That’s my point.
 To me, that’s healthy for democracy
 Why “surprisingly?”
We have to passionately ; powerfully support whoever the Democratic candidate in ‘20. But right after the election - whomever wins- we need to break the chokehold of the undemocratic campaign industrial complex.Only the unfiltered voice of the people is wise enough to handle this
Why does this matter so much? It matters because neofascists are literally at the door, and those who paved the way for this danger are NOT necessarily those who know how best to deal with it. DNC controlling things caused a catastrophe in 2016 ; it’s a slow moving car crash now.
What it amounts to is the modern equivalent of old time backroom deals where guys with cigars decided who the candidates would be: “Don’t let anyone but our guys get in here.” Paternalism is NOT democracy. People who think they “know best” don’t always do.
Whether Bennett, Harris, Castro, Booker, me or anyone else, neither $ nor polls (no transparency there!) nor DNC should be allowed to “narrow the field” before IA or NH. That’s the PURPOSE of primaries! The debates are undemocratic ; should only exist if all candidates included.
 They sure did.
I'll be speaking in Los Angeles tomorrow, Dec 23rd, about A SEASON OF HOPE: Giving Birth to a New America at the Saban Theatre, 7:30PM PT. Looking forward to opening this free event. A Livestream is also available. Details on both here:  
Yep. This is the way it works. 
Hannukah, Christmas, and limitless possibilities... 
Looking forward to speaking in LA this Monday, Dec 23rd, about A SEASON OF HOPE: Giving Birth to a New America at the Saban Theatre, 7:30PM PT. The live event is free and everyone is welcome. A Livestream is also available. Details on both here:  
It’s the 11th hour, but it is not midnight yet... 
"I am excited to stand up for her..." 
Enjoyed being with you, Michael 
US should be leading the way in forging a path of peace creation, declaring that by the end of the 21st century humanity will have a reasonable prospect of a world without war. We begin with massive realignment of resources in the direction of peace building plus a peace academy.
What is the point of women gaining power if we’re not going to use it to change the conversation? More women and children died in wars in the 20th century than did military combatants. We have to do more than fight wars. We have to create peace. 
Defense contractors must have debate-watch parties, toasting tinkling Champaign glasses ;  giggling “Te hee the hee let them have their little game.” This is more than takeover by billionaires or even corporations in general. This is the solidification of a perpetual war machine.
 I care about all children. Children cannot protest or demand their rights. Theoretically that’s our job.
As horrible as conditions of immigrant children are at border, our silence about equally outrageous conditions of millions of children in rural ; inner-city neighborhoods all over America is shocking to me. Hunger, poverty, gun violence, despair are traumatizing too. 
One question about Israel ; one about China, nothing about creation of new branch of military (“Oh, that...”)or any overall questioning of US militarism. Even progressives now stuck inside a box, never questioning warmongers or military-industrial-complex.  
The political task of our generation is to close the gap between the dignity ; decency of the American people ; the cravenness ; corruption of the US government. We can only do it if we get the $ out of politics; it will take a constitutional amendment to override Citizens United
 We need community wraparound services, trauma-informed education, violence prevention, mental heath services, nutrition ; food, mindfulness in schools. We have elementary kids on suicide watch! Millions w/ PTSD. We need a massive realignment of resources in direction of children
 Both. Not a contest.
The most neglected population in America is millions of our children... 
I miss you too  
Like a boss... 
I'm returning to Los Angeles on Monday, December 23, and will be speaking about A SEASON OF HOPE: Giving Birth to a New America at the Saban Theatre, 7:30PM PT. The live event is free. A Livestream will also be available. Details on both here:  
 To take a stand for children. To take a stand for peace. To take a stand for reparations. To take a stand for integrative health care. To take a stand for ending the corporate aristocracy. To take a stand for reversing climate change. To treat root causes. To provide another way.
 I would not have clapped.
If I were a member of the House of Representatives yesterday, would I have voted yes to impeach the president? Yes. But I would not have done so with any sense that that’s going to solve the deeper problem. The… 
 I should’ve said not “just” on the outside. We need disruptive leadership both inside and outside establishment walls. Otherwise systems become entrenched.
 Truth-telling isn’t “negative,” it’s adult.
 “Mass protests ; strikes that can shut down entire industries” is problem-solving from another century. What we need is disruptive leadership not outside the building but inside it.
 Collapse is NOT the only way. We can  choose another way right now! Collapse would only intensify fear, throwing us right into the arms of a dictator and creating further collapse. That is NOT the answer! Courage to choose another way right now is the answer.
For every problem, America has the people who know what to do ; the genius with which to do it. We need to face the uncomfortable fact that govt has become the biggest obstruction to solving our problems because they’re funded by those who create them. We ; we alone can fix that.
Moral leadership the most important thing needed today. It’s not just that we’re having a national nightmare; it’s a problem that we fell asleep to begin with ; seem scared to wake up. But the only danger lies in refusing to awaken. The next president should be a moral awakener.
We could solve our material problems; lack of ability to do that’s not the problem. The deepest problem is erosion of our values, a complacency with which we face things as morally horrifying as endless wars, unnecessary suffering ; continuation of destruction to people ; planet.
The mindset that created the world as it is takes umbrage at the introduction of a mindset that would create something different. Do. Not. Go. Along. 
Transformation requires internal as well as external change. There’s a deep emotional component to processing the crisis we’re in ; transitioning to a place where we’re capable of creating something different. These times require a president who knows how to navigate both worlds.
On the other side of this crisis lies the possibility of the most extraordinary chapter in our history - but only if we’re willing to be honest about where we are.  Being totally willing to recognize the place we’re in now is prerequisite to creating the world that we prefer.
America is like frogs in hot water, dangerously desensitized to the increasing heat. From encroaching environmental destruction to a rise of authoritarian leaders in places where this “isn’t supposed to happen,” it’s important to admit to ourselves that this is a time of crisis.
US govt was highjacked by a soulless economic system that puts corporate profits before human ; planetary well being. We need to put our govt back into alignment with democratic ; humanitarian values. It’s not just a political course-correction; it’s emotional ; psychological too
The “Militarist Delusion” - as usual, Robert Koehler hits the nail on the head. 
We need a Department of Peace to promote and co-ordinate the peace builders domestically and internationally. We need to wage peace at home and abroad. 
Our environmental policies violent toward the earth. Our foreign policies violent toward Yemen etc. Our economic policies violent toward the poor. Our criminal justice system in many ways as violent as the violent offenders it seeks to punish. And our hearts are too often violent
I want the same gun safety legislation every progressive Dem wants, but it’s still an area where we’re talking about symptoms and need to talk about cause. As a society, we will continue to have a problem with violence until we look in the mirror and face how violent we are.
 I’d want to wear those heels.
“When we do that, something incredible is going to happen in this country.” 
The House has passed a bill establishing 6th branch of the US military: a Space Force. We are militarizing space! Yet nobody seems to be registering it much. No buzz. No real conversation. No real corporate media coverage. Our acquiescence is stunning. We’re. Militarizing. Space.
Wow. Newsflash. Corporate lobbying comes at the expense of ordinary people. Who knew...? 
This isn’t a time about learning something you don’t already know. This is a time to own what you already know, and to decide whether or not you’re going to do something about it. 
Those who would suppress democracy are the enablers of fascism.
 This “viable chance” line is just a narrative that’s been handed to you.
“The opposite of courage isn’t cowardice, it’s conformity.” - Rollo May.
 
Trump is a symptom rather than a cause of our deeper problems; if all we do is impeach or defeat him then we will simply be waiting around until the next iteration of neofascism arises. There are many more lined up… 
We need a politics that addresses  cause as well as symptoms. Any unhoused, unfed ; uneducated child is a time bomb waiting to explode. Any large group of desperate people is a petri dish out of which there will emerge societal dysfunction. Treat the cause to prevent the effects.
Millions of American children with Adverse Childhood Experiences are facing a statistical probability of a shorter lifespan because of it, but politicians have simply normalized their despair. We must disrupt a heartless economic and political status quo. 
 :)
Trump will not be defeated by someone raging at Trump. How many more examples do we need of the fact that fighting him with traditional political tools is futile? He will be defeated by someone who inspires people, uplifts people, motivates people to their greatness. Just sayin'.
“A Williamson administration strategically puts the cart back behind the horse by upping the investments in conflict prevention, which proves to be more cost-effective than war intervention operations.”  
“Our government does more to fund the problem creators than it does to fund the problem solvers.” 
There is so much truth here...
Because they are the root cause... 
"Nobody else is saying what she's saying..." 
On politics and the arts...  
Tonight! Live and livestream fundraising event with Deepak Chopra and me at 7:30PM ET in NY. Evolve our politics. Tickets still available. Details Here:  
On this day in 1773, some Americans got seriously fed up and decided they wouldn’t take it anymore. They turned the tide of history - and so can we. 
Until we get the money out of politics -- repudiating the corporate aristocracy now dominating our government -- then government "of the people, by the people, and for the people" will remain frozen as words we no longer even try to embody. Our generation's job is to change that.
Impeaching or defeating Trump will not be enough to correct all wrongs. We need to do more than not go over the cliff; we need to get out of the vicinity of the cliff. Otherwise, the forces he represents will be back in '22 and '24. The deeper corruption is bigger than one man.
Trump did not create the worst dysfunctions of our democracy; our worst dysfunctions created him. He's the symptom, not the cause, of a dangerous slide away from vital democracy toward corporate authoritarian rule. The slide began 40 years ago and he's simply the climactic event.
 Probably
“She would be an outstanding candidate...” 
Christian Thornell gets it. Thank you for creating something so powerful...
We have seven years....
It’s not supposed to be like this in America... 
America’s most important ally is humanity itself.
The only safe repository for power is in the hands of the people... 
A judge ordered 234,000 people removed from the voter rolls in Wisconsin. Why? Because they have may have moved. Memo to all: you’re not less of a citizen, with fewer Constitutional rights, just because you may have  moved! This is total voter suppression.
With “trauma rooms” and “suicide watch” in our elementary schools, America has a problem it has not yet faced... 
 Sex trafficking is a huge problem in the U.S. ; one of the reasons I want a Dept. of Children ; Youth. We need a massive realignment of investment in direction of our young people; this is one of the extraordinary vulnerabilities and challenges they face.
 Good one.  You’re right! Although in America today, a lot of that goes under economy and race. Economic injustice and racial injustice...
The six pillars of our moral repair: Children. Peace. Race. Earth. Health. Economy. 
So grateful when journalists are fair and accurate... 
My talk in Fairfield, Iowa this week on where America is right now and where we need to go...
I’m speaking in Des Moines tonight at 6:30! Come, and bring your friends...
Millions of people who voted for Trump are disturbed by his behavior now. If we campaign in 2020 simply raging at Trump, we are scolding those people, making them wrong. The way to win in 2020 is not by fighting what is, but by inspiring and invoking what could be.
I’ve read more articles saying that Marianne Williamson apparently doesn’t think she needs to have real policy plans or positions. The truth is, I have more than most.
Get tickets now! Live and livestream fundraising event with Deepak Chopra and me this Monday 12/16! 7:30PM ET. Evolve our politics. Details Here:  
 There are many kinds of experience. The best car mechanic in the world is of no use is you don’t have someone to point out you’re on the wrong road. Very “experienced politicians” let us into wars in Iraq ; Vietnam. The experience most needed now involves vision, not mechanics.
 Secretary of Children and Youth: Michelle Obama
 Dream on, I’m afraid. A Star Trek model built around exploration is called NASA! Billions of dollars spent expanding NASA at this point might have been an exciting prospect. But the Space Force is not what this is. It’s a new branch  of the US military.
Our country should not be run like a business; it should be run like a family. First you take care of your children and your older people, then everything else falls more easily into line. That’s what it means to move from an economic to a humanitarian bottom line.
If Finland can do it we can do it.
It’s time for the people to step in...marianne2020.com
Kudos to Cong. Ro Khanna ; Sen. Bernie Sanders for expressing appropriate outrage at yesterday’s bill. If this is the best we can do with a Democratic House, then we are in really big trouble. Our government is a fully owned subsidiary of the military-industrial-complex.
2) It increases Trump’s ability to support Saudi Arabia’s war in Yemen, continues presidential permission to wage war without Congressional approval (does nothing to reign in his power to invade Iran), and betrays all of us by refusing to clean up the deadly chemical PFAS.
1) If it passes the Senate, we will now have a sixth branch of the US Military: The Space Force! You know that bit about lovers looking up at the stars? Watch out kids. You’ll never know again what might be pointed at you while you do. We are MILITARIZING SPACE.
Bill that passed the House yesterday is criminally negligent regarding the wellbeing of humanity. It throws one progressive bone: 12 weeks of paid family leave for all civilian federal workers, but it does other things that are horrifying.
 People should be aware: THIS is what anti-Semitism is. This is what it looks like. This is how it starts. It always begins with this hateful, ancient anti-Semitic trope: that Jews have too much power. One of Hitler’s favorites.
 Anti-Semites don’t have “evidence.”
Kudos to Mayor de Blasio for his meaningful and passionate statements about anti-semitism today. May all of our leaders, and all of our citizens, stand strong in the face of hate. 
 Seeking asylum in the United States is a statutory right. It is neither a crime nor an invasion.
“Make no mistake: the criminality is not on the part of those seeking asylum in the U.S. after an arduous journey seeking to escape violence in their home countries. The criminality is on the part of a government that so traumatizes them when they arrive.” 
In our personal lives, I think the average American has a sense of right ; wrong ; we try to do the right thing in life. Our public policies should simply be driven by the same moral compass, the same dictates of conscience, same intention to do right by other people ; the world.
Those who lack appreciation for the deep ; transformative power of love, who laugh at its fierceness ; diminish its importance, yet long for it in the deep dark night of their souls as much as does anyone else. It is their pain, not their intelligence, which guides their mockery.
Whether it’s integrative medicine folded into our healthcare, more compassion at the border, addressing poverty among millions of our citizens, repairing our earth ; regenerating our soil, or restoring moral authority to our foreign policy - the solution to every problem is love.
 So I won’t put you down for a house party?
 Simply not true. Seeking asylum is not a crime, it is a statutory right. You are demonizing people who have done nothing wrong and criminalizing actions that are not crimes.
Martin Luther King Jr. said what was needed was “a coalition of conscience.”’That was true in his time and it is true today. Wherever there is the sufferer, there must be our hearts to love them and our hands to help them. It is that which makes our country good.
Nowhere is the moral compass of the United States more broken than on the issue of immigration, and nowhere am I more committed to making it right. Here are my Immigration policies. 
Something is deeply wrong with the heart of a nation when criminality like this is tolerated. Make no mistake about it: the criminality is not on the part of those seeking asylum in the US. The criminality is on the part of a government that so traumatizes them when they arrive.
From the separation of children from their families, to holding the children in cages,to denying them proper healthcare (at least one child has died of flu while in custody at the border), the United States government is consciously perpetrating trauma upon an innocent population
The demonization, even mistreatment of the immigrant - particularly  those at our southern border - is one of the darkest legacies of the current administration. People of conscience abhor the idea that public policy would ever be an instrument of cruelty, yet today it happens.
My father was an immigration lawyer and I was raised with a deep appreciation for the plight of the immigrant.  All four of my grandparents came as immigrants through Ellis Island. Immigrants typically contribute as much to this country as this country contributes to them.
Discussed the spiritual and political on Metaphysical Milkshake 
We routinely hear the argument between single payer ; public option, but we must ask other questions as well. It’s not just how to pay for healthcare—but also why so many of us are so sick, and what kinds of treatment insurance will cover—that concerns me. 
 Uh, no.
The deepest sorrow, my deepest prayers for Jersey City right now. Dear God, May those who suffer be comforted and healed. Amen.
Our money doesn’t come from corporate chieftains dropping crumbs from their table in the form of job creation; it comes from the creativity and productivity of the American people. 
I’m looking forward to being with my friend and colleague Deepak Chopra in NYC on Monday 1216, 7:30PM. We’ll explore the deeper territories of American politics. Join us Live or by Livestream. Live Q;A. VIP pre-reception for those who desire. Details Here:  
Thank you, Josh... 
The issue of paid family leave encapsulates what’s wrong with America (we don’t have it) to the transition we’re making now (people want it). Mothers and fathers should be able to trade off time with a newborn for a full three months. 
 We’re both. We’re a republic and we’re a representative democracy.
In Judaism it says every generation must rediscover God for itself. Similarly, every generation of Americans must re-discover the importance of democracy for ourselves. When we fail to psychologically and emotionally embrace its importance, others can inevitably begin to steal it
That’s why any undermining of our democracy - from political gerrymandering to voter suppression to the dominance of money and party manipulation of the process – should be seen as an attack on our most basic freedom and strongly resisted.
Democracy is genius. Why?  Because it’s a channel for the emergence of group conscience, a place where the best of who we are can come together with the best of who others are to create a wave of collective wisdom.
My Whole Health Plan focuses on health-creation, providing universal healthcare ; incentivizing health. Provides coverage for integrative medical as well as allopathic techniques, balances a pharmaceutical/surgical approach with access to natural remedies  
 As well it should.
 Saudi Arabia and Iran are hostile to each other and Trump has cozied up to Saudi Arabia.
Yep. That was me... 
American involvement in the Saudi-led war in Yemen destroys any semblance of moral authority in American foreign policy. 85,000 children have starved to death in a war we support for one reason: a $350B arms deal. That's who we've become, folks. And we must change that. 
Paying for healthcare and incentivizing health... 
 “Misleading statistic”...? Really...?
 Says you, that it is that.
 I would repeal 2017 $2 trillion tax cut, although I would put back in the middle class cut. I would stop the corporate subsidies, cut military spending, wealth tax the very wealthiest. I would invest heavily in people, increasing their productivity ; creativity ; wealth creation.
 Read my issues page and tell me I’m a woo woo fortuneteller, Rick. 
 No. they. didn’t. And by the way, when she and I were doing our groups there WAS no medicine yet.
Enjoyed this podcast with Edward Hardy... 
 You know nothing about my career for the last 35 years. Nothing. You’ve never been to one of my talks or read my books, you know nothing about my nonprofit work or my political activism. You spew a narrative about me that suits my political opponents but has nothing to do with me
 Shoo..?
 Not.
 Thank you
 I’m sorry. Are you able to find any one place in my 35 year career where I mentioned anything about crystals or energy therapy? Of course you can’t.
 They have no liability. That is the point.
Ask Marianne Anything - Live on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube! 
All the Democratic candidates are telling the truth. But this moment is like when you take an oath in a court of law: it’s to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. Only seriously radical truth-telling is going to be deep enough to defeat big lies next year.
 Powerful!
The FAA should not protect Boeing etc. The CDC and FDA should not protect Big Pharma ; food ind. The EPA should not protect chemical ind., oil ; gas. U.S. govt agencies should protect our people! “Of the people, by the people ; for the people” should mean just that.
Vaccines save lives absolutely. But asking for an independent commission to review vaccine safety is not “anti-vaxx.” It’s “safe-vaxx,” which is totally understandable given over $4B  paid in vaccine injury claims. Why are so many people so invested in protecting Big Pharma? Odd.
Wait, what?!? “The most important investment we can make as a country is in the next generation of Americans ; we're doing just that through our tax code.”-Ivanka Trump. Sooo not! Our tax code continues massive transfer of wealth into hands of 1% at the expense of most Americans.
 Seriously. That would improve your life how?
 Animal factory farms should be outlawed. They are immoral, and dangerous to our health. Compassionate treatment of animals should prevail.
Two of my favorites: Howie Klein and Pramila Jayapal. Totally in. 
Rugged individualism is a good thing ; has led to much creativity ; genius in the U.S. But over the last few decades it has transitioned too many times into rugged narcissism. We should express our own unique creativity AND care deeply about everyone else. 
For peace ; prosperity, the one principle that should guide all public policy (it’s not not short-term corporate profit maximization) is this: What would make people thrive? From universal healthcare to free education to removing college loan debt, helping people serves America.
Americans have been mentally trained to expect too little, to ask “Pretty please?” for things that should be considered - and are considered, in other countries of comparable wealth - to be the natural right of every citizen.
I defy you to read this story and not cry...and not be overwhelmed thinking how many millions of people thought the ages have suffered as they suffered, and loved as they loved. 
 Yes I absolutely do...😞
Doing another Ask Marianne Anything tonight! 530pt/830et 
 That’s a deep mischaracterization of my beliefs. Of course there is mental illness, of course it matters, and of course it is covered under my health plan.
We need to more than fight sickness; we need to incentivize health. Much more focus needed on health-creation, health coaches, greater access to healthy food ; lifestyle options ; regulatory oversight of food ; chemical companies to protect us from water, food ; air contaminants.
Whole Health Plan mandates patients be fully informed of integrative ; lifestyle medicine as well as traditional allopathic/pharmaceutical/surgical options for healing, along w/ scientifically established rates of success. Insurance pays for both.
 Yeah right. If you wish to see my responses, you can do so on my Facebook page.
 Just dm’d you my responses. Thanks.
Come hear me speak tonight in Salt Lake City at 6 PM at the capitol! 
Join me tomorrow for  at 5:30pm PT / 7:30pm CT / 8:30pm ET!We'll be live on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram and at  Post your questions with  or send them to hell 
 That theory has been around forever. Hardly new revelations. And it wasn’t about the military-industrial complex because the military-industrial complex didn’t even exist yet. If true at all, it was that Roosevelt wanted justification for getting into war against the Nazis.
My uncle Max Kaplan was a Navy man, his ship bombed at Pearl Harbor 12/7/41. Spent 27 hrs in water before being rescued, received a Purple Heart. Today I remember him ;those like him, including my dad ; the rest of my uncles, who responded so bravely to an attack on our country.
 No, those are what got us into this mess. An unfettered, deregulated market is what created the problem; a free market with proper governmental regulation is what will solve it.
 Or vote for someone for president who is saying it like it is. Where we need to march is to the polls.
 Thanks! 
 Back to same issue: the FDA is the agency that should have been overseeing all of that. It was right under their noses.
 No it’s not.
My experience of the American people is that in our personal lives we don’t like to feel we’re being played. But collectively we need the same savvy, the same psychological sophistication. An entire political/corporate system is having its way with us; only the people can fix it.
It’s not just that a corporate aristocracy has gained power. The issue is how it happened ; what we have to do now:1)they legally bribe politicians (we need $ out of politics). 2)they own mainstream media (we need to break that up). Till then of COURSE they protect Big Pharma etc
The question should not be “Why is a presidential candidate suggesting greater regulatory oversight of Big Pharma?” The question should be, “Why isn’t every presidential candidate suggesting greater regulatory oversight of Big Pharma?”
Given the way the FDA was clearly looking the other way when Big Pharma predatory practices led to the opioid crisis (attys-Gens all over the States now indicting), there is no reason to assume their relationship is as pure as snow in every other area.
American society is currently on a slow ; steadily quickening slide  toward fascism. That is not a negative comment; it’s a descriptive one. What’s negative is to ignore it. Nothing in our history’s more important than the election next year. Complacency ; cynicism not an option.
 Yes
As a mother I’m heartbroken; as an American I’m infuriated. I cannot and will not accept such heartlessness on the part of a US govt. agency. Someone should be prosecuted here for criminal neglect. 
Mandatory minimum sentencing has taken power away from judges, imposing sentences without chance of judicial discretion.  It has added to mass incarceration and racial disparities in convictions. It is brutal, unjust -  and needs to stop.
Deepak Chopra + Marianne Williamson LIVE in New York. December 16 ~ 7:30PM. One Night Only. Livestream Available. Details Here:  
When corporate interests are untethered to ethical, moral considerations and inadequately regulated, the most deadly consequences can result. Big Pharma’s season of predatory overreach must come to an end. 
Democratic Presidential Candidate Marianne Williamson in Nashua, NH 
 I adamantly oppose any such harassment, as it is violent and uncalled for. Regarding your other questions, I will respond with specifics tomorrow.
 We do not have starvation in this country, but we absolutely do have hunger. The fact that someone isn’t starving doesn’t mean that their hunger doesn’t matter!
 Vaccines are important and they save lives; every medical intervention comes with both benefits and risks. Taking a stand for independent scientific verification of vaccine safety is not “anti-vaxx,” no matter how many times that lie is repeated.
“Polenta elbow is a real thing and Marianne Williamson is the only candidate with the guts to talk about!” Lol 
Heard again today say that “the economy is good.”When 93 million Americans are near poverty, the economy is not “good.” When 13 million children are hungry, the economy is not “good.” When 100,000 children are homeless, the economy is not “good.” Good for but a few is not “good.”
Trauma perpetrated against a child more likely to result in violence perpetrated by adult she becomes. Many of our public policies cause trauma. Poverty traumatic. Homelessness traumatic. Despair traumatic. We won’t have a peaceful society as long as we’re traumatizing children.
21st-century mindset is very different than the 20th. Far more integrative, with a realization that there are internal as well as external dimensions to transforming any situation. Psychological ; emotional realities affect social political behavior both negatively ; positively.
Germany’s full mea culpa for the Holocaust is a model for the deepening we need in the U.S. regarding the history of slavery. Merkel connects Germany’s history to the fight against anti-Semitism today, as we need to connect our history of slavery to the need to fight racism today
Angela Merkel demonstrates how a responsible nation reconciles with its history. As we should do with ours.
What will it take to wage peace? It will take outer work and it will also take inner work. It will take regulating our guns and it will also take regulating our hearts.
Second shooting, now in Pensacola. May the angels of our better nature rise up and declare “No more.” Let’s do whatever it takes, in our hearts and in our world, to wage peace among us and cast out violence from our midst.
So deeply saddened by the tragic shooting at joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam. Praying for the victims, their families, and all those connected to the base. May we use this incident to reflect more deeply on what it will take to make us a more peaceful society...and then act on it.
“That’s what makes New Hampshire unique. We take picking the next president very seriously.” 
Trump didn’t create America’s underlying problems; our underlying problems created him. Just defeating him in ‘20 will treat the symptom but not the cause. As long as we allow economics rather than our deep humanity to guide us, someone like him will always be lurking at the door
“If they give it to the rich they call it a subsidy, if they give it to the poor they call it a hand-out.” - Martin Luther King Jr.
 So those 700,000 don’t matter?
 No amount of private charity can compensate for a lack of social justice. I’ve run a non-denominational church as well as nonprofits. No, churches ; nonprofits cannot be left to clean up all the mess created by  politicians serving corporate wealth at the expense of our citizens.
Reversing climate change is the greatest moral challenge of our generation, and we can do it. 
 Many thousands of what you call “able-bodied adults” are not able to meet the requirements, and $.83 of every dollar of that tax cut went to the richest individuals and corporations.
The Trump administration now cutting food stamps for the poorest of the poor, after having passed a $2T tax cut for the richest of the rich. Is this what we have become as a country? We cannot be great if we are not good.
“This country and this government should belong to its people.”
On my way back to Iowa next week, hope you'll join me...  
This country will change when the people wake up, look at some things that are happening and say en masse, “That stops right now.” 
The road ahead can be the most extraordinary chapter in American history, but only if we’re willing to take a brutally honest look at ourselves. There are things as a nation we must be willing to look at, atone for, make amends for ; change. Anything less, and nothing will change
We don’t have universal healthcare yet because there are more corporate profits to be made from sickness than from health, and we don’t have an agenda for peace because there are more corporate profits to be made preparing for war than preparing for peace 
Thanks to known as well as unsung heroes of the environmental movement, the U.S. is now reaching a consensus that immediate, emergency-basis action is called for to reverse climate change. The next president should boldly ride the wave.
The only force stronger than politicized hate is the power of politicized love. 
Environmental crisis not just political or biological; it’s a moral crisis. Its root was the replacement of an ancient sense of humanity’s partnership with nature, with the idea that nature is here for humanity’s utilitarian purposes. It’s inaccurate, immoral, dangerous ; insane.
 But we’ve been letting them...
For every action there’s a reaction - an unalterable law of physics as applicable to behavior as well as to objects. Also, to collective as well as to individual behavior. Deeply irresponsible for a generation to behave in ways that will produce dangerous effects for a later one.
The very idea of “farming” animals is something deeply disconnected from right relationship between humanity ; nature. We are here to be proper stewards of both animals ; land ; we are massively failing at both. Nature will reassert right balance if we do not. 
Animal factory farms are cruel toward animals ; dangerous for people. Antibiotics used to artificially fatten animals gets into food ; water, creating drug resistant bacteria with dire consequences we’re just beginning to experience. As president I would end animal factory farms.
Wherever there are large groups of desperate people, societal dysfunction is almost inevitable. Desperate people do desperate things. That’s why ameliorating unnecessary human suffering should be the highest governmental priority. Loving each other isn’t just good; it’s strategy.
 A good mix in my Whole Health Plan 
 Does that mean that there aren’t contaminants in the water or carcinogens in the food or toxins in the air?
Money doesn’t come from crumbs in the form of job creation dropped from the table of corporate aristocrats; money comes from the creativity and productivity of the American people. Anything that contributes to the ability of people to thrive is the source of peace and prosperity.
Political elites don’t want us to look too deeply into the root cause of most of our problems because they ARE the root cause of most of our problems. Outside-the-box is a good thing when the box is filled with hot air.
As long as there are so many contaminants in water, carcinogens in food, toxins in air ; economic policies causing so much chronic stress, we WILL have higher rates of sickness.We need govt to do more than provide healthcare; we need it to challenge forces that are making us sick
 Awww honey. So glad you wrote in all caps for me
 Who’s on whose twitter feed?
 It’s on our websites!
Agree. 
In my Whole Health Plan, anytime someone is diagnosed it’s mandated that the patient receive info on suggested diet/lifestyle/natural remedies as well as pharmaceutical/surgical. Plus insurance pays for either! 
We don’t just need a Dept of Defense; we also need Dept of Peace. We don’t just need universal healthcare; we need more universal access to health. We don’t just need a govt that works; we need a govt no longer at the behest of legalized bribery by corporate forces. 
Diet, lifestyle and natural health remedies are proven to provide equal benefit to many allopathic measures now proffered in our health care system. My Whole Health Plan provides support and access to both categories of healing.
 
“We need a mother in the White House, and you can take that however you want...” ;) 
 That’s the way to not get it done, Karl!
I wish all best wishes in her continuing journey. Running for president is not easy.... It’s exhilarating but it’s brutal, and I have deep respect for anyone who has taken it on.

 You know what’s amazing? I needed to see your tweet right now to be reminded of it myself.
Corporations put their profits above our health constantly. It’s got to stop. I join 100+ global leaders in solidarity w/ the fight to stop from building a toxic fossil fuel-powered factory right by a Title I school in WV.
The undue influence of money in politics is the cancer underlying all the other cancers 
You can have the best car mechanic in the world, but they’re not the one who can necessarily tell you what road you should take 
“Anything he can do I can do better. I can do anything better than him.” - Irving Berlin 
It’s an amazing thing to hear an Iowa voter say “I’m going to caucus for you.” Thank you, Julia! 
I don’t want to go to Washington and fight for you; I want to go to Washington and co-create with you. We need a ‘new birth of freedom.’ We need to turn the page now. We need to create something completely new. 
Marianne Williamson Live from Iowa City, IA - 
Talked to Beau of the Fifth Column today about life during the AIDS crisis, and more...
I’m speaking twice in Iowa City today, including for  at the University of Iowa. A day of sad remembrance of a tragic part of the past and ever deeper devotion to a better future. 
 It’s not about the amount of acreage, it’s about human beings who were exposed. About the fact that they were ordered to go back to work after 14 days when the company knew that they should wait 31 days. And this isn’t about creating new laws; it’s about prosecuting existing ones
 Is it a crime to poison someone?
Fining Monsanto $10 million for using a banned pesticide is a light slap on the hand - for a company like that, that’s just the cost of doing business. In a Williamson administration, industrial use of banned pesticides would warrant criminal prosecution. 
Healthcare coverage for the 21st century: Read my Whole Health Plan - putting special focus on robust prevention and root cause medicine, not just the standard symptom abatement. (And yes meditation and yoga are taken seriously in terms of health benefits) 
Volunteers are waving banners from highways all across the country today. If you see them, wave and say hello! Thank you, guys. You’re the best... 
Meeting with some friends last night in Fairfield at my friend Margareta’s house. She’s also the owner/driver of the MarianneMobile! Lots to discuss now with people I deeply respect and listen to.  
Heading to the Granite State this coming week, looking forward to seeing everyone.. 
 I wish he would have me on his show. It’s great. I must’ve said something or done something at some point to make him uninterested...
What’s the good of owning our country if we’re selling off the land? 
Was with Katy Tur today on MSNBC discussing the devastation of our farming sector and food supply, and how I will change things when I’m president.
 China’s leadership is NOT democratically elected.
Hey guys. I’m in Dubuque tomorrow and Sunday. Please join me! 
 - Live from Des Moines, IA! 
 This is not about like-minded. This is about people who are doing independent analyses of the environmental and economic effects of certain policies.
 In other words, you would prefer a dictatorship to democracy.
With and on Metaphysical Milkshake...  
People working for the government whose conclusions challenge the president’s policies are being moved away from positions of power. Should we be concerned? You betcha! 
Corporate colonialism in farming has not just hurt the farmer;  it has led to the contamination of our water and the poisoning of our food. This is not just a little bit of a problem. We need a president who is not afraid to take it on.
 Those large corporations are what caused the downturn in farming. They have devastated the lives of farmers, they have devastated the land, they have devastated the food, they have devastated animals and contaminated our water. But you think they’re the ones to fix it huh?
 Coming shortly!
“Where government used to protect the farmer, it now does more to protect the farmer’s monopolistic corporate overlord. This is one of the saddest, most dangerous results of crony capitalism and the unholy conspiracy of government to protect it.” 
Today, join me for  at 3:30pm CT / 4:30pm ET / 1:30pm PT!This will be live here on Twitter, and on Facebook, YouTube, Instagram and at  
The corporatization of agriculture has turned agribusiness conglomerates into a parasitic force that is destroying American farming. In this area as in others, corporate monopolies - backed as usual by governmental policy - have ruined livelihoods ; lives. 
Jane Fonda just gets better and better....
We need volunteers to come help us in Iowa! Please contact Jua for more information.
Thank you so much to all of you who are part of my journey this year. I didn’t know my heart could hold as much gratitude as I feel today. May your day be blessed and joyful. 
 There’s a difference between capitalism per se ; a virulent strain of capitalism. Some people feel that the problem is inherent in capitalism but I’m not of that opinion. There are many conscious, enlightened thinkers within that system who are doing things to correct its course.
 We’ve just gotten in the habit of superficial conversations. All of us have depth.We just need to repudiate the shallowness of our culture today, particularly when it comes to politics. These are serious times and we need to be serious people.
Here I discuss the pillars for a season of repair. They form core principles with which we can course-correct a country that has strayed from its moral and democratic compass. 
If we want deep change in America we’re going to have to have a deeper conversation about what truly ails us. Just treating symptoms will not be an adequate solution to the crises of our time; in order truly course-correct we’ll need to address root causes 
Good morning from DC! 
To forcibly separate children from their parents is kidnapping, and it is a crime whether done by an individual or by the govt. State-sponsored crime is still crime. As president, I'll make sure that those who did this will be held fully accountable.
 Excuse me...?
I heard again today the ridiculous lies about my work during the AIDS crisis. The politics of personal destruction doesn't change the truth - it just distorts it. This video tells the truth of my involvement with the AIDS community during that tragic time. 
 What time should I come over?
 Wow, Hal.
 - This Friday, 29th 3:30pmCT / 4:30pmET / 1:30pmPT - Live on all social platforms and  
We need more than disparate policy changes; we need a holistic vision for what it will take to repair the country. My agenda achieves that... 
PFAS is a deadly contaminant our leaders refuse to clean up. Why? Because to do so would go against the will of the corporate masters who for all intents and purposes own them. This is how corrupt it is folks, ; why it’s time for the people to step in now. 
Sign up on our email list! 
“I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just: that his justice cannot sleep forever...” - Thomas Jefferson
Case in point: the US Air Force has ordered 100 B21 raiders, a bomber that costs $560M each and drops nuclear as well as conventional bombs. 5 of those and it’s over for civilization as we know it, 10 and it’s over for the species. So obviously we do not need 100 of those planes.
The biggest problem with our lack of emotional sobriety on the topic of war is that the financial interests of warmongers are served by our denial and distractedness. Who will reap the karma there - just them, or will it not be all of us?
We often talk about less important things because to talk about the most important things would be too emotionally overwhelming. That’s why we don’t having the conversations we need to be having about how to create peace; to do so, we would have to face the harsh realities of war
My Whole Health Plan calls for an end to animal factory farms. This talk is a compelling call to all of us to reconsider how we think about, treat and eat animals. 
We should see large groups of desperate people as a national security risk. Desperate people do desperate things, and are more vulnerable to ideological capture by genuinely psychotic forces. Anything that helps people thrive increases the probability of peace on earth.
4 peacebuilding factors that increase the incidence of peace ; decrease the incidence of violence are: expanded economic opportunities for women, expanded educational opportunities for children, reduction of violence against women, ; the amelioration of unnecessary human despair.
Peacebuilding skills require as much sophistication and expertise as do military skills, and in many of the places practiced require just as much courage.
Four primary factors statistically  increase the incidence of peace ; decrease the incidence conflict: expanded economic opportunities for women, expanded educational opportunities for children, reduction of violence against women, ; the amelioration of unnecessary human despair.
Peacebuilding skills take as much sophistication and expertise as do military skills - and in some of the places practiced they take just as much courage.
You can’t just take medicine; you have to cultivate health. And we can’t just prepare for war; we have to cultivate peace. We need a Dept. of Peace and Peace Academy as well as Military Academy. We need an international goal of peace on earth by year 2200. 
 You wish. 
 There are no platitudes here 
 All of the above.
 Uh, no I do not...
 I didn’t go into that.
 No, I’m just clear about my own opinions.
 Corporations are an important part of the American economy obviously. The people who work there are important as well. The problem is when short term profit for their stockholders is given precedence over everyone and everything - including the well-being of people who work there
The thing about corporatism is that it isn’t even a good economic philosophy, except for a very small group of people who then win at the expense of the vast majority of people. Seeing wealth -creation as the product of human self-actualization is the key to our economic repair.
It’s not just changes in policy but change in paradigm that will create a new ; better future for America. When we stop bowing down to corporations and instead bow down before love, we will see serving people as the highest expression of collective as well as individual behavior.
The question that will determine the outcome of the 2020 election isn’t “Who can convince people?” Rather, it’s “Who can inspire people?” Those who fail to recognize the importance of emotional resonance in making a winning political argument overlook factors it will take to win.
The person who can override someone who is skilled at luring people into the dark is someone who is skilled at luring people into the light.
The emotional tenor of the moment two years ago was rage. But today, it's exhaustion. The question isn't what candidate can prosecute the angriest case against Donald Trump; the question is which candidate can best paint the picture of a compelling future for the American people.
"Who can win in the Midwest? What's the best way to go - Left, Right, or Center?" None of these are the relevant questions. Relevant is this: Who is fresh rather than stale, and who can win the votes of Republicans, Democrats and Independents alike through a message of the heart?
From a religious perspective, loving one another is the highest commandment. From a spiritual perspective, loving one another is the wisdom of the ages. From a political perspective, loving one another is just the smartest thing to do. Plus, today it’s the only survivable option.
Where members of a species take care of each other, surival of the species increases. Where members of a species abandon each other, survival of the species decreases. Making compassion our political organizing principle is simply the most strategic way to guarantee our survival.
We should make this question the core principle of all public policy: What would most help people thrive? This  will pave the way to greater peace ; prosperity for all. Turning love into a political force is not a pipe dream; it is simply a choice.
From free college tuition to removal of the college loan debt to universal health care to the expansion of Social Security to the adoption of a Universal Basic Income, we can transition from an economic to a humanitarian bottom line.
The United States needs a season of repair. Mine is an agenda for a politics of conscience, in which we will harness the power of American decency in service to the healing of our country. The pillars of this… 
 We don’t fine people for private insurance. We transition all private insurance into a non-profit model, although some heavily regulated profit-making supplementals can remain.
 Please read the plan. I think there’s a lot there you’re not registering…
We must repudiate an obsolete economic paradigm. Wealth isn't produced by giving all our money to corporations so they'll create jobs. Wealth is produced by bolstering the creativity ; productivity of every citizen through increased opportunity, so we ourselves can create wealth.
A world class school for every child, universal healthcare, free college ; removal of college loan debt, expansion of Social Security: none should be seen as pie-in-the-sky pipe dreams. They only seem "too expensive" because we're so invested in making huge corporations richer.
It's not enough to know what you want. The next step is to choose what you want ; not to be waylaid by voices telling you you can't have it. Americans have been trained to expect too little, to not demand what citizens with a govt "of, by and for the people" should simply expect.
 I appreciate the simplicity you’re after but it comes with a cost, including limitations on treatment ; treatment options. Re means testing: millionaires shouldn’t be subsidized for health care costs but others should. Something that’s affordable for everyone is not a compromise.
 That depends on which plan a person chooses. The simplicity you want - which I understand - also presents inflexibility in terms of treatment. This way, no matter what you earn you can afford it (sliding scale; govt subsidizes every option). Universal coverage exists with this.
Hurting people has quantifiable results but so does helping people…just not as quickly. Educating children, improving healthcare, doing what we can to help people thrive - It isn’t just the loving thing to do. It’s the smart thing to do if we want a peaceful ; prosperous America
The point isn’t only to make college tuition free or remove the college loan debt. The point is WHY we should do it. We should do it because it lifts the bar on what’s possible for people. The more people are able to live their dreams, the more peace and prosperity there will be.
 Twitter is not the same as speaking to voters in primary states, national press within the context of a political campaign etc. Speaking from the periphery can be influential, but speaking from within a candidacy is something else. It’s the difference between influence and power.
Ever since the 1980s, the corporate aristocracy has worked hard to defeat, demonize, and disable organized labor. The right of workers to earn a decent, dignified wage should be considered as sacred a commitment of a free society as should any other goal.
Many people say they want me to “stay in the conversation,” but you can’t stay in the conversation if you’re not staying in the race. Please donate today so the conversation can continue!
When 1% of the population owns more wealth than the bottom 90%, the last people you should be asking for economic advice are the people who created that situation.
Limiting people’s opportunities to thrive for sake of a phantom belief it wouldn’t be good economics is simply a tool of the master to keep the slave confused. Such economic nonsense serves only the economic good of a few at the expense of many. Time for the many to wake up now.
 Absolutely!
There’s a difference between a political system ; a political establishment. Our political system is one of the most awesome if not the most awesome ever created. Our political establishment is an entrenched, elitist obstruction to the higher functioning of our political system.
The biggest obstacle to changing the world is the belief that we can’t.
Our economic system was invented before women had a voice in the public realm; raising children was considered women’s work. But we do have a voice now. We should be using it to rescue children from the ravages of living in a world that views their welfare as a secondary concern.
All public policy should be built around one core principle: do that which would help people thrive. Current policies - economic, educational, environmental etc - do more to thwart than support people in living their highest potential. The way to heal the world is to reverse that
I’m not focused on fighting Trump, but on creating policies that help people thrive. He’s like an opportunistic infection: only there because of a weakened societal immune system. Pres Trump didn’t create the deeper underlying problems; the deeper underlying problems created him.
System that could be: Do justice, repair earth, right wrongs, feed children, heal wounds, treat cause - vs. System that is: Withhold justice, desecrate earth, exacerbate wrongs, harm children, deepen wounds, tinker with symptoms.  The choice is ours. 
We need a massive realignment of investment in the direction of America’s children. To make this country everything it can be 10 years from now, we should take better care of our 10-year-olds today. 
With a Department of Children and Youth, we will be able to coordinate and oversee solutions that address the extraordinary vulnerabilities and challenges of millions of American children today. 
From community wraparound services to trauma informed education to nutritional ; mental counseling to anti-bullying to violence prevention to mindfulness in schools, we will rescue American children no differently than if they were victims of a natural disaster. Because they are.
Psychologists say the PTSD of millions of American children is no less severe than that of returning veterans from Afghanistan and Iraq, simply from living with the daily pressures put upon them. We will not ignore these pressures; we’ll address them.
 
My agenda? A season of moral repair: establish economic justice, rescue millions of traumatized children, heal the earth, wage peace, ; create health as well as treat sickness. They’re fundamental pattern disruptions, shifting the US from an economic to humanitarian bottom line.
My Whole Health Plan brings healthcare into the 21st-century where it belongs...
Discussing the campaign industrial complex and much more with Joe Madison on Sirius XM 
“A virulent strain of capitalism has corrupted our government and hijacked Americas moral value system.” Few things more fun than laying down something like that on Bloomberg TV! 
 I don’t agree on that one, but I respect your opinion. I certainly understand that capitalist enterprise unguided by conscience and ethics, existing only to increase short-term profits for stockholders, can be dangerous thing.
We need more than a president who provides access to healthcare: we also need a president who provides access to health. No more food deserts, contaminated water, food ; air. Companies that knowingly poison for the sake of $ will be held accountable in a Williamson administration
McDonald’s can’t make the same french fries in France that it makes in the US. Why? Because in France, and other places too, they regulate more what toxins ; carcinogens are allowed in food. We put corporate profits before health ; safety in far too many cases ; it needs to stop!
Health creation is wealth creation. Healthier people spend less money on healthcare costs and so does the government; and healthier people are happier, and therefore more productive and creative. The US economy will be far more prosperous when the American people are healthier.
Read my Whole Health Plan for a 21st C approach to healthcare, one that deals with diet ; lifestyle and prevention as well as providing universal ; affordable access to care. Study it, get to know it, send it around ; shout about it at Thanksgiving dinner!
A system that economically rewards food, chemical, agribusiness, and oil and gas companies in a way that makes for greater sickness probability, then rewards health insurance and big pharmaceutical companies in dominating treatment, is a system that needs some serious shaking up.
 I hope you’re read it. No one lacks coverage
A system that passes policy after policy almost guaranteed to increase economic ; societal anxiety then claims we should be able to look to them to solve the mental health crisis. I have an idea what they should do about it: “Stop driving everybody crazy!” 
Huge corporations making billions of dollars profit on exploiting human suffering is an immoral economic construct, yet that’s unfortunately the model now organizing both our politics ; society.  The status quo will not disrupt itself. Only the people can. 
I was on the Joe Madison show on SiriusXM this morning, unveiling my Whole Health Plan. The plan revolutionizes our health care paradigm, moving it from a primary treatment focus to a primary prevention focus, from a… 
Today’s health care system puts an unbalanced focus on treating the symptoms of illness at the expense of treating their cause. I want to do more than provide health care; we’ll also provide greater opportunities for health. Here’s my Whole Health Plan 
On the Joe Madison show this morning on Sirius XM Urban View Channel 126.  Unveiling my Whole Health Plan today! Will post Plan on  within hours...
“Every time we see a public school teacher we should say, “Thank you for your service.”
 They didn’t move in the 1950s, and the taxes were much higher then. Many more stay. Stop incentivizing companies leaving! Taxes should discourage capital flight, not encourage it.
 How do we not have cash if we repeal ‘17 $2T tax cut (gave $.83 of every $1 to richest individuals ; corporations), put back in middle class cut, stop corp.subsidies, cut military spending to what they actually say they need, tax 3% on 1B assets and 2% on +50M? That’s lots of $.
To those who are saying “I just want to support someone who can win,” I hope you’ll look at this video. I respectfully submit that I’m the one who can. 
There’s  no point trying to assuage pain on the periphery unless we’re willing to challenge the underlying forces that make all the pain in evitable. That’s why my Whole Health Plan regulates the poisonous effects of irresponsible food, chemical, pharma ; environmental policies.
Big Pharma lobbed Congress last year at $284 million. Oil ; gas at $125 million. That’s why our govt does more to advocate for short-term profits for health insurance, Big Pharma, gun manufacturers, chemical, oil and gas ; gun manufacturers than it does for our safety and health.
We should have total public funding of federal campaigns. That is the only way to get the dark money out of politics. As president that will be my first piece of legislation to submit because the undue influence of money on our politics is the cancer underlying all other cancers.
 Great for democracy. If someone doesn’t agree with everything you have to say, they should shut up?
 But what, exactly? I should just shut up now? Since people like yourself have so bought into the false narratives put out by those who don’t want the inconvenience of my disruptive conversation, I should just be a good girl and go away now? Really...?
 You’re so adorable.
 You haven’t seen my plan yet!
With two billionaires (both nice people, actually) spending tens of millions of dollars on TV ads, it’s time for Americans to ask whether we think the presidency should be so easily bought. If this assault on our democracy doesn’t call for a non-violent revolution then what does?
My WHOLE HEALTH PLAN will be released tomorrow. Why are so many American sick to begin with? No point just paying to treat sickness when so many forces are allowed to poison us! My administration will provide more than healthcare; we’ll provide greater opportunities for health.
 I will make sure and relay your message to the people in South Carolina who are hosting this event. I’m sure they will appreciate your instruction.
I’m speaking at the Faith and Values Forum in Rock Hill, South Carolina today at 4pm.
So grateful to the inimitable Deepak Chopra for how he has supported the campaign. His endorsement means so much to me. Please join us either live in New York City on December 16 or via livestream for a benefit fundraiser. Let’s goooooo, everybody!!!  
Donate NOW! Sometimes Love says “Stop right there.” Join a humanitarian revolt against the soulless forces of corporate authoritarianism. Create the revolution in consciousness that will transform our politics and help transform the world...... 
America’s food supply is not what it should be, and no conversation about good health can leave that out. Check out my food policies...
Come join us! Volunteer in Iowa during this last stretch of the campaign. Email Jua
Going LIVE with at 4:30pm CT - follow this link to join us  
This country should not be run like a business, it should be run like a family: our highest priority to take care our children ; our elderly. Every school should be a palace of learning, culture ; the arts. And Social Security should not just be protected, it should be expanded.
We need more than a shift in policies: we need a shift in paradigm, from an economic to a humanitarian bottom line.
A virulent strain of capitalism has no use for anyone that does not serve it. The populations given shortest shift by a government that now serves that strain as such a faithful servant, are children and the elderly.
My event with will be livestreamed - details coming soon.
Join Deepak and me in New York on Monday, December 16 ... Love in Action ... Details Here:  
Miss me?
“I’m 14 and I’ve seen things that kids my age are not supposed to see.”  
We need a mother in the White House... 
Today is World Children’s Day - a day to celebrate children and to rededicate ourselves to their wellbeing. No better way to do that than to establish the Department of Children and Youth. 
Fear and hate are profound motivators not just personally but also politically. And so is love. There are far more lovers than haters in this country but haters are politicized and convicted and on the move. Lovers among us need to display as much conviction as do those who hate.
What we have now represents a quantum leap backwards; the only thing that can change that is a quantum leap forward. The politics of fear will only be overridden by a politics of love: Love of each other, love of our children, love of the earth, love of justice and love of peace.
 Doubt I ever had it.
Trump administration’s  decision to legitimize West Bank settlements is bad for the Palestinians, bad for Israel ; bad for the world. America’s main ally should be humanity itself: the only way to demonstrate that re Israel-Palestinian politics is to stand for a 2 state solution.
Our national goal when I’m president: a world w/out war by 2100. We need Peace Games as well as War Games ; a peace Academy as well as a military Academy. “Mankind must put an end to war or  war will put an end to mankind.” JFK 
New Talk from Democratic Presidential Candidate Marianne Williamson in Omaha, Nebraska! 
Self-appointed president Anez is suppressing opposition in Bolivia, the country now descending into violence after   coup against Evo Morales. The United States MUST stand on the side of the people and demand free, democratic elections.
Only a candidate who’s telling outrageous truths will be able to defeat a candidate who’s telling outrageous lies. 
I’m praying this morning for the protesters in Hong Kong and for those who love them. May peace and understanding prevail.
 Wait. So you think helping people live better lives and advancing democracy is something we shouldn’t do because it will help China??
 You could’ve started with the nice stuff:)
 Thanks for the instruction. I’ll get right on it.
My plan for peace focuses on the amelioration of human suffering as the core of conflict-prevention; support for advancement of democracy before advancement of US corporate interests; and development, diplomacy ; humanitarian aid before military dominance. 
“We need to change the bottom line in this country from an economic bottom line to a humanitarian bottom line.” 
A policy here ; a policy there won’t fix it. A plan here ; a plan there won’t fix it. Treating symptoms isn’t enough; we have to address cause. If we only address external level then forces that are a problem now will be back in ‘22 and ‘24. Gotta go deep. 
Spirituality is the path of the heart. The the problem with American politics is how many of our public policies are heartless. 
I have no problem calling myself a capitalist. It’s not capitalism per se but a virulent strain of capitalism that has corrupted our govt ; highjacked America’s value system. Capitalism, like any public institution, should display ethics ; moral consideration for people ; planet.
We shouldn’t just save Social Security; we should expand it. We should scrap the cap so we all continue to pay into it no matter how much money we make. Plus UBI should be extended to everyone even after 65. High near-poverty rate among so many Seniors is completely unacceptable.
If you feel like moving to Iowa to volunteer for Marianne2020 please contact jua
We need to totally repudiate the underpinnings of a now corrupt political system in which we have allowed the basic tenet of government “of the people, by the people, and for the people” to be hollowed out in favor of a corporate aristocracy. Only we the people can make it change
Our country shouldn’t be run like a business, we should be run like a family. We should put the welfare of our children ; elderly at the top of the list of our national priorities, not the bottom. Yet with corporate profits America’s false God, American people are left to suffer.
The incredible challenges and vulnerabilities faced by the American child today form an invisible crisis, made up of so many millions of pieces that we are not seeing it in its totality. From health to education to their very safety, we are massively failing them as a society.
 Incorrect.
Just as President Johnson declared a War on Poverty in the 1960’s, it’s time for America to rededicate itself to the alleviation of suffering among those who live in poverty. 
 I love you and appreciate you. There was a misunderstanding there...💖
 ?
 "We need to change the bottom line in this country from an economic bottom line to a humanitarian bottom line.
Excellent that Rodney Reed will not be executed next week, but it should never have had to come to that. Many have been executed who were later proved to have been innocent. The death penalty is barbaric and should be abolished.
Love is radical 
Someone asked how to apply spirituality to politics; spirituality is simply the path of the heart. Our policies re the poor are heartless. Our policies re children are heartless. Our policies re the earth are heartless. Our policies re criminal justice are heartless. CHANGE THEM.
Come Join Marianne on the National Volunteer call at 8:30pm EST ✨Please click the link below to join the webinar: - Sarah, Team Marianne 2020
This isn’t a time to just talk about problems or even solutions. It’s time to take action. Join with me in doing so... 
There are times that are an emergency, and this is such a time. This is not a time for any of us to think only about ourselves. We must think about our country. We must think about our children. We must think about the state of our humanity. 
 You don’t want to give up your guns? Well we’re tired of giving up our children...
 Yes I will mention laws that could prevent this: an assault weapons ban. Universal background checks. Closing loopholes, gun show and boyfriend. Outlawing bump stocks. Licensing guns. Enough with saying “There are already the laws on the books.” No there are not.
What can you do? There’s plenty you can do; there are elections next year! Make sure your congressman has a D or F from the NRA; otherwise, do everything  you can to make sure they lose next year. If you have a Senate race, make sure you support someone who’d rank D or F from NRA
“This is not just a political problem; it’s a moral problem. It’s that we have not yet intervened with a political system so cravenly obedient to corporate profits—in this case, the profits of gun manufacturers—over the health and safety of our children.”
Active shooter situation now at Santa Clarita, Ca. high school. May all of us who pray now pray - for blessing for the victims of this horror, for forgiveness for our country that we’ve allowed such things to fester ; for the strength to be the people who rise up ; say “No more!”
Every generation decides for itself what chapter it will write in the ongoing American story. 
 Interview: on building an "economics of love"  
 YES!!!
 I am announcing my Whole Health Plan shortly.
 Everyone in need, if and when helped, is potentially the creative and productive rich person.  Life is a continuum, not a stack of categories into which we are stuck forever.
 
America needs to start spending far more money on ways to improve people’s lives (schools, peace) ; far less on ways to destroy people’s lives (prisons, war). That perversion of our values, codified in public policy for no other reason than profit, must be challenged ; rejected.
Our greatest source of wealth-creation is the creativity and productivity of the American people. Therefore anything that allows people greater access to the realization of their own potential - healthcare, education, culture - should be seen as a boost not a suck on our economy.
We need to change more than policy; we need to change paradigm. Switch from improving the economy as a way to improve humanity’s lot, to improving humanity’s lot as a way to improve the economy AND improve humanity. We need to shift from an economic to a humanitarian bottom line.
Thank you, Nathaniel! 
Peace is very serious business. 
Yep. That’s why we need a different kind of president... 
If everyone who supports the campaign gives $10 right now, our conversation will remain in the mix. Please take the time to do this. It will make the difference between whether or not we can continue...(and please spread the word) 
If you’re not on the campaign  mailing list, please join. 
The war underneath all the others is the war for the soul of America. We cannot be great if we are not good, and nothing says good like seeking to wage peace in our hearts and in the world around us. War is very serious business. And so is peace. 
We spend 53 cents of every dollar on defense related expenditures, while far more economic prosperity derives from investment in education and infrastructure. Same skills and expertise can be transitioned and repurposed! That is the shift from a war economy to a peace economy.
“In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military- industrial-complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist.” - Dwight Eisenhower. Oh it persists.
Younger generations of Americans have never experienced a time when we were not at war, normalizing what is in fact an aberrational state of humanity.
Yesterday we honored our veterans. Today there is no greater honor we could show them than to disenthrall ourselves of the illusion that constant war preparedness is our best and only path to peace. We cannot prepare for war enough that we will simply back up into peace.
“Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.” - Dwight Eisenhower, Supreme commander of Allied Forces in World War II, 34th President of US
“America is great because she is good. If America ceases to be good, America will cease to be great.” - Alexis de Tocqueville
The separation of Church and State is important but often misunderstood... 
Live from Las Vegas! Democratic Presidential Candidate Marianne Williamson 
The heart of Veteran’s Day 
Today is Veterans Day and my thoughts are with those who served. What they went through, and what they’re going through now, should be on every American’s mind... 
This is a very pregnant moment in American history. On one hand some things are terrible; there’s no doubt about that. On the other hand, so many people have now gotten a taste of serious governmental malfunction that there’s an openness to fundamental repair and a new beginning.
 While many Democratic presidential candidates have dropped out of the 2020 race, says she will run "as long…
My opening statement last night from the Environmental Justice Presidential Forum at 
Nothing will fundamentally change until American capitalism morally self-corrects, and that’s what’s possible now. It’s not capitalism itself but a virulent strain of it that has corrupted our government and highjacked America’s value system. I’m for capitalism with a conscience.
From environmental toxins to dangerous pesticides to carcinogens in food to contaminants in water, we’re poisoning ourselves so corporate interests can increase profits and not worry about all those pesky health and safety regulations. This needs to STOP. 
Until we address the underlying problem with America’s food supply, we can’t tackle healthcare in a meaningful way. Cause and not just symptom, people! My Whole Health Plan coming shortly... 
More Americans are chronically ill than in other advanced democracies. We need more than to provide free healthcare; we need healthier food, water, air ; more. We will do more than provide a way to treat sickness; we will provide more ways to prevent sickness ; cultivate health.
 That would be me.
Thank you! 
A politics of conscience belongs on TV. Help raise a million dollars for TV ads! 
Thank you, Democracy Now and South Carolina State University! 
 I will be coming out with my health care plan within a week or two. Stay tuned...
"Our goal is to create a beloved community and this will require a qualitative change in our souls as well as a quantitative change in our lives.” - Martin Luther King Jr.
In terms of where we're going, the contest of our era is between exclusion v. inclusion. In terms of process, the contest is between those who think "they know better" v.  an organic flow of intelligence that emerges from empowered citizens. The 1st is elitism; the 2nd democracy.
We need WW2 level mass mobilization to reverse climate change ; heal the earth. This requires change in our hearts as well as a change in environmental policy. An era of irreverence must now transition into an era of devotion to the well-being of the world 
Humanity’s arrogance ; lack of reverence towards the earth ; our fellow human beings over the last 50 yrs has left us needing a Season of Repair. Not just a policy change here and there, but a fundamental reckoning with how much damage has been done and how much repair is needed.
Environmental degradation and ecosystem collapse aren’t just problems coming at us in the future. They are problems already devastating communities ; in many cases communities least equipped to absorb the damage.The damage is to our land, property, and most importantly our health
In SC for forum on environmental justice. Huge issue with water contaminants everywhere.  We regulate 70,000 chemicals but 130,000 in commercial use. Contaminants in water in Denmark, SC ; govt complicit in leaving it untreated. Same w “forever chemicals” in Merrimack River in NH
The social and educational realities of millions of American children shouldn’t be something they and their parents are hoping they can “escape.” Any child without the social ; educational opportunities they need is a sign of failure on the part of our society and I will fix that
My policies are part of a paradigmatic shift in American society. We need to front end our resources! Every agency that works with kids needs vastly more resources - way more than just additional funds. We need a massive new societal commitment to our kids 
Violence in our society begins with violence against children. Tech companies reported 45 million impressions of sexual violence ; abuse against children on the Internet last year. Our society needs ; when I’m president we will have a massive realignment of investment in our kids
Only a massive realignment of investment in our children, teachers and schools will ameliorate the dangerous social powder keg underlying American society. We can’t just treat symptoms. The cause of all societal dysfunction begins with despair among parents, children ; families.
America has the right social workers, counselors, teachers ; early childhood experts. They’re with the kids every day; they know what we need and they know what to do. But only a small % of our underserved kids get the help they need, feeding a multi-generational trend of despair
Most don’t realize the high incidence of social ; emotional trauma among kids - and teachers! - today. Starting with pre-school we must provide more than education; we must provide entrance into a better life. We need social and emotional learning and trauma-informed education.
I meet teachers everywhere with worried looks on their faces, comments like “I can’t take it anymore” ; “Someone  should listen to the teachers.” If you want to see America’s future, look at our public schools. If you want to improve America’s future, listen to our teachers.
We’re already in the habit of saying “Thank you for your service” when we meet military personnel. We should also say “Thank you for your service” every time we meet a public school teacher.
 Yep
The basis of every public policy should be this: what would most help people thrive? When that becomes our political consensus, peace and prosperity will prevail. We’ve been walking in the wrong direction for so long that common sense sounds almost strange.
Only a revolution of love is powerful enough to disrupt patterns of soulless economics ; politics. We cannot wait any longer. Once such forces take complete control of governments ; economies, individual voices of conscience will mean nothing. Now is the time to politicize love.
 So you don’t call the First Amendment part of the Constitution...?
When hate is shouting it is not enough for love to whisper. Voices of the heart must not stand on the sidelines now. Conscience, not economics, should be the guiding principle of all public policy. This is not naive; it’s the only survivable option for both democracy and humanity
Greatest energy source for the engine of prosperity in the years ahead lies not in the ground or even the wind or the sun. It lies in the brainpower of every child. That’s why I want a national goal of every school in America being a palace of learning and culture and the arts.
For 40 years all ethical and moral considerations were left out of public policy discussions, paving a way for unnecessary suffering of millions of people both here and abroad. Spiritual voices are exactly the ones who should now rise up ; say, “No more!”  
But spirituality is not religion; it’s simply the path of the heart. The Founders weren’t seeking to suppress the spiritual life of the nation. Rather, they were seeking to protect it! Any path that deviates from the path of the heart, whether private or public,  is dysfunctional
The Separation of Church and State is one of the most enlightened aspects of the Constitution. It protects government from interference by religious authorities and it protects religion (or even atheism) from interference by governmental authorities.
Immoral and unjust to base educational funding on property taxes, leaving financially advantaged children with good chance of high quality public education and financially disadvantaged children with less high quality one. This needs to change. 
We will heal America when we commit to America, not just with words but with policy. When we commit to rescuing millions of underserved children, commit to repairing the earth, commit to health, commit to peace, commit to justice ; commit to each other...that’s when we will heal.
Democrats are starting to focus in now on what it will take to win in 2020. What it will take is bold new ideas. What it will take is an emotional connection with voters. What it will take is someone who inspires Republicans and Independents to join us in creating a new America.
I have affection for several of my fellow candidates, but the generosity of this one is particularly touching. Thank you, Andrew! 
The ads we’re preparing are so powerful, supporters will be very proud. Contribute NOW so we’ll have the million dollars to put them everywhere! Our deadline is November 20... 
The old way of looking at it is to improve your economy in order to uplift humanity. Rather we should uplift humanity and that will improve the economy. 
Live from Pomona College! Democratic Presidential Candidate Marianne Williamson 
We’re a cool one million dollars away from my voice being heard in the final stretch of the campaign. Imagine TV ads about Dept. of Peace, Dept. of Children and Youth, Reparations, Whole Health Care Plan and more...Let’s DO this! 
Grateful for the support of some of America’s wisest voices... 
 Except no it’s not. Public policies that guarantee equality of opportunity are not inherently socialistic or capitalistic. With proper financial regulation, we can have capitalism with a conscience.
There are over half million people homeless in America on any given night, 100,000 of them children. This is not just a homelessness problem or a housing problem. It is a poverty problem. It is a moral problem. It is a problem with our national priorities. 
It’s not enough to say we don’t agree with this or that unfair law. It’s not enough to say we feel terrible about this or that person’s suffering. We must act in a way that creates the political will to end systematic patterns of injustice that keep so many lives in chronic pain.
There are far more lovers than haters out there, in this country and in the world. But haters hate with conviction today and conviction creates political force. To change the world, those who love must display as much conviction behind our love as some display behind their hate.
 I’ll be revealing my health care plan within a week or two.
All public policy should be based on one core principle: what would help people thrive. Yet that  commonsense prescription for creating peace and prosperity is totally at odds with the principle that our society should be organized by the dictates of short term corporate profits.
Bad public policy created the problem of wealth inequality in our society today ; good public policy can solve it. Repeal the 2017 $2T tax cut, put back in the middle class cut, stop unfair corporate subsidies, lower drug prices, cut excess military spending ; tax extreme wealth.
41 million people live in poverty ; 93 million live in near poverty. Those are not just numbers, they’re real people living with serious economic anxiety: what will happen if they or one of their kids get sick, how they’ll send their kids to college or pay off their college loans
Wealth inequality - 1 % of Americans owning more wealth than the bottom 90% - didn't just happen. It didn't exist like this in the 1970's. Tax policies, corporate subsidies, deregulation and outright give-aways created the greatest mass transfer of wealth in our history.
Democrats swept Virginia in their election today and Kentucky elected a Democratic Governor. The American people are saying "No" to something that has failed us, and "Yes" to the possibility of another way. Congratulations to those who worked so hard to make it happen.
In the 20th Century, Americans transitioned too often from rugged individualism to rugged narcissism. In the 21st C let’s embrace the understanding that our highest purpose is a purpose we share: to repair our country, and help to heal the entire world.
All of us can do big things, but none of us alone can do the biggest things. None of us alone can save all the children who need us, but together we can. None of us alone can repair the earth, but together we can. None of us alone can wage peace in the world, but together we can.
Each of us carries so much good inside us, like unmined gold. Discovering it, then bringing it to the surface and expressing it in whatever way we can, is the purpose of our lives. Now imagine us doing that not only singly but collectively. That is what politics can and should be
No person should live only for one's self, and no generation should live only for itself. Over the next 12 years we need a World War II level mass mobilization to reverse climate change - a gift to descendants who we will never even know. 
 I agree! Lol Just sent an email about that.
“We can’t be great if we’re not good.” 
In the words of Thomas Paine, "We have it in our power to begin the world over again.” So do we, if we’re willing to imagine the world as it should be and intentionally work to create it. 
Just as we don’t only take medicine but also need to cultivate health, our national security agenda should include more $ for efforts to proactively cultivate peace. Peace games as well as war games; soul force as well as brute force; a Peace Academy as well as a Military Academy
Large groups of desperate people are a a national security risk, whether in a US city or in a corner elsewhere in the world. Desperate people do desperate things ; are more vulnerable to ideological capture by genuinely psychotic forces. One of the reasons for a US Dept of Peace.
The ultimate purpose of all human endeavor is to reduce suffering and to uplift the human condition. This is true of our political as well as our personal behavior, and when we realize it then the world will repair itself and peace will prevail. 
Humanitarian principles should replace economic principles as society’s bottom line. It will improve both the state of our humanity AND the state of our economy.
 I will be speaking at Scripps earlier in the day! 
Yesterday at Franklin Pierce University in New Hampshire... 
 I don’t want to get involved in that kind of negativity towards anyone but particularly towards another woman. Character assassination ; smear have no place in our public dialogue. The first place violence needs to end is in our hearts. The lies ; insults ; shut downs need to end
Only a politics of conscience will defeat a politics of fear. Only outrageous truthtelling will defeat outrageous lies. Only outrageous love will defeat outrageous hate. 
“The alien who resides with you shall be to you as the citizen among you; you shall love the alien as yourself, for you were aliens in the land of Egypt: I am the Lord your God.”Leviticus 19:34 
Ronald Reagan gave amnesty to 8M undocumented immigrants. In order to end an aberrational chapter of American history and begin a new one we should do the same. If someone has worked here, contributed here ; violated no law here, they should be given amnesty. Let’s begin again.
Seeking asylum in this country is a statutory right, not a crime. All 4 of my grandparents came through Ellis Island escaping persecution. The demonization of the immigrant and the cruel tightening of our immigration laws under the current administration is an assault on us all
My father was an immigration lawyer. I grew up with a visceral understanding that the immigrant contributes as much to this country as this country contributes to the immigrant. Before 1973 all an undocumented person needed to do was to walk down to the registry office ; register
Public policy should be guided by ethics. Public policy guided by a soulless, amoral finger of unfettered short-term corporate profit maximization has eroded our democracy and led to untold, unnecessary human suffering. It’s time for the people to step in. 
It was a pleasure speaking at Yale  last week... Speaking at the Claremont colleges this week… I love reminding people who were hardly even born in the 20th C that there’s no reason for them to live at the effect of bad ideas left over from that time . 
Every generation has to discover its own passion for democracy. It can’t be bequeathed. It has to be claimed and reclaimed. 
Live from Franklin Pierce University! Democratic Presidential Candidate Marianne Williamson 
 In my recent interview with US Presidential Candidate she shared why this is a time we are all called se…
 True.
The late Supreme Court justice Lewis Brandeis said we could have large amounts of money concentrated in the hands of a few, or we could have democracy – that we cannot have both. Ending the travesty of trickle down economics will return our economy to justice, hope ; opportunity.
For 40 years - through tax cuts, subsidies, deregulation ; outright giveaways - we’ve made a massive transfer of wealth into hands of 1%, who now own more wealth than the bottom 90%. And no, they’re not the only “job creators.” Small businesses create only a small # of fewer jobs
 I’m not running for president thinking I’d be “better at it” than someone else; I’m running to offer a particular vision of where we are ; an agenda for where I believe America should go now. It’s totally up to the voters to decide whether they choose that agenda for the country.
Hey New Hampshirites! Meet me at Revelstoke Coffee in Concord at 10 o’clock today to hear my vision for America, then at 11 we’ll go together to the Statehouse to file my candidacy for the NH primary! 
The philosophy of nonviolence, created by Gandhi for Indian Independence movement ; MLKJr. in struggle for US civil rights, says purifying our hearts is a necessary part of purifying society; “the end is inherent in the means.” Hating the haters limits our power to cast out hate.
Speaking at Problem Solver Convention, in New Hampshire  - link to the livestream:
For those of you who saw Democratic candidates speaking from Iowa yesterday at the “Liberty and Justice for All” event,   just know that it cost $160,000 to be on the stage.
So many things scare us until we remember who we are. But once we do remember, the things that scare us begin to recede... 
Teaching children to associate a heartless act with fun and games is something that should never happen, least of all in a government facility in the United States. We must reject this kind of thing passionately and unequivocally. 
“Those who make peaceful revolution impossible make violent revolution inevitable,” said JFK. Only a peaceful revolution will overthrow the authoritarian corporatism that’s become such a soulless political force in our midst. The contemporary patriot is a peaceful revolutionary.
We need a political coalition made of humanitarians, seekers, artists, healers, religiously ; spiritually devoted, scientists, teachers and all lovers of conscience. Political disengagement among too much of America’s best has left us in the thrall of too much of America’s worst.
For every hater, there are innumerable lovers. For every bigot there are innumerable lovers. For every racist there are innumerable lovers. For every anti-Semite there are innumerable lovers. For every homophobe, there are innumerable lovers. The lovers just need to get busy now.
A fear-based politics has infected our country, emanating unfortunately from the president himself and taking hold throughout America. Being deeply concerned about this is reasonable but our goodness will prevail. A politics of fear will have no power when confronted by our love.
The undue influence of money on our political system is the cancer underlying all the other cancers. Given the current make-up of the Supreme Court, we will not be able to overturn Citizens United anytime soon. But we can pass legislation to establish public funding of campaigns.
Whether you’re an individual or a country, you can’t have the future you want unless you’re willing to clean up the past. 
All my best to and his family. I’m thinking of you and wish you well. You’re part of America’s political family now. Don’t stay away too long...
Over the next 12 years, we need a World War II level mass mobilization to reverse climate change. We need to change our thinking from “Well, we’ll change a few things,” to “Wow, we’re going to change almost everything!” And the world will be so much better 
Money doesn’t come from corporate aristocrats dropping crumbs from their table in the form of job creation; money comes from the creativity and productivity of the American people. If you want to create a healthy economy, do everything possible to help people live their dreams. 
Love on the pulpit, love on the streets, and love in the voting booth... 
Staid and traditional political strategy will be no match for the Cambridge-Analytica style onslaught that’s coming towards us. The answer lies outside the box! What will defeat outrageous lies is outrageous truth; fear-based politics dismantles reason but love dismantles fear.
Prayers for Californians in the vicinity of the fire. I hope you can feel the love and good energy people are sending your way from all over the world. Special prayers of protection for the brave and amazing responders. May all evacuees be comforted and blessed.
Great new article by Robert Koehler. When a police officer becomes a Buddhist: “I know it is possible to aspire to be kind and compassionate as a police officer, and that, that way, the job is safer and more fulfilling.” 
In 2017 more than 120 bills described as anti-LGBTQIA+ were introduced across 30 states and a frightening percentage have become law. We need to pass the Equality Act to give special federal protection to what has become in some cases a targeted community. 
Thank you, Martin! 
 Author Marianne Williamson's first television campaign ad of the 2020 election cycle focuses on reparations and will run this week…
Thank you + for having me on the  podcast. Tune-in to hear about my plan for reparations, and incorporating spirituality in my campaign for president:  
Today’s the day Iowa students cast their vote in the Iowa Youth Straw Poll. Happy to participate in this year’s event 
 The more people are educated, the more access they have to their own creativity ; productivity. The more people have access to their creativity ; productivity, the more economic abundance is created for the entire society. Helping anyone get educated is an investment in everyone.
Withholding high quality education from children for no other reason than that they are poor is not just an education issue, it’s a moral issue. Putting more resources into war than into peace not just a political issue, it’s a moral issue. America needs a moral season of repair.
Econ injustice not just an economic issue, it’s a moral issue. Injustice in criminal sentencing not just a justice issue, it’s a moral issue. Desecrating earth not just an environmental issue, it’s a moral issue. Military adventurism  not just a military issue, it’s a moral issue
Americans aren’t subdued by guns or even by bad laws. We’re subdued by MindFog. By the purposely created illusion that things are more complicated than they actually are. By the obscene suggestion that there’s something more important than doing right by the people of the world.
Our govt does more to advocate for the ability of those who already have a lot to get even more, and harder for those who do not have any to even make it at all. We must shift from an economic to humanitarian bottom line, to improve both the state of  our economy and our humanity
Repeal the 2017 $2T tax cut. Put back in the middle class cut. Stop corporate subsidies. Let govt negotiate w/ big Pharma to reduce drug prices. Limit military spending to what the military says they need, not what defense contractors say they just want. EW correct on wealth tax.
The American people have been mentally trained to expect too little, to ask “Pretty please” for things which their own taxes should be paying for. Let’s free ourselves of the illusion that it’s  good economics to transfer huge amounts of wealth into the hands of just a few people
When healthcare ; tuition at free state colleges ; universities is free, ; the college loan debt is completely cancelled, it will be a massive infusion of economic hope ; opportunity plus the  removal of chronic stress ; anxiety from the lives of millions. That’s what govt is FOR
Hey, Charleston. Please join me for a campaign event this evening in Mount Pleasant! 6:00 pm1256 Ben Sawyer Blvd atSatsang Yoga
A political status quo will not willingly repair itself; a status quo exists only to perpetuate itself. It’s not up to them now, it’s up to us. It’s time for the people to step in. 
My father was a fighter for social justice. When my career began he said to me “What happened to you? I raised you to fight the system!” I said “Daddy, I haven’t forgotten. But love is the greatest revolution!” I shared thoughts of him at Howard University 
I had the honor of speaking Sunday morning This was during the receiving line… 
Marianne Williamson Live from Rock Hill, SC! 
“The same psychological, emotional and spiritual dynamics the prevail within the journey of one person’s life prevail within the journey of a nation.” My talk at Yale... 
Thank you 💗 
I lived in metro Detroit for eight years, during which time John Conyers was a good friend and mentor to me. He was a shining light in many ways and I will miss him. May he Rest In Peace and may his family be comforted.
Hey was just informed by college Dems at George Washington U that supporters of yours in Pete t-shirts plan to attend my talk tonight and walk out when I start speaking. I thought you’d want to know right away, as this is totally out of keeping with your campaign.
ISIS has caused immeasurable suffering ; destruction; the death of Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi was an important, much needed action to defeat it. Praise and thanks for the military bravery and brilliance that carried out the mission.
The debates are essentially a reality TV show in which the DNC partners with corporate media to choose ; exalt the candidates they feel should be in the running. It is an incestuous insider game, perhaps well intentioned on the part of its perpetrators but poisonous to democracy. 
We need a WW2 level mass mobilization in order to reverse climate change, enrolling every segment of American society in answering the greatest moral and scientific challenge of our time. 
A species that displays behavior maladaptive to its survival either evolves beyond that behavior, or it goes extinct. Our outrageous subsidies to the oil and gas industry are an example of maladaptive behavior. 
Thank you Pritesh!  
I don't see the problem with the president as his lack of experience. I think the problem is his lack of ethics and his lack of visceral taste for the traditions of democracy. 
Live from Philadelphia! Marianne Williamson speaking at First Unitarian Church of Philadelphia 
On love, apathy, and presidential politics... 
Donate as generously as you can so our message can be spread far and wide. Now is the time!... 
The US will be a violent society until we decide to be nonviolent. Our task, if we do decide that, is to proactively and intentionally wage peace. 
The military has more than 130 bands with more than 6000 musicians, costing about a half-billion dollars a year. Meanwhile the National Endowment for the Arts gets $155M, a paltry amount compared to other advanced democracies. Arts ; artists should be robustly funded ; supported!
Here was my talk earlier today at the National Press Club in Washington DC 
As a nation, we can’t be great if we’re not good. 
 rocked it on C Span today. Support her, any amount,  
Thank you to and for a great opportunity to share my views today about a US Department of Peace. 
Once you see certain things you can’t unsee them. Seeing things that are difficult, yet being willing to face them, is prelude to transformation on both a personal and a global scale. We need to think differently, act differently, and vote differently now. 
 Yes, yes and yes.
“For the last 15 years, I’ve seen too many people in trouble who shouldn’t be in trouble.” My recent interview with Cenk Uygur on The Young Turks 
  Join me tomorrow, live on CSPAN, to discuss the establishment of a US Department of Peace 
In the words of H.G. Wells, “If we don’t end war, war will end us.” It is thoroughly irresponsible of us to NOT discuss how we can create a more peaceful world. In the words of Dennis Kucinich, “We must challenge the belief that war is inevitable.” We must do this and do it now.
Given the nuclear weapons that exist today, can we afford to only have policies geared toward keeping some people from having them? Shouldn’t we also have policies geared toward creating a world in which no one would ever even think of using them?
Our national security and defense agenda is built primarily on an endless preparation for war. Yet shouldn’t we also prepare for peace?
 That’s one of the many reasons why I’ll establish a US Dept. of Children ; Youth. The stresses and vulnerabilities of American children overwhelm the capacity of our existing agencies to adequately deal with.
 That’s why all public policy should be built around one core principle: what would help people thrive? Moving from an economic to a humanitarian bottom line is the paradigm shift needed for the 21st century, and the only sustainable option for both our economy and our humanity.
I will be live on C-SPAN tomorrow at the National Press Club in Washington DC, speaking about my plans for a US Dept. of Peace. 
 Example: 
When huge corporate entities are allowed to run roughshod over the right of people to live a decent life ; of the planet on which we live to thrive - ; when the US govt does  more to protect those corporate entities than to protect its people - it’s time for the people to step in
Most people who create wealth don’t want to feel that they do so at the expense of other people having a chance. Most consumers don’t want to feel we got a good buy on something at the expense of other people having a decent life. Our economy ; gov’t should reflect human decency.
This is what happens when capitalism has no conscience: After a 2013 building collapse killed more than 1,100 people, most clothing retailers pledged to avoid dangerous factories in Bangladesh. But not Amazon. 
An interview on the Mariannemobile 
Love is the greatest disrupter. The revolution that will change the world - spiritually, politically, and economically - is putting love for the children, love for the earth, love for each other, and love for peace before all else.  
Live from Cornell College! Democratic Presidential Candidate Marianne Williamson 
If we only have plans for how to treat symptoms then the symptom will simply morph over time into another one - possibly worse. A 21stC president needs to have as much understanding of underlying causes as of external effects. Only an integrative political thinker is “qualified.”
A person disconnected from empathy is a sociopath, but making that all about the president is to displace our outrage ; responsibility from where it belongs. Our public policies have lacked empathy for decades. He did not create the spiritual void; the spiritual void created him.
Nothing more traditionally American than to push back against unfettered capitalism at times when it’s unmoored from ethical ; moral consideration for the rights of people ; care of planet: Unions, child labor laws ; anti-trust laws are examples. Now is such a time. It’s our turn
As long as health ins ; Big Pharma determine so much health care policy, gun manufacturers so much gun safety policy, oil ; gas companies so much environmental policy ; defense contractors so much defense policy, we’re functioning not as a democracy but as a corporate aristocracy
The stress, anxiety ; trauma experienced by millions of people is a direct or indirect result of an economic system that has squeezed them, a health care system that excludes them, and a political system that has for all intents ; purposes abandoned them. 
This isn’t a time when we need to realize what’s going on; enough of us realize what’s going on. What we need now is for enough of us to summon up the courage to do something about it. 
Being anti-slavery would not of itself have moved the needle for even one slave. It was only those who crossed the psychological, emotional and moral bridge from anti-slavery to abolitionist who made a difference; they went from “I’m against it” to “Not on my watch.” 
US Presidential Candidate Marianne Williamson Live from Smokestack in Dubuque, Iowa 
When humanitarian principles replace economic principles as our main guidance system as a society, both the state of our humanity and the state of our economy will be improved. 
 As  Marianne Williamson will create a US Department of Peace, which will transform the way we relate to other na…
Money in politics is the cancer underlying all the other cancers. With the current make-up of SCOTUS, it won’t be possible to overturn Citizens United soon. But we can legislate public funding for federal campaigns and pass a constitutional amendment banning money from politics.
America is like a big ship that’s moving in the wrong direction and needs to turn around. The turning will only be successful if undertaken on every level, from individuals understanding we’ve become a corporate aristocracy to public policy no longer controlled by corporate money
Each of us, with our own thoughts and actions, give energy each day to one path or the other. And as citizens of the most powerful country in the world, our political choices have immeasurable consequences. In politics as in everything else, we can choose the way of the heart.
There are more lovers in the world than haters, more people guided by conscience than guided by false ambitions, more people inspired by the beauty of inclusion than with the mean spirit of exclusion. Today, the two paths compete with each other for the power to guide the world.
To ever have a peaceful world, we need to proactively and diligently wage peace. 
Many thanks, 
The Democratic establishment has got to stop smearing women it finds inconvenient! The character assassination of women who don’t toe the party line will backfire. Stay strong . You deserve respect and you have mine.
The way to diminish societal pathology is to diminish human despair... 
What we most need in a president is not a better car mechanic but a better vision of the road ahead.  
For those still repeating, hearing, or curious about false stories regarding my work with people with AIDS, here are testimonials from people who were actually there... 
 These are testimonials from those who were actually there...  
There’s a difference between amoral ; immoral. Amoral means you’re not actively trying to hurt anyone, you just don’t think it’s your responsibility to consider them one way or the other. One then leads to the other: an amoral economic system inevitably has immoral consequences.
 It never happened. Ever.
“Forget the caricature of Williamson as a crystals-carrying mystic who extols love as the answer to everything. Listen to what she is actually saying about what ails our country.” - Jonathan Capehart, the Washington Post 
Political force is a living expression of what people are thinking and feeling. When hate is shouting, it’s not enough for love to whisper.
 Yep.
 I don’t know about the numbers but I agree there’s a humanitarian crisis among our elders. We need a massive infusion of help for those whose despair has simply been normalized by our political establishment.
 As part of a larger paradigm shift, I agree. I support UBI.
Anything to help people thrive amounts to an economic stimulant. When people are taken care of when sick, not worried about health care for themselves or their kids, educated fully ; unburdened by college loans, they’re more creative and productive. That’s where money comes from!
 
 Leaving Syria the way he did is not the way to end war; it only creates more violence. “Bring ‘em home” is a slogan, it’s not a foreign policy.
We need strict gun safety laws ;  to end foreign wars, but those alone aren’t enough. We must treat cause and not just symptom. We must embrace non-violence if we wish to rid ourselves of violence. That’s why as president I’ll establish a US Dept of Peace. 
The way to help everyone win is to help everyone win. That’s why universal health care, free college, and cancelling college loan debt are the keys to economically righting our ship. Let more people into the game! Help more people win! America itself then wins.
The idea that by increasing the riches for a few we would uplift the many, is an economic theory that over the last 40 years has created the greatest income inequality since 1929. The American people need to recognize its tenets as a system of economic tyranny, and repudiate it.
The purpose of govt is to help its people; what Lincoln called govt “of the people, by the people ; for the people.” Purpose of govt isn’t to help a few people at the expense of everyone else; that’s govt “of a few of the people, by a few of the people ; for a few of the people.
 Stop giving all our money away to the rich and there will be plenty to help the poor. 
We need to begin a new chapter in our history, based not on reacting to this president but in transforming the mindset that produced him. Our country should not be run like a business; it should be run like a family. Prioritize food, love, education, health, safety ; home repair
Good conversation with the wonderful Margie Warrell... 
 The problem with the president is not his lack of experience but his lack of ethics, his lack of visceral taste for democracy. George W. Bush and Dick Cheney had a lot of political experience - and they led us into Iraq. How did that work out?
Loved being with the wonderful women on the That’s So Retrograde podcast... 
Congressman Elijah Cummings (1951-2019) was someone whose presence lifted all of us to a better place. The example of both his personhood and his politics blazed a trail for the rest of us to follow. May he Rest In Peace, and in his honor may we carry on.
The guiding principle of all public policy should be this: what is it that would make people thrive? Today’s interview with on  
 One of the most important decisions in the history of the US should not be rushed ; should be in no one’s hands except the voters. That is the point of primaries! “Narrowing the field” should be determined by elections, not political elites trying to limit the field to their own.
“Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you: faux democracy” ... 
Trickle down economics hasn’t lifted all boats; it’s left millions of people without even a life vest. 
Live from Encinitas, CA! Democratic Candidate Marianne Williamson Speaking on the Spirit of America 
You decide. 
 What should cut down the number of candidates is the primaries! The decision should be in the hands of the voters alone.
For an alternative conversation, see my livestream tonight at  Also on Fb/YT/Twitter. 7pm pacific/10pm eastern
 The polls are not the only - or even the best - indication of size of following. If they don’t poll your supporters, how would they know? The polling process is deeply flawed.
No, they’re not the only Democratic candidates for President of the United States.
Tonight is the fourth Democratic debate... 
We need more than small random acts of kindness. We need huge strategized acts of doing the right thing. 
Thank you, Tim! I enjoyed being with you... 
...to 1)provide universal healthcare 2)free tuition at public colleges ; universities 3)cancel all college loans 4)massive realignment of investment in the direction of children 5)reparations for slavery ; justice for Native Americans 6)wage peace domestically ; internationally.
We need to repeal the 2017 $2T tax cut (put back in the middle class one), stop corporate subsidies, negotiate lower drug prices w/ big pharma,stop military spending over what military says they need, tax 3% billionaire assets, 2% on over $500M. Then we have some cash on hand...
After 40 years the jury is in: Trickle down economics didn’t lift all boats, it left millions of people without even a life vest. No real income inequality in the 1970s; now, 1% of all Americans own more wealth than the bottom 90%. 93 million Americans in poverty or near poverty.
In the 1960’s, President Lyndon Johnson proclaimed a War on Poverty. In the 1980’s the pillars of poverty alleviation were removed in favor of a “trickle-down economic theory” that govt policy advocating for corporate wealth would “lift all boats.”
The problem is not just that we invaded Iraq. The equal problem is that the American people so easily allowed it to happen. 
 I’m closer to them than you think. In process of working some things out as we speak.
Biggest threat to our health not only lack of access to healthcare; also lack of access to healthy food, uncontaminated water, non-toxic air, noncarcinogenic-laced food ; affordable fresh produce. Til we return power to FDA ; EPA to regulate ; protect, our health is under attack.
I won’t be in the debate this week but let’s make it into  Donate what you can so we can increase our exposure and  make it back in for the next one. It’ll be a more interesting evening:) 
As it turns out, the American revolution is an ongoing process. Our mistake was in ever thinking that it was a done deal. In fact, it’s never a done deal. It’s a spirit that must be ignited and reignited in every generation
While the vast majority of police officers in this country are good men and women courageously serving us every single day, police shootings of innocent citizens - particularly black Americans - has reached intolerable numbers. A special Independent Commission must now be formed.
Marianne Williamson Speaking on the Spirit of America - Live from Chicago, IL 
Thank you for sharing your story, Christopher. 
More of the Chicago interview 
On Elizabeth, Tulsi, Amy and me 
It’s not just our right, it’s also our responsibility, to stand up to undemocratic forces and put our nation back on track. 
Until we demand public funding for federal campaigns, then how things are is how things will remain... 
Kudos to Gov for banning for-profit prisons and immigrant detention centers, and legalizing public banking in CA. Bad public policy can be repealed; good public policy can replace it.
It’s important to accept and celebrate who we are, and it’s key to learning how to accept and celebrate who others are too. Congratulations to those who feel that this is day to say to all the world, “This is who I am!” 
93 million Americans live in poverty or near poverty. The next time somebody tells you the economy is good, ask them “Good for whom?” The way to have a vibrant society and an abundant economy is to help people thrive. 
This is not a time in history to look away from things we know to be true... 
Does a child not have the right to pursue happiness?
 My “actual stand” in Afghanistan was to factor women into the negotiations. My “actual stand” in Syria is to leave intelligently, and with honor toward allies who helped us. “Bring ‘em home” is a slogan, not a foreign policy. Leaving Syria this way is only creating more violence.
By withdrawing from Syria the way we have, the US not only abandons our Kurdish allies -signaling to allies everywhere that we’re untrustworthy - but is also leading to the release of thousands of ISIS prisoners our troops have fought valiantly to destroy. 
I have great respect for Tulsi for saying such inconvenient truth. She is absolutely correct. 
The part of the brain that rationally analyses an issue is not the part of the brain that decides who to vote for. It will take more than reason alone to inspire a massive enough electorate to choose the democrat in 2020. It will take inspiration that emerges from a call to love.
Trump’s campaign will be a political narrative laced with fear; my political narrative is stronger than his because it’s laced with love. I have good and detailed policy positions but those alone will not defeat him. It will take outrageous truthtelling to defeat outrageous lies.
For those who say “I just want someone who can win!:” Fear dismantles reason; only love dismantles fear. The  candidate best able to win in 2020 is someone calling Americans to a moral high ground. Our win lies not to harnessing people’s rage but in harnessing their conscience.
Live from Charleston, SC! A Conversation with US Presidential Candidate Marianne Williamson 
Live from Charleston, SC! A Conversation with US Presidential Candidate Marianne Williamson 
Live from Charleston, SC! A Conversation with US Presidential Candidate Marianne Williamson 
Today would have been John Lennon’s 79th birthday. His absence from our lives over the last few decades has been an immeasurable loss. Doing anything we can to increase peace and love in the world is the highest form of praise we can give to the spirit he unleashed in our midst.
 Uh, WW2....
 Burying our head in the sand is not an appropriate organizing principle for American foreign policy.
 ”US sanctioned Turkish occupation”?! That says it all. 
 
The president’s betrayal of Kurdish forces in Syria is another example  - along with our giving aerial support to Saudi Arabia’s genocidal against Yemen -  of the United States having abandoned all moral authority regarding our foreign policy. 
All public policy should be built around one central question: what would help people thrive?
Women shouldn’t use our power just to prop up the system; we should use our power to change the system. 
Today SCOTUS hears a case that will determine whether Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, protecting Americans from discrimination based on sex/gender, applies to trans people. If they rule that it does, those important protections will be available nationwide.
Our task is to close the gap between the goodness in our hearts and the venality of our public policy. My talk at the UNH Carsey School Of Public Policy... 
“We have it in our power to begin the world over again.” - Thomas Paine 
This is one of the cruelest policies to come out of this White House yet. A nation cannot be great if it is not good. 
Democratic Presidential Candidate Marianne Williamson Live from Louisville, KY 
 San Diego I-5 Friday rush hour traffic and many eyeballs on YOU!  Horns honking too!! Love our Grassroots t…
I’ll be live streaming tonight at 6:30pm ET from Louisville, KY. Join me here, Facebook, YouTube or on 
My elevator pitch at Yahoo news... 
The whole Yahoo Finance interview 
God I love America... 
 I do read all your tweets. But I just can’t agree with the last thing you said.
The Yahoo Finance interview was thorough and fair today. Many thanks to the people there. 
We’re # 6! 
Everyone should have the right to join a union; the assault on unions is key to the corporatist agenda.  I’m proud to stand with (NH) and the employees of Rockingham County Rehabilitation and Nursing as they gear up for their October 3rd election.   
I'm on Thom Hartmann's show right now... 
My prayers are with and his family while he recuperates and rests. We love you, Bernie!
 Yes. And every school in America should be a palace of learning, culture and the arts. It’s important to remember that in the richest nation in the world, none of this is impossible. The problem lies in a perversuon of our national values and a misallocation of federal resources.
Economic system of the US was created ; designed before women had a voice in the public realm. We do have a voice now; it’s important that we use it not to fit into the system but to change the system. The main engine of our economy should be the care ; nurturance of our children
We need a Dept. of Children ; Youth to adequately coordinate efforts to raise up ; protect our kids. Nothing will more fundamentally disrupt the status quo ; release the future to new possibilities than radical realignment of investment in their direction. 
Given our numbers, American women could and should be a moral force for good. We have tremendous power that we’re not yet using.  one should be the health and safety of children here ; elsewhere. We should be fierce on their behalf, from safety to health to education to freedom
Children have no capacity to defend themselves from abuse. It’s our moral ; civic responsibility to do for them what they cannot do for themselves. There should be a public outcry, a demand that the fight against online abuse of children be properly funded and vigorously pursued.
Many times people say “I don’t even want to know about those things because there’s nothing I can do ; it just makes me depressed.” But it’s actually the opposite. Power goes where attention goes. Know about such things in order to talk about them in order to change them.
“The United States is number two in the world for hosting child pornography websites.” Dangers to our children should be a top priority, yet only half the money appropriated to fight crimes against children online has been given to the effort . 
I’m all in for Public Banking - bravo to those in California who are making it happen there. Recent interest in Public Banking is a healthy sign; pushing back against usurious practices on the part of banks has been an important corrective measure through our history. 
 Not even a little bit.
Loved being there, guys. Thank you! 
The ground on which we’ll unite  as Americans is the higher ground of moral repair. Not Left or Right, or even Democrats or Republicans. We’ll unite as Americans, having come to realize that aligning public policy with the goodness in our hearts is our best and only path forward.
When hate shouts it’s not enough for love to whisper. We’ve been trained to say “Pretty please” in relation to things we should be demanding: safety ; health for all, equal justice ; opportunity, ; a survivable planet. Those things will not just be “given” us; we must rise up now
 Hardly. 
We need what MLK Jr. called a “coalition of conscience” among those who think love and compassion are a moral compass that should guide public policy as much as individual behavior. This idea does not run counter to peace ; economic prosperity; it’s the key to peace ; prosperity.
For years federal law enforcement agencies downplayed threat of white supremacy or were blocked  from addressing it. Now DHS is admitting the problem and we must fund efforts to proactively combat it no differently than we would any other form of terrorism 
Statistically, a black person is given a 19.1 per cent longer prison sentence than is someone who’s white. Racial disparities in criminal sentencing are a scourge that we must end. 
Help to fund this grassroots campaign... 
Let's build this together... 
Important fundraising deadline tonight. Please contribute now! 
Thank you, Maxinne... 
The power’s not in your hands if it’s not in your head and in your heart. 
 
 C-SPAN interview with – 9:30pm ET on C-SPAN  
 I totally understand your passion about this ; intellectually I agree with it. But a human reality here that I can’t get past is how many people tell me that they don’t want to give up what they have. When I say they would have 4 yrs to do it, I never get an enthusiastic response
No amount of private charity can compensate for a basic lack of social justice. 
Uncapping people's dreams, unleashing people's spirits -- those are what lead to peace and prosperity. Happiness and education are the greatest contributors to social good and economic growth. None of that's complicated; it's simple, disruptive, and true. 
That is just gaslighting on a massive scale. In fact, whenever a public policy helps people thrive it actually contributes to economic prosperity. Why? Because human creativity and productivity are the greatest engines of economic growth.
What's missing in politics today is not in areas where things are complicated, but in areas where things should be far more simple. A lack of moral clarity hides behind the illusion of our need to balance the needs of economic growth with the need to be more loving to one another
 Thank you
 Does it occur to you that “she’s a bit out there, no doubt” is a narrative intentionally designed to distract you, and diminish your attention to what I’m saying? Marginalizing the messenger is the most powerful way to suppress a message.
Sexual abuse of children is now an epidemic so huge that our current systems of justice ; child protection services are completely overrun. We must come out of our denial and protect the most vulnerable: one more reason for a US Dept. of Children and Youth 
The administration has limited the number of asylum-seekers who will be allowed into the US to a drastically low number. This will cause immeasurable suffering - another example of our tragic sacrifice of moral leadership ; the erosion of American values. 
 Dr. Benjamin Rush, a signer of the Declaration Of Independence, first proposed the idea of a Dept. Of Peace in 1793, to be on equal footing with the “war dept.” Others have followed, including Dennis Kucinich in 2001 and Barbara Lee in 2013. Never more critically needed than now.
How to wage peace... 
My interview last week on C-Span 
We rejected aristocracy in 1776 and we need to reject it again 
Democratic Presidential Candidate Marianne Williamson Live from Santa Cruz 
Thanks Linda for telling your truth... 
Capitalism held ethically accountable. Traumatized children rescued. Reparations for slavery. Mass mobilization to reverse climate change. Native American justice. Dept. of Peace ; Peace Academy. (Only outrageous truth and love defeats outrageous lies.) 
US Presidential Candidate Marianne Williamson Live from Las Vegas 
We have to talk about the deep underbelly of American society that we have allowed this to get so bad... 
So sorry to hear about the passage of Amb. Joe Wilson, whose brave challenge to the false narrative surrounding the Iraq War was an inspiration to so many of us. Condolences to Valerie Plame and their children. His efforts didn’t stop a war but they did help fuel a resistance.
Climate change is not a political issue, it’s a human issue. It’s not an issue of left versus right; it’s an issue of survival versus self-destruction. 
We should say the things we all know in our hearts are things that really need to be said... 
Lovers, artists, philosophers, scientists, teachers and healers - not just more economists and businessmen - should take the wheel and drive humanity in a new direction now. Nothing could be more disruptive, or more beneficial to the state of the world. 
Reparations are a Stimulus 
I’m coming back to New York! Join my fundraiser on Wednesday, October 2 in Brooklyn!Get your tickets and all information on  
Join me tonight in Las Vegas! There is a general event that begins at 6pm, and a meet ; greet fundraiser at 5pm. Would love to meet you there!Visit  to register for both.• 
We shouldn’t just ask “What is the right thing for me to do?” We should also ask “What is the right thing for us to do?” 
Join me live in Las Vegas or on livestream this Friday, September 27 from 7-9pm PT for some  W Cheyenne Ave Suite 110Las Vegas, NV 89129•Watch Live Here: •  
When Cambridge Analytica meets the power of love.... 
The way to defeat outrageous lies is to tell outrageous truths. America will begin a new chapter in our history when we get more honest about some things in our past... 
I’m looking forward to campaigning in Las Vegas this Thursday 9/26 ; Friday 9/27! See below for all my events.Register here:   
 Your friend Greta is right, kids. We have a very serious problem but we grown-ups are going to refuse to put our heads in the sand; we’re going to mobilize and we’re going to handle it!
We need to do more than replace Donald Trump; we need to inspire a new chapter in American history 
This Saturday, 9/28, I’m speaking at the Center for Spiritual Living in Santa Cruz, CA. 2-4pmCenter for Spiritual Living1818 Felt StreetSanta Cruz, CA 95062Register for this free event here:   
On veganism, nuclear power, climate mobilization, and respecting faith... 
“Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive.” - His Holiness the Dalai Lama
We should rescue millions of traumatized children no differently than if they were victims of a natural disaster...
The voice of conscience is ultimately the loudest voice of all. 
Join me today in Georgetown, South Carolina at 5:30pm for the Georgetown Democratic Women’s Council Meeting.Details here:  
This Thursday, September 26th at 5pm, I’ll be in Las Vegas with Oscar-Winning Actor Richard Dreyfuss, in conversation about making America safe for children ; my plan for a Department of Children and Youth.Tickets here:  
Going from the Good Samaritan to the Conscious Samaritan. From my interview with on 
For the record I NEVER implied “people who take antidepressants are weak, that you can cure cancer and HIV with love, and that fat people need to pray more.” You have the right to think I’m a “heinous wind chime of a human being,” but those falsehoods remain untrue
Talking with Michelle Martin on Amanpour ; Co. about an integrative politics 
We should alter it and we should alter it quickly... 
I’m coming back to Georgetown, South Carolina! I hope you’ll join me on Monday, September 23rd if you’re in the area! Register here: 
If we don’t embark on a World War Two level of mass mobilization to move from a dirty economy to a green economy, then in the next 10-15 years, we could experience a level of social collapse unseen in the modern era. 
In Las Vegas this week I will be with in conversation about Making America Safe for Children - and my plan for a Department of Children and YouthVIP Reception - 5pmMain Event - 6pm 
Donald Trump has ushered in an era of political theater, and we will not be going back. He is a teller of outrageous lies, and the one can defeat him is a teller of outrageous  is not just Democrats or… 
Thank you Fairfield! Wonderful combination of peace and politics today...
Peace ; Politics with Marianne Williamson 
Iowans, step out of the rain this morning and join me LIVE in Fairfield for an International Day of Peace - a special  event @ the Fairfield Arts and Convention Center. The event will also be live-streamed, so join me on social or at  🕊 
 Ah! Thanks for the love, but a better analogy is if you recognize the family business has been run into the ground, and the aunt’s health and wellness empire is about to go public. You’re really sure she shouldn’t run things?
“As our case is new we must think and act anew.” - Abraham Lincoln. How startlingly relevant and true that is today...
A US president in the 21st-C should have as much understanding of the internal dynamics that cause people to change, as of the external dynamics that cause policy to change. We must treat more than symptoms; we must also treat cause. Otherwise symptoms simply morph into new ones.
Only when we address the unnecessary suffering in our midst will we transform. Only when we become more reverent toward the earth will we transform. Only when we stop leading with brute force will we transform. Only when we’re willing to right historical wrongs will we transform.
In order to transform we have to do more than just change things on the outside; we have to look deep inside ourselves. This is true for a country too; the US won’t transform until we’re willing to look at ways our public policy isn’t aligned with the angels of our better nature.
Religion and electoral politics... 
Coming up shortly. Livestream link below. 
We Need an Intervention (and We Need It Now)   
Our job is not just to help children survive, but to provide them the adequate resources and tools with which to thrive. They deserve nothing less, and a just and sustainable future depends on it.     
On my way to Cedar Rapids, IA for this evening's  Watch live beginning at 8pmET   
Today is an important day, as millions of people all over the world join hearts and mind and bodies to stand for the earth’s healing. Please read my “Environmental Crisis” section under Issues at  
 An essential one!
Our campaign is proud to participate in the Climate Strike walk-out today. An uprising of consciousness related to the climate crisis is leading to the political will to solve it. Next step needed? WW2-level mass mobilization to reverse, regreen and repair 
Peace builders should have a seat at the table of power, as important in determining our national security agenda as the military. 
Prayers for the brave and courageous May her soul fly free at last, unburdened now by the sorrows of the world. May she rest peacefully and dance joyously unto eternity. I feel grateful to have known her and send love to those who loved her.
This Saturday, 9/21, millions of people across the globe will be celebrating the UN’s International  create a world in which every day is that. Join me for a deep dive...  Live: Livestream:  
Had a great time with Jonathan Capehart at New York’s 92 St. Y 
I’m going on the  now:   
 Live now at  Marianne Williamson speaks to  
A system that does not feel, which has no sense of ethical responsibility to people or planet, is a dangerous guide to America’s future. Living for our principles will provide more economic security than living for short-term corporate interests can ever provide.  
Just touched down in DC. Looking forward to participating in this afternoon’s climate forum hosted by ;   
I want to be President because I want to help navigate a season of repair in order to end one chapter of American history and initiate another.  
Truth... 
 Many thanks to you. I appreciate it deeply.
We will radically change the way we see the world – or there will be no world as we know it, left for us to see. 
It is a psychological, emotional  and moral challenge to face the horror of what stands before us over the next 10 years should we not act. Yet there – in our standing raw before the truth that it confronts us with - lies our only hope of surviving it.
Our biggest crisis regarding the climate emergency is humanity’s massive state of denial that it exists on the scale that it does. But our willingness to recognize the depth of the problem is prerequisite to solving it.
I will be interviewed by Jonathan Capehart at the 92St. Y in NYC Wed. night at 7:30pm 
Labor unions have been under attack for 40 years, increasing the wealth gap ; adding to widespread economic anxiety for millions of Americans. The tide must turn! Great admiration for the striking GM workers. I know it’s tough but you’re right to do it. So many of us are with you
Sept. 21 is the International Day of Peace. Let’s join our hearts and minds and make it so... 
I'll be in conversation with on Wed, 9/18 @ 7:30 pm ET at 92nd St Y in NYC.(Note: This is not a campaign fundraiser. Ticket proceeds support the work of a nonprofit community and cultural center.) 
We can make this change...Other generations have risen to the occasion. 
An idea grows stronger when it's shared. Last night with   
My talk at the Iowa State Fair 
 You cannot find one thing I have ever said or one thing I have ever written that shows a “disbelief in science.”
 No I do not. That is never what I said.
We have to get people excited to vote! People who didn’t vote or people who voted third party. We have to have an agenda that is so big, so exciting, and so phenomenal, and involves such energy and such motivation, and such inspiration that it can take on Donald Trump any day. 
My interview on MSNBC with Alex Witt this morning: “He’s a reality show; I’m showing reality.” 
 Look and listen to the tape again. I didn’t say what you’re saying I said. I said “me,” not “them.”
I’ll be on Alex Witt on MSNBC today around 9:45 PT
If you’re in or near Los Angeles, please join us tonight, Sunday Sept. 15! Russell Brand joins me. Meet ; Greet at 6pm, event begins at 7pm. Benefit for the campaign. Get your tickets here:  
Donald Trump has taken us into an era of political theater - ; for better or for worse we will not be going back. Our choices are the cheap drama of Trump’s politics, or the high drama of serious human beings evolving into collective wisdom ; strength. And I have a plan for that.
 
 
War is the absence of peace, peace is not the absence of war. We have to cultivate peace just like we have to be prepared for war if war must come. 
Of course a National Security Advisor does not need Senate confirmation. The President appoints the National Security advisor at his/her pleasure. But that is no reason for us to remain quiet. Writing Op Ed’s, calling our reps, using our voices. That’s what matters: speaking up.

Before this trickle-down economics theory took hold of our society the way it did, corrupting our government and so corrupting our entire moral value system, before that, the American corporation - can you imagine this? - was expected to care. 
I hear you, Iowa. Thanks for saying it... 
Good news John Bolton was fired. But the man now poised to at least temporarily fill his position is someone whose views lie somewhere between dangerous ; insane. Make noise! Call reps at (202) 224-3121 (House ; Senate) and say NO to Charles Kupperman. 
“We need a massive infusion of economic hope and opportunity into the life of the average American."From my interview with on the Recode Decode Podcast.  
I'll be in conversation with on Wed, 9/18 @ 7:30 pm ET at 92nd St Y in NYC. (Note: This is not a campaign fundraiser. Ticket proceeds support the work of a nonprofit community and cultural center.) 
 
We need a green new century. We are not willing to acquiesce any longer to politicians who say 'well, we want to do all this but of course we have to make oil and gas happy.' This is about saving our planet, this is about saving our country, this is about saving our democracy. 
 That is NOT what I said. Please listen to the tape. I said I understand that they have called ME godless. Some have said I’m a “new age” person who doesn’t believe in the “real” God for many years. That’s what I was referring to. Please listen to the tape again for verification.
My fundraiser in Los Angeles this Sunday, September 15th will feature a meaningful conversation between myself and special guest Thank you for all your support! Get your tickets here:  
 That is exactly my point. How can I be accused of lying when what I am saying is on the tape? Others have reported a word that is not what I used. I am saying that if you want to know what I said, please listen to the tape!
 The Left is absolutely not rotten. I stand proudly on the political Left. I also feel that calling anyone “rotten” simply because they do not agree with you is… well… rotten.
 I absolutely stand by my words. And the word I used is “me.”
 Please listen again. The word I used is “me.”
 Call ME godless.
 Republicans often don’t walk their talk; a problem with Democrats is when we don’t talk our walk. The Democrats do support more compassionate policies, yet over the last few decades our languaging has been lacking In moral context. This has hurt us electorally with many people.
 It’s absolutely absurd to say people on one side of the political aisle are closer to God. And I have never seen scripture where God talks about “discipline, responsibility or accountability.” I have seen a lot however where He talks about love, compassion, mercy and forgiveness.
 The tape exists; anybody who wishes to look at it can see that one word was misquoted. It’s just one word but that word makes a difference. I did not call the Left “godless.”
 I’m not walking anything back. I’m simply pointing out that I’ve been misquoted.
 Perhaps you should watch it again
Re my hot mic moment Eric Bolling felt the need to put out (hardly conservatives being nice). People keep quoting me as saying I understood “why the Right say the Left is godless.” I said no such thing. I said I understand that they say that about ME.
 That is not what I said at all. I was talking about my experience of a particular group of people on a given day. I actually don’t think anyone is “nicer” than anyone else. We all have things we need to look at. All of us.
Some presidents preside over a period of initiation. Some presidents preside over a period of consolidation. Then sometimes along the way, things can go wrong. The next president needs to preside over a season of repair.
US Presidential Candidate Marianne Williamson's Post-Debate Commentary 
An hour in: Nice people. Nothing transformative. All incremental . Ultimately boring. Nothing even close to what we’ll need to have if we want to defeat the president. Join me post-debate at 
More  at my post-debate livestream tonight. 11pmET/8pmPT.  
Once the Trump era is over we will initiate a season of repair. Among other things, we will reverse the pattern of his executive overreach. See my answers to the New York Times regarding executive power and its abuse. 
Watch my  live stream event tonight immediately after the  Beginning at 8pmPT/11pmET, I’ll be streaming here, Facebook, YouTube, and  
I’ll be livestreaming from Los Angeles immediately after the debate tonight! 8pmPT/11pmET  
My feeling exactly... 
 Over 930 local governments have declared a  time for the U.S. to tell the truth too.Tell you…
My plan for a Department of Peace 
We should see large groups of desperate people as a national security risk.   
Join Russell Brand and me for a campaign fundraiser Sunday night Sept. 15  
Prayers for Peace on 9/11. On this painful day of shared history ; grief let’s dedicate ourselves to the creation of a world in which such things no longer happen. An old rabbinical saying: “You are not obligated to complete the task, but neither are you permitted to abandon it.”
I’m sorry Dem Dan McCready lost a close race today in NC’s D-9. It’s instructive to all of us: get busy starting now. Not one seat - House, Senate or White House - will be anything less than hard-fought ; critically important in 2020. Don’t delay participating. This is everything
Excellent that John Bolton will no longer be the president’s National Sacurity Advisor. We don’t need warmongers; we need peacebuilders. Read here about my plan for a US Department of Peace. 
“You can disagree with someone’s opinion, but that doesn’t mean you should be shutting them down or lying about them.”  via 
American capitalism needs to course-correct, or millions of young people will storm the Bastille. 
Dear we Democrats are indeed “big believers in religion,” especially its tenets of love, mercy, justice, humility ; compassion - none of which you demonstrate in any significant way in your policies. That is why we’re going to defeat you in 2020 
“The system is even more corrupt than I knew, and people are even more wonderful than I hoped.” My appearance on Fox and Friends this morning... 
“Serious harm to the Earth IS preventable: when govt ministers can no longer issue permits for it, insurers can no longer underwrite it, investors can no longer back it ; CEOs can be held criminally responsible for it, the harm will stop.”JOJO MEHTAEcological Defence Integrity
We should transition from regulating industrial-scale harm to the earth to criminalizing industrial-scale harm to the earth. It’s time to outlaw ecocide.
Responding to objections to US giving aerial support in Saudi Arabia's genocidal war in Yemen in exchange for $350B arms deal, Sec.of State Pompeo said "you can have strategic partnerships with people who do not share your values." No you can't. It just means you have no values.
Russell Brand will be joining me in Los Angeles on Sept. 15  
US spends over $750B/yr on Defense Dept, $40B on State Dept. Within State is all diplomacy, humanitarian assistance ; peace building. With a US Dept. of Peace, waging peace will be given equal power on the national security agenda as is preparation for war 
The way to a prosperous economy ; healthy society in the future is thru taking better care of our children today. We’ve normalized the despair of millions of our children, and rescuing them from their trauma is essential to our transformation and repair. 
Our democracy itself is at risk. We need to get rid of politicized gerrymandering, make voter registration automatic, make Election Day a holiday or change it to Saturday, and pass a constitutional amendment to publicly pay for all federal campaigns. 
Happy birthday to whose inspiration and example are one of the great lights of our time. Here’s to his health and happiness and best year yet 🎂
A species whose behavior is maladaptive for its survival has one of two choices: to evolve or go extinct. Our collective human behavior has gone from dysfunction to malfunction, both in that we fight too much and that we are actively destroying our own habitat.The choice is ours.
We can’t directly fight dog whistles; we have to drown them out with a choir of voices that are speaking of higher things. Mercy. Love. Compassion. Justice. Democracy. Conscience. Values. Vision. Collectivized hatred can only be driven out by the power of collectivized love.
 Yeah. If I had ever said either of those things it would be a bummer.
The system is even more corrupt than we’ve feared but the people of the US are even more decent than we’ve hoped. The gap between the consciousness of the American people ; the way our government operates is the problem that confronts us, ; only we the people can fill in the gap.
This Thursday, September 12, the DNC will host its third presidential debate. I won’t be there, but directly afterwards, live in Los Angeles and via livestream, I will offer my own take on the issues.  to register.    
I spoke at the New Hampshire Democratic Party Convention today.Here is the link to the full video:   
Marianne Williamson Live now at NH Democratic convention: 

The only thing powerful enough to override an immoral politics is a moral one. Pillars of a moral politics are: creating a moral economics, rescuing millions of traumatized children, reversing climate change, challenging the military-industrial complex, and racial reconciliation.
 2020 candidate says the U.S. must cope with its ‘original character defect’ of racism by harnessing the ‘mo…
The third DNC debate will be on Sept. 12, and I will be doing post-debate commentary immediately afterwards (8pm PT) live from LA and on livestream. Stay tuned for details.

Another very cool fundraiser coming up! This one will be in Los Angeles with special guest on Sunday, September 15th. Details and  tickets here:    
Marianne Williamson live from Manchester, NH 
Join me live from my pre-convention party in New Hampshire tonight at 4:30pm PT / 7:30pm ET here, on Facebook, YouTube, and    
Marianne Williamson live from New Hampshire 
Join me on livestream here, Facebook, YouTube and  shortly - at 3pmET/12pmPT from New Hampshire! 
Yep. She’s right... 
 Neither side of the political aisle has a monopoly on truth or monopoly on values. Smug, self-righteous ; intolerant voices - whether on left or right - weaken the emotional fabric of our country. We all need to monitor ourselves more ; others less. Hatred anywhere is poisonous.
 
The climate crisis is the symptom of a deeper malfunction on the part of the human race: our lack of reverence for nature, and a failure to recognize our moral responsibility to steward well the earth God gave us.… 
Even now, Ohio is trying to purge 200,000 voters from their voter rolls. Voter suppression is the single greatest assault on our democratic freedoms and it must not be allowed to stand. 
We need an Attorney General who's a champion for voting rights! Voter suppression is a very real problem in America, a direct result of the Supreme Court chipping away at the 1965 Voting Rights Act in 2013. Here's how it happened: 
250 years of slavery in America was followed by another 100 years of institutionalized violence against blacks. Time to get deep and real about race in America. Watch this video ; send around to your friends. 
I’ll be live streaming here and on  tomorrow at 12pmPT/3pmET from New Hampshire...   
Love and support to the great people at Vandalism targeting LGBTQ+ citizens in Las Vegas or anywhere else in America is unacceptable, and those responsible should be held accountable to the full extent of the law. 
 Since I don’t say that, does it mean you’re going to stop mocking? 
We are not the first generation of Americans that has to pushback against forces that are undemocratic. Let’s just not be the first generation of Americans to wimp out on doing it. 
 
 Not really. 90% of Americans say they believe in God.
After receiving word that the D-Day invasion had begun, President Franklin Roosevelt went on the radio to inform the nation and lead them in prayer.  

I’m on my way to New Hampshire today. Join me if you’re in the Granite State or thereabouts 
 I’m really surprised you’re saying that, Charlotte. I did no such thing.
 Thank you.
 Me not.
With corporate profits placed before health ; well-being of people, an amoral economic system leads to immoral consequences. Population groups most vulnerable to consequences are those considered useless by such an economic system: children ; the elderly. 
 A spiritual perspective is simply the path of the heart. It has nothing to do with the separation of church and state.
Marianne Williamson live from Las Vegas 
Join me on Livestream here on Twitter and  tonight at 7pm PT...   
 Glad to. Many of them. 
On politics and on life.. 
 As am I.
 Exactly.
 Prayer is a power of the mind, and yes it is often for the purpose of a desired outcome. Semantics doesn’t change that.
 As an ordained minister, you should know that that’s not what I said. I didn’t say anything even close to that.
 Really...?
 That is not the fault of God, it is the fault of people who are allowing it to happen. That’s why I am running for president, by the way...
 When I was growing up there was a vital religious Left. It is BECAUSE  of my spiritual views that I’m a Democrat. The idea that religious or spiritual people should find no home in the Democratic Party is hardly the view of someone wanting to win in 2020.
 I’m hardly talking about inaction. The economy. Children. Reparations. Peace. 
 Yes it would be. Fortunately, I’ve never done that.
I was born and raised in Texas so I’ve seen it. Millions of people today are praying that Dorian turn away from land, and treating those people with mockery or condescension because they believe it could help is part of how the overly secularized Left has lost lots of voters.
 Nope. Not what I said and not what I think.
Prayer is a power of the mind, and it is neither bizarre nor unintelligent. People of faith belong in the Democratic Party, and will be necessary to the effort if we’re to win in 2020.
 Nope. Not “instead of.” Nothing I have ever said or done would suggest that, either.
 I’m not walking back anything. You said that in the last debate I suggested less medicine. I did no such thing.
 Please send me one!
 I absolutely did not advocate for less medicine. That is completely false. You cannot find anything I said which even approaches that.
 Except that that’s not what I said.
 Since you obviously want to debunk, counter or mischaracterize anything I do, would you like to have an honest and fair public dialogue? Since I’m neither crazy, irresponsible nor dangerous, I would appreciate the opportunity to counter the caricature.
How a serious spiritual inquiry relates to politics, capitalism, and all of modern life...
 Broken link. I’m posting separately. And thank you so much for the article.
 What is vile is saying that that is what I said.
 Spread far and wide if you like. There is absolutely nothing in that tweet which implies what you are saying it implies.
 I must be “erased from political history”???
 Yes I have. A terrible one. And believe me, we were all praying. When others were praying for us, we appreciated it. People who pray, visualize and meditate are not less intelligent, responsible, or informed than those who don’t. This is the 21st C. Spirituality ; science coexist
 Such a ridiculous and absurd mischaracterization of what I said.
 I never said that nor do I believe it. I never said that about illness either, nor do I believe it. This is the 21st-century. Holistic view of body, mind ; spirit – knowing psychological, emotional ; spiritual forces influence the material - is contemporary ; scientific insight.
 No I did not. Ever.
We need an integrative politics in our society, one that speaks to the causes as well as symptoms of our dysfunction.  We will continue to have a violent society until we commit to creating a non-violent one. 
 No. That is not what happened.
 Neither one is cheap. Both are immeasurably powerful.
Whether it’s Catholics going to confession, Jews on the day of Yom Kippur, or people in 12-step programs taking a fearless moral inventory, it’s a universal spiritual principle that we can’t have the future we want until we’re willing to clean up the past. 
Prayers for the people of the Bahamas, Florida, Georgia and the Carolinas. May the peace of God be upon them and their hearts be comforted as they endure the storm.
 Exactly!
What would tax policy be if our goal was to help people thrive? What would education policy be if our goal was to help people thrive? What would healthcare be if our goal was to help people thrive? What would our national security agenda be if our goal was to help people thrive?
All public policy should be built around one core principle: what would most help people thrive? That’s the key to peace ; the key to prosperity. Every area of public policy lends itself to that question ; while the political system avoids the question, we the people must ask it.
Praying for people in the Bahamas during this very difficult time. A hurricane is such a terrifying experience. May all be blessed and comforted.
Join me tomorrow for a livestream from Las Vegas on Wednesday, September 4 at 7pm... 
REPARATIONS: An Idea Whose Time Has Come
“Do spirituality and self-help have a political constituency?” Feature story about our campaign in today’s New York Times... 
 It’s a lot to me for you to say that, Jeff. Thank you 💖
 Lol
Labor Day. A day to commemorate the extraordinary sacrifices of the men and women who brought about union rights, child labor laws, collective bargaining and more. Also a day to recognize the corporatist assault on… 
 Perhaps you should read the article.
Crazy not to discuss it... 
 Me too:)
 We can’t risk taking even ten votes away from the Democratic nominee in 2020. The Democrat must win.
If we want to transform a culture of violence, we’ll have to commit to the creation of a culture of peace. Read my op ed in today’s Washington Post. 
“America does not just have a gun crisis; it has a cultural crisis. America will not stop experiencing the effects of gun violence until we’re ready to face the many ways that our culture is riddled with violence.” My op ed in the Washington Post today: 
 Yes I want to! I will DM you
 Voters...? Just to be clear, are you under the impression that a poll is an election?
Just posted a photo 
Trump is not a politician, he is a phenomenon. To defeat him, we have to create our own phenomenon. And that’s not an individual. It’s an uprising of consciousness and spirit that emerges from a new, more honest,… 
Well put. 
 We are negotiating our withdrawal; I have said the rights of Afghanistan women should be factored into our terms, and I stand by that.
 Uh. No.
 Peacebuilding agencies provide factors that statistically increase incidence of peace ; reduce conflict, at a fraction of the cost of military action: Expand education for children ; economic opportunity for women, reduce violence against women ; reduce unnecessary human despair.
 Exactly. President Eisenhower was the Supreme Allied Commander during WW2. Hardly a conspiracy theorist.
 Never said that.
 Even Harvard University has symposiums on integrative health; this is hardly some far out idea! People with serious illnesses using meditation ; visualization techniques to help boost their immune system is an evidence-based healing aid. No one suggests it’s instead of medication
Some say it’s naive to think we can turn love into the governing principle of our civilization; I say it’s naive to think we’ll last another 100 years on this planet if we don’t try. Swords into plowshares: we can to turn a war economy into a peace economy 
“Diplomacy is out; airstrikes are in.” That says it all. 
 In what way?
I’m looking forward to my Los Angeles fundraiser on Sunday, September 15 with special guest your tickets here:    
 Long time no see, Naomi. Sending love.
 I have no “dangerous views on health.”
 I’m not proud of it. I keep “leaning in” to a meatless diet but I haven’t gotten there yet.
The DNC is a private organization that claims it “does not owe voters an impartial or evenhanded primary.” 
I’m looking forward to being with everyone this morning at Hillside International in Atlanta at 10am ET! We’ll be live streaming at this link: Register to attend in person here: 
The US Air Force has ordered 100 B-21 Raiders, each $560M and each equipped to carry both nuclear as well as conventional weapons. If five nukes were to drop, that would end civilization as we know it. If ten were… 
 Wait. Let me understand this. I thought the rules were written by the Founders, who wrote into the Constitution who is qualified to be president. You think the DNC should "rule" this? I think not. It isn't about Tulsi or me or anyone else; it's about our democracy.
 Tulsi is right about this. I agree with her 100%.
 Exactly.
Our establishment politics is run by elites within elites. DNC poll requirements are a perfect example, a situation with no transparency but with power to block candidates not anointed by a gatekeeper class. In America there should be no gatekeepers; only the people should decide
This isn't time to shut down the conversation, it's time to rev it up. I will livestream my own event - "WHAT I WOULD HAVE SAID HAD I BEEN THERE" - directly following the third debate on Sept. 12. Donate to keep our campaign growing... 
I’m in Atlanta tomorrow, speaking at the Hillside International Truth Center, 10am ET. Join me in person or on livestream.... Sunday, September 110am ET 2450 Cascade Road SWAtlanta, GA 30311Livestream: Register to attend:  

Valerie Harper was talented, brave and inspiring. She was a social justice advocate as well as a wonderful actress. May her soul experience now all the joy she gave while she was here. May she be forever blessed.
As president I want to deal with causes, not just symptoms of chronic disease in America. The EPA has gutted the Clean Water Act and our water supply throughout the country is filled with dangerous contaminants.  This can and must be fixed. 
 I just published an article about my experience working with for the past 20 years, and what I see is a…
Thank you to Charlemagne and the rest of the team at the Breakfast Club! To win this election, we need to have a much deeper conversation… more honest… more real. 
My support for the United States is not diminished by my deep disagreements with Donald Trump, and my support for Israel is not diminished by my deep disagreements with Benjamin Netanyahu. The blockade against Gaza should end. 
Love and thanks to the incredible Dave Navarro and to everyone else who gave me such wonderful support in New York over the last two days.  
 :)
When meeting her on the campaign trail, was always very kind to me. I thank her for that and wish her well.
While I didn't make the 4 polls at 2% which would have gotten me into the 3rd DNC debate, I have until Oct. to make it into the 4th one. Please donate now to help us build the campaign and increase our exposure. 
 Won’t be there for  but I’ll be there for  Just sayin’...
Join me this weekend in Atlanta for some  August 3112pmYoung Georgians Presidential Forum960 Spring St NWAtlanta, GA 30309Sunday, September 110amHillside International2450 Cascade Road SWAtlanta, GA 30311 
I am so grateful to What a wonderful man. Tonight he is hosting a Marianne Williamson for President fundraiser at the Roxy in New York City.  
Heart disease plus other conditions are on the rise in the US. This is why I’ve stressed in my campaign that we have a sickness care rather than a healthcare system. As president I will tackle the causes - not just the symptoms - of our healthcare crisis. 
 I hear you. I just think there’s a middle ground here. I certainly realize that attitude is everything, but material conditions do count - particularly  in childhood.
 I don’t entirely disagree, particularly with this president. Just making a distinction between what has happened to the system and how it was actually designed.
 Live in those neighborhoods for one day, sir. One day.
 Vote. Them. Out.
 Repeal 2017 $2T tax cut (put back in middle class one), stop corporate subsidies, cut unnecessary military spending, let govt negotiate w/ big Pharma to lower drug prices, 3% tax on billionaire assets, 2% tax on $50M+ assets. Then there’s the cash on hand to do what we should do.
 To  think that is to deny the reality of millions of American children living in America’s domestic war zones. What you say was true for you and it was true for me, but it is absolutely not true for millions of others.
 Just curious, as a woman. Where does “She’s right” and “She’s a powerful voice for requisite healing” connect to “Don’t support her for president?”
 Where I disagree with you is the phrase “billionaire Tom Steyer and others like him.” Not every rich person is a greedy bastard ; not every poor person is noble and pure. To me it’s the system itself that’s corrupt. Actually, Steyer makes many of the same arguments that you do.
 They are co-equal branches of government. Our system was specifically designed so there is not in fact one centralized power.
 Opportunity doesn’t = outcome nor should it. But we’re fooling ourselves to think the US gives equal opportunity, when millions of kids are hungry, millions get sub par education, millions are saddled with college loans, millions lack healthcare ; unions are consistently attacked
 The presidency of the United States is not an office of ultimate centralized power.
 Given that I’m running for president, I think it’s pretty obvious I’m doing whatever I can to defeat him. I’m hardly going soft on Donald Trump.
 Buddha said the world is an illusion but Buddhists go to doctors. Einstein said time and space are illusions but he was a scientist. The metaphysical description of anything in the material world as an illusion is not anti-science or any anti-medicine. And depression is very real
 I don’t absolve him at all, but neither do I absolve a system that made the rise of such a one as he almost inevitable.
 I don’t agree with your idea of Tom Steyer as a sociopath, but the rest of your sentence I agree with.
 I would humbly suggest that what you probably think I said isn’t even what I said.
 Yet you’re up! So obviously this is perfect.
When 40% of our people  live in chronic economic anxiety, something has gone terribly wrong. Trump didn’t create the problem; he’s a product of it. That’s why we have to do more than prosecute a case against Trump; we have to prosecute a case against the system that produced him.
 Not at all. The righteous person does not want to feel that they make money at the expense of other people having the opportunity to do so. With universal opportunity comes universal opportunity. THAT is what lifts all boats.
All domestic ; international policy should be built around a single core principle: what would help people thrive? That and that alone is the key to peace, the key to prosperity, and the key to a survivable future. Everything else leads directly away from that goal. 
 
This country needs a complete economic inversion, from opportunity available to only a few to opportunity available to many. When only a few get to live their dreams then the dreams of a nation dry up. When everyone gets to live their dreams then the dreams of a nation flourish.
In a system that puts utility before humanity, children ; seniors get short shrift. We shouldn't run our country like a business; we should run it like a family.  I want massive realignment of investment in our children ; increased social security payments ; services to seniors.
I'm looking forward to returning to South Carolina on Friday, August 30th, and seeing old and new friends. I hope you’ll join me.Friday, August 306:30pmUnity of Greenville207 E Belvue RdTaylors, SC 29687Register here:  
Where he has harnessed fear, we must harness love. But not just a personal love. Not just love for our own children, but love for children on the other side of town and children on the other side of the world.   
Where he has harnessed fear, we must harness love. But not just a personal love. Not just love for our own children, but love for children on the other side of town and children on the other side of the world. Not… 
I join with Reverend Barber in asking the DNC to host a debate about poverty. Only when we move toward a moral economy will the United States begin to repair itself. 
 These figures are coming from local political and economic leaders with whom I met today.
Join me tomorrow, Tuesday, August 27 for a campaign fundraiser in Rye, NY.  
25% of children in N. New Hampshire go to school hungry every night, and the problem exists around the country. 13-15 million children in USA are food insecure. Millions ask their teachers at school, "Do you have any food for me?" As president I will put an end to this travesty.
We’re on the move... 
 Thank you for coming out!
“I’m running for President...the American people are still thinking about this, they’re still processing and as long as I feel there’s a listening for that in terms of my campaign that’s what’s going to determine what I do.” Last night’s 
Lowering the voting age to 17 is reasonable. Those with the most at stake regarding what happens in the future should have more power to determine it. 
This is going to be cool. is hosting a fundraiser for my campaign in NYC this Wednesday, August 28.  
 Thank you. I’m looking into this.
 I do get that. But what about that one issue? How do you reconcile it? It’s what keeps me from going all the way there...
My interview on Kasie DC tonight  via
 I support Medicare for all who want it. I have no love for insurance companies, believe me! But I’m not ready to tell people they can’t have it if they want it. Re bringing the troops home, of course I want that! I just want rights of women factored into  terms of our withdrawal.
 "[Trump] is a phenomenon I don't believe that an insider politics game is going to defeat that. I feel that the candidates on…
I'll be back in New York on Tuesday, August 27th and Wednesday, August 28th for two evening events you won't want to miss! Hope to see you there and to learn more about the issues you care about most.Register at  to attend. 
I return to Atlanta, Georgia on Sunday, September 1, 10AM, and I hope to see you there. The event is Free and Everyone is Welcome. Info Here:  
Enjoying my time in New Hampshire! I’ll be here for a handful of more events today and tomorrow. I’d love to meet you! Keep an eye on my upcoming events all over the country on  
Tonight on MSNBC... 
“Money comes from the creativity and the productivity of the American people when they are able to live their dreams..” 
 The department was first introduced by Congressman Dennis Kucinich, then picked up by Congresswoman Barbara Lee when he left Congress. The idea was first introduced by Benjamin Rush in the 1700s.
Deeply grateful to for finding this ... 
Wow. Thanks to whomever found this... 
“ The problem is not the consciousness of the American people. The problem is the gap that exists between the consciousness, or the will of the American people, and our political system as it now operates.” My talk last night in San Francisco ...
I’m in New Hampshire Sunday and Monday. Please join me! 
Will be heading to South Carolina for an event on August 30... 
 Those who withhold resources from those who suffer around the world, also withhold resources from those who suffer at home. They’re the same crowd.
 Simpler than you might think, if all the leaders who are at the G7 meeting right now decided to eradicate deep poverty over the next ten years.
 Nope. Did not. Ever.
We must do more than say no to Donald Trump; we must say no to global poverty, oppression and injustice, undereducation, corporatist takeover of our democracy, and the political status quo that allows those things to exist. Then we will be true to our ideals. And then we will win
To win in 2020 we must do more than not agree with things that are wrong; we must stand up for things that are right. That means standing up for freedom around the world (no, not intervention); leading the world in reversing climate crisis; and leading charge to end world hunger.
The world is roiling from underlying contest between democracy ; authoritarianism. From Hong Kong to Kashmir voices of democracy being squelched ; the US remains silent; world ‘s dictators know they’ll get no objection from the US. I’m in this race to say what we should be saying
America will have the future we want when we’re willing to clean up the past 
Where money actually comes from… 
 I’ve said publicly on many occasions that I never have and never word weigh in on the use of psychotherapeutic drugs for such conditions as bipolar and schizophrenia, conditions for which such drugs are clearly beneficial and even life-saving. I have never said anything different
 Absolutely false.
Hope you'll join me in New Hampshire this Sunday... 
Watch the livestream from San Francisco on my website...
There’s a reason why we’re not adequately dealing with the climate crisis... We must deal with the deep corruption. The American people must step in now.   
 There is not a science-hating bone in my body.
I'm speaking live in San Francisco tonight. Watch the livestream here or at  
 “Soul force” is a concept first put forth by Gandhi. He saw it as a political concept, the idea that love could heal political as well as personal relationships. There is a lot of soul force in the world; where it’s lacking is in our politics and that’s where we most need it now.
Soul force is as powerful as brute force! We can’t rely on war preparedness alone but must also learn to wage peace. In order to provide for our security we need a US Dept. Of Peace.  Peace is not the absence of war; war is the absence of peace. 
The greatest source of energy and power we have with which to fuel abundance in the 21st-century lies in the brainpower of America’s children. We need a massive realignment of investment in the direction of our young. 
Corporatist to citizen: “Give us all your money and we’ll create you a job.” Citizen to corporatist: “Give me my basic right to universal healthcare, a good education and a decent shot - and I’ll create my own damn career.”
Money doesn’t come from a bunch of corporate aristocrats dropping crumbs from the table in the form of job creation; money comes from the creativity and productivity of the American people when unshackled from the tyranny of an unjust economic system that withholds basic rights.
As president my goal will be that every school is a palace of learning, culture ; art. No more basing educational funding on property taxes. A US Department of Children ; Youth. How many unrealized $millions, billions, possibly trillions cuz we fail to develop every child’s brain
Millions of traumatized American children to go to school every day in classrooms that don’t have adequate school supplies  to teach a child to read. If a child can’t read by 8, chances of high school graduation drastically decreased ; chances of incarceration greatly increased.
 Thank you. I used to naïvely believe that only people on the Right lied, smeared, and were all out horrible to those with whom they disagreed. And you’re right; that woman has absolutely no idea who I am.
 While it’s unreasonable to assume we’ll overturn Citizens United anytime soon given current make up of SCOTUS, we can pass legislation to establish public funding of federal campaigns ;  pass a constitutional amendment to provide it.The most important thing we can do is all vote!
We need to tax assets of $1B at 3%, $50M at 2%. Then having returned to the public coffers the ridiculous transfer of wealth that we have made in this country into the hands of a few over the last 40 years, we will go about the work of healing our country. 
We need to repeal the 2017 $2T tax cut which gave $.83 of every dollar to the very richest corporations ;individuals, put back in the middle-class tax cuts, stop the absurd corporate subsidies ($26B to fossil fuel companies???), limit military spending to what the military needs.
We have hundreds of volunteers across the country doing the work on the ground in their own cities. We have text banking, phone banking, and canvassing happening all the time. Join us!  
We need more justice, more mercy ; more conscience - in life ; in politics. Let’s more than prosecute a case against Trump; let’s prosecute a case against an essentially heartless system that produced him - with new ideas and a new vision for our country. 
 Not at all! I’ve simply said that in the withdrawal process, I want the rights of women to be factored into the negotiations.
On my Department of Peace proposal...an idea whose time has come. 
What we most need now is a political vision, not simply political mechanics. 
We all win when we all win. Reparations are an economic stimulus - not a cost but a benefit. New study shows that if black families were as rich as white ones then our economy would be $1.5T bigger. 
In a world where fear exhibits a constant gravitational pull, positivity is not a given - in politics or anywhere else. An effort to disrupt today’s dysfunctional politics  - with new language, new possibilities and new priorities - is an antidote to fear and a triumph of love.
Our ability to take in the horror of what is happening environmentally ; summon the courage to do something about it will determine the most critical choice in humanity’s history: whether to continue the journey of evolution or through our own selfishness ; greed elect to end it.
Large groups of desperate people should be seen as a national security risk because desperate people do desperate things. That's why I put the amelioration of unnecessary suffering front ; center in my national security agenda. See my Dept. of Peace plan: 
Jay Inslee dropped out of the presidential race today. His contribution was immeasurable, and his departure deepens not only my commitment but I assume the commitment of every candidate to keep the issue of the climate crisis front and center in the campaign.
Like all other issues confronting us the climate crisis is a moral crisis. Humanity is at a crossroads: we need to choose between a system that allows greed to run rampant over the survival needs of the species, or a state of consciousness where such a thing would be unthinkable.
 Nope. It’s the 11th hour but it’s not midnight yet.
 You speak to what we need to realize: that the earth will be fine - she just might need to shake us off for 2 or 3 hundred thousand years while she repairs herself. The issue then is to consider the immeasurable amount of human suffering that would accompany that scenario.
 The entire environmental crisis is like a fire  that has been intentionally set. All the more reason to stop setting the fires,  and ask ourselves why we continue to acquiesce to a system that allows it. Greed should no longer be allowed to override the concern for our survival.
The Amazon burning is a reminder of humanity’s pathological irreverence toward the earth, a self-destructive dysfunction from which we will heal or possibly not even survive as a species. This is more than a climate crisis; it is a survival crisis, and it should be seen as such.
Will be heading to New Hampshire on Sunday... 
 I didn’t “steal” it. I said that I agree with him!
At the Meskwaki Powwow in Iowa...
 WAW agrees with every point Marianne Williamson makes, and hopes that every presidential candidate and U.S. policymaker…
Capitalism must have a conscience; that’s the conversation conscious people are having - even some prominent capitalist leaders. Short-term profit maximization for stockholders should not come before ethical responsibility to other stakeholders. This course correction is overdue.
 Those with the deepest commitment to love are those who most fully recognize the power of evil. That’s why we keep stressing love: so evil doesn’t have so much room to fester.
 Absolutely I have. But capitalism must have a conscience ; that’s the conversation conscious people are having today - even some prominent capitalist leaders. This course correction is long overdue ; in some quarters it’s already begun. But we can’t let up on insisting it’s time.
We need a fundamental disruption of our economic, social ; political status quo. We need a non-violent revolution of the heart, a fierce repudiation of a heartless economic ; political reality that has had its way with us for far too long ; should have its way no longer.
It’s not enough to reduce people’s suffering; we must challenge the underlying forces that make all that suffering inevitable. This will not be done by a political class tied to those forces in an unholy $ alliance, no matter how well-intentioned the individuals within it may be.
Unfettered capitalism, disconnected from a sense of moral ; ethical responsibility to people ; planet, has done ; continues to do immeasurable damage. It will only be changed by an awakening of We the People. The political establishment that enabled the trend will not reverse it.
Americans aren’t weary because we’re doing too much; we’re weary because we’re not doing enough important things. We’re not a people attuned to incremental changes. We’re attuned to moon shots: Green New Deal, Depts. of Children ; Peace, healing the past, creating a moral economy
Glad to see California, carmakers, holding firm resisting Trump plan to roll back auto emission standards. We’re going forward; we’re not going backwards. 
Thank you so much I deeply appreciate the support. 
Thank you to the Honorable Andrea Boland for your endorsement 
 I did not do any such thing.
Fierce women, powerful women, humanitarian women. 
 Since you know what’s really happening Michael, don’t you want to give a shout out to the one who’s been saying it all along? 
 Thank you, Jane 💖
It’s time for Americans to rise up once again, as we have done at various times in our past, in the face of any and all undemocratic forces. 
 Many thanks, Nomiki.
 We keep trying!
Women have to be there for other women, whether at our side or on the other side of the world. 
This morning we made it to the 130,000 unique donor mark! Many thanks to those of you who made it happen. Now we wait to see whether we make 2% in 4 DNC-designated polls, and that will determine whether not I’ll be in Houston for the third debate.
Marianne Williamson - Yes To What We Know To Be True!   via
I mean. This is funny. 
Hey I would love to be on your podcast. Love your idea of an Artists Corps, greater funding for the arts etc.
Say yes to what we know can be true... 
Today I’ve officially unveiled my proposal for a United States Department of Peace.  
It helps when a presidential candidate starts laying it down for real. 
Here are my Native American justice policy positions 
My talk at the Hive global leaders summit at Northern California’s Multiversity last week: 
We’re in the final stretch now! Thank you! We need less than 1000 more first time donors to make it by the deadline. Be honest: have you called your dental assistant’s second-grade teacher to ask for a donation yet? 
 My policy prescriptions are here. In addition, I will be unveiling my proposal for a Department of Peace this afternoon. 
“The first thing we’ll do is take down that picture of Andrew Jackson.” 
 I didn’t say I support the war in Afghanistan. I said that in negotiating our withdrawal, I want to see the rights of women factored into the agreement.
My talk in San Francisco on August 15th. Thank you, Manny! 
Many thanks to
 Thank you so much, Vishen! That’s the shift in perception that will make all the difference. Thank you for leading the way...
Right now we need 3,049 more first-time contributors to make it to the 130,000 we need for the donor qualifications for the next DNC debate. Let’s get it done by the end of this week-end!! 
 NO!! I appreciate the work you’ve done, by the way. Please contact me if you’d like to connect.
The US withdrawing troops from Afghanistan without ensuring the rights and protection of women is is unacceptable. The Taliban’s history of brutality towards women must not be forgotten or ignored in these negotiations. 
I'm speaking live in Santa Cruz tonight.. Watch the livestream here or at  
 Correcting this right away. Thank you for letting me know.
My administration will create a massive realignment of resources in the direction of America’s children. The way to plan for extraordinary economic abundance 10 years from now is by taking better care of our… 
 Please tell me where you got this. It is inaccurate.
Here was my talk in San Francisco last night. Will be live streaming tonight from Santa Cruz 7:30 pt 
 No I did not.
Streaming live tonight from San Francisco 6pm PT... Live here on Twitter or at  
 “If you want the same old, same old ... I’m not your girl.” Check out making  to
“She’s already made the race a helluva lot more interesting.”
We need fewer than 5,000 more first time donors to make it to the 130,000 we need. Please help us get there. 
Pres. Trump pressured Israel into denying entry into the country to Congresswomen Omar and Talib. As president, I look forward to visiting Israel and the West Bank with them. That is how we will build relationships and foster peace.
The US loses all moral authority when we fail to side with those whose values we share. Democracy protestors in Hong Kong are courageously standing up against autocratic rule and the US should clearly  stand for pro-democracy elements in Hong Kong and anywhere else in the world.
Seth Meyers was fun... 
Team Marianne 2020 here - We apologize for tonight's technical difficulties. We will be livestreaming Marianne's San Francisco talk tomorrow evening at 6pm PT. We hope you'll join us tomorrow evening.
Just landed in San Francisco, heading to Oakland. We expect to go live at 7:30PM PT. 
 Lol
Told ‘ya... (this time, let’s respond with full power)
Prayers for police officers, all Philadelphians during today’s crisis. Time for fundamental break with past: universal background checks, outlaw bump stocks ; assault weapons, close loopholes. Need personal, cultural ; political commitment to peace - or the violence will continue
Plane delayed out of NYC. Stay tuned for info regarding time of livestream tonight.
There’s a saying that every problem comes bearing its own solution ; that’s true of America today. We’ll heal by aligning our economics, domestic ; international policies with an ethical core. Will post my talk live tonight from Oakland on Moral Politics. 7pm PT.
 No, I did not compare myself to Gandhi or to MLK,  ; I responded to policy questions when policy questions were put to me. Regarding any of the policies that you mentioned, I have as many positions as any candidate. 
 Please tell your father how grateful I am.
“As our task is new, we must think anew, and act anew.” - Abraham Lincoln 
 Try your second wife’s therapist.
We need fewer than 8,000 first time donors to make it by the August 28 deadline. (Called your car mechanic’s second cousin yet?) 
 we’ll all be rooting for you tomorrow. Lots of love to you, prayers for your healing and swift recovery!
From a new political conversation emerges a new political reality.  
We need fewer than 9,000 first-time donors in order to make it by the August 28 DNC deadline to stay in the debates. Let’s make it happen this week! Called your every last friend and acquaintance yet?:) 
I'm in Oakland on Wednesday, August 14, 7PM ~ RSVP Here:  
 The last video I sent you was a bad link. Here is a compilation of testimony from people who knew me during the AIDS crisis. 
We will not defeat the president with a political argument, economic argument, or rational argument. We will defeat the president with a moral argument. Like the space between Goliath’s eyes, it is the one area… 
 Read my Instagram post!
 President John F. Kennedy said, “We cannot afford to be materially rich and spiritually poor.”
So inspired by children at the Meskwaki settlement powwow in Iowa yesterday. Watching them dance, seeing them so connected to their tribal community ; identity, I was struck by how important it is for every generation to give that gift to their children.  
Just finished discussing our Disability Justice platform in Cedar Rapids via Facebook Live with Catherine Crist, chair of The Disability Caucus of the Iowa Democratic Party.    
 I’m very sorry to hear that, but you didn’t get that information from me.
 Here is a compilation from some who were there 
 I hadn't seen this. I never in any way told anyone not to take their meds, they created their disease or that thoughts alone could heal them. Buddha said the world is an illusion but Buddhists go to the doctor. Einstein said time and space are illusions but he was a scientist.
 I agree.
Inspired by the annual powwow at the Meskwaki settlement in Tama County, Iowa today 
 Such as...?
Starting at one minute, Jimmy Fallon does a test: is it Marianne Williamson or is it Dumbledore? What’s most hilarious is that I failed it a couple times myself! 
The ultimate answer to violence is not only the suppression of violence but also  the creation of nonviolence. We do need stricter gun safety laws and greater mental health services (please see issues page at… 
 As you have always been one of my intellectual heroes, I hope you’ll watch this video to correct your perception of my work with people with AIDS. 
 :)
 I have clarified it 1 million times but I will be glad to clarify it again. I am not an anti-vaxxer nor was I ever.
The truth about my work with people who had AIDS. This from someone who actually was there... 
We need less than 12,000 more unique donors now. We’re getting there. Thank you! Let’s GO!!!! 
Hope to see you at one of my events in California next week! I'll be there August 14-17.RSVP Here:  
Speaking live at the Iowa State Fair now..  
 Great talking point.
 That is absolutely not what happened. The campaign will make a statement tomorrow.
Here’s to you, Russell. Many thanks... 
I call on the president of the USA to personally call this man and request that he retract his hideous, misogynistic, anti-Semitic comments. I call on the FBI to pay him a visit and warn him that such statements will not be tolerated. And I call on all Americans to denounce them. 
 No it is not unconstitutional. Assault weapons were banned for years and then we allowed the ban to expire. During that time, there were only a fraction of the number of mass shootings. The assault weapons ban needs to be renewed.
 Hey. Democracy belongs to everybody!
 Ouch! What happened??
We need fewer than 15,000 new donors by August 28. Any amount will do - even $1! Have you asked your dentist’s second cousin yet? Your old boyfriend’s sister? Your kindergarten teacher? Get going!!:) 
Polls show 70% of Americans want to renew the assault weapon ban, but Repubs plan no action to do anything like that. So far this will be no different than any other mass shooting: Senate ; White House will do NOTHING. Next question: what will we, the American people, do in 2020?
 Provide path to citizenship to every undocumented person who hasn’t committed a serious crime.  Reagan gave 8 million people amnesty! At the border we need more agents, technology, judges, processing ability. And we need massive humanitarian aid to the northern triangle countries
The lack of compassion that permeates the policies of this administration constitute a national emergency. Every citizen needs to rise to the occasion and do everything we can to align the policies of this country with the conscience of its people. 
“The primary aspect of the presidency is moral leadership.” - FDR 
 What advice are you assuming I gave to people? This is all a preposterous smear with no semblance to the truth. I never told an AIDS patient not to take medicine - or anything even close.
This is cool. 
 NO.
On CNN This morning... 
A little over 17,000 more unique donors needed to make the August 28 deadline to get me into the third DNC debate. Please do everything you can to make it happen. Thank you! 
Toni Morrison will be a name and a genius long remembered. May her soul be blessed as it continues on its journey. The world is blessed by what she gave while she was here.
 
Enjoyed being with Trevor Noah and his audience this evening... 
 Of course we myet treat symptoms! We need an integrative politics just like we have integrative health, where we address all the different levels of experience. That’s why I have many policies on my website 
If you’re on the East Coast, turn it on now! Anywhere else, I am on The Daily Show with Trevor Noah tonight at 11 PM at Comedy Central. He was really lovely. Very grateful to have been on... 
The Reparations Plan 
 No, I do not. But I know that in a world that’s gone mad, the sane are told that they are crazy.
 I agree. That’s why I’m running.
“The dogmas of the quiet past are inadequate to the stormy present. The occasion is piled high with difficulty and we must rise with the occasion. As our case is new, we must think anew and act anew. We must disenthrall ourselves, and then we shall save our country” - Abe Lincoln
“And she’ll keep rising.” 
 I did reply, as soon as I saw it in NY magazine. And of course “heinous wind chime” hit a nerve; it’s based on a totally false perception of me. You might not agree with me, but to say horrible things based on things that aren’t even true is no different than what Trump does.
I'll be in Iowa August 9-10. RSVP here: 
 I have NEVER said that people “should get off” their antidepressants, and I have NEVER “railed against” vaccines. You will not find one shred of evidence of either.
 I have never implied that people taking anti-depressants are weak, I never told people with AIDS that they could just love it away, and I never told overweight people that their problem is that they don’t pray enough. EVER.
 My life’s work – anything I have actually done or not done - you’re not basing anything on that? You’re willing to make an accusation like that because you don’t like the sound of my voice?!
 It’s the truth at the heart of all the great religious systems of the world. There’s only one Truth and it’s spoken in different ways. The reason the answer to the world’s problem’s is spiritual is because love creates and lovelessness destroys - externally as well as internally.
 Where there is light, there cannot be darkness. Evil is what happens in the absence of love. Wherever love is withheld, evil gets a foot in the door.
 Do you honestly think the people who want that wall are doing it because they’re planning to spend more money on people who need it here? Nothing could be further from the truth, I’m afraid.
 My deepest condolences 🙏🏻
 That’s the point. It’s NOT always kumbaya. People who have the deepest understanding of love have the deepest understanding of evil. That’s why we’re so adamant about not giving it room to fester.
 You say that as though your perception is so sophisticated. The truth is, Isis would never have appeared had we not invaded Iraq. The existence of Isis is proof of my point, not proof of yours.
So how do you do it? The answer isn’t complicated - it’s just confronting. You feed the hungry, help the poor, educate the children, make peace not war. You atone for your mistakes ; make amends where you can. You stop pretending that what you’re doing now is anything even close.
Love casts out hate the way light casts out darkness. But love without action is not love. Love without justice is not love. Love without mercy is not love. Love that’s just talk is not love.
The only thing that will cast the hate that was unleashed this weekend is if we get as serious about love as some people are serious about hate. Not just in our personal lives, but in our policies as well.
We need 19,500 more unique donors. Getting there! Deadline is August 28. Please spread the word... 
 Please sign the list at 
 
Thank you, Las Vegas! Had a wonderful time... 
There's an ancient strain of misogyny that labels any women who doesn't toe the line with the status quo of her time as "crazy" or "dangerous." Twas always thus. We will not have full empowerment of women until we face that head on. 
I’m all in for J.D. Scholten!!! Let’s help make this happen... 
The race is on! Please ask everyone you know for a dollar or two. We need 20,000 more new donors by August 28 to get us into the third debate. Thank you! 
 Nobody is asking you to give up the right to bear arms. But you do not have the right to avoid common sense regulation and protection.

 That isn’t true. The Constitution gives the right to bear arms. It doesn’t say they can’t be regulated regarding safety. For that matter, it says “for the purposes of a well regulated militia.”
 The reason that doesn’t fly and never did is that someone wielding a knife could not have killled 19 people and wounded 40. Only an assault weapon can do that.
We must outlaw all assault style weapons for civilian use. Even then, there will still be millions of them on the street. Next we need to outlaw the manufacture and sale of the bullets that they carry.
At a certain point it isn’t about what happened; it’s about who we choose to be regarding what happened. Each of us must rise to the occasion now, committing to the electoral defeat of any politician who supports the NRA. Gun safety legislation must be the cry of our generation.
 Nope.
Overtime on Bill Maher 
From my appearance on Bill Maher last night... 
Prayers for the people of El Paso in this agonizing moment. And prayers for all the rest of us as well, that we might summon up the courage to remove this scourge from our midst. Let us pray and let us act.
We need another 27,000 new donors to make it into the third debate in September. If you haven’t donated yet please do, and ask everyone you know for $1 or more to carry us over the line.
 No, I would never have said that about your mother because I have never said it about anyone.
Under a new Trump administration plan, 500,000 children will lose their free lunches. With 13 million food insecure children in America this is unacceptable. As president, a primary goal of my administration will be to end hunger in our country.  
 No I did not. You will not find that anywhere.
 I am not Tom Cruise, and I do not - nor have I ever - made a blanket condemnation of  psychotherapeutic drugs. I am very happy for you that you have found the help you need.
 My record is just fine. It’s the opposite of what you say. Distortions of my record does not change who I am or what I have done with my life over the last 35 years.
Among the many lies out there now there is one saying I told people with AIDS not to take their medicine - repeated even by supposedly reputable sources. Please read this and share with others. It is by someone who was actually there. 
I’ll be on Bill Maher’s show tonight...
 Thank you Ari Allen for this video. The lie that I ever told anyone not to take medicine is having a slanderous effect, and I appreciate your putting this out there. 
 Such visualizations as part of a medical healing process is an integrative modality now a routine part of medical practice at even the most prestigious academic and medical institutions. You’re the last person I would have expected to see mimicking slanderous talking points
 Nothing could be further from the truth. And by the way, when I was telling people God was bigger than their virus there was no medicine yet at all. 
 It’s that one issue about telling people they can’t have private insurance. I have a problem with that one piece of it. I know all the arguments and I agree with them, actually. But I hesitate on that one thing. It’s a process. We have a while before I’m president:)
 Of course I do. The questions around mandatory vaccines, bundling, the $4B paid out in injury compensation since the Vaccine immunity Act in 1986 - I simply said I understood there are legitimate questions that should not be shut down in a free society.
 I’m trying. I just have that one last hang-up but I’m in process...
 But I am not and I never have.
 No they do not. You cannot find one word that I have ever said that is anti-science. I do not rely on my “gut,” as you so condescendingly declare. Your description of me was taken from the cheapest kind of journalism. No professionalism or analytical judgements there whatsoever.
So let’s state it again. I’m pro medicine. I’m pro science. I’ve  never told anyone not to take medicine. I’ve never fat-shamed anyone. And today there’s a new one: no I don’t support Scientology. The machinery of mischaracterization is in high gear now. Gee, did I upset someone?
 No YOU are the one going on “gut feeling” to describe me as anti-medicine, anti-science, anti-data etc. You had no evidence, no proof, only hearsay  ; words taken out of context ; shoddy journalism. I’m not “serious” enough for you only because I’m not in your club.
 I have no ties with either.
 That is NOT what I did.
 Given that her husband told the NYTimes she'd been on medicine for anxiety ; depression for years, in what way was that irresponsible Anderson? We could have had a conversation of nuance ; import yet that's not what happened. Unfortunately all you did was attack ; repeat yourself
 I have a 35 year career working with people in some of the most dire, crisis-laden moments of their lives; I think I'm "informed." I have never uttered an "anti-science" or "anti-medicine" word. Nor have I fat-shamed. Nor am I a Scientologist.  Let's see, anything else today....?
 Never ever ever did I say such a thing. EVER. 
 Fine! Ask a question, but then let me answer...
 I’ve never made light of mental illness. I’ve never made light of AIDS. And I’ve never made light of vaccines. Interesting caricature, but it has nothing to do with me.
 Thank you, Bette. And I’m being mocked BECAUSE I’m telling some deep indelible truths...
I didn’t expect such an aggressive conversation with but I figure it’s good rehearsal for debating Donald Trump.
 Your perception of my beliefs is inaccurate. If I saw things the way you think I see them, I probably wouldn’t like me either. An actual reading of my books - not taking a sentence or two out of context in a way that can be used to ridicule me - reveals a very different picture.
“Power without love is reckless and abusive; love without power is sentimental and anemic.” - Martin Luther King Jr.
 During the early days of the AIDS crisis there WAS no medicine. And when there was, I supported it in every way. The only thing being "peddled" is this false narrative about my work. If you're interested in what really happened : 
Thank you, Jonathan! 
“Waging peace is nutty to the political gatekeepers, but invading country after country with disastrous results is sober-minded leadership.” 
 
“There is no one else like you on that stage.” Thanks, 
If you think any of this wonkiness is going to deal with this dark psychic force of the collectivized hatred that this President is bringing up in this country then I'm afraid that the Democrats are going to see some very dark days.   
 
That’s what we need to stand up to. We need to have a constitutional amendment. We need to have legislation to do it and until we do it, it’s just the same old same old.  
...to think that they now have the moral authority to say we're going to take them on, I don't think the Democratic Party should be surprised that so many Americans believe “yada, yada, yada.”  
But for politicians, including my fellow candidates, who themselves have taken tens of thousands--and in some cases--hundreds of thousands of dollars from these same corporate donors...  
We, the American people must rise up and do what we do best and create a new possibility; say no to what we don't want and yes to what we know can be true.I’m Marianne Williamson and that’s why I’m running for president.  
Conventional politics will not solve this problem. Because conventional politics is part of the problem.  
And this new false god takes precedence over the safety and the health and the wellbeing of we the American people and the people of the world and the planet on which we live.  
For an amoral economic system has turned short-term profits for huge multinational corporations into a false god.  
We have not ever totally actualized this ideal, but at the times when we have done best, we have tried.  
   
...love each other, love our democracy, love future generations. Something emotional and psychological that will not be emerging from anything on this stage. It will emerge from something I’m the one who's qualified to bring forth.   
And the only way you can override them is with new voices; voices of energy that only come from the fact that America has been willing to live up to our own mistakes, atone for our own mistakes, make amends for our own mistakes...  
I want a politics that goes much deeper. I want a politics that speaks to the heart because the only way to fight--you keep talking about how we're going to fight Donald Trump--you can't fight dog whistles, you have to override them.   
And those who might not like Donald Trump will continue to stay home.  
And until the Democratic Party is ready to speak to the deeper corruption, knowing that we ourselves sometimes because of our own corporate donations have participated, then I'm afraid those who vote for Trump will continue to vote for Trump.   
There's some corruption that is so deep, ladies and gentlemen.  
The fact that countries see us not only domestically but internationally, with policies that simply support our corporate overlords. The fact that our national defense agenda is driven more by short term profits for defense contractors than by genuine peacebuilding. 
Even on the subject of foreign policy, it's all about symptoms and not about cause. We need to talk about the fact that the United States has sacrificed our moral leadership.   
    
Not just to talk about health care, but talk about why are we so sick all the time. We need to have a serious conversation about race and what is truly owed.   
And in order to do that we need more than political insider game and wonkiness and intellectual argument. Those things will not defeat Donald Trump. We need some radical truth telling.   
Yes, our problem is not just that we need to defeat Donald Trump. We need a plan to solve institutionalized hatred, collectivized hatred, and white nationalism.   
That is what government should do. All policy should help people thrive. That is how we will have peace and that is how we will have prosperity.  
This is not just about a plan to do it, it’s about a philosophy of governing and I’ve heard some people here tonight, I almost wonder why you’re Democrats. You seem to think there is something wrong about using the instruments of government to help people.  
If we get rid of this college debt, think of all the young people who will have the discretionary spending, they’ll be able to start their business. The best thing you can do to stimulate the U.S. economy is to get rid of this debt.  
We had a 2 billion dollar tax cut where 83 cents of every dollar goes to the very, very richest among us. That does not stimulate the economy.  

I think that all domestic and international policy should be based on the idea that anything we do to help people thrive is a stimulation to our economy. That's how you stimulate your economy.   
...because so many Americans realize there is an injustice that continues to form a toxicity underneath the surface, an emotional turbulence that only reparations will cure.    
And I believe that anything less than $100 billion dollars is an insult and I believe that $200 to $500 billion is politically feasible today...    
If you did the math of the 40 acres and a mule, given that there was 4 to 5 million slaves at the end of the Civil War, and they were all promised 40 acres and a mule for every family of four, if you did the math today, it would be trillions of dollars.  
What makes me qualified to say $200 to $500 billion dollars? I'll tell you what makes me qualified.   
That great injustice has had to do with the fact that there was 250 years of slavery followed by another hundred years of domestic terrorism.   
We need to recognize that when it comes to the economic gap between blacks and whites in America, it does come from a great injustice that has never been dealt with.    
All that a country is is a collection of people. People heal when there's some deep truth telling.  
   
First of all, it’s not $500 billion dollars in “financial assistance,” it's $500 billion dollars---$200 to $500 billion dollars--payment of a debt that is owed. That is what reparations is.   
And if the Democrats don't start saying it, then why would those people feel that they’re there for us? And if those people don’t feel it, they won’t vote for us and Donald Trump will win.  
We need to say it like it is. It's bigger than Flint. It's all over this country, it’s particularly people of color, it’s particularly people who do not have the money to fight back.   
If you think any of this wonkiness is going to deal with this dark psychic force of the collectivized hatred that this President is bringing up in this country then I'm afraid that the Democrats are going to see some very dark days.  
I assure you, I lived in Grosse Pointe. What happened in Flint would not would not have happened in Grosse Pointe. This is part of the dark underbelly of American society. The racism, the bigotry, and the entire conversation that we're having here tonight.  
 
We have an administration that has gutted the Clean Water Act. We have communities, particularly communities of color and disadvantaged communities, all over this country who are suffering from environmental injustice.  
My response on the Flint water crisis is that Flint is just the tip of the iceberg. I was recently in Denmark, South Carolina where there's a lot of talk about it being the next Flint.   
It is time for us to start over with people who have not taken donations from any of these corporations and can say with real moral authority, “That is over. We are going to establish public funding for federal campaigns."   
 
And none of this will change until we either pass a constitutional amendment or pass legislation that establishes public funding for federal campaigns.
The issue of gun safety, of course, is that the NRA has us in a chokehold.  But so do the pharmaceutical companies, so do the health insurance companies, so do the fossil fuel companies and so do the defense contractors.
 
Everything that we’re talking about here tonight is what's wrong with American politics. And the Democratic Party needs to understand that we should be the party that talks not just about symptoms but also about causes.
 
And when forces have opposed them, generations of Americans have risen up and pushed back against those forces. We did that with abolition, and with women’s suffrage, and with civil rights. And now it is time for a generation of Americans to rise up again
In 1776, our founders brought forth on this planet an extraordinary new possibility. It was the idea that people, no matter who they were, would simply have the possibility of thriving.
The power of sisterhood... 
The United States spends 10 times more on fossil fuel subsidies than it does on education. Such greed and corruption that will only end when we the people rise up to end it. 
Thank you, Alyssa. You’re wonderful... 
One more mass shooting: more dead, more suffering. We need universal background checks. Outlaw bump stocks, close loopholes, ban AR 15s and bullets needed to shoot them. All of us must show up now. ONLY support politicians willing to stand up to the NRA. 
The undue influence of corporate money on our political system is the issue underlying almost all other issues. I’ve signed the American Promise pledge to support a Constitutional Amendment to override Citizens United. 
 The “New Age nutcase” narrative is a purposefully created red herring, meant to throw people offtrack politically who’d like to think of themselves as not capable of being so easily thrown off track.
As president, I’d direct a massive realignment of investment in the direction of our children. That’s the most powerful way to create peace ; prosperity over the next 10 years. Every school in the country should be a palace of learning, culture ; the arts.  
 Yes, I understand that. But something is going on now that's beyond that...gone one step further...don't you think?
 No, that's not what high-minded conservatism is. High-minded conservatism would wish those agencies bare-boned, perhaps, but not turned into mere empty shells.
 I have much better ideas and I hope you'll check them out. 
 Love you, Jane.
 This isn't a dream. It's our historical challenge and we must rise to it. I hope...I pray...I think we will.
 Yep. But the ice is starting to crack...
 Of course. But the Intelligence agencies simply report their findings; the Intelligence Chief gives those findings to the president. This president disagreed with Coats because he didn't like the intel given; chooses instead someone in the position who will simply agree with him.
Something more sinister is occurring here than the political establishment knows how to deal with. It's not that they don't sense something terribly wrong; I think they do. But they thought Mueller could get him and it didn't work. We are dealing here with a coup from within.
And it isn't just that; there's a pattern. It's what he did by appointing William Barr AG. Or Andrew Wheeler as head of  EPA.These aren't solid conservative voices, not at all.They're people put in positions of authority in agencies where their function is basically to destroy it
I'm not a conspiracy theorist but what the president is doing is chilling. Firing the independent-minded head of our National Intelligence services so one of his minions can replace him, deprives the American people of an important advocate on our behalf. 
 I agree! That’s why I’m running.
 And those are exactly the kinds of conversations we are having... 
“People are ready for deep conversations, and that’s what we’re having on this campaign.” My appearance on Alex Witt on MSNBC this morning 
 Wow, Seth. I would’ve expected better from you. That smear of me is a complete mischaracterization of my life and career, and I thought the Democratic candidates were going to be treating each other with greater respect. 
 Please sign the list at 
The United States should not be supporting a genocidal war in Yemen. 
“That is how demagogues behave.” My appearance on Face the Nation this morning. 
 You’re criticizing me for something I’ve never done.
Check out my plan for a U.S. Dept. Of Children and Youth 
 I visited Homestead Detention Center in Florida. As President, I would close the centers immediately.
Exactly right. 
I couldn’t agree more. 
“Donald Trump did not create the problem. The problem created Donald Trump.” 
 Which I do not do


 
 We do not give millions in foreign aid “rather than” feeding our own children. Money cut from our international humanitarian aid budget is never used to increase humanitarian spending here.
There are millions of children who go to school hungry every day in America, asking their teachers if maybe they have some food for them. But Trump will now get his $2.5B for a wall. This is how deeply, insanely our political values have strayed from love. 
Today is the 29th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. I have found, visiting such places as the Center for the Blind ; Opportunity Village (for the intellectually impaired) in Las Vegas, NV, that… 

Thank you! 
This Sunday I am scheduled to be on Face the Nation. Hopefully I’ll have the opportunity to discuss my proposal for a cabinet level Department of Children and Youth. We have a sea of unnecessary human suffering among… 
We need to do more than stop climate change; we need to reverse it. It’s a huge job, and we’ll only be able to do it if we begin to see the task itself as one of the reasons we’re alive. 

 There is no man in the sky.
 Please sign the elist at  and we will let you know!
Thank you, Maria! 
 You yourself paid nothing.
Only if we’re willing to take an honest look at our history will we be able to create a better future. It’s a sign of strength not weakness to admit where we’ve been wrong, make amends for errors ; start over from a better place.The generation that does that will transform the US
The needs of the 21st century can’t adequately be addressed by 20th century thinking, individually or collectively. With everything we do we must think not only of one of us but of all of us. “We must learn learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.” - MLKJr.
 You wish.
 Huh?
 Absurd misrepresentation.
“I honor gay love because it’s love. I honor love.” 
 As a Jew, I can tell you how offensive that is. A politics of love would have meant that many countries, including the United States, would have taken the Nazi threat far more seriously much sooner than it did.
Don't forget to join us TONIGHT at 5:30p PST / 8:30p EST for our National Volunteer Call. Alyssa will be introducing a special guest tonight! Learn about our volunteer needs and teams and get excited for Marianne. Register here:  
 Oh yes we can.
A politics of love is not a path of passivity or weakness. It is a path of radical truth-telling, refusal to look away from unnecessary suffering, and a courageous rejection of criminal, economic and social injustice. Only big truth will have the power to defeat big lies. 
 
 
 It’s not as though the other way is working.
The Mueller path has pretty much reached its conclusion, finally putting to bed the notion that traditional legalistic measures will defeat this president. It’s time to consider another way. A politics of fear will only be defeated by a politics of love. 
 Omg I mean tweet!
 Someone just pointed out to me that I was replying to a four-year-old text lol.
 No one ever followed up? How do we fix that?
43,000 more unique donors needed to make it to the third debate! Let’s make it happen... 
 It’s about big Pharma lobbying Congress at $282M last year (oil ; gas $125M). It’s about $4B in compensation claims since the 1986 law. It’s about Centers for Disease Control Refusing to do more research, despite pressure from Inst. of Medicine. And about the squashing of debate.
 Jonas Salk was a great scientist. The polio vaccine did and does save lives. The current controversy about vaccines is not about their inherent value. It’s about the rise in chronic illnesses (from 12% to 54%) among American children since the “Vaccine Protection Law” in 1986.
 
 I’m pro-vaccine ; pro-science! Also pro-responsibility on part of Big Pharma ; independent govt oversight. We’re currently indicting Big Pharma execs for opioid crisis. In every other area we should just assume they’re a paragon of pure intention and concern for the common good?
 That’s a very good point. The undereducation of so many Americans - particularly about history -  is at the root of many of our problems today.
 
Hawaii isn’t just beautiful land ; beaches. There’s an ugly historical underbelly there - from Dole Pineapple deposing Queen Liliuokalani in 1893 all the way to Monsanto and GMO’s in Maui today. It’s time for our generation to rise up, become aware ; take a stand for human values
 No, it is not confirmed. Nor is it in any way true.
 To me, what Hawaiians want is most important. Particularly given a history of ignoring their traditions, their culture and their rights.
 Of course it’s important! But the telescope can be put on another site
Hawaii was ground zero in what became a raging pattern of corporate imperialism. I stand with Hawaiians and all Americans ready to interrupt the pattern and forge a new path. No on Mauna Kea telescope. 
 I think it’s fair to assume you’re not one of them, or you would realize what a joke that is.
 I wouldn’t agree with your second sentence, but your first one is absolutely correct.
 Uh, what...?
A new century should be guided by completely different economic thinking. These factors source money: education of children, ; psychological, emotional ; physical thriving of adults. Anything that develops the brain of a child or unleashes the spirit of an adult fuels prosperity.
Economic theory empowered by the United States government over the last 40 years has brought us to where we are. Given that 1% of Americans own more wealth than the bottom 90%, little that it offers should necessarily be used to guide us now.
 Isn't that like saying it's unfair to legalize marijuana and let out all the people who've been in jail on marijuana charges, because just think of all those people who had to serve their time? The fact that some were treated unjustly is never a reason to avoid doing justice now.
 Bingo.
 It's sort of fascinating, isn't it? It's like, "If she's actually a decent person, I might have to rethink a few things."
 Repeal '17 tax cut, put back middle class one, stop corp subsidies like $26B to fossil fuel last year, govt negotiate w/ Big Pharma, 3% tax on billionaires (Warren), 2% on $500 million+ (same). Free state college ; U tuition ; removal of college debt. All will STIMULATE economy!
So my proposal is not a plan that reduces the debt. My proposal is that the American people wake up on this one, realize how bamboozled we have been by trickle down economic theory for the last 40 years ; ask for what we really want: Not just to reduce the debt. REMOVE THE DEBT.
See what really went on there. We're told the tax cut was an economic stimulant - which it wasn't. THE REAL ECONOMIC STIMULANT WOULD BE TO REMOVE THE COLLEGE LOAN DEBT ENTIRELY. The release of creativity ; productivity would immense, creating wealth across the board for everyone.
A case in point is the 2017 tax cut v. the college loan debt crisis. The tax cut (83 cents of every $ went to richest people ; corp) cost $2T, and the loan debt is less than that. The 2017 tax cut should be repealed, although the middle class tax cut part of it should be kept in.
Sophisticated economic jargon is routinely used to pull the wool over the eyes of the American people. We're consistently told we "don't have the money" for things that should simply be considered rightfully ours.
"Children and elders are both left out by a system that primarily rewards those who can feed it economically." My appearance at the Iowa AARP Conference 
A video on U-Politics about why I support reparations for slavery. 
Samantha Bee asked me to go on her show yesterday and drop out, but I decided to go on Stephen Colbert instead and stay in… 
At a time when there are 13 million food insecure American children, the president's budget cuts 3 million people off food stamps. This is the exact opposite of the direction we should be taking as a country. 
This article demonstrates why we need a US Department of Children and Youth. Millions of American children are dealing with PTSD no less severe than that of veterans returning from war. They’ve been ignored for too long by our govt; they will not be by me. 
I’m speaking at the NAACP forum in Detroit today at 4 PM Eastern. Looking forward to discussing the deeper dive issues that can lead us all forward. 
 Lol
 Have you actually read any of my books, Sir? Or are you - contrary to what I assume is your firmly  belief in your own intellectual perspicacity - simply presuming you know what they say?
 I don’t think so...
 I didn’t call for either one.
 Actually, no I am not. I’m for capitalism with a conscience. Although the entire conversation around capitalism and socialism has gotten rather silly. What do you think the fire department is? Or the police department? Or public schools?
I am not a cult leader. I am not anti-science (that one is almost funny, given how much I quote Einstein). And I am not an anti-vaxxer. Hoping that if I repeat it 3 to 4 times a day I might penetrate the field of lies created to keep some people out of the conversation.
 So if a minister or Rabbi leads a repetitive prayer, it’s a meaningful and legitimate religious practice? But if I did it, it was a wacky New Age anti-science cult? Nothing prejudiced there at all? No smear or propaganda or anything like that?
 Give me a break. That was a racial reconciliation exercise at a church. It is not a cult, nor was it cultlike.
“The peacebuilders should have a place at the table.” 
 Lol okay
 In my vision of the future, I have the opportunity to travel with them to the Middle East. We meet with Palestinian and Israeli peace activists and as American women help forge a new path forward.
I stand in strong solidarity with the four Congresswomen now being vilified by our president. They do not deserve this, either from him or from his minions now parroting his vile and untruthful words. This is not who we are, and such debasement of our politics shall not stand.
 If I've been kicking you to the floor for two and a half centuries, then yes I owe it to you to do more than to simply stop kicking. I owe it to you to help you get back up.
The biggest roadblock to turning a good idea into a powerful manifestation is simply the thought that it can't be done. Once you think that anything is possible, then anything is.
Here’s the CNN interview I did yesterday with Ana Cabrera... 
 Uh. They did...
 Yep. I noticed that too...
The New Progressive Voice Analysis of my Anderson Cooper interview. There’s a new underground understanding of the times in which we’re living... 
OK guys, enough with the “No matter what happens, you’ll elevate the conversation.” If I had a vote for every time someone says, “You’re the candidate I want, but America isn’t ready,” or “She’s the candidate I want,… 
“He is not just a politician; he’s a phenomenon. An insider politics game will not defeat him. The traditional political establishment lacks psychological and emotional perspicacity, and it will take that to win in 2020.” 
On CNN today... 
 Hardly. 
 I agree. Which is why mere incremental policy changes are not an adequate response to the challenges of our time.
 I absolutely realize that.
Hey - when you mentioned which candidates had been on the Breakfast Club, you left one out 
“It’s not just his racist tweets that concern me... it’s his policies.”
Completely, horribly, almost unbelievably true. Many people who are very savvy about abusers and sociopaths when it comes to their personal lives, seem to have a blind spot when abusers or sociopaths are acting as institutions or on a large public stage. 
 There are collective expressions of atonement and amends. In 1988 Ronald Reagan signed the American Civil Liberties act, giving every surviving member of the Japanese internment camps in WW2 $20,000. Few taxpayers in 1988 were responsible for what the US govt did in the 1940's.
 I like that.
 Catholics living today didn't participate in the Inquisition, either! And this isn't about guilt, it's about responsibility. There are psychological and emotional scars that affect whole groups of people and in the 21st Century we have a deeper understanding of historical trauma.
 Hear hear. And in your country, too.
 Exactly!
 Sure. But still, if a child can't read by the age of 8 then the chances of high school graduation are drastically decreased and the chance of incarceration are drastically increased. Certain minimums should be required in the richest nation on earth.
 Uh, the Declaration of Independence?
Years ago I attended a service w/ a Catholic priest who had Catholics apologize to non-Catholics for historical wrongs committed by the Church. I found it very moving ; have been proud to do something similar regarding blacks ; Native Americans in America. Nothing silly about it.
 I agree with that. But is a child who goes to school where they don't even have adequate school supplies to teach a child to read, is that child then able to pursue happiness?
The American revolution is an ongoing state of consciousness, a rambunctiousness that every generation needs to embody in the face in any threat to the idea that 1) all of us are equal 2) all of us are free to pursue happiness here ; 3) govt. exists to secure our right to do so.
 Thank you so much, Mike. I’m very grateful.
 Girlfriend...!
 In what way did the anti-war protests of that era lead to the end of the war? There are a few history books that might be of interest to you.
Hey guys! Win a trip to Detroit to come to the debates! 
 Nope.
 
Heard this once: “Ms. Williamson, you’re an aging hippie. Your generation was just sex, drugs and rock n roll.” My response: “Uh, that was just PA of the day. The rest of the day we stopped a war!!! ...Et tu?” 
There’s so much money to be made off people who are sick. There’s so much money to be made off people being at war. There’s so much money to be made keeping people so desperate that they’ll work for cheap. Will our generation rise up and say “No more?” 
 Really...?
 It will be great again. But first we have to make it good.
 No, it is not a good thing. The Labor Department’s function is to help labor, not help a corporatist agenda that supports corporate profit maximization at the expense of workers.
Big shock. The new Labor Secretary nominee is anti-labor. 
 Not one word of this is true, or has ever been true.
 Then what do you call this? 

Twelve million meals and counting. Today I remember a lot of friends, no longer with us, who worked so hard to get it all started. Project Angel Food stands in constant honor of their memory. 
“There’s you, and then there’s an image people have of you. They’re not always the same entity.” Getting real with the Hollywood Reporter... 
 Judge to slash $2 billion award for couple with cancer in Roundup lawsuit 
The Declaration of Independence is America’s mission statement;  part of our problem is that our generation has failed to emotionally and psychologically bond with it. Its principles are dead if they’re not alive in our hearts. Read it and reread it. It will change you. 
Important we consider that question because it’s not the way we function now. Much govt policy does NOT respect the equality of all ; does NOT support everyone’s pursuit of happiness. According to Dec of Ind, if govt fails to do its job it’s the right of the people to alter it.
The US is having an identity crisis, our generation forced to decide: will we or will we not choose to stand on the principles bequeathed to us: the equality of all; God-given inalienable rights to life, liberty ; the pursuit of happiness; ; govt. existing to secure those rights.
 Asking for a friend, will be our next president? 

 Okay. As president, I will... or, if elected, I will...
 Why? You think love says, “Oh it’s OK. Go on and harm the children”? That is not love.
This is what is meant by Martin Luther King Jr.’s notion of a “coalition of conscience” - people willing to take a stand for love within the political sphere. 
 There are natural, non-carcinogenic ways to do that.
 How does that fix this?
EPA refuses to ban sale of a pesticide known to cause harm to a child’s developing brain. Why? So a chemical company can make more profit! This corrupt, immoral behavior will stop when I am president.  
Standing with all those in Puerto Rico now standing up for themselves, saying “No more” to corruption that should never have been there to begin with.  
 Please sign up on our e-list at  and we'll let you know!
Great sadness about the fire in Japan. A deep loss of creativity, genius, and life itself. Prayers for the souls lost and for those now in agony over having lost them.
Donate so our campaign can create infrastructure strong enough to compete at the level on which we need to compete. Also, we still need 46,000 unique contributors to get into the third debate -- even $1 will do! 
I visited Homestead detention center 2 weeks ago. We’re spending $775 a day warehousing children when there are nonprofit groups, family members etc. willing to take them. Impressed by protesters at the capitol there now to express mercy, willing to be arrested, standing for love
 No, I did not.
I’m on Anderson Cooper in about half an hour...
 Pres Trump is a "phenomenon," says Democratic presidential candidate Marianne Williamson. "The only way to defeat a phenomenon i…
After watching the president’s speech tonight, I had a conversation about it with Anderson Cooper 
 First they ignore you. Then they laugh at you. Then they fight you...
Misrepresentations of my work are in high gear this morning, so just in case it need be said: I am not anti-vaxx. I am pro-science ; medicine. I’ve never suggested to anyone they should pray away their illness ; not see a doctor. I’ve never blamed a victim nor fat-shamed anyone.
 That is a total and absolute lie. I worked with thousands of people during the AIDS crisis, and not one ever heard me suggest they avoid a doctor. Quite to the contrary, I spent many hours driving patients to their doctor’s visits.
 I promote no dangerous “anti-public health policies,” nor have I ever. It is those promoting deep misrepresentations of my life and career over the last 35 years who are “anti-fact.”
 No, I am not an anti-vaxxer. What is irresponsible is saying that I am.
 Nothing that you just wrote about me comes anywhere close to describing who I am, my views, or what I have done with my life.
 There is nothing in my book “A Course in Weight Loss” that comes anywhere near fat-shaming. It could not be further from that.
 Nothing that I have ever said, done or written has indicated even in the slightest way that I do not believe in science. As far as people in cages are concerned, I have visited Homestead Detention center in Fla. Your impression of me has nothing to do with the facts of who I am.
On the Rubin Report today... 
For years my work was focused on the atonement, and now it’s time to move on to the amends 
I don’t mean to ruin anyone’s day, but if we don’t allow it to ruin our day then we just might allow it to ruin our country. The president’s tweets are more than racist; they border on rants of a fascist dictator. Throughout history, words such as he uses have led to catastrophe.
The political status quo will not repair itself; a status quo by definition lives only to perpetuate itself. The political establishment did not initiate end to slavery, women’s suffrage or end to segregation. Only when the people step in will we end the era of corporatist rule.
 Incorrect assumption.
The idea that an economic system untethered to any ethical or moral consideration - then given virtual control of our government - leads to anything other than societal disaster is a foolish illusion that’s already created rampant pain and dysfunction for both people and planet.
We either have a vision of the world we want to create ; align public policy with things that support it, or public policy is driven by corporate greed that turns our govt into legalized bribery. Either short term corporate profit maximization wins, or we win. We can’t have both.
Do we want a prosperous economy ten years from now?If we do, then that requires greater attention to 10 year olds today ; a massive realignment of investment in the direction of our children - all of which requires a fundamental disruption of the corporatist agenda that rubs DC.
Do we want a peaceful world? If we do, then peacebuilding agencies should have a place at the table in determining our national security agenda equal to that of defense contractors. So the vision of a peaceful world requires an interruption  of the corporatist agenda that runs DC
Do we want a healthy society? If we do, then greater health ; safety regulations are a must for food, chemical, environmental, agricultural policies. Which means the vision of a healthy society requires a fundamental pattern disruption of the corporatist agenda that now runs DC.
We must articulate and define what we want, not simply rail against what we don’t like. The most powerful part of any plan is first envisioning the goal you desire. What America most lacks is a vision for our future, and there is a reason for that....
 There is no “other side” on the subject of slavery.
 You.did.not.say.this....right?
 Thank you!! Getting on that right away. Deeply appreciative
We need 46,000 more unique donors to insure our place in the third DNC debate. Time to start asking everyone you know for those anything-at- all donations! 
I’m back in Los Angeles tonight! The Saban Theatre... 8440 Wilshire Blvd, just East of La Cienega at 7:30PM. I look forward to being with everyone in LA tonight! 
The status quo has no intention of interrupting itself. For that to happen, the people must step in. Here is my talk at yesterday’s Progressive Iowa Cornfeed ...
 I would absolutely consider it. Feel free to DM me. Thanks.
 I do say that and I say it often. The point is to realize that the same people who would withhold resources from immigrants etc. also withhold resources from the homeless etc.
 They diminish me only as a strategy to get me out of the game. Many of them take me seriously in private; otherwise they wouldn't be copying so much of what I'm saying. They're waiting to see if everyone else takes me seriously enough to donate enough to make my campaign viable.
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - MLKJr. A meaningful thing all of us can do today is ask ourselves, "What can I do today to add to the cry of national outrage at the inhumane way that immigrants are being treated?" Silence=complicity.
It’s like a recovery process! 
 Ronald Reagan gave amnesty to 8 million undocumented immigrants. Do you want to do mass deportation raids for 11 million people? In the absence of a criminal record, all should be given a path to citizenship.
 The majority of these people are not criminals. What is criminal is the propaganda that has led you to believe that they are. 
 No we were not.
 There are protests going on all over the country.
 I think it would be a great idea.
 No they would not.
Today is a day of national shame, as ICE raids are carried out throughout America. Read here for a look at the deeper moral and political issues involved...  
I’ve seen up close and personal how bad public policy has affected people’s lives... 
 Everyone, whether they are a citizen or not, is entitled to humane treatment and Constitutional protection under our system of laws.
 I don't know about this being the peak of your journalism career, but Id be glad to do your podcast. Thanks! Will dm you.
 Love to. Thanks
 I know. It’s a tough one:)
 Seeking asylum is not a crime; it is a statutory right. Kidnapping, however, IS a crime. And so is child abuse.
I heard a Trump admin official today bragging about all the help Trump is giving to the Latino community. As though those children separated at the border don’t exist. As though the trauma of children terrified now of the ICE raids doesn’t matter. As if we are a nation of fools.
Thank you, Congressman! You’re absolutely right... 
  welcomed presidential candidate during the Women’s Hall of Fame Luncheon.After her speech, I…
 But people who are not living this DO need to be told.
"There’s not one U.S. city or county where someone working a 40-hr wk on min wage of $7.25 can afford to rent a modest 2-bed apartment. Minimum wage workers need to work 3 full time jobs to make modest 2-bed rental home affordable."-  National Low Income Housing Coalition Report
About our "housing crisis:" the real crisis is that the average wage earner in America can't afford to live in a suitable home. THAT is the crisis: the unbelievable betrayal of the American worker by an economic system that doesn't care, ; a govt. that's been willing to conspire.
Can capitalism have a conscience? My interview on Bloomberg TV 
 I never said that I am anti-vaxx.
There are two political universes: one where you’re talking with voters about things that really matter, and one where you’re listening to TV pundits talk about things that really do not matter.  One is so… 
Join me Monday night in Los Angeles. We’re co-creating an amazing thing... 
The era of powerful men often protecting other powerful men at the expense of women and girls is over. Secretary Acosta should resign.
The 21st-Century mindset is different than 20th, as the 20th-Century was different than the 19th. 21st-C thinking is far more holistic, integrative and whole person, but our politics is stuck in a 20th-Century model… 
“We must do more than end war. We must end of the beginnings of all war.” - FDR. That is why I want a Dept. of Peace: to boost the societal immune system through peace building, decreasing the statistical  probability of conflict. We don’t just need war games: we need peace games
Thank you, ! 
Everything we do to help people express themselves at a higher level puts value into the economy. 
 Excuse me...?
The Boyd Trio (Kristiana, Keith and Sacarria) in Chester, South Carolina, serenaded me today at the Metropolitan AME Zion Church built in 1866. 
 I can see that.
 I love that!
 Yep.
I’ve been visiting rural South Carolina for the last few days. Here’s what I’ve been seeing and saying.... 
 Caricature to the contrary, I have as many “real world solutions” as any candidate: 
 Then there’s the ex chemical co. lobbyist who heads the EPA ; an ex oil co. exec who headed it before him. The ex CEO of Exon who was Sect’y of State ; the billionaire who sabotages public schools heading Dept. of Education. And of course, the puppet who’s the Attorney General.
 If that’s the criteria, then I should be believed and embraced.
 You have got to be kidding. ol·i·gar·chy/ˈäləˌɡärkē/ a small group of people having control of a country, organization, or institution.
These are the 3 choices before the American people: to vote for someone who IS the oligarchy; vote for someone who ACCOMODATES to the conditions of oligarchy; or vote for someone who challenges ; inspires an END to the oligarchy. Which we choose will determine America’s future.
 I look forward to it. Please sign my E-list at  so we can let you know when I’m there
What we call “the issues” aren’t  the deeper issue. They are symptoms of a deeper cause: that the U.S. has wandered off course from a functional democracy to a dysfunctional oligarchy. Only the American people awakening to this fact will create a strong enough force to change it.
Searing insights here. I have never heard Beau of the Fifth Column before, but I’m sure going to be listening to him now... 
 Thank you!
Wishing all best wishes, gratitude for his good ideas. He’s off the campaign but still on the team. His policy positions continue to inform. Thank you, Eric!
 Lol
 No I did not.
The climate crisis is the greatest moral challenge of our generation, and we ourselves must rise up to meet it. "The greatest threat to our planet is the belief that someone else will save it." - Sir Robert Swan. Here are my climate change policies: 
 No he wasn’t; there is a big difference between a peacemaker and an appeaser. Nothing I have ever said is to suggest that we appease evil. As a matter of fact, my entire candidacy is based on the idea that we should not.
 Lol
 Deep bow and much gratitude, Dave.
 You can read into it what you want to read into it but my words say what my words say. This isn’t about my other opponents - it’s about the nature of the game. Not sure why you have a problem with my mentioning something that clearly you’re aware enough to recognize is true.
 I didn’t say anything at all about my opponents, tho I said that only one other specifically mentions US military policy as an issue we should be discussing. And that that shouldn’t get one labeled something like the “hug it out” candidate. That such diminishment is undeserved.
 I’m not a pacifist. Not suggesting US doesn’t have to have strong military presence in the world. But that’s different than basing national security agenda more on profits for defense contractors than on genuine peace building. We must wage peace as well as be prepared for war.
 For the sake of a $350B arms sale to Saudi Arabia, we’re giving aerial support to a genocidal war that has starved tens of thousands of Yemenis including children. Trump vetoed a bipartisan bill trying to stop it.
 That’s actually not what I think it all. But corruption and perfidy do exist, and to argue that they’re not muddying the waters is strange. Are you suggesting the international world order is doing fine the way it is?
 Though that was hardly your intention you’re actually proving my point. The John Bolton-led decision fo America to leave the Iranian nuclear deal was a reckless abandonment of international diplomacy in favor of a dangerous militaristic go-it-alone strategy that only endangers us
 He did mention the war in Yemen during the first debate and I appreciate that. I’m talking about countering America’s outsized militarism as a pillar of one’s campaign.
The political establishment is waiting to see if we can turn the conviction of conscience into a political force. Their attitude is “Let’s see if they can do it.” Ours should be “Let’s show them that we can!!” 
So great the ubiquitous power of the military-industrial-complex that in a presidential campaign w/ 20 candidates only 2 even dare mention it (both women).So entrenched the perception that brute force is our only problem-solving option that to question it is made to look “weird.”
 It’s my quote. Happy to see it there
 That’s exactly our task. Let’s do it! 
 Thank you!
 I know. Imagine such a thing.
 Love it.
 Exactly!!
NY Magazine calls me a “peacemonger”...says my views “highly unusual” for “deep permanent defense-spending cuts ; complete reorientation of international relations to focus on conflict prevention.” That I  “challenge mainstream views of America’s role in the world.” IMAGINE THAT!
MSNBC's Rachel Maddow said Marianne “totally brought it…. was super eloquent…powerful … ”  Join Marianne @ Saban Theatre in LA on Mon, 7/15, 7:30PM ; discover for yourself. 8440 Wilshire Blvd.  $25 Sugg Donation at door to Williamson for President campaign. All are welcome. 
 You misunderstood my point. The Abolitionist movement initiated the political changes.
 Yes to all those things.
 Repeal 2017 $2T tax cut, put back middle-class cut, cut corp subsidies, reduce military spending, 3% tax on billionaires, 2% on 500M+, giving us the money to increase funding for humanitarian ; educational purposes. Dept of children ; youth, Dept of Peace, reverse climate change.
 Borrowed what, exactly?
 For Secretary of State, a great humanitarian with a deep sense of love for humanity coupled with a very sophisticated understanding of our geopolitical realities. For Secretary of Defense, a strong military person with no background in or over-enthusiasm for the defense industry.
MLKJr. spoke of a “coalition of conscience” ; that’s what we need now: people willing to take a stand for love, whether they approach it from a religious or a secular place. Nothing short of such a change in the consciousness of humanity will be strong enough to change the world.
People ask what a politics of love looks like. It's not mysterious; you make your top priorities feeding the hungry, helping the poor, educating the children ; striving to wage peace. Naive you say? What's naive is to think we'll last another 100 years on this planet if we do not
 People who "know government?" You mean, like the ones who took us into Iraq? Brought us the biggest income inequality since 1929? Brought the planet to the brink of disaster? You mean them...?
 Just to be clear: when a spiritual support group leader prays or meditates with a patient, it is NOT meant as a substitute for medicine. In today's world, an integrative approach to healing includes a spiritual component. The mind-body connection is not some wacky or voodoo idea.
What's happening to these children is the consequence of a deliberate and deliberately cruel policy, meant as a warning to people south of our border to not even think about coming here. This is an illegal policy with no basis whatsoever in sound security or immigration concerns. 
 That was NOT today's GOP.
The political establishment won't wake up one day and say, "Let end corporate corruption of our political system." Nope. It will happen when the people step in.
The political establishment didn't wake up one day and say, "Let's end segregation" Nope. It happened when the people stepped in.
The political establishment didn't wake up one day and say, "Let's give women the right to vote." Nope. It happened when the people stepped in.
The political establishment didn't wake up one day and say, "Let's end slavery." Nope. It happened when the people stepped in.
I'm not prosecuting a case against Donald Trump. I'm prosecuting a case against the system that produced him. 
Bravo to the  on their World Cup victory today! Congratulations on an extraordinary achievement. 
If you’re not on my mailing list, please sign up now! 
Join me in South Carolina this week! 
 I am not anti-vaxx
Here was my interview on CNN with Anna Cabrera tonight... 
 ?
 Spread the word!
For the love of democracy... 
My birthday is on Monday. If you’re wondering what I might like as a present, the answer is $6.70 to the Marianne Williamson for President campaign please (and tell your friends)! 
 No, I have never said “prayer is a perfectly good substitute.”  That is a complete falsehood.
“Everything has changed except the way we think. The solution to the problem lies in the heart of mankind.” - Albert Einstein
Many thanks to Jeff Bomberger... 
 Ouch!
Prayers for everyone in Los Angeles tonight. May all hearts be comforted, all bodies be safe, and the earth itself be still.
Seeking asylum is not a crime; it's a statutory right we should honor and protect. People coming to the United States in search of a better life, knowing that here they might be free to live their lives in peace, is a fundamental part of the American story.
 Thank you. That is absolutely correct.
 I am not anti-vax. I am not fat -shaming (my work on this topic is anything but that). And I am not mental-illness shaming either. I’m sorry you feel the need to so deeply misrepresent my views ; my work, but your doing so does not change who I am or what I have done with my life
 I did not make the meme! I just found it on the Internet.
Here is the link to my July 4th talk 
I'm speaking in Los Angeles on Monday, July 15, 7:30PM at The Saban Theatre, 8440 Wilshire Blvd. I hope you'll join me... 
To continue in the debates we need 49,000 more unique donors. So grateful for all the effort put into getting initial 65,000; now we need to go back to asking friends who haven’t given to give, even if just one dollar, so we can be in the third debate. 
 No. I am not an anti-vaxxer
I took a drive with Ru Paul back in 2013. I was saying it then and I’m saying it now... 
 I am not an anti-vaxxer
 I have a name in my heart but right now it should probably stay there.
My July 4 talk will be live streamed today. 2 PM Pacific, 5 PM Eastern. It’s time to re-bond with our principles, rededicate our hearts, and reclaim our power. Here’s the link:
 I am not an anti-vaxxer.
 Pls follow ; Retweet!Our weekly  for July 1, 2019! After  vaults to big lead.
 I stand corrected. But since Eisenhower was the Supreme Allied Commander during World War II, I think those tanks could be seen as the military giving him a particular salute for what he had given the country during the war. That to me feels very different than their presence 7/4
I was on CNN with Kate Bolduan last night ...and of course she asked me why I wanted to call the Prime Minister of New Zealand! PM Ardern has said that her goal is to make New Zealand the best place in the world for… 
 Did you read it?
What July 4 means today... 
 I totally understand your point. In retrospect, my tweet looks like a condemnation of the entire Democratic establishment and that is not how I feel. My problem is that if I now delete the tweet, it will get more attention.
Here is the livestream link for my July 4 talk. 2pm Pacific, 5pm Eastern. There will be no army tanks; only a celebration of the Declaration of Independence and a deep discussion about how to make it more real for our time. 
The main obstruction to the American people being served appropriately by our government is the idea - actually, the lie - that “we can’t afford it.” Don’t say “Pretty please” anymore. Say “This country belongs to us and we want it back.” 
Do we want economic prosperity in the 21st century? Then we must stop robbing from the future by sucking up quick corporate profits in the present. The way to take care of our economy 10 years from now is to take better care of all our 10 year olds today. 
It’s time for the American people to start imagining what we really want for the 21st-century. Do we want to peace? Then we must proactively wage peace and not just endlessly prepare for war. 
While we spend $.53 of every dollar on military related expenditures, more jobs are created by investment in healthcare ; education than by the defense industry. Same skill sets can be repurposed for transition from war economy to peace economy, and dirty economy to green economy
 Oh I literally do.
 Right. I forgot that part!
 That is not Eisenhower’s inaugural parade.
Left wing establishment elitism is no less dangerous than Right wing establishment elitism because it undermines the energy needed to create real change. The wisdom of the American people is the only safe repository for power. Claim it; don’t give it away. 
This is correct. 
My interview with Kate Bolduan last night on CNN 
For those interested in my candidacy, who I am and what I stand for, this is a good introduction. 
Watching army tanks being  hauled thru DC for Trump’s July 4 celebration is heartbreaking ; repugnant. Join me via livestream tomorrow for a true celebration of who we are and what we stand for.  
From mockery to momentum 
Deep bow to 
 No, I am not dismissive of mental illness. My 35-year career has displayed both empathy and a willingness to be of service.
 
This is more than a human rights crisis; it is criminal. When I am president, those responsible will be held accountable to the full extent of the law. 
 No, I’m sure you still get the thetan level - the campaign just doesn’t get the money!
IMPOANT NOTE: There appear to be a couple of fake GoFund me pages claiming to be raising money for Marianne Williamson for President. These are illegal and have nothing to do with the campaign. This is the only donation page: 
"If it's naive to want peace instead of war, let 'em make sure they say I'm naive. Because I want peace instead of war." - Ben Ferencz, the last surviving prosecutor at the Nuremberg trials. 
“Power without love is reckless and abusive, and love without power is sentimental and anemic.” - Martin Luther King Jr. 
 I did not say “Who cares about plans?”. I said “...as important as they are.” Here are my many policy positions: 
 Yes Williamson!!!!! That’s what I’ve been saying for years about health!! So gratifying it made it to one of those Monsanto-…
 Yeah we gotta fix that. But cynicism is just an excuse for not helping. We can’t just name it; we have to change it.
 That is a misinterpretation of my beliefs. I recognize there are mental illnesses such as bipolar disorder, schizophrenia etc that are chemical conditions for which psychotherapeutic drugs are beneficial and even life-saving. I am glad, and I respect, that you are helped by them.
 💃💖🇺🇸
The president will be doing his July 4 event in Washington DC with army tanks on the National Mall. I will be doing mine in Concord, New Hampshire, with a message that I assume will be quite different than his.… 
 Yes. And the worst part is that children then grow up not realizing it’s aberrant. Another reason why this nonsense needs to stop after one term.
I agree with everything except not betting on me to win the nomination. 
When I was a child, we saw pictures of military parades in the Soviet Union. We were told we don’t do that, that we’re proud of the fact that we don’t do that because we don’t wish to be a militarized society. Celebrating July 4 with army tanks on the National Mall is repugnant.
 And what does that mean, exactly? The Constitution says qualifications are 35 or older, born here, and to have lived here for 14 years. Nothing else. They were leaving it to every generation to determine for itself the skill set it feels is most needed to navigate their times.
My interview on Pod Save America... 
 The argument between Martin Luther King Jr. and Malcolm X was one in which I would’ve been with Martin.
 I have been a political and nonprofit activist since the 1990’s.
Where racism, bigotry, anti-Semitism, homophobia, Islamaphobia and xenophobia have become collectively politicized, we must collectively politicize decency, dignity, mercy, justice, compassion and love. This isn’t  philosophy; it’s strategy. 
The idea of love toward into a political force shouldn’t seem absurd, given that hatred turned into political force is wreaking havoc with the world even now. Gandhi and MLK Jr. spoke of love turned into a large scale social force for good; creating that force is our task today.
 And you realize this would be a good thing, right?
 Campaigns cost money?
 Absolutely.
 If only we had rank choice voting.
 SOMEONE should pay for it.
 Either works:)
I just saw that Pete Buttigieg raised over $24 Million this quarter. Please respond by sending $24 to me right now!  
My favorite so far. 
I figure I should post my Issues page a couple of times each day, to make sure you have them to refer to when someone’s says ... well...you know ... 
 Shocked.
The corporate/political elite represent a mindset that’s an  inadequate container for insights and energy necessary to navigate the times in which we live. 
 And don’t forget that we’re then deemed silly for mentioning it.
 I am not an anti-vaxxer, nor have I ever in my life told people not to go to the doctor, or told them that they could simply pray away their illness. Both are purposeful falsehoods about my work and my beliefs. Regarding policies, here are mine: 
Both of those things are a crime, and if your government does it, that doesn’t make it less of a crime.  These are state-sponsored crimes.Support my campaign for president so we can harness decency, dignity and love.  
Im in Nevada and New Hampshire this week. I hope to see you there... 
My experience of people in crisis is that we all have an ability to get very serious and intelligent when we need to. When the child is sick, the loved one is on drugs, the test results came back and it’s cancer,… 
 I would do that.
Weird  and funny day. 
 No, what is not funny is how some people seek to misrepresent my views. I am not anti-vaccine, I am not anti-science, I am not anti-medicine, and I have never argued against anyone getting the help that they need, pharmaceutical or otherwise, during postpartum depression.
“After today, she’s really a serious contender in our eyes.” 
The way pathology works in a group is no different than the way it works in a person. It doesn’t emerge from the conscious mind and sometimes the conscious mind doesn’t even see it. Whole groups of people… 
 It’s a standard image in fairy tales, yes!
“She’s bringing the language of self-assessment to the town square.” 
“She totally brought it” 
 Inaccurate assessment.
“So how was the debate for you, Ms Williamson?” 
There have been many of my old tweets floating around that are very funny to read now. But in the last few hours I have seen a couple purporting to be mine that were filled with violence and so forth. Absolutely NOT mine!! Clearly the “messing with the election” stuff has begun.
 No!!!
 Not only is it NOT a real Marianne Williamson tweet; it is particularly distressing because it is made to look as though it is.
 
Political/Media/Industrial complex would tell us which issues we’re “supposed” to discuss. It’s Stepford Politics, where everyone is supposed to just toe the line. No discussing millions of traumatized children, real race issues or the military industrial complex, ya’ll hear now?
 Yes. And which one of us at the debates referred to that...?
 Please watch again. You’re taking my words out of context. I said regarding plans: “as important as they are.” And I had my issues section on my campaign site before any other candidate. If you care to look at it, you will see that I have an extensive set of policy positions.
 No I am not.
Loving it in Iowa... 
 Thanks for clarifying.
 Is a Jewish woman telling another Jewish woman when she can and cannot quote the Talmud...?
For those who might think I want fairy dust to replace public policy, here is the Issues page from my campaign site. Please peruse for any signs of extra-terrestrial influence: 
 Nope. It was shut down onstage during the debate and ignored afterward. But we’ll get there...
 It means that where he has harnessed bigotry, racism, anti-Semitism, homophobia, xenophobia and turned them into a political force, we can harness dignity, decency, compassion, love and mercy and turn them into a political force.
 As much fun as I've had laughing at all the understandable hilarious tweets about me today, the mic issue is not funny and yes it did happen. I tried a couple of times to jump in and my mic was not on. Particularly wanted in on the subject of race.
 Yeah.
Thanks to for being genuinely sisterly, suggesting during the debate last night that I be given the chance to speak.
 What's an infinity gauntlet?
I actually don't loathe plans. 
 Pls retweet and follow!    results: wins huge with 20%. ;
The 50th anniversary of the Stonewall rebellion is a time for all of us to reflect on the struggles of the LGBT+ community, as certain of its members are still denied full rights and opportunities. “Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.”-MLK Jr. 
Love it...
 Uh...so not what I did.
 I absolutely did not do that. Ever. Nor am I an anti-vaxxer.
 'If you forcibly take a child from their parents' arms, you are kidnapping them ... These are state-sponsored crimes.' —

It was the best of nights, it was the worst of nights:) 

I’m on my way back now from a visit to the Homestead detention center. We stood on ladders in order to see over the fence and look at children who are detained here. What I saw on the side of this fence is as… 

Marianne Williamson gains attention during heated Democratic debate with unique performance - ABC News -  via 
Millions of American children live in chronic trauma and we should be rescuing them no differently than if they were victims of a natural disaster.Millions go to school every day hungry, in schools that don’t even have adequate school supplies to teach a child to read. 

We are going to turn from a dirty economy to a clean economy, we’re going to have a Green New Deal. We’re going to create millions of jobs. We’re going to do this within the next twelve years because I’m not interested in just winning the next election.  
 Marianne Williamson did not speak for the first 27 minutes of  But when she finally did, everything she said was…
I have had a career harnessing the inspiration and the motivation and the excitement of people - masses of people.  
 has said that she wants New Zealand to be the country that is the best country in the world for a child to grow up.  And I want to call her and say girlfriend you are on because I want the United States to be that too."  
 "Mr. President, if you're listening, I want you to hear me, please. You have harnessed fear for political purposes and only…
Thanks to you I was on stage tonight. Help qualify me for the next debates ; join me in a great revolution of consciousness, by which we achieve historic changes and make the world a better place.   
And that gets back into not just Big Pharma, not just health insurance companies, it has to do with chemical policies, it has to do with environmental policies, it has to do with food policies, it has to do with drug policies..  
So I, sir, I have a feeling you know what you’re doing. I’m going to harness love for political purposes, I will meet you on that field, and sir, love will win.  
This man has reached into the psyche of the American people and he has harnessed fear for political purposes. So, Mr. President, if you’re listening, I want you to hear me please. You have harnessed fear for political purposes and only love can cast that out. 
I have an idea about Donald Trump. Donald Trump is not going to be beaten just by insider politics talk. He is not going to be beaten just by somebody who has plans. He is going to be beaten by somebody who has an idea of what this man has done. 
We just wait ‘til somebody gets sick and then we talk about who’s going to pay for the treatment and how they’re going to be treated. What we need to talk about is why so many Americans have unnecessary chronic illnesses, so many more compared to other countries. 
If you think we’re going to beat Donald Trump by just having all these plans, you’ve got another thing coming.  
Decades of failed United States intervention in Latin America from Guatemala to Honduras and more has created the conditions that spur migrants to come to our border. If we don’t deal with the root causes we can’t expect the pressure on our southern border to change. 
And the Democratic Party should be on the side of reparations for slavery for this very reason. I do not believe that the average American is a racist, but the average American is woefully under-educated about the history of race in the United States.  
Child advocacy is not being addressed with the attention and care it deserves. Sign our petition now to stand for our future. 
All of these issues are extremely important, but they are specifics, they are symptoms. And the underlying cause has to do with deep, deep, deep realms of racial injustice. Both in our criminal justice system and in our economic system.  
We need reparations. We have not yet done all that it is morally incumbent upon us to do in order to heal the ugly wound of slavery.
And what President Trump has done is not only attack these children, not only demonize these immigrants, he is attacking a basic principle of America’s moral core. We open our hearts to the stranger.  
I propose a $200-$500 billion plan of reparations, with the money to be disbursed by a council of esteemed African American leaders over a period of twenty years. 
Both of those things are a crime, and if your government does it, that doesn’t make it less of a crime.  These are state-sponsored crimes.  
 Marianne Williamson nailed it when drew the connection between health policy and environmental policies. Our issues are co…
If you forcibly take a child from their parents’ arms, you are kidnapping them. And if you take a lot of children and put them in a detainment center, thus inflicting chronic trauma upon them, that’s called child abuse.  This is collective child abuse.  
We don’t have a health care system in the United States, we have a sickness care system.  
“She’s bringing the language of self-assessment to the town square.” 
This weekend after the debates we head to Iowa! Go to  to find events near you   
The only thing that can defeat a big lie is a  Tonight I’ll be hitting the debate stage, sharing big truths with America. I want to hear what is important to you. Join me sharing your big truth! Tag us and we will share some of your responses: 
I look forward to sharing  tonight at the  Send me on to the big stage with momentum! Chip in to help us hit our debate night goal of $50,000: 
The Supreme Court has ruled to allow partisan  gerrymandering to continue. The corporatist agenda has never been more obvious, more clear or more nefarious. 
The demonization of immigrants is a common technique of demagogues. But it is those who oppress the immigrant - not immigrants themselves - that pose a threat to who we are. 
I'll be visiting Homestead tomorrow morning, thinking about my grandparents who came here escaping oppression over 100 years ago. America's openness to the plight of the immigrant is core to our value system, without which as a nation we're on a perilous course to chaos.
More excited than ever to be on the debate stage tomorrow night.   
I need to learn Spanish by tomorrow night at 9.
Thanks to for my interview:    
I ask you to join me in establishing a U.S. Department of Peace. We need a U.S. Department of Peace to pursue a strategic, scientific approach to reduce violence and cultivate the conditions of peace.  
Miami time! Wishing all of the candidates best wishes for the debates tonight and tomorrow.
Many who joined our campaign to establish a U.S. Department of Peace also received this sticker. We want to see where you're displaying it! Please take a photo of it and upload to social media and tag    
Connect with your community and gather together to watch our debate tomorrow, June 27th. Visit  to organize a party or join one. 
Make your voice heard!! Tell the EPA to ban the herbicide glysophate, the main ingredient in Roundup. It is a dangerous carcinogenic. Good for Monsanto’s profits but bad for our bodies and our planet. 
Loved talking to the guys at Chapo Trap House... 
The power of our networks is crucial at this time. Gather your friends and family to watch the upcoming Democratic Debates in Miami and support us this Thursday night. Thank you in advance! 
The United States is the only country in the world that has not ratified the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child. As president, I will make sure we do. 
"We are a nation of immigrants, and we will always be a nation of immigrants. We need to re-examine our immigration policies to provide care and respect for those who come here." 
“Climate change is the greatest moral challenge of our generation.” 
We’re in Miami for the debates this week! Can you help me reach 130k donors to qualify for the next debate? 
 Actually, yes it did.
Love IS the answer, and that is as relevant to public policy as to personal behavior. 
 It’s OK to abuse children in the name of saving them from abuse by others? Many of these children traveled with their parents or other relatives. They have loving relatives waiting for them who are willing to take them.
 May I ask where you get your 30% statistic?
 Seeking asylum is not a crime; it is a statutory right.
 I think that’s what all of us are trying to do.
It will take more than rational analysis or intellectual argument, traditional political strategizing or fundraising to defeat this president. He has harnessed people’s fear and the only thing that can override that is someone who can inspire their love. marianne2020.con
As president, I will take a stand: for traumatized children, economic justice for the 40% of Americans living with chronic economic anxiety, reparations for slavery, our health ; the health of our planet, ; waging peace. Stand with me and we can do this. 
When the purveyors of oppression are collectivizing and politicizing fear, the purveyors of freedom must collectivize and politicize love. No less radical is the problem and no less radical is the solution. When fear expresses itself, love must respond.  
The larger story is not what the Trump administration is doing at the border; the larger, even more worrisome story is how many Americans are willing to rationalize it. Those of us who love, who believe this country must lead with conscience, must arise and create political force
Americans are very good with a to-do list. We want someone to tell us what to do to make things right ; we will. But this is not such a time as that. This is a moment when we must feel the horror of certain things ; process the pain; then ; only then will we each know what to do.
 Am I wearing violet cut velvet? A turban with rhinestones on it? Is my aura green? Does a unicorn arrive to take me to the capitol for lunch?:)
 ...the way it treats ANYONE'S children.
 I didn't say they were! But I have said, and I will say again, that the mass raids and deportations were indeed Nazi tactics. And the fact that the detention centers are not concentration camps does not make their conditions morally acceptable. They are a human rights violation.
 I will be there on Friday.
 I guess that would be true, if I had said it. But I did not.
Hundreds if not thousands of books have been written about how Hitler came to power. It wasn't any one thing, really; it was many things that accumulated over time. People willing to look away over here, willing to rationalize evil over there. Dear God, let that not be our story.
Forcibly or manipulatively removing a child from their parents' arms = kidnapping. Holding numerous children in traumatizing, inadequate conditions = collective child abuse. Both this things are crimes; state sponsored crime is still crime. And yes it is happening in America.
 Absolutely Congresswoman, I will be going there on Friday morning with immigration activist Joshua Rubin. I will DM you the details.
A Williamson administration's foreign policy will be guided more by soul force than brute force, waging peace and not simply preparing for war. 

Invite your friends and family, and keep the real conversations going when the cameras are off. Sign up to host here.  
Important debates don’t just happen on a big stage. Gather your community together and sign up to host a debate watch party on Thursday, June 27th.
 Absolutely.
 I know that that is the propaganda, in order to distract the American people from what is going on. There were policies on the part of the Obama administration, including on immigration, with which I did not agree and I said so at the time. But nothing like this.
 This is not what was going on during the Obama administration. You can say it but you cannot make it true
We’re perpetrating a huge human rights abuse against children at the border. This is our country; we cannot farm out our conscience on this or on any other issue. Look at it, feel it, then call your representatives to demand action to stop this horror. 
 Yes!
 You have me confused with someone else. I did not call them concentration camps. However, no they cannot just walk out tomorrow and go home if they wish.
 What I'm talking about are the arrests themselves, Alana. And most of those people DO NOT HAVE criminal records! No, this isn't an insult to those who died in the Holocaust. In fact, it's a moral responsibility of those who came after them to speak up when such things occur.
 I am a Jew; the last thing in the world I am is a Holocaust denier. And no, not everyone in the detention centers is free to go back. In any case, I never said anything about the centers. My horror is regarding mass raids and arrests, which is a horror I'd expect you to share.
 2016 Primary: Bernie Sanders. General: Hillary Clinton.
Name your candidate! 
 As a Jew, I was taught all my life to say the phrase “Never again.” And the phrase was never supposed to mean only “Never again to us.” To complain about mass arrests is not an insult to a Jew: it is the moral responsibility of a Jew. 
“We should see large groups of desperate people as a national security risk.” 
 Yes, I did say that but I regret it. I should not have. I misspoke.
 No, but you misinterpret. I worked with many people who had AIDS, none of whom I EVER advised to turn away from medical treatment and all of whom I advised to include spiritual practice in their healing. Integrative healing is not a fringe notion.
 Question: did you ever actually attend my talks? It sounds as though you didn't. "You just "discerned fraud"....?
 Yes, I support vaccines. I also support a far more rigorous process of regulating Big Pharma.
 Uh...I'm running for president...? There is a saying "contempt prior to investigation," and for whatever reason there have always been those who project onto me what they assume (or perhaps wish) I've said rather than checking out what I actually did say.
 Thank you, Senator. I appreciate that.
 I am planning to visit Homestead, Florida, as well as El Paso. Absolutely.
 No, actually.
 Responding to an article
 You've been led wrong then. I have a decades long career that proves otherwise, and there are thousands who've received anything but such counseling from me.
 Many thanks. I guess the "First they ignore you..." phase is over:)
 Falsely claimed? How is that?
If you ever read an article saying that I told people with AIDS they didn't have to take their medicine because positive thinking would cure it; or that I ever told people who got sick that negative thinking caused it; please know both those things are complete and utter lies.
In many states, I unfortunately encounter areas where environmental contaminants have caused dangerous, even deadly toxins in water, ground, and food. As president, I will place the highest priority on stopping this criminal violation of our rights. 
Women and power... 
Following my interview on , called for me to drop out of the race. Here's my campaign's response: 
In South Carolina this weekend to share my message of  Find an event near you:  
“That IS what they did in Nazi Germany.”
“Climate change is the greatest moral challenge of our generation.” 
Debate night is almost here, and I am ready to speak  on stage. Make the most of it by hosting a debate watch party for your friends and family! Sign up here:  
The immigrant brings at least as much to this country as this country brings to the immigrant. 
 Noooooo
Meghan McCain said twice today on The View that I should drop out of the race. If you disagree, please express yourself with your dollars. The energy of “Who let YOU in?!” should be challenged. Thanks 
 You think this is the way to sell books? And given that several of the other candidates have written books, are you saying that about them as well? If this is a book tour, I assure you it is a very difficult one. There are much better and easier ways to sell books.
 Nope. Not me.
 I never, ever said or wrote such a thing.
 I said those who are skeptical of the cozy relationship between Big Pharma and the CDC/ FDA are not wrong; that the era of blind faith in Big Pharma ; govt agencies always protecting our health ; well-being is over. That does not make a person anti-science or even anti-vaccine.
 Not an anti-vaxer, and I ran once. 
Some people care about their club more than they care about their cause. 
Today is  Human displacement has doubled in the past 20 years. As a nation, we should show empathy for those who have fled their homes fleeing violence and persecution, including those internally displaced. 
I will be on   Velshi and Ruhle on MSNBC in the next hour.
I’ll be appearing on today! Tune in at 11am ET-12pm CT/PT, 10am MT (except for Casper and Cheyenne, which both air at 9am MT), and Hawaii at 9am (local time)! 
 

 No, I am not “bragging.”
 I spoke about my views on the Bill Maher show in 2015 and I feel the same way now. 
Much has been said tonight about my view regarding vaccines. I spoke about it on Bill Maher in 2015 and I feel the same way now. 
This Juneteenth, let’s remember yes, we ended slavery. Yes, we passed Civil Rights legislation and yes, we passed the Voting Rights Act. But we have not yet fully done all that it is morally incumbent upon us to do in order to heal this ugly wound.   
This country can’t have the future that we want unless we’re willing to clean up the past. 
I propose reparations as opposed to simply “race-based policies” because they carry with them an inherent mea culpa. They are an inherent acknowledgment of a wrong that has been done, of a debt that is owed, and a willingness to pay it.
Want to attend the debates as a guest of the Marianne Williamson campaign? Donate any amount to my campaign today, and you will be automatically entered to win two tickets to attend the debate in Miami next week. 
Yesterday I gave a speech at Southern New Hampshire University’s World Affairs Council.  It was my first foreign policy speech of the campaign and here it is: 
I’ll be appearing on The View this Thursday!
“We need wrap around services. We need trauma informed education. We are also the only advanced industrial that makes property taxes the primary source of our funding. Every school in the nation should be a palace of learning and culture and the arts.” 
I was in Los Angeles this past weekend at “What has happened in our country is that we have reverted to an aristocratic situation and it is time to repudiate it again.” 
 Does that mean that since the Challenger exploded we should end all space travel?
"I think that the sobriety of a president should be reflected in a presidential candidacy, that you think deeply before you open your mouth." 
 I so wish I could disagree.
 And what’s cool is how amazing it is, don’t you think?
 Actually, I’m a seasoned professional. And the presidency is less about leading a bureaucracy at this point and more about leading a people. Why me? Among other things, because I believe that I could win.
 Exactly. No one is undocumented in God’s eyes.
Trump’s planned mass arrests of undocumented immigrants, planned for next week and announced as though something to be proud of, is a cruel manifestation of governmental heartlessness. Speak up. Protest. This must not go unanswered. 
Another one of those "What really surprised me was Marianne Williamson" moments.  
 Yes I do. This has nothing to do with whitewashing what their regime is about, in any way, shape or form. But that doesn't make our acting irresponsibly towards them any better an idea.
 Of course they are doing the things you're saying, but in this instance our foreign policy towards them is reckless and irresponsible. What I have said is not in contradiction to your middle sentence.
Honored to have spoken at Reverend Dr. William Barber's Poor People's Campaign Moral Budget Forum today. "We need a moral, political and economic revolution in America."  
 I absolutely never would have said any such thing. And there are thousands of people who I knew well at the time, who I worked with at the time, who would confirm that.
The president is saber rattling towards Iran today, sending 1,000 troops to the Middle East. We ourselves are the bullies here, and this is nothing more than the insanity of the military industrial complex. Don’t buy it. 
 In case you wish to see what I actually say: 
Our campaign is growing and we would love to meet you in person. Please come out and join us at one of these free public events! RSVP here:  
I will be in Andover, Manchester, Merrimack, and Windham, New Hampshire this week, June 18-19, sharing my vision of a moral, spiritual and political awakening in America.

Our primary economic indicators measure products but don’t measure us. Our view of economics is an idolatrous way of thinking that bows to economic values but not to human ones. Taking care of people creates money more than creating money takes care of people. 
The principles in the Declaration of Independence are America’s mission statement, and our biggest problem is that we’ve lost our psychological ; emotional connection to them. That makes  us easy to distract, easy to play, easy to fool. 
 Good. Tell me what you think
Thank you to for having me on to discuss my vision for our nation. 
 On the site at the store
 Thank you! 
An amoral economic philosophy has embedded itself not only in our financial institutions but also within our national psyche. It has corrupted our government and hijacked our value system. In order to survive, it… 
 
Not one DACA recipient should have to worry, not even for a minute, about their immigration status. Their situation is exactly the kind of mean-spiritedness that needs to end, and having the opportunity as president to provide them with a path to citizenship will be my pleasure
 Hey Asherah! I either misread your quote or I wrote to the wrong person. I’m so sorry!!!
We are pumped to have watch parties all across the country where supporters are taking action. You can take action too! Share this livestream, text TRUTH to 484848, and please donate if you haven’t:   
Join us at  for "Marianne Meetups: Big Truths and Grassroots at 6 pm ET/3pm PT where I will discuss my vision for 2020 and how our supporters can get involved. 
Donald Trump did not come out of nowhere. His agenda is like an opportunistic infection that only got hold of us because of a societally weakened immune system. And nothing is weaker than thinking that the system that produced him is somehow the system that will get rid of him.
There’s a festering sea of suffering humanity in America, both immoral ; unnecessary. While 1%  are well served by our govt, the vast majority are but serfs to a New American Aristocracy. We must more than lessen the pain of the serfs; we must dissolve the aristocracy. 
Hope you can join us today at 6pm ET/3pm PT at an event in your area! 
 No one who has read my policy positions thinks anything even close to that. Here they are, if you are interested. And as a Jew I am deeply aware that we didn’t Hitler with unicorns and crystals. 
On PBS “To the Contrary” 
 Not a valley girl. Did not have hippie parents. And the alternative to love and peace winning in the end, is nuclear or environmental catastrophe. I prefer that love win.
 Feel free to write me at mariann
 
 💗🙏🏻
We all worked so hard to get into the game. Please donate generously so we can play it really well. 
 1) No mention of crystals or New Age in my books2) Hilarious that you think people who have taken hundreds of thousands of dollars in corporate donations are “serious candidates” who can fight off corporate greed.3) You just can’t stand that they “let in the riffraff” can ya?
Now is the time to activate our networks and welcome new people into our movement. Join us tomorrow at 6pm ET/3pm PT at an event in your area!  

 
I’m totally excited at the DNC’s announcement that I will be appearing on the second night of the Democratic debate, June 27. This is a powerful ritual of democracy and I can’t wait to be part of it. 
Join me tomorrow at 6pm ET/3pm PT at an event in your area ; RSVP to find a meetup in your area! We look forward to seeing you.  
During this crucial time, meeting face to face with your community and connecting around the truths in my message is incredibly important. Join me tomorrow at 6pm ET/3pm PT at an event in your area ; RSVP to find a meetup near you!  
 
“People care about your policies, but they also care about your consciousness.” 
Q: “How do you heal the soul of a nation?” A: “You stop doing soulless things.” 
“The higher Truth lifts her voice, the louder error screams until its inarticulate voice is forever silenced in oblivion.” - Mary Baker Eddy
 What’s silly is to think anyone who’s received many hundreds of thousands of dollars from oil, chemical, securities ; investment companies ; big Pharma is going to DC to fight corporate greed. 
Please join our National Volunteer ; Host Call TONIGHT at 8:30 PM ET / 5:30 PM PT:  
"We have millions of American children that we’re not taking care of. I’m talking about the fact even though we are talking and we need to be talking about our health care system, the truth is it’s more of a sickness care system." 
"I'm not just talking about what we need to do, I'm talking about who we need to be." 
“Malnutrition is a factor in 45 percent of deaths of children under 5 worldwide, yet gets less than 1 percent of foreign aid.” 
 Are we ready for a conscious leader?Check out my exclusive interview with for on…
“He will eat a half-truth teller alive.” 
A couple of my CNN interviews from this last week... 
Learn about my 4-Step Plan for the economy. 
Can you host a meetup for Marianne on Saturday, June 15th at 6pm ET/3pm PT? Now is the time to activate our networks ; welcome new people into the movement. We'll give you everything you need to help others connect to Marianne's message. 
 We need to do it, and we need to do it massively and quickly.
Hope you can join me in Nevada! 
There won’t be a new politics until first there’s a new conversation. Support its emergence so we can change the game in time. 
Our leaders think it’s OK to normalize despair of millions of suffering children, tolerate systemic layers of racism in our criminal justice system, allow dangerous carcinogens in our food ; water, ; perpetuate the hoax of a war machine while calling it national security. I don’t
 I don’t know. I see people with supposedly high EQ/IQ fall in line attitudinally just like everyone else when it comes to whether or not we can change politics.
There is old-think ; there is new-think. Old-think sees the world as a big machine ; what you have to do to change it is tinker with its moving parts. New-thinks sees the world as a living expression of group consciousness ; what you have to do to change it is think differently.
 They didn’t go because they were voting against extending the money, and they didn’t want the embarrassment of having to face all the first responders who were there.
  is the 1st presidential candidate to support the  Pledge which includes  
If anyone needs proof of the cravenness of our political system,  go no further than the absence of Congressional committee members at today’s hearing for 9/11 heroes or their failure to extend funding for their health care. So much for “We’ll never forget you.” They musta forgot
Humanity is heading into one of two eras: either an age of great darkness or an age of great light. Should we choose fear to guide us, we will see darkness; should we choose love to guide us, then we will see light. One is war and one is peace; one is death and one is life.
What I dislike most about Congressional Repubs going along with Trump even when they   know better, doing so out of fear that otherwise they might lose their seat, is that it implies they’re the only ones who ever had to face ethical  choices. What happened to honor? Or to spine?
Join me at my Townhall in Las Vegas on Wednesday, June 12. 
 Yep.
The prohibition against marijuana has been as ill-conceived and ultimately harmful as was the prohibition against alcohol. Now it’s time for it to end. 
The biggest shift needed in the 21st century is in our attitudes towards children. To an obsolete economic system, children are basically invisible because they are not yet workers. As president, I will make the health, well-being ; education of the American child my  priority.
 Undoubtedly. But a happier, more fulfilled person labors at a higher level. Right now, our system keeps people only as fulfilled as necessary to keep them producing cheap labor.
 We need to return to our original mission statement: that God gave all of us inalienable rights of life, liberty ; the pursuit of happiness, and governments are instituted to secure those rights. That’s it in a nutshell. When we align ourselves with that, we’re on the right track
 Woa. That is so dark...
We essentially live under a system of economic tyranny, in which forces run by corporate overlords dominate the behavior of our government, the organization of our society ; the rules of engagement under which most of us are forced to operate. We can see this and we can change it
As the 21st-century unfolds, it’s time to completely debunk economic theories left over from the 19th ; 20th. Value does not derive from labor; it derives from self-actualization. Everything we do to help people express themselves at a higher level puts value into the economy.
"This is a government of the people and by the people and for the people. It's time for our generation to rise up now and say, you know that part? We mean that." 
Thank you to and for having me on! 
Join me in Las Vegas today! RSVP here:  

Ran into Cenk Uygur in Iowa this weekend. Happy to have signed his progressive pledge 
Talking 2020 with Ari Melber on MSNBC 
"Anybody who thinks that our military budget is based only on military considerations is fooling themselves. It is based at least as much on short-term profit maximization for defense contractors." 
“Radical truth-telling inspires the heart” 

 Indeed I have done a CNN Town Hall. As for the others, it’s not like you just call news outlets and tell them you want to come on and so they let you:) But I have done quite a few. Please look at 
 Thank you so much, Margie.
 Yes, and I do. And no, no other president has spent over $100 million on personal golf vacations halfway through his term - or anything even close to it.
 Nope, I never said that.
While teachers are underpaid, millions of our children are undereducated and 41 million Americans go hungry, our commander-in-chief has already spent over $100 million in taxpayer money on golf outings. 
I have so much admiration for Sybrina Fulton, Trayvon Martin’s mother, who is now running for office in Florida. A deep bow before the personal strength it takes to transform a tragedy like that into inspired action. 
I return to Los Angeles on Sun, 6/16, for two talks at The Agape Int Spiritual Center, at 9 ; 11:30AM PT. Services at The Saban Theatre, 8440 Wilshire Blvd., and are livestreamed at  . Signing books after each service. Looking forward to being back in LA! 
 Thank you!
 Thank you very much. I’m honored and really grateful.
 It wasn’t a tactic. My lease was up in New York and NYC is sort of off the beaten track when you’re in a presidential campaign. Iowa is central to the process and Des Moines is lovely. During the campaign, though, you’re basically living out of a suitcase.
 I reject the premise that only those whose careers have been entrenched in the political system that drove us into this mess are qualified to get us out of it.
 Thank you for asking. Donate! 
 I was married three or four times? Really? What, was I sleeping at the time and I just didn’t know?
 You and I have different ideas of what makes a candidate serious and credible. People claiming to be warriors against corporate corruption who themselves have taken hundreds of thousands of dollars in corporate donations – to me, they are the ones neither serious nor credible.
 I’m for I’mbanking on her rising after the debates which she will own!  
Winning the presidency in 2020 
"Our country has transitioned from a democracy to a veiled aristocracy." 
If you haven’t signed up on my mailing list, please do! 
 Your characterization of my life is an odd take on who I am, where I have been, and what I’ve experienced. My plan for reparations is not a vision board, but the way. 
 Huh??
Border security and immigration reform are challenges that we must meet with compassion. If we continue to compromise on our values of liberty and justice for all, we will do so at our peril. 
“See the job. Do the job. Stay out of the misery.” - Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
The cost of naturalization must also be reduced and resources increased to help people navigate that process more easily and humanely. 
They came here through no fault of their own, and many are, in fact, unaware that they are undocumented. DREAMERS, who are covered under DACA, have lived in America most of their lives and deserve our support.
Children brought into the United States by their parents should not be punished. We will prioritize working to expand protections and naturalization to all undocumented immigrants who were brought here as children, regardless of their current age.
 Lol I knew somebody was gonna say that! Game on!!
No matter what you do, where you are or who you’re with, devote yourself to the energy needed for America to rise this election season. Your country needs you. Whomever you’re supporting, support them with all the energy you’ve got. This is not a drill. 
As Americans and others in free societies celebrate LGBTQ+ pride this weekend, let’s remember LGBTQ+ people in repressive societies who live at the mercy of hate and even state-sponsored violence against them. Some even might be reading this. May they know they are not forgotten.
Why is pride important? Because shame is an act of emotional violence. We should more than tolerate our differences; we should celebrate our differences, and see the richness of our diversity as the source of our collective strength.
Those on the contemporary spiritual journey are like a sleeping giant, lulled in the last few years into a dysfunctional slumber of political disengagement. But that was then and this is now. If that giant awakens, the power will be staggering.
Whether it’s prejudice against LGBTQ+, blacks, Jews, Muslims or anyone else, it’s all the same spiritual malfunction active in the world: deep fear ; exclusion of the other. The only antidote? Deep love ; inclusion active in the world. Everywhere. All the time. Now.
Can you commit to host a meetup for our campaign in your area? We'll give you everything you need to get started. Let us know that you can host, and get ready for some big truths!
On Saturday, June 15th, at 3PM I'll be livestreaming from a meetup in Las Vegas. Now is an important time to activate our networks and gather people together.
 Simply not true.
“The biggest thing that separates my candidacy from that of the traditional candidates is several million dollars.” Please give generously so our megaphone can compete: 
The DNC should be helping all the candidates to get our word out to the voters, not just its handpicked choices. We shouldn’t have to fight our way in. Yang and I got into the debates; now let’s help Gravel. 
Best way to affect the horizontal is to go directly into the vertical. Meditate on a better world, visualize a repaired earth, pray for peace - then go kick ass  to make it happen. Inner ; outer work both needed. Either without the other is inadequate to the demands of the time.
 By electing a president.
If you have a clue as to what changes one life, then you're the one with wisdom as to what would change the world.
When people start to realize that the same principles that transform one life will transform the world, things will change in a minute. Those on the spiritual path should be the last people sitting out the big questions of society; we should be the biggest grown-ups in the room.
People in the transformational field, higher consciousness, religion and spirituality, health and wellness, yoga, AA, therapy -- have so much power. We are such great numbers. But we're not in the habit of expressing ourselves in political terms and that is tragic for the world.
 lol Thanks. I needed that!
 By supporting candidates who are having the higher conversation.
Politics is our collective behavior and its consequences. It's too important, too powerful, for us to be able to just roll our eyes and chronically disengage. Politics is the ego's playground unlike any other, but we must go in there and we must penetrate the field. 
Education has become whole-person. Management has become whole-person. Medicine has become whole-person. Spirituality has become whole-person. Only in politics if you try to bring the conversation into a 21st C. holistic perspective, do they try to make you out to be a nutcase.
Politics in America now is the wrong conversation. It's a conduit for external issues only, when the human experience is so much more vast: it's our history, our story, our struggles, our souls. Only when politics becomes a conduit for greater depth will we genuinely transform.
“I don’t want to go to Washington and fight for you. I want to go to Washington and co-create with you.” 
The political status quo only knows how to perpetuate the political status quo. Looking to the political status quo to get us out of the ditch that they got us into is exactly the status quo thinking that got us here!
 2020 candidate has moved to Des Moines in a bid for the Iowa caucuses.“When you’re a presidential candidate, you’…
Join me in Iowa this week! 
I am honored to be in Des Moines, Iowa this weekend, Saturday, June 8th, at the Iowa State Capitol Speaking at PRIDE “Meet the Candidates” sharing my vision of a moral, spiritual and political awakening in America.   
From our willingness to give support to an immoral, genocidal war against Yemen to our sharing of technology that could be used for high precision bombs, all American should be wary of our  links to Saudi Arabia. 
Our greatest power to change the world lies in our power to rethink it. Consider these things possible: The earth repaired, humanity at peace, all beings allowed to thrive. Visualization of a new world precedes its coming; embrace a new vision ; then we can work back from there.
A walk in the park with RHQ 
 I understand what you’re saying. It’s a tough one and all of us have to go with what we believe is right.
 “Anybody who thinks that our military budget is based only on military considerations is fooling themselves. It is based at l…
 "What Democrats want is someone tough enough to beat Donald Trump," tells "Anyone who thinks it…
This  month and always, it is incumbent upon every American citizen to be hyper-vigilant regarding the protection of those rights for everyone.
Just as I took a stand for the LGBTQ+ community during the AIDS crisis, as president I will just as vigorously address the challenges that they face today.
In Los Angeles, I founded a meals-on-wheels program for homebound people living with HIV that today has served over 11 million meals. This month, Project Angel Food will celebrate its 30th Anniversary. 
I don’t want to get shallow for you, you get deep with me. This is the 21st century and we have very serious problems. We need to do this and we need to do it now. Join us:  
35 years ago I felt about institutionalized religion: “You guys aren’t the only ones with any good ideas about God.” Today I feel the same about institutionalized politics: “You guys aren’t the only ones with any good ideas about America.” Some paradigms simply need to be busted.
 Thank you
75 years ago today, my parents’ generation proved what they were made of. The invasion of Normandy was literally and figuratively the line in the sand past which the Nazis would not be allowed to go. In honor of… 
 I can’t say my plan sets me apart. I cannot claim to have the technical expertise of someone like Jay Inslee. But I certainly have the passion ; commitment. I understand that it’s the greatest moral crisis of our generation ; that we have 12 years to act. 
 No, I mean uniting as in genuine community-building. I see a lot of that as well.
 That’s not what I’m saying at all.
We need an integrative politics, in which we realize that inner change ; outer change are both necessary if we’re to transform America. It’s not one or the other. We need to find deeper values and stand on them, in both our personal ; our public domains. 
 I didn’t say anything of the kind.
 I suppose in some ways yes but in other ways no. There’s a lot of disuniting going on now, but a lot of uniting as well. The plates are shifting beneath our feet.
 For some it’s a biological family, for some it’s cultural or ethnic or professional or creative. Some positive sense of belonging to a unit that is larger than just oneself.
 I would put that under disconnection from nature, actually. Our biological nature.
 I don’t think it detracts. I just think  both are important.
“Regarding the government separating children from their parents at the border: last time I heard, kidnapping is a crime.” My interview on WBUR Boston 
 Yep...
 If you think that list represents a lot of different flavors, then your political taste buds have perhaps been dulled.
 That is absolutely untrue! In the words of John F Kennedy, “Those who make peaceful  revolution impossible make violent revolution inevitable.”
Too many Americans have lost our sense of rambunctiousness; we’re more willing to rebel against an added fee on our cable bill than against the corporatization of our democracy. But the only defense against tyranny is a healthy sense of rebellion when the tyrants are at the door.
I hate having to tell you we need another 65,000 unique donors before August 28 in order to make it into the 3rd debate. I hate having to tell you how hard the system makes it for democracy to work, but that’s the point ; it’s why am running. Let’s DO it. 
With the same expertise, skills ; work force we have now, America can move from a fossil fuel economy to a green economy ; from a war economy to a peace economy. It will happen - if and when the people rise up and say so! The political status quo cannot ; will not make it happen.
Watch my complete interview with on 
I do have a real visceral sense of how bad public policy affects people's lives and which bad policy affects people's lives but also a deep passion for what needs to change. I think that's what it's all about. It's about human suffering, how to address it ; how to ameliorate it.
If we do not wage peace, we will always be at war. Our current national security agenda reflects short-term profit maximization for defense contractors more than it reflects a proactive peacebuilding agenda. Only we the people can stop that. 
 A society that does not revere its children is dooming its future. 
 Lol that’s true
 Integrative healthcare, integrative politics 
 Great! 
3) We need to have a political conversation much deeper than what we’re used to. We need to talk about more than how to defend ourselves through endless preparations for war; we need to discuss how to create a more peaceful world.
2) We need to have a political conversation much deeper than what we’re used to. We need to do talk about more than how to pay for healthcare; we need to talk about how to create a healthy society.
1) We need to have a political conversation much deeper than what we’re used to. We need to talk about recusing millions of traumatized American children who will become a social tsunami coming out us if we do not address their despair.
Our healthcare system is more sickness care than healthcare system. To discuss real health care we need to discuss environmental, chemical, agricultural ; economic factors that contribute to so much sickness whenever corporate profits are placed before our health and well-being.
The Refugee Act of 1980 established seeking asylum here as a statutory right. America must remain a source of light, a haven for refugees fleeing humanitarian horrors.
As President, I would expand protections for LGBTQ immigrants and asylum seekers, who experience discrimination here, as well as in their countries of origin. 
It is not the first time someone has been viciously scapegoated in American custody. We must stand up.
Franklin Roosevelt said the only thing we had to fear was fear itself. The only thing we have to fear is our own cynicism, chronic distractedness and self-absorption. Minus those things, we have everything it takes to rise to the occasion and turn this ship around.
I’m back in Los Angeles on Sunday, June 16, speaking at The Agape International Spiritual Center at 9am ; 11:30am. My talk is about The Spirit of America. 8440 Wilshire Blvd. 
No American should ever be denied healthcare, denied a home, denied a job, or refused services because of who they are. There is much work left to do. 
As we celebrate  this month, let's also remember the serious discriminatory practices that still plague LGBTQ+ people.
You can’t just take medicine, you have to cultivate health. And you can’t just endlessly prepare for war, you have to cultivate peace. Peace isn’t the absence of war; war is the absence of peace. That’s why as president I would establish a United States Dept. of Peace. 
 I signed it 
Exactly 100 years ago today, United States Senate ratified the 19th amendment to the U.S. Constitution giving women the right to vote. If you haven’t seen the HBO special that came out years ago called “Iron Jawed… 
 
A few aristocrats feasting at a banquet table dropping crumbs on the floor for the common people to eat is not good economic policy. It’s a reversion to the same aristocratic paradigm we rejected in 1776 - and we need to reject it again. 
 When 40% of all Americans are having a hard time making daily costs and we passed a $2 trillion tax cut with $.83 of every dollar going to the richest people ; corporations - all of which will contribute to a $22T debt - no we do not have a great economy.
 
 Anyone who thinks we just need someone tough enough to beat Trump is naïve about the nature of this opponent.
Americans have been mentally trained to expect too little, no longer being led to do great things ; not even bothering to ask for them. We should ask for ; expect: that a dirty energy economy become a green economy ; a war economy become a peace economy. Only then will we be free
 Hey, Danny!
 Oh, okay. It's my experience nonetheless.
I’ve never gone down in my life that when I came back up, I haven’t been higher than I was before I went down. And that will be true for America too. We will get through this difficult period, and we will be a better country for having gone through it.
 I'd love to be on your podcast, Jason. I've always loved listening to you and I'm glad you see you're back in the game.
Thanks to for the feature in laying out where I stand on the issues.
 Given there are millions of traumatized children living here in conditions as desperate as in any developing country, it’s fair to say we need a new and better consolidation of power on their behalf. We need more resources, attention and focus on all the factors you mention.
 The money is to be used for “projects of economic and educational renewal.” Beyond that stipulation, white America should not have a say in how the money is disbursed. If you owe people money, you don’t get to tell them how to spend it.
Nevada is the first state to have a female-majority state legislature, so it’s not surprising they just passed a law protecting a woman’s right to reproductive freedom. Hopefully others will follow suit, not only in protecting women but in electing women! 
America hides beneath its psychic underbelly millions of traumatized children. Yet the response of the political establishment is to simply normalize their despair. As president, I will establish a cabinet level US Department of Children and Youth. 
 We keep trying. They have not responded
Native American tribes lived on this continent for centuries before European settlers came here. America’s soul won’t be free until we make right our relationship with a people toward whom we committed genocide ; cultural annihilation. Read my policy here: 
The same psychological principles that prevail in the life of an individual prevail within the journey of a nation: You can’t have an abundant future unless you’re willing to clean up the past. That’s why we should pay reparations for slavery. 
 I would like to
State-sponsored violence against LGBT communities is prevalent in nations around the world. When I’m president, the US will reclaim its moral leadership and become vocal about this on the international stage. Anti-LGBTQ discrimination is an unacceptable human rights abuse.
 And people who agree with you need to send more donations so we can afford those ads!
Join me in Nashua, New Hampshire on Tuesday, June 4! 
 I am!
On I discuss the difference between moral outrage and anger, getting money out of politics, and why I want to establish a U.S. Department of Peace. Take a listen here:  
Every American deserves to live free from fear of discrimination, regardless of who they are and whom they love.  
 I wish😞
America can either behave responsibly toward our common good, or we can acquiesce to the economic tyranny of gun manufacturers too willing to put profits before the well-being of our citizens. We cannot do both. My statement on today’s horrific shooting: 
It was an honor to be interviewed on Pod Save America. 

As President, I would do everything possible, everything possible to shore up a women’s right to choose. I do think abortion is a moral issue, but it is a private moral issue and I don’t think the government should have anything to do with a woman’s decision of what to do. 
 No, that is not what I said! Here is the open letter I wrote to Hilary Clinton in 2014 
Foreign policy based on cowboy militarism is both reckless and dangerous. Our policies both domestic and international should display the deepest seriousness, sobriety, wisdom and love.
The influence of money on our politics is so extraordinary that for all intents and purposes our government behaves more like it’s supporting an aristocracy than a democracy. 
The military-industrial-complex is doing what it always does. It’s simply at it again. The question is, will we let them get away with it this time? Eisenhower warned us, we have not always listened, and it is urgent that we listen now.
Thank you you're an inspiration to many! "I knew that I wanted to write something that was concrete ; practical, the same way I got things from Malcolm X’s Autobiography or Return to Love from Marianne Williamson. These books shook me ; shaped me.”
If I am given the authority, I will use the full powers of the presidency to advocate for things women care about. Learn more here: 
As long as there is a dearth of women in positions of political power, this chronic tilting of American priorities toward short-term economic interests as opposed to humanitarian values is inevitable.
 I was just thinking that last night! Thank you. I got it.
Why I am running  
 They are not allowing me a speaking slot, unfortunately.
 And I totally understand the quandary. I sit within it myself.
 Nope. “Their” is the correct usage there.
Really rich when candidates talk about impeachment as though “This is about doing the right thing and politics should have nothing to do with it!” You do realize their even saying that has everything to do with politics, right?
 Exactly. Americans are very good when there’s a screaming emergency, but we often fall short regarding the silent emergencies that people experience day in and day out. Children don’t work, so they have no financial leverage with a political system so unduly influenced by money.
Join our national volunteer call for Marianne Williamson for President tonight! Learn how you can be part of the evolution... 
Millions of American children live in chronic trauma. We should rescue these children no differently than if they were victims of a natural disaster. 
The cost of violence in America is staggering. We need a strategic approach to waging peace. I’ve been campaigning for a U.S. Dept of Peace for 15 years, ; I need your support. Donate any amount and we’ll mail you a free sticker!   
We don’t have a real health care system in the US; we have a sickness care system. Only when we address all the toxins  emanating from our environmental, chemical, food, agricultural ; even economic policies will we have a true health care system. 
 Actually I was thinking somebody else:) But I love Andrew too...
 Are you sure...?
 Glad to! 
4) The political establishment isn’t going to wake up one day and decide to end the undue corporate influence upon which it financially feeds. The change will happen when we ourselves have had enough - and the people step in.
3) The political establishment didn’t wake up one day and decide to dismantle segregation. The Civil Rights movement began when the people stepped in.
2) The political establishment didn’t wake up one day and decide to give women the right to vote. The Suffragette movement began when the people stepped in.
1) The political establishment didn’t wake up one day and decide to abolish slavery. The Abolitionist movement began  when the people stepped in.
 Don’t.Let.Them.
 Listen to the interview please!
 Please see 
 That’s a legitimate point. But my career has been public for 35 years; in my books, seminars, nonprofit work and social and political activism I have expressed my political sentiments and values.
 While I think the president has committed impeachable offenses,  the political cost for beginning impeachment proceedings could be extremely high. It could prove to be a trap in 2020, and I am not  not yet prepared to say “Do it.”
We have allowed a mechanistic, primarily economic order that displays no respect for fragile bonds of human relationship to become the voice that dictates too much of our lives. A sociopathic system lacking both conscience ; remorse now orders our society. 
“Love makes us vulnerable, but in a way that makes us strong.” 
Money doesn’t come from a few aristocrats dropping crumbs from their table in the form of job creation. Money comes from people being able to live their dreams, actualize their God-given potential ; contribute to society. Give people the tools ; they will create their own wealth!
Anyone  says we “can’t afford” free tuition at public colleges/universities is denying the direct link between public education pre-K thru higher ed, ; greater economic development/job creation. Anything that stimulates creativity ; productivity  ultimately stimulates the economy
Govt used to fund public colleges at high levels: public colleges in the 70s, 80s, early 90s; pull back from govt has added to need of schools to increase tuition. We need to decide on our priority: Tax breaks for corporations or higher learning opportunities for our people?
Billions, perhaps trillions of dollars go unrealized in this country as a result of our failure to fully develop the brain power of every American child. Every dollar spent helping a child self-actualize is a dollar invested in America’s future greatness.
No company thrives that does not develop new products. If we really want an abundant economy 10 years from now, we should take better care of our 10-year-olds today.
Trickle down, corporatist economic theory proffered to us as good economic theory  is anything but that; it steals from the future by sucking profits from the present into the hands of a very few people.
The only way to beat big lies is with big truth.  
Americans have taken a turn over the last few years from mindless to mindful celebration of our holidays. On Memorial Day, we do not distract ourselves from the deeper meaning of the day but rather allow ourselves to… 
On this  please join me in mourning all lives lost in war. 
The blood of starving children in Yemen  is on the hands of every US official who chooses a $350B arms sale to Saudi Arabia over the value of their lives. 
Trump isn’t president just because of people who voted for him. He is president every bit as much because of people who did not vote. Worry less about people who do not agree with you ; more about people who do agree with you: they need to vote! Mass mobilization is key for 2020.
2) Wisdom doesn’t  come from outside us but from a place that’s deep within. And that’s what needs to change now. We must start listening to each other and listening to ourselves. Only then will we reclaim the world for the best of who we are. 
1) We’ve allowed economics to be determined by economists, war to be determined by politicians, relationship to the land to be determined by fossil fuel executives. ; our relationship to work to be determined by moguls. That is the problem: we have stopped listening to ourselves.
The cypress forest in the Pee Dee region of South Carolina is one of the most beautiful natural phenomena I have ever seen. Went there today on a tour of some of the rural areas hardest hit by the Hurricanes Matthew… 
 Very untrue.

 I have tremendous respect for Bernie Sanders. I have never criticized him and I am not criticizing him now. I have learned from him, as we all have. Nor have I ever said that I am criticizing all politicians. I have never said that and it is not how I feel.
 Politicians are not the only people with “practical experience.” It’s not like they’ve spent their lives doing really important things and everybody else has been just sitting around.
 Yes!
We’re headed to the debates on June 26-27 in Miami, Florida!We need to take our campaign infrastructure to a whole new level. And I need your help to do that.This is our campaign. And this is our time.Retweet and contribute today:  
 Exactly.
 Yep
This is exactly what’s wrong with America ; why nothing ever changes. With due respect, the Founders didn’t assign the Chuck Todds of the world to be a group of gatekeepers who get to tell the rest of us who’s “worthy” of being heard by the American people 
I will be on Reddit today at 11am ET! Join to ask me anything:  
 “Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.” - Martin Luther King Jr.
In a country dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal, all have the right to pursue happiness, ; it’s govt’s responsibility to secure those rights, We the People should not tolerate Trump’s active attacks against transgender protection. 
What things like this represent is not a covert corporate takeover of the US government. It is actually an overt corporate takeover of the US government. And only We the People can stop it. 
Interesting day...
We just hit 1% in our 3rd poll! I’m deeply grateful to the many people who expressed early support for my candidacy. Today we reached an important milestone and we can go full steam ahead from here. Please donate now to keep up the momentum:  
See you at the debates! 
 Perhaps it should be done all at once, and perhaps it should not be done all at once. I see both sides. But I certainly don’t think I’m any less pure than you simply because I can see the case for a couple of transitional moves.
 Do you want to explain that please?
 Exactly why I’m reading it! It makes me a fraud that you suggested it and I’m reading it...?
The Krassencast interview: Transforming crisis into opportunity... 
 Concept of Yin ; Yang IS a spiritual value. Eisenhower said the American mind at its best is both liberal ; conservative. There are high minded conservative values ; high minded progressive ones. I’m liberal myself but I recognize the validity of high minded conservative values.
 This is the article I am reading and rereading. I am certainly not on the take – no health insurance company is donating to my campaign, obviously! - but it’s a journey for me from here to there. I know where I want to get to is free healthcare for all.  
Putting corporate profits before wellbeing of people ; planet isn’t  just immoral; it’s bad economics, stealing from the future by sucking short term profits from the present. Political establishment created ; enabled this. Time for the people to step in. 
On a Department ofPeace, Iran, Venezuela and more ... 
This is precisely why we need a world class environmental scientist rather than an ex-chemical or ex-oil company lobbyist to head the EPA. Putting fossil fuel company profits before human health is insane, and people die because of it. 
 Yes! As a public option.
 This “healthy living guru” has been speaking to audiences and writing about massive income inequality, disaster crony capitalism and US wars of imperialism since the 1990s.
 I think violence against women IS a real issue! And the United States has the highest rate of violence against women of any advanced democracy. Women of color rank highest, and transgender women of color even higher. To me, that is as real as it gets.
2)  Let’s remember Muhlaysia Booker and Michelle Washington, take note of their lives and mourn their deaths. Most of all, let's commit ourselves - in their honor - to the creation of a world in which the love is so deep that such evil has no room to exist.
1) Attacks on transgender people have been rising, particularly against transgender women of color. At least 26 transgender people were killed in the United States last year, and this past weekend Muhlaysia Booker and Michelle Washington were killed less than 24 hours apart .
My next Citizen Campaign Call is Wednesday, May 22 at 5:30pm PT / 8:30pm ET. Click here to register and join me live:  
It’s time to disrupt patterns of violence, to address issues of peace-building here at home, and to once again be a moral leader of the Nations. Join me in support for building a U.S Department of Peace. 
 You are too!
We need to love our country enough to be clear-eyed about our mistakes but with an attitude of wanting to clear them up. We can atone, make amends, and do better in the future. Cynicism is just an excuse for not helping.
 We never fully embodied our higher aspirational principles, but there have absolutely been moments and ways in which we clearly tried.
I want us to be a country that all people of goodwill can love, a country that’s an embodiment of deep democracy and high human values. We have swayed from our collective best self, but we can return to it if we choose. 
2020 Democratic presidential candidate Marianne Williamson 1-on-1 Video - ABC News 
I'll be in New Hampshire this Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday. Click link for details. I hope to see you there.  
 For your consideration: 
 Excuse me...?
 Yep. If I remember correctly, the prevailing wisdom was that Hillary was a shoo-in and Trump would never be president.
At a time when fear has been harnessed for political purposes, let's harness love for political purposes. This isn't unsophisticated philospophy; it's the only sustainable option for the human race. 
 
 First we repeal the $2T dollar 2017 Tax Bill that gave 83 cents of every $ to the richest individuals ; corporations (put back in the middle class tax cuts). Stop corporate subsidies like the $26B we gave to fossil fuel companies last year. 3% tax on billionaires, 2% on over $50M
The biggest problem with our health care system is that it's more a sickness care system than a health care system. We need to move beyond just taking care of sickness, to actually prioritizing creating health. My plan: 
 I DM'd you. Our team is already working on your questionnaire. Thanks!
The Rainbow Railroad is an international alliance that rescues persecuted LBGTQ+ people around the world ; helps them emigrate to safe societies. State-sponsored violence against LBGTQ+ is real and the US  should take a strong and vigorous stand against it.
Returning to Washington DC Monday, May 20, for my Town Hall that starts at 7PM. Moderated by Rev Sylvia Sumter at Unity of Washington DC, 1225 R St NW … Bring your questions and concerns, Free ; Everyone Welcome …  
 I never said anything like that.
Forces bubbling to the surface in the 21st C so radically different than the dynamics that prevailed within the 20th, that no one without deep insight into the role of rage ; despair in producing dysfunction, ; love ; inspiration in producing harmony,  is “qualified for the job.”
 I can’t speak for anyone else, but I can tell you my opinion. It’s way way too early for anyone to think they can make that call.
The only way to defeat a Big Lie is with some seriously Big Truth 
If since World War II American foreign policy had been focused more on truly championing democracy and humanitarian principles throughout the world as opposed to mainly promoting American corporate interests, we would be living now in a far less dangerous and pain-ridden world.
 There’s a serious backlash occurring, at least subconsciously in reaction to emerging power among women. But we will go through this together and WOMEN WILL NOT BACK DOWN.
 Narrative of our history is every generation deciding whether to expand or contract our commitment to our principles. We met slavery with abolition, oppression with Suffrage, ; segregation with the civil rights movement. It’s our turn now. Will we choose corporatism or democracy?
 I agree with him. I think we will need a combination of a federal jobs guarantee - probably through something like a Green New Deal - and UBI. A tsunami of automation is coming; if we do not prepare for it it could be economically catastrophic.
 Well I wouldn’t go THAT far:)
 Hardly. 
When our public policies are aligned with America’s First Principles, we do OK. When our public policies deviate from those principles, chaos ensues. But every  generation needs to inscribe them on our hearts. Our 1st Principles are power; our only sure protection against tyranny
2) America’s mission statement comprised of the following: All men are created equal; God gave all men inalienable rights of life, liberty ; the pursuit of happiness; govts are instituted among men to secure those rights ; we’re govt of the people, by the people ; for the people!
1) America is having an identity crisis, having become untethered to the remembrance of who we are and what our purpose is. We must become purpose driven and mission driven again, in order to navigate this critical moment.
Health is not the absence of sickness; sickness is the absence of health. And peace is not the absence of war; war is the absence of peace. It takes just as much strategy and sophistication to wage peace as it takes strategy  and sophistication to wage war, if war is necessary.
 That’s like saying you’re not going to cultivate health or help prevent disease by attending to nutrition, exercise, or lifestyle. Those days are so over.
A U.S. Department of Peace is a major step in dismantling America’s systemically entrenched culture of violence. 
The key to our economic future lies in uncapping  the dreams and releasing the spirit of the American people. My interview on PolitiKing: 
It’s absurd to think the mindset which wreaked such havoc in the 20th century should be our guidance system in the 21st. The head separated from the heart, and the intellect separated from love, represent a spiritually diseased state from which humanity must heal.
“Not taken seriously by professional politicos” simply means not acknowledged by club members who think membership should be limited. The only thing that ultimately matters to a candidate is being taken seriously by voters.
The days of the tough cowboy leading us into reckless war and then being lauded for his strength are over. What must emerge now is an age of proactive peacebuilding, where we fortify the factors statistically proven to increase peace and reduce conflict. 
Love, not economics, should be society’s bottom line. I know there are those who think it’s naïve to say the most important thing is for us to more deeply love each other. But what’s naïve is to think humanity will last another hundred years on this planet if we do not.
We can’t just endlessly prepare for war. We have to cultivate peace. 
 The facts are the opposite of what you say. It is by leaving the Iran Deal that we have created a greater risk.
 I was at a high school today and as I walked down the hall and viewed their art, their projects ; talked to the students, I felt I was around more conscious, alert, and imaginative energy than I feel around most adults. Seriously. Have we not failed them?
 I don’t buy the argument that more candidates means less likelihood that we can defeat Trump. I think it’s healthy that there are so many candidates. All hands on deck! Let the voters decide who the candidate is, then all of us will come together full on to support that person.
 The issue for me is that I see it as an issue of private morality, and I don’t believe government should legislate an individual’s moral decisions. I trust women to make the decision for themselves, in consultation with their own conscience and internal guidance.
 I don’t think “just anyone” should lead the country either.
 I don’t attack the Second Amendment. I don’t attack the right to own a car either, but I believe there should be traffic laws.
“The decision whether or not to bear a child is central to a woman’s life, well-being ; dignity. It is a decision she must make for herself. When govt controls that decision for her, she is being treated as less than a fully adult human responsible for her own choices.” - RBG
“At a time when the leftward drift of the Democratic Party is regularly in the news, she is by any measure the most rigorously progressive candidate in the field of 23.” 
 Not sure how universal healthcare, higher minimum-wage, free college and cancellation of college loan debt means we’re not offering anything to the average American! And a 16-year-old IS an average American, by the way.
 There is no way under any circumstances that 16-year-olds would be voting by the time of the 2020 election, so this obviously has nothing to do with getting support for myself. Bigger question: can’t we just disagree on a subject without turning everything into a personal insult?
 So who protects their interests, if we will not allow them to? Generations that have not provided for their safety in school, have a lot of nerve saying we won’t let them vote because we’re trying to protect them from themselves.
 I hear that. And at first, that was pretty much my feeling about it as well. But I have to ask you, can we say any differently about the population of 18 years and older? Have we done right by our young? Have we not abdicated our right to be the only deciders?
My interview with 1a today.  Policy, principles, and why my qualifications are as good as anyone’s. 
 You go!!
 The Second Amendment of our Bill of Rights gives citizens the right to bear arms.We simply need common sense gun safety legislation. We also have a right to cars, but we still have traffic rules.
 That’s for sure...
 16-year-olds in this country live with a  risk of gun violence and other possible dangers more than older people do, and they should have a chance to weigh in on who makes public policies that affect them. Younger people are much smarter today ; in many ways we have failed them.
I’m looking forward to my Town Hall in Washington DC on Monday, May 20, at Unity of Washington DC. Moderated by Rev Sylvia Sumter, starts at 7PM. Free and Everyone is Welcome. 1225 R Street NWWashington, DC, 20009 
I agree with Booker ; Harris: it’s time to up the fight against NRA obstruction towards common sense gun safety legislation. We MUST AND WILL have universal background checks, outlaw bump stocks ; ban military assault weapons. Also why I think we should lower the voting age to 16
Women rise, or what we most want ain’t gonna happen. 
 Interesting theory. Shill for who?
Tune in to now! Looking forward to discussing our vision for the country with 
The United States has ordered all non-emergency government employees to leave Iraq immediately, citing concerns about possible imminent threats from Iran against US forces. If you have a feeling you’ve heard this… 
U.S. suggests possible imminent action re Iran. Viet Nam, Iraq redux. DON’T BUY IT THIS TIME! Make noise immediately. Call your Senators at 202 224 3121 to support S1039 Affirming Constitutional requirement for Congress to approve a war against Iran.

We need to align public policy with our basic goodness as human beings. Discussing federally funded health clinics in Spartanburg, South Carolina… 
A spate of state abortion bills appearing around the country are intended to overturn Roe v.Wade and intimidate women. Note to courts: American women cannot and will not be intimidated. We will make our own moral choices and our own biological decisions.
 I sure can.
The problem isn’t that some people get rich in America; the problem is that not enough people have a chance to get rich in America. All should have a chance to thrive. This country belongs to all of us, or it only belongs to a few of us. That is the  decision we need to make now.
1% of Americans own more wealth than bottom 90%;  it’s the largest income inequality since 1929. Been going on for 40 years ; it needs to stop. Repeal 2017 $2 Trillion tax cut that gave $.83 of every dollar to very richest people ; corporations (add back the middle class tax cut)
 Wait. Weren't there a whole lot of Republicans running last time? Did you have a problem with that?
 No, I believe righteous commerce is a good thing. It's just that there should be universal, equal opportunity to create wealth.
 No I'm not confusing wealth with income.
Righteous commerce ; wealth creation are good but aristocracy isn’t. Aristocracy when govt policy makes it easier for the very rich to get richer ; harder for anyone else to even survive. That trend has been going on for 40 yrs and it needs to stop. Put 2% tax on $50M, 3% on $1B.
 That "love morality and integrity...are not how a country is run" is the PROBLEM.
Thanks so much to Phillip Scott and the Advise Media Network... 
Join me in Detroit tonight with Michigan State Rep. Leslie Love 
Join me tonight at Detroit Unity Temple at 7 PM! 
No matter how old you are, it’s the music and movies of your youth that forever stir you. Kudos to Doris Day for the smiles she gave, the happiness she inspired and a life well lived. May her spirit soar.
 Of course not.
Where there is love, miracles occur naturally. If enough of us love each other, love the earth and love the world itself, we will evolve to a place within ourselves from which flow enough wisdom and intelligence to repair the world. 
 Let’s not forget the war in Iraq!
Hey how about meeee?
 One of the first things I would do is submit to Congress legislation to establish public funding for federal campaigns. Other than a constitutional convention, it is the only way to override the power of Citizens United.
My interview on the Advise Show...
 Democrats aren’t “pushing illegal immigration;” we’re pushing justice for all. And we’re not “pushing transgenderism”; we’re pushing the idea that all men are created equal. We’re pushing the core American ideals.
 Thank you. I know you’re right
I know I know, I talked too fast:) 
With on Fox last week 
Yep. 
I’ll be on KC-DC tonight on MSNBC 
 What she denounced was its commercialization, not the original holiday itself
In honor of my mother and my daughter and all mothers and children everywhere, on this day every year I read the original Mother’s Day proclamation. May the day reclaim its original intent. 
 Yep. It starts with “f” and ends with “m.”
 And what would my “angle”? Are you under the impression that I get more political support for this than I get criticism?
 (Sigh)
 lol
Reminder: Detroit Town Hall Saturday 5/11 on Criminal Justice Reform ; Policing in Black, Brown ; Marginalized Communities. With former Detroit Police Chief Ralph Godbee. 20531 Kelly Rd. Harper Woods, Free All Welcome. 
A spate of state abortion bills appearing around the country are intended to overturn Roe v.Wade and intimidate women. Note to courts: American women cannot and will not be intimidated. We will make our own moral choices and our own biological decisions.
Given that those older than they have proven ourselves inadequate to the task of protecting their safety ; furthering their good, ; given that their inalienable rights to life, liberty ; the pursuit of happiness are consistently violated, I support lowering the voting age to 16

We should not let issues around Mueller report, impeachment or the economy distract our attention from the dangerous saber rattling coming out of the Trump administration toward Iran and Venezuela. I will make a major statement shortly.
We got to the 65,000!!!! 
My 2d Detroit Town Hall – Monday, 5/13 … bring your questions/concerns. Moderated by Rep Leslie Love (D-10). Detroit Unity Temple, 17505 2nd Blvd. 7PM. 
You bet. 
I strongly oppose the nomination of Patrick  Shanahan. A 30yr executive at Boeing aircraft is not who should be heading the Department of Defense; someone whose background lies in corporate defense contracting is exactly who should not be running the show. 
 Slavery was theft. Reparations are an acknowledgement of damage done and debt owed.
 Lol. Glad to oblige
My Town Hall on Criminal Justice Reform and Policing in Black, Brown and Marginalized Communities. With former Detroit Chief of Police Ralph Godbee. Saturday May 11, 10am 
 I’m sorry, but this is so profoundly twisted. This is about gun manufacturers’ profits; it has nothing to do with the second amendment. And no, school children should not be laying down their lives to protect corporate profits.
 Thank you. I have a very detailed policy positions here 
We need to rise up.  
Thanks so much for the interview ! 
 My father fought in World War II. That is not what I am talking about at all.I have great admiration, respect and gratitude for those who have served in our military.
 I have expressed outrage about those Yemeni children many times, and others have as well.
 And we must change that.
This says it all: “I heard a gunshot,” said Makai Dixon, 8, a second grader who had been training for this moment, with active shooter drills and lockdowns, since he was in kindergarten. “I’d never heard it before.” Not one American should find this acceptable. Not one of us.
There are things America needs to atone for, such as a streak of violence which has been part of our national character from our earliest days. Our unwillingness to look deeply at this keeps us from becoming what we are capable of becoming. Today let's atone ; ask for forgiveness
 Nooooo
Another school shooting in Denver. Once again our NRA-owned senators ; congressmen will offer thoughts ; prayers ; yet do nothing. I pray for the victims ; for those who love them. And I pray for forgiveness for a country that puts gun sales before the safety of our own children.
Join me in  May 11th - Harper WoodsMonday, May 13th - DetroitRSVP to let us know you are coming:   
Join me tonight and Thursday in Las Vegas. RSVP to let us know you are coming:    
 I don’t understand!There is absolutely a donate button on every page
Less than 2,000 to go! My heart is filled with a lot of gratitude towards those of you who are making this happen. Truly I thank you. Let’s. Get. This. Done! 
Our political conversation doesn't match the depth of who we are.  
Join me Nevadans - Public Townhall in Las Vegas! Thursday, May 9 
 No they do not need that. The majority of that money is not being used to create more business opportunities for others. It has been used to create a situation where 1 percent of all Americans own more wealth than the bottom 90%. The old trickle down illusion is now obvious.

No business thrives without developing new products, and no species thrives without taking care of its young. Given how we neglect millions of American children living in chronic trauma, it’s clear that America is doing neither. If I am president, this will change.
Feminine wisdom is not the purview of women only, and masculine power is not the purview of men only. All of us need a healthy dose of both, and so does the country.
 You think we’d “kick their ass?” Are you under the impression that either the Vietnam War or the Iraq War went well?
A nation’s behavior is just like an individual’s - either an expression of our higher nature or our lower nature. In the case of both, cause and effect holds: whatever we do has consequences. Love leads to harmony ; lovelessness to chaos.That’s why wisdom is relevant to politics.

 Really...?
 Hear hear.
 Wow! Which one?
 No, the sanctions are not making the government unpopular with the Iranian people; they're only making US unpopular with the Iranian people.
Trump's saber-rattling with Iran is both reckless and dangerous. Iran has one of the most powerful armies in the world, and our going to war with them would be utter catastrophe -- not only for them but also for us.
My conversation with Josh Fox and Ezra Silk about bringing spiritual language to the Climate Emergency 
We need fewer than 3,000 unique donors to make it over the finish line to get onto the DNC debate stage. Please donate 
Let's get Marianne to the DNC debates! We have over 95% of the 65,000 unique donations needed to qualify. Help Marianne reach her goal by May 15th and donate today:  
 Please see my website 
I’m campaigning in Las Vegas on May 7 and May 8... 
 I read Homo Deus. What did I say that is not in alignment with it?
Our ability to thrive in the 21st-century will not be determined by the power of technology or the application of brute force; it will be determined by the power of human consciousness and our capacity to more deeply empathize with the pain of others.
Our deepest fear is not that we are powerless; our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure... 
I’m doing 2 Town Hall events in Detroit  ~  on Saturday, May 11 at 10AM and on Monday, May 13 at 7PM. Details here: 
 What I support is the right of a woman to make her own choices, in communion with the guidance of her own heart.
 Let’s get some history straight: we helped rebuild Japan after World War II!
Less than 4,000 unique dollars left to go before we hit the 65,000 mark we need to get into the DNC debates! Have you asked all your second and third cousins yet?  Every casual acquaintance you haven’t seen since high school?:) 
 Please read this. I believe there is more to the story. 
“A new American revolution is a revolution of consciousness, and a new American politics is a politics of love....Only when love is applied to public issues will it then have public effects.” 
Consciousness and Politics: my interview with Vishen Lakhiani, founder of Mind Valley 
The principles of deep transformation apply to politics as much as to anything else. I’ll be spreading the word this week in Iowa, Nevada, or Detroit. Ames and Des Moines today! 
 Weak compared to who? 
Interview about my campaign on LA TV last week. Thank you 
The climate crisis is the greatest moral challenge of our generation. Read my policies here...  
 I agree with that. But we need a CEO with a different kind of consciousness. The country was moving in a corporatist direction even before Trump, and a better version of same old same old will of itself not break the pattern.
The U.S. is like an organization that’s forgotten its mission statement, grasping for any scrap of short term profit as opposed to a long-term agenda for creativity, productivity and meaning. A corrupted capitalism has led to corrupted government has led us  to where we are now.
The undue influence of money on our political system is the cancer that underlies all the other cancers that beset us. Until we deal with this, nothing will fundamentally change. We will not adequately respond to the… 
Crime and violence are problems that can’t just be solved on the level of the symptom. We need to address the many ways we allow their causes to fester. See my plans... 
America will not change unless we take a good look at ourselves: Where we do and do not act in accordance with democratic values; where we have national character defects we need to look at and moral debts we need to pay; where we have sacrificed our moral leadership in the world
Tens of thousands now die each year of opioid addiction. Whether those deaths were accidental or not, in some way they meant all those people found simply being here too painful to bear. We have to ask ourselves what we have created, as a society, that so many people want out.
 Why?
It’s time for the people to step in... 
 Many thanks 🙏🏻
Yep. That’s me... 
Sad to see anyone destroy their life this way, but important that unethical pharmaceutical executives are finally being held accountable for their part in the opioid crisis. We must give greater power to regulate Big Pharma back to the Food ; Drug Admin.! 
Life on the campaign trail! About to speak 
 Thanks to two of my favorite men.
Join me in Las Vegas, Nevada on Thursday, May 9th. RSVP here:    
I will be in North Las Vegas on Tuesday, May 7th. RSVP to let us know you are coming:    
 Well, I don’t know about FOREVER...:)
It’s almost funny to suggest that those whose careers have been entrenched in a system that drove us into a ditch are the only people we should possibly consider qualified to get us out it. First thing we need do is awaken from that delusion. 
 I’ve been called a lot of things before, but never “credulous.”
 Yes, I have plans! 
If I hear another candidate who voted time ; time again for policies that helped the new American aristocracy grab $ for itself at the expense of the people, now claim to be the one to make everything right for those who suffer from it -- I just might have to say something!:)
No matter how we pay for health care, treat opioid addiction or pass gun safety laws, nothing creates true change until we interrupt the patterns of ECONOMIC STRESS making so many people desperate. Those entrenched in the system that created the despair will not heal its symptoms
We’re getting there! 4,999 more unique donors needed to get us into the DNC debates. 
 :)
 yep
Famous scientist Louis Pasteur's last words were: "I was wrong. It's not the germ; it's the environment." Same for us: the problem isn't just Donald Trump; it's the corruption that was already in the system that made him inevitable. We need to fix THAT.  
 Yes

 5,000!
 We need 5,200 more donors!
My new campaign-on-the-road video “Democracy Needs You.” Enjoy! 
My new campaign-on-the-road video “Democracy Needs You” premiering tonight at 9pmPT/12amET!
 
 It’s still early...
Join me for a meet and greet in Des Moines, Iowa on Sunday, May 5th. RSVP here:    
I am hosting a house party in Ames, Iowa this Sunday 5/5. Private Residence: address provided upon RSVP.  
Join me in in Des Moines, Iowa for a house party on Saturday, May 4th.Private Residence: address provided upon RSVP.    
Join me at the East Polk County Democrats Meet ; Greet in Altoona, Iowa this Saturday 5/4. RSVP here:    
Join me for my  Town Hall on Saturday 5/11 and Monday 5/13. RSVP to let us know you are coming:   
I will be in  on Tuesday 5/7 and Thursday 5/9. RSVP for these events here:  
Join me in  this weekend. RSVP for the events this Friday, Saturday, and Sunday here:  
 Exactly!
We need more than a politics that repairs what’s broken or simply perpetuates the status quo. We need a politics that works as a conduit for our highest aspirations, as individuals and as a people. 
This is outrageous. Once someone has paid their debt to society, they have paid their debt to society. The past offender once having completed their time should be welcomed back to society and encouraged to thrive among their fellow citizens. 
 That art is not correct.
An economic system that produces massive wealth creation opportunity to a tiny number of its citizens ; massive economic anxiety to millions, is totally corrupt. It does not deserve another shot at another round! Any candidate refusing to name this is an enabler, not a distuptor.
I’ll tell you what “the economy doing really well” would mean: an immediate infusion of economic hope ; opportunity into the life of the average American. Medicare4All, $15 min wage, free college ; cancelled college loans.  1% owning more than the bottom 90% is NOT “doing well.”
Half of America’s college students go hungry - and this is the richest country in the world. Officialdom however tells us that the economy is doing really well! Let’s awaken from the fog of unknowing that has been knowingly before over our eyes. 
New billboard in  
Iowa, Nevada and Detroit coming up! 
 It’s that assuming it’s all true” part. That line was just thrown out there... no evidence whatsoever...
 No, an individual does not have the “right to say no to all this” when Congress calls them to testify. You and I wouldn’t either. We have laws here.
 Incorrect. We currently need about 5,000 more contributors and the next bar, if there is one, will have to do with polling results.
 What are his rights that you’re concerned about here?
The Democrats in Congress are correct to be taking a tough stand regarding Barr’s refusal to testify today. They are exercising their Constitutional authority and the American people deserve no less.
I’m headed back to Iowa today. If you’re there, please join me 
Words spoken today by William Barr stooped beneath the level of any lawyer much less the AG. He said if the president feels he is being falsely accused, he should be able to shut down an investigation into his conduct. Wouldn’t that be true of 90% of criminal defendants? 
Stephen Dinan's blog on why he endorses my campaign. Very grateful he wrote it. Please spread the word! 
We need to be as effective at waging peace as at waging war; peace must be proactively cultivated. We should have armies of humanitarians, peace builders, conflict resolution ; development specialists, mediators ; nonviolent communicators. I’d establish a US Dept of Peacebuilding
These factors statistically increase peace and reduce violence: expand economic opportunities for women and education for children, reduce violence against women, ; lessen unnecessary human suffering wherever possible. Peace isn’t the absence of war; war is the absence of peace.
 I see that you are a progressive, Sir. Why am I so objectionable to you, I wonder? Just curious.
A clip from my appearance on The Damage Report today... 
5,900 unique donors now needed to get onto the DNC debate stage. We.are.getting there! Please keep pushing! We’re getting into the final stretch... 
Where some have politicized hatred, our task is to politicize love 
I’m in Iowa May3-6! Please join me 
Millions of American children live in chronic trauma. 41 million Americans are food insecure. 40% of Americans struggle to make daily ends meet. Just diminishing their pain is not enough; we must challenge the underlying forces that make all that pain inevitable. 
Looking forward to it... 
White supremacist domestic terrorism is a challenge that cannot be adequately addressed merely on the level of its symptoms. It must be routed out at its roots, on deep causal levels, in a way that a Department of Peacebuilding would be equipped to do. 
The undue influence of money that has eroded our democracy, turning govt into a handmaiden doing the bidding of corporate forces more than the bidding of the American people, is not just a swamp. It is an ocean of corruption. It’s time for the people to step in now. 
Some people believe that a focus on our ability to love one another is naïve. The truth is, anyone who thinks humanity will survive another hundred years on this planet if we do NOT learn to love one another more deeply – they are naive.
Where there is love, anything is possible. Where there is love, nature organizes itself. Where there is love, life selfcorrects. One of the greatest evils ever foisted onto humanity was the thought that this has nothing to do with politics.
Whether it’s a personal relationship or political policy, the key to right action is to act in passionate service to love. 
Every dollar put into universal health care, education ; economic opportunities that give people a chance to thrive is money put into the economy. It releases people's creativity and productivity to serve the higher purposes for which they were created. THAT is 21st C. abundance.
 Right.
 I knew you were going to say that! Yes, I understand. And I also understand the scourges that have grown and that remain, under that system. Nothing I said in my original tweet disparages the high side of capitalism when it is tethered to an ethical center.
 If only I knew how taxes work, businesses work ; the international economy works. Since 12,000 people starve in the world each day, 1% of Americans own more wealth than the bottom 90%, ; the planet itself is in peril, I am very eager to understand how to perpetuate that system.
When undue influence of money has so corrupted our govt as to turn it for all intents ; purposes into little more than a system of legalized bribery, it's time for the people to step in. The system that created the corruption ; hasn't stopped it is not the force that will fix it.
 Congress should pass legislation establishing public funding for federal elections.
About universal healthcare, free college ; cancelling college loans, many ask how we can pay for it. We begin by repealing huge tax cuts to richest individuals ; corps, plus absurd subsidies. $27B last year to fossil fuel companies?! Amazon made $100B ; paid 0 in federal taxes?!
 Yes
Iowa politics is NOT boring...! 
Thanks, Elex Michaelson! 
  wants to redefine what we expect from presidential candidates. "Franklin Roosevelt said the primary…
Happy to sign the 2020 pledge  
 Will need two more!
Here is my interview with Tikkun magazine founder Rabbi Michael Lerner and his wife Cat Zavis 
6,770 unique dollars left to go to make it onto the DNC debate stage! Keep pushing, people! Thank you!!! 
We’re the only major country that bases most of our educational funding on property taxes. Every American school should be a palace of learning and a temple of culture and the arts. America’s gold and America’s greatness lie waiting to be mined in every one of our kindergartens.
We need massive realignment of investments toward America’s children. We lose billions if not trillions of potential earnings, not to mention the probability of a peaceful future, by not fully developing the brain power of our youth. I want cabinet level  Dept. of Chilren ; Youth
We only need about 7,000 more unique donors to make the 65,000 needed to get onto the DNC debate stage. But time is beginning to run short! Please ask everyone you know; even a one dollar donation will do! 
The psychopharmacological/psychotherapeutic/industrial complex turns what is often normal human suffering into a multi-billion $ profit center, too often masquerading as help or healing to unsuspecting sufferers. When I’m president, the FDA will no longer be Big Pharma’s lapdog.
White nationalists are terrorists no different than any others.  Charlottesville, Pittsburgh, Poway: they’re not lone wolves but individual expressions of a collectivized hatred. All of us must ask ourselves “How can I help create a world in which no one would be called to that?”
 
We repudiated aristocracy in 1776 ; it’s time to repudiate it again. As it turns out the American Revolution is an ongoing process, as rights of the many to actualize their dreams comes up anew against what Jefferson called “the general tendency of the rich to prey upon the poor”
I’m speaking in San Jose, California today and San Diego tomorrow. Join me! 
 Once again, if you look at those interviews you will see that I was simply answering questions that were put to me regarding the 65,000. I remember specifically saying to Alex Witt on MSNBC that I have no problem with the fact that the 65,000 is a criteria.
 Can you tell me where I complained? I was asked about in in a couple of situations and I responded accordingly. I am excited to be part of the process I certainly do not see myself as a victim.
 I never said anything of the kind. Nor would I.
 I hope you will check out my issues section and policy positions. 
To say we must love each other is not to say we mustn't do anything else! It's an integrative, whole person approach to politics -- addressing both external as well as internal issues -- that will change the country and help repair the world. .
Winning the nomination won't be determined by someone's resume but by their ability to connect with voters. And winning the general won't be determined by political strategy alone but by raising the energy of a presidential campaign to the level of radical truth telling and love
 You're right. The old way is clearly working.
 Congress COULD do it now!
 It could still be money that partially determines the cut, but it would be money available equally to all citizens.
 I like to think that that’s my entire campaign.
 As a Jew, I’m distinctly aware that white people are also victims of white nationalism. Think about what happened at the synagogue in San Diego yesterday or at the synagogue in Pittsburgh last year. White nationalism is a scourge with tentacles that affect everyone.
The first thing I’d do as president is submit to Congress legislation to establish public funding for federal campaigns. It’s the only way to override Citizens United ; even begin to disrupt the financial influence that has corrupted our government ; devastated our public square.
 Letting pharmaceutical companies advertise on television was part of the huge deregulation orgy ushered in in the 1980s.
 
 Lots of evidence to support it. The Indian Independence movement in the Civil Rights movement.
 
 And prior to the 1980s, they were.
 Really? 
 In fact, it’s the only thing that does.
 You think we need to “point out” how bad white nationalism and white supremacy is...?
 Yeah, that’ll do it…
Yep. And collectivizing hate can only be overridden by collectivizing love. 
 
 Do you think MLK didn’t name racists for what they were, or that Gandhi didn’t name the British colonialists oppressing India? Love doesn’t destroy your brain cells.
The philosophy of nonviolence – articulated by Gandhi ; then MLK Jr - says purification of our hearts is essential to political change. Starting now, deepen your practice of compassion and forgiveness. Nothing less will give us the power we need to cast the danger from our midst.
 Correct. He’s my friend and I like him a lot.
 Hear hear.
 I meant the media coverage...
 Then join my campaign.
Our current political malfunction  is an outgrowth of the environment from which it emerged: a society that had put aside its heart, conscience ; political principles in favor of craven economics. Only way to  remove the lower manifestation is to retrieve the higher consciousness
 Ah...right!
Forget the political dog ; pony show; it’s toxic and silly and can only produce more of the same. Enter instead what’s emerging from the American heart: the deep waters of a collective yearning to pull ourselves out of the downward spiral into which we have descended as a nation.
 What, you don’t like Gleeeee??
 Immigrants contribute as much to this country as this country contributes to them. 
 I think we’ll need a combination of Universal Basic Income and a federal jobs guarantee. An economic tsunami due to automation is coming and it’s the only way to stave it off.
Only love has the ultimate power to triumph over hate. Only a political movement genuinely rooted in love for our country and love for one another will have the power to override the  primal forces of fear that have been harnessed by this president. 
 Yep. And I have that. You don’t have to have been a politician to be very clear about what politicians have done.
You can’t sort of kind of decide to change your life ; you can’t sort of kind of decide to change your country. If we want peace, if we want a sustainable planet ; we want to fundamentally lessen unnecessary human suffering, we need to change our entire perspective on government.
USA need to re-purpose our economy. Auto industry workers would love being told their jobs being repurposed  for developing green transportation systems, oil industry workers would love being told their jobs being repurposed for developing green energy systems ; on down the line.
Love needs to get some spine in this country (from my interview on Pantsuit Politics)  
Horrified by the synagogue shooting in San Diego. May all hearts be comforted. Violence against anyone due to their religion is an undermining of everything this country stands for. As Americans, and as children of God, let us rise.
 I agree. Taking it down
We’re under 8,000 left to go! So we’re totally getting there. Please do everything you can to get even the smallest donations to get us onto the DNC debate stage 
 As is alcohol...
 👍
 Correct.
 Correct.
We should legalize marijuana ; release nonviolent offenders who’ve been incarcerated because of it. The most dangerous drug dealers in America are legal pharmaceutical companies that knowingly overmanufacturer, falsely advertise ; promote overprescription of addictive substances.
 I play to an “audience”...?
An obsession with selling guns is at odds with the desire to create a more peaceful world.  
 Count me in.
 You simply misrepresented my answers.
 Ridiculous.
 Boy, do you have it wrong 
Livestream begins at 9:30pmET/6:30pmPT 
9:30pmET/6:30pmPT
Join me tonight for a livestream from the Center for Spiritual Living Greater Las Vegas 
 Ouch!
Oh yeah!! 
See you tonight for a town hall event at the Center for Spiritual Living Greater Las Vegas.  
Speaking in Las Vegas tonight. Please join me 
 Thanks, Karl.
Looking forward to tomorrow evening’s town hall at the Center for Spiritual Living Greater Las Vegas. More info at  
Joe Biden‘s theme is Healing the Soul of America. Does that mean he’s endorsing me? 
 Looking forward to this evening’s Town Hall event at The Center in Las Vegas. More info at: 
 Like all those experienced politicians who led us into Vietnam and Iraq?
 It wasn’t even published years before I did.
Looking forward to this evening’s Town Hall event at The Center in Las Vegas. More info at: 
We need fewer than 9,000 unique donors now to get to the DNC debate stage. Let’s get this done! Much more will open up to us then... 
 People become ready to face the truth when they hear someone speak at fiercely, authentically, and honestly. Which is radical. And that is what real leaders do. The problem in America today is that our leaders have become too often just followers of public opinion.
 Yeah:) I have a few ideas about that. 
People whose entire careers been spent entrenched within a system that got us into a ditch should not be considered the only ones qualified to get us out of it. Nothing so dangerous to the status quo as new ideas ; free thinking. Support new ideas anyway! 
 Thank you!
I’m campaigning in Las Vegas for the next couple of days. Hope you can join me. LGBTQ+ Townhall tomorrow 
 Excellent question; thank you for asking it. Especially considering the things I have been talking about publicly for the last 20 years...
 Oh really...?
Thanks to for a great Citizen Campaign Call. As president, one of my first acts will be sending a proposal to Congress to establish public funding for federal campaigns. The only way to return our government to the people is to stop the corrupting influence of dark money.
Thank you for our conversation today. Grateful for the opportunity.
Join us in 15 minutes for the citizen campaign call with Lawrence Lessig: How to get money out of politics! 
 Looking forward to this evening’s Citizen Campaign Call with Lawrence at 8:30pmET/5:30pmPT.
Come join me in Las Vegas tomorrow night, where I’ll be hosting “An Evening with Marianne, LGBTQ + Town Hall Event” at The Center. More info at   
Looking forward to this evening’s Citizen Campaign Call with Lawrence at 8:30pmET/5:30pmPT. 
America can have an extraordinary future but we also have to clean up the past. Repairing our relationship to Native Americans and American descendants of slaves is an important part of resetting the trajectory of our history. Both are core to my campaign. 
I’m at at the Yoga Pearl Studio in Reno, Nevada at 1pm today. Join me! 
People who won’t name the problem have no intention of solving it. 
Looking forward to Wednesday's Citizen Campaign Call with Harvard Law School professor and author, Lawrence Lessig. We'll be discussing the removal of dark money from American politics.… 
 That is exactly the point! We lose billions if not trillions of potential lost revenue by NOT helping people (particularly children) succeed.
 Okay, you’re on. Tell me why! We can debate it right here. I love it when people tell me my problem is that I need to be more tied, more conversant, more acquiescent to a system that’s created the most unjust economy America has had in 100 years:)
 I’m going to remember your story. I promise.
A POLITICS OF LOVE: Handbook for a New American Revolution - now available!  
 But they are government loans. Doesn’t it seem odd to you that we pay billions in corporate subsidies - $26B to fossil fuel companies last year alone - but to students we just LOAN the money (with interest, no less)?
 Something WILL be done; “we the people” are going to keep pushing on this one. Canceling that debt is an idea whose time has come. What this country needs now more than anything is leadership that’s unequivocal about the things that matter most.
 Govt created the debt to begin with!
Dec. of Ind. says “God gave all men the inalienable rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness” and “governments are instituted among men to secure those rights.” Really think about that ; it will make you want to make some serious changes in this country. 
The way to transform this country is to unleash the spirit of our people; uncap people’s dreams ; watch them soar. THAT’S why we need free health care ; higher ed, $15 min wage, cancelled college debt - so people can get about the business of creating what they’re here to create.
Finally! will hold a hearing on  on April 30.  In the richest country in the world, no one should live with the anxiety of not knowing what would happen if they or one of their kids got sick. 
You guys are so amazing. We now need fewer than 10,000 unique donors to make it to 65,000! Please keep pushing so we can get this over the finish line. So much more will be possible once we do. 
Come join me tomorrow at The Yoga Pearl Studio in Sparks, NV at 1:00pmPT.  
 “We need to really interrupt this horrible pattern of injustice by which 1% of all Americans own more than 90% of the wealth.”…
Yep 
 So I guess I won’t put your name down for a house party right?
Looking forward to Wednesday's Citizen Campaign Call with Harvard Law School professor and author, Lawrence Lessig. We'll be discussing the removal of dark money from American politics.… 
About to be on 9am ET. Join us!
Important citizen Campaign Call on Wednesday night. I will be interviewing Harvard professor Larry Lessig about dark money and its corrupting influence on our government - plus what we need to do about it! 5:30 PM PT/8:30 PM ET. 
 Yeah she did...
We’re at less than 11,000! We need 10,834 more unique donations to make it onto the DNC debate stage. I’m so grateful to all of you who are helping us get there. 
Centuries ago, women in villages throughout Europe held nature rituals to remind humanity of our sacred connection to the earth, the sky and the waters...    
Looking forward to Wednesday's Citizen Campaign Call with Harvard Law School professor and author, Lawrence . We'll be discussing the removal of dark money from American politics. More details at  
As president, I would deal with the Climate Crisis this way: 
Dealing with the climate crisis is the greatest moral challenge of our generation. I know that we can and I believe that we will. "The greatest crisis to our planet is the belief that someone else will save it." -- Sir Robert Swan.  
On MSNBC with Stephanie Ruhle this morning, talking about operationalizing love 
Did you know that this is the first generation predicted not to live as long as their parents? Help and change that! Watch  and RETWEET!   
 Yes. TYRANNY, by Tim Snyder.
When lies don't matter -- that matters. When cheating doesn't matter -- that matters. When gaslighting doesn't matter -- that matters. Sociopathic behavior matters as much in public as well as personal relationships, and we should all become more savvy very quickly.
No matter how many laws we have and how much we prosecute them, civilization breaks down when ethics don't matter anymore more. When lies don't matter, when cheating doesn't matter, when basic decency doesn't matter -- propaganda replaces truth and society spirals down.
Prayers for the people of Sri Lanka this morning. May the love of so many from all around the world provide comfort and hope at this agonizing hour.
The Politics of Easter 
 You’ll have to be suspicious of everyone running, then! And writing a book to clarify our positions should not be seen as suspect behavior.     
I am speaking about my new book, A POLITICS OF LOVE: Handbook for a New American revolution, Monday night in NYC! 
Seating for my talk in NYC tonight will be extremely limited, and available first come, first served. Please join the Livestream here: 
Anything is possible in the presence of love 
Great shout out in USA Today. 
Livestream my talk at 6pm ET tonight: Passover, Easter, and American Politics 
I will speak about politics and the meaning of Easter tonight. Location:Lightning Society, 245 Varet Street, Brooklyn, NY, 11206 at 6pm ET. Livestream through  - details to follow...
 The fact that I believe in the power of love is a disappointment to you....?
Oh holy day, this day of forgiveness and love...a love that breaks all chains that bind...a love through which all things are possible...a love which cancels out all darkness. May this Easter expand your heart, resurrect your dreams and bring you peace. Amen
I’ll be speaking about my newest book A POLITICS OF LOVE: A Handbook for New American Revolution, at ABC Carpet ; Home in New York City on Monday, April 22 at 7PM. 888 Broadway. Details here: 
I will be speaking live in New York City tomorrow night about the Politics of Easter. Live-streaming as well. 6 PM ET. Will post further details…
This article is an example of why arts education is essential for America’s public schools. Helping to develop the potential greatness of every American child is top on my list of political priorities. 
This article is a good representation of my platform 
 "I don't believe that the average American is a racist, but I do believe that the average American is vastly underinforme…
We’re getting closer. Now we need 11,996 unique donors to get onto DNC debate stage - we just have to keep pushing. Call or email at least 5 people you know? (When I was a child I loved a book called “The Little Engine That Could.” This feels like that!) 
 I’m with you on that.
America’s gun policies are NOT driven by the second amendment.  
I will be live streaming an Easter message tomorrow night. Stay tuned for details…
 Maybe start with the $26 billion that went to fossil fuel companies last year? Then Big Ag. Big Pharma etc. Industries already making billions of dollars don’t need more help! They only get it because with their money they can influence the political process. Corrupt. And wrong.
 That is absolutely untrue. The staff got the time mixed up. I was sitting at a computer waiting, at the time when I thought I was supposed to be on. After that I got on a plane to fly from Boston to Los Angeles, and no I was not tweeting from the air.
 You’re right. There is always a temptation to contract at the very moment when we most need to expand. It’s a natural inclination, but one that needs to be overcome in order to succeed.
 
The desire for change was palpable in 2016 ; the desire is still there. We didn’t get a change agent last time except in the worst way; we’ll only defeat him with someone who’s a change agent in the best way. Sometimes playing it safe is the most dangerous thing you can do.
Einstein said we would not solve the problems of the world from the level of thinking we were at when we created them. Establishment political thinking got us into this ditch; establishment political thinking will not get us out of it. 
 That’s historic, Diane. Congratulations!
When 1% of the population owns more wealth than the bottom 90%, it’s an imbalance that nature will not support. One way or the other - either peacefully or painfully - society will re-establish equilibrium. We can wisely choose a greater balance or it will be chosen for us.
“Those who make peaceful revolution impossible make violent revolution inevitable.” - President John F. Kennedy
 I did not blow him off! My team made a mistake on the time zone ; when the show was actually happening I was already on an airplane. Why do you think I’d blow off someone whose show has so many listeners?? I am well aware of the missed opportunity and I hope they will reschedule.
 Very much looking forward to it. Thank you!
"If they give it to rich people, they call it a subsidy. If they give it to poor people, they call it a handout." -- Martin Luther King Jr.
How do we pay for giving the American people what they should be able to EXPECT in the richest country in the world, where govt is meant to be "for the people?" Repeal the 2017 Tax Bill that gave $1.5T to the wealthiest (keep the middle class tax cuts) ; stop corporate subsidies.
This isn't a time for incremental change; it's time for a fundamental disruption of the status quo ; an immediate infusion of economic hope and opportunity into the sinews of our civilization: immediate medicare4all, higher minimum wage, free college and cancelled college loans.
 Thank you! I enjoyed it too...
 I appreciate your concern, but I can't agree with you on that. Even the most consummate professional can make one time zone error. I saw how the work had been done to set us up in a conference room for the call. I'm bummed and she's bummed, but a little mercy seems in order here.
Here's my interview on Pantsuit Politics (what fabulous women they are)  
My book, A POLITICS OF LOVE: A Handbook for New American Revolution, is being published this week! 
 No one ever said $1 billion.
 I did not decline the Jimmy Dore show. It was at 4 PM West Coast time and someone on my team thought it was 4 PM East Coast time. It was an honest time zone  mistake by a team member. Hopefully they will be willing to reschedule.
 Thank you, Irshad x
We’re getting closer to the 65,000 unique donations we need to get onto the DNC debate stage. Only 12,999 left to go! Please keep spreading the word... 
 I don’t know what happened. I think there might have been an East Coast West Coast mix up about time because I was sitting at a computer at 4 PM East Coast time. 😞
 I did not bail on the Jimmy Dore show! There was clearly an administrative glitch of some kind but believe me we were sitting there and I was waiting. I’m sure we will know more tomorrow
 We sat there waiting. Some wires must’ve gotten crossed administratively. It was on my schedule and we were prepared and the computer thing didn’t happen. Believe me, I was totally looking forward to the interview
 I did not cancel Jimmy Dore. I did not. Some technical glitch happened but it was not that I cancelled!
 I did not stand him up. Something happened technically And the Skype connection wasn’t happening
 I did not cancel it! We technically could not connect. I don’t know what went wrong but believe me, I was sitting there waiting to do the interview
 I wanted to! Technical glitch of some kind. Hopefully will be rescheduled!
 I was totally looking forward to it and something technical went wrong. Believe me
 I sat staring at my computer and there was no Skype connection. Something messed up on a technical level. Nothing intentional whatsoever!
 Me too! Hopefully being rescheduled...
The Democrat who beats Trump in 2020 will do so not because of his or her resume but because of the ability to connect deeply with voters. And someone able to connect with voters on the level of moral values will connect with them most deeply of all. 
A Rabbi’s extraordinary telling of his trip to the border 

 Huh?
 Love doesn’t destroy a person’s brain cells or diminish a person’s commitment to justice.
 Lol sorry!
Using the role of AG for purposes of political messaging is a degradation of the office; William Barr has shown himself to be just another political lackey who serves to do the President’s bidding above all else. The president said he wanted a Roy Cohen and apparently he found it
Many thanks to for such a thoughtful article about faith, the Democratic Party, and my campaign 
Our democracy isn’t “broken”; it’s corrupted. “Broken” would mean it’s a simple as “fixing” it; corrupted means we have to face our national shadow:  how short term corporate profits have replaced democracy and love as our society’s bottom line.
The United States needs to do more than just not go over a cliff; we need to get out of the vicinity of the cliff entirely. That means we need to do more than just defeat  Trump in 2020; we need to reimagine ; re-envision our democracy for the 21st-century 
 Incredible new video by visionary climate activist Congresswoman It's time for us to dream bigger than ever before t…
President Trump has vetoed the bipartisan effort to end US involvement in the Saudi Arabian war against Yemen. This is a complete surrender of America’s values, as a $100B arms deal has been placed before all ethical and moral consideration. More children will die because of this
We now need 13,996 more unique donations. Keep it coming please! 
About to do New Hampshire Public radio interview Facebook live at 9 AM ET. Live on 
We know what fear and hatred and bigotry would do. The question of our time is, what would love do? My book A POLITICS OF LOVE is a handbook for a new American revolution. 
 Thank you, Shawn!
The evolutionary impulse that is needed now…
We now need 14,950 more unique donors to make it to the DNC debate stage. We. are. getting. there. Please donate...
 Thank you so much, Deepak..
On economics, reparations and making things right 
Re-branding and repackaging old ideas does not represent a new generation of leadership; only new ideas and a new generation of consciousness does that - Sayeth the old wise woman:)
 Age can produce wisdom ; if we run away from our age then we deny its greatest gift. Ageism is just another ego trick to stand up to, however disguised it might be. The younger you are the more you know about some things and the older you are the more you know about other things.
The story of Project Angel Food 
Thanks to From one fierce woman to another...
No political or media elite should be able to appoint themselves the gatekeepers to our political process, announcing to everyone who the "serious" candidates are, leaving in who they want to leave in and leaving out who they want to leave out. 
 lol
 He did tweet asking his supporters to donate $1 to my campaign, and I appreciate it...
Hey, guys. I'm in New Hampshire! Please join me 
We need 16,200 more unique donations in order to get onto the DNC debate stage. We're getting there! Please join the effort and help make it happen...
My campaign video...
You won't find a former chemical company executive heading up the EPA in the Williamson Administration. Visit  for more on my environmental platform.   
My heart is so sad for the French and for all of us. I’m thinking of the heroism and tears that must be happening, as firefighters and others as well I’m sure, are risking their lives to… 
 "Do I feel he's committed impeachable offenses? Absolutely. I think this President, clearly, has fascist leanings," says president…
"I challenge the idea that people whose careers have been entrenched in the same limitations that are endemic to the system that got us into this ditch are the only people we should possibly consider qualified to take us out of the ditch."  
 Presidential candidate calls climate change "the greatest moral challenge of our age," and that, as President, she…
Mon Dieu, Mon Dieu...oh people of France, we surround you with love in this hour of your agony. May your country be comforted and your hearts made calm. We stand with you. You will rebuild.
Prayers for Notre Dame cathedral, ablaze in Paris. I can only imagine the heroism occurring now,as people strive to save some of the most precious artifacts of the world. Ah, the Rose Window...! May all people and all treasures be safe.
 My policy positions are clearly spelled out at 
 You think only politicians have experience,  qualifications, or understand how the world works? ; if you think someone who’s been in Congress for a couple of terms has some elevated understanding of what it would take to be president, you don’t know what Congressmen do all day.
When the American people awaken to the realization that 40 years of trickle down economics has served only a small 1% elite at the expense of almost everyone else-they will rise up en masse, march to the polls, and end this travesty of justice. 
 Of course it was, and I don’t think that we should in any way minimize that! But if you have kicked someone to the floor you owe them two things: to stop kicking, and also to help them get back up.
Marianne on reparations from her CNN Town Hall Tonight: "This country will not heal until we take a serious moral inventory… Racism is a character defect. Let’s fix this. Let’s solve this." 
Marianne knocked it out of the park on her CNN Town Hall tonight. She got to show America the powerhouse that she is. Please help us spread her message far and wide by donating to the campaign. It takes millions of dollars and we need your help. 
"On guns: I support 2nd amendment rights, however we know they were talking about a well organized militia. We don’t have gun safety legislation because it cuts in to the short term profits of gun manufacturers. That is immoral. That is obscene." Marianne live on CNN Town Hall.
“Economic good does not come from corporate moguls dropping crumbs; it comes from every single American unleashing our dreams.” Marianne live on CNN Town Hall.  
"We should have borders to organize our societies, not to divide our hearts." Marianne live on CNN Town Hall.  
"We don’t have a health care system, we have a sickness care system." Marianne live on CNN Town Hall.  
“This president has fascist leanings. We need to stop pretending that this is not true.” Marianne live on CNN Town Hall.  
On Reparations: “We need to get real. This is not a debt we can afford to delay any longer. It is simply a debt we owe. Racism is a character defect. Let’s solve this. Whatever it costs, it is time to do this.“  
"I challenge the idea, that those who have been entrenched, who got us into the ditch, are the only people who can get us out of the ditch." Marianne live on CNN Town Hall.
Team  taking over Marianne’s Twitter feed during her Town Hall. We’re 6 minutes out.
 Marianne Williamson writes: America is sliding into a veiled aristocratic system, and we need to remind ourselves that economic in…
 under 90 min from now - I’ll moderate a townhall with presidential candidate tune in 6p eastern 
A revolution can’t just be led by soloists; everyone must sing their own unique part of the song. Full video at:  
My CNN Town Hall is tomorrow night! Sunday, April 14 at 6pm ET (note new time) 
A revolution can’t just be led by soloists; everyone must sing their own unique part of the song. 
 I’m surprised to hear you say that, Danny. As a woman, I can tell you that a man walking back-and-forth menacingly right behind me would feel very threatening. It would more than annoy me. And it would certainly throw me off my game, which of course he was trying to do.
We need fewer than 19,000 more unique donors in order to make it onto the DNC debate stage. Let’s keep pushing, people! We’re getting there...
 Really? What part of it is ridiculous?
We don’t have to agree with someone politically to love them in a larger, more universal sense. That’s the essence of nonviolence, and if we don’t seek to practice it within ourselves then there will be no hope for the future. Let’s seek to love even those with whom we disagree.
Barbara Marx Hubbard was a wonderful woman. And that’s not something I’m saying just because she has passed over and I want to be nice. She truly was a wonderful woman. She was always… 
 No, I do see it actually. And I have a problem with it. But this is about her safety now, and that's a completely separate issue to me. For the President of the US to post what he did about her is threatening, and has no place in American politics.
 Thank you, Alana:)
 She did not.
 Her sentence was taken out of context. As someone who's been a public speaker for decades, I know how something can be taken out of context ; used to misrepresent you. I don't agree with this woman on some serious issues. But we must stand with each other when it comes to safety.
 Why?
 I don't understand your saying that.I have some serious disagreements with Omar but that's a separate issue. No woman, no person, no elected representative should ever have to fear the kind of threatening behavior now being directed against her. You expect me to be okay with it??
 No, she does not show hate or disdain for our country. And she has as much right to be here as you or I do. She is also an elected representative of the people of her district. It is the President's menacing behavior towards her that is an affront to what this country stands for.
 Check out my site please. 
Whether it was President Trump walking menacing behind Hillary Clinton during their televised debate or his menacing behavior toward now, his subtly violent behavior against women will not go unnoticed in the next election. I stand with her.
Traditional politics addresses the symptoms but not the causes of our problems; it’s therefore unable to identify the best measures to prevent them or the best measures to solve them. Only a holistic perspective freed of 20th C. prejudices can forge a sustainable path in the 21st
Conversation that dominates US politics is intellectually sophisticated, but not psychologically, emotionally or spiritually sophisticated. As such, it’s an inadequate container for the energy needed to navigate these times. A deeply dysfunctional system needs more than tweaking.
 Thank you, Andrew. I look forward to seeing you too...
Thanks, Sheryl. I love what you do too. But it's not enough to just embrace the ideas; what has to be embraced are policy changes. One of the ways a status quo defends and protects itself is to co-opt disruptive language. 
We know how much power can be exerted when those who hate get together, but's  it's nothing compared to the power we can release when enough of us who love get together. Here is my talk from Mind Valley: 
New time 6pm ET Sunday night! 
NEW TIME FOR MY CNN TOWN HALL: Now Sunday night at 6PM ET. Please let people know that the time has been changed.
Why I am running for president. Article today in the Daily Kos 
 Uh, I am...marianne2020.com
2) Only a massive uprising of the American people - taking their passions to the polls on state, local ; federal levels in 2020 and beyond - can override the unjust influence of the new American aristocracy. Only the people ourselves can turn back the tide now and say “No more.”
1) America isn’t functioning as an economic democracy but rather as a veiled aristocracy. For 40 years we’ve  been systematically delivering massive portions of the US treasury into the hands of the very few at the expense of the many, causing immeasurable heartache and hardship.
The issue isn’t to bring down a president; the issue is to lift a country up. 
 What did I say that made you say that?
People transform themselves and so do communities. Jefferson, Iowa is a perfect example of what’s happening and what’s possible. 
Rugged individualism is a good thing but it has become too often a rugged narcissism in America. Every cell in the body is meant to collaborate with other cells; so are we. No cell, and no human, is meant to live only for itself. 
We need fewer than 20,000 unique donors now! Check  for constant updates. Let’s make this happen by May 1st!
 Perhaps they were individually, but when you look at what we have done with weapons of mass destruction I’m not sure sure that is true collectively. The 20th century is the most violent century in recorded human history. Our barbarism is simply promulgated at arm’s length.
I’ll be live streaming my talk from Fairfield, Iowa tonight at 8:30pm ET. Click here to watch online: 
 A two state solution is the only solution.
 While I can’t answer all questions in the space of a tweet, I hope you will look at my Issues Section for clarification of my policy positions. 
America must bring all our policies – domestic, economic and international - back into alignment with our moral core. That alone will heal this country; anything less than that and we will be unable to stave off chaos.
At a time when those with authoritarian tendencies have been emboldened, even in countries traditionally associated with liberal democratic values, it’s urgently important for the people of the world to awaken from our political slumber and take a stand for the values of freedom.
Very disappointed that Benjamin Netanyahu won re-election in Israel. The US should take a morally unequivocal stand for both the legitimate security needs  of Israel AND the dignity, opportunity and human rights of the Palestinians.
We’re getting closer to 65,000 unique donors! 20,975 still to go. (Check  for constant updates.) Please keep working it -  and remember our CNN Town Hall is Sunday night 7pm
We need 21,300 more unique contributors to get onto the DNC debate stage. If you haven’t donated yet, or know someone to call, write or generally nudge, please do it now! 
For this week’s Citizen Campaign call (tomorrow, Wednesday, April 10th at 8:30pm ET) we will be live streaming my talk from Fairfield, Iowa. Click here to watch:  
Appalling that the ruler of Dubai is holding his own daughter hostage. Women’s rights are human rights, and the United States must stand firmly in support of those rights both here and abroad. Spread the word, speak up  
Join me in  this Wednesday 4/10 with Mayor Ed Malloy. RSVP here:  
It is outrageous that every public school in America does not have a well-stocked library. Our schools – and that means all of them, in every neighborhood – should be world class palaces of learning. We must insist on this. 
Only a transformational politics can transform America, by addressing the causes as well as the symptoms of our distress. External remedies alone cannot fix us. The real contest of our… 
 “The master’s tools will never dismantle the master’s house.”
Politics should not be a pursuit disconnected from the heart; it should be, as everything should be, an expression of the heart. 
 
As of this moment, we need 22,950 more unique donations to make it to the DNC debate stage. Please do everything you can to help make it happen! And remember, my CNN presidential Town Hall is next Sunday night April 14th at 7 PM ET. 
Join me in  IA on Wednesday, April 10th with Mayor Ed Malloy. RSVP here:  
We need 24,000 more unique donations to make it onto the DNC debate stage. We’re getting there! Please ask everyone you can for a minimum of $1 to help make it happen. 
 I support it.
Honored to have had Bob Koehler write about the campaign 
The spirit of America... 
Join me for a year in which we talk about things that matter... 
 Thank you
Turning national trauma into transformation:  my appearance on MSNBC Morning Joe today 
 And the assumption is what, exactly...? That the other way is working?
It’s a wonderful thing when a reporter really hears you. Thank you, Daily Kos... 
 7pm ET
 7pmET
Huge news. My CNN Town Hall is scheduled for April 14!
 CNN will host 5 town halls next week with 2020 Democratic candidates:• Kirsten Gillibrand on April 9• Jay Inslee on April 10•…
The first two DNC debates will be in Miami in June and Detroit in July. If you have’t yet done so, please send a minimum $1 donation to help me get the 25,000 more unique donations we need so I can be there. See my campaign video here and spread the word.  
 One presidential candidate will be speaking on how to turn love into a political force tonight at the MU. 
 Not too late at all! We’re getting there! 
Join me in Iowa tonight!  
Spread the fierce love. If this video speaks to you, please donate to Marianne2020 so we can make it to the DNC debate stage 
We need more than small random acts of kindness; we need huge strategized acts of doing the right thing. My new campaign video:  
I’m speaking in Los Angeles tonight on "The Spirit of America" - Please click here to watch via livestream: 
This is our time.  
I am giving a live talk tonight in Los Angeles titled "The Spirit of America." It is also available via livestream at 7:30pm PT/ 10:30pm ET. The video replay will be available immediately following. Please click here to watch. 
Join me tonight in Los Angeles!  
Join me Tuesday evening, April 2, at Iowa State University! Details here:  
 Yes
 We think it’s May 15, but it may be a little bit later…
As of this morning we have about 38,000 unique donors… which means we need 27,000 more. I am scheduled to be on “Morning Joe” on Thursday, and hopefully more mainstream media will follow.… 
As of today, we have 38,000 of the unique donors we need to make it onto the DNC debate stage. We need 27,00 more! Even $1 will do.
I’m speaking in Los Angeles on Monday night, April 1! We will be live streaming this too... details to come... and there will be sign language interpreters, plus we’ll translate into Spanish at the live event via headphones. Head here for more details: 
It's not enough for us to think in terms of being good people; we must think in terms of being a good country... 
 :)
 We need 30,000 more...
My friend had everyone at the table at a family reunion get on their iPhones and help me get to the DNC debate stage. Love that everyone at the table was donating at the same time! So grateful for the energy coming my way ; I hope you feel I’m living up to it 
 
Tonight is the first FEC filing deadline for the presidential campaigns. If you agree with the things my campaign stands for, please take a moment to donate. When you push the “Submit” button, say “Heck yeah!”
 Ouch! Lol
 I blew him off at a party??
 2) “Experienced politicians” led us into Iraq. Experienced politicians led us to where we are. We need political vision more than a political mechanic. The best car mechanic doesn’t necessarily know the road to Boston. FDR said the primary job of the president is moral leadership
 1) Considering those whose political filter got us into the ditch as the only serious contenders for getting us out of the ditch seems silly to me. And if you think 2 terms as a Congressman gives you the "experience" to govern a nation, you don't know what Congressmen do all day.
Be very clear. To such as these, a $270M fine is basically chump change; nothing more than the cost of doing business. The American people should not be fooled into thinking that justice has yet been done here. Pharmaceutical companies should be saving lives, not destroying them. 
A principle of restorative justice is where there's been injustice, justice must be done to mitigate its damage. Wars in both Viet Nam ; Iraq were wrongly waged -- trangression however unintentional against our soldiers as well as others. So USA should now become a wager of peace
 Actually, in this case we should not see it as the norm, or something to be expected. We saw all of the Ken Starr report on Clinton and we should see all of this one too.
"Do not be daunted by the enormity of the world's grief. Do justly, love mercy, walk humbly. You are not obligated to complete the task, but neither are you permitted to abandon it." - The Talmud
 Thank you, Joe. x
Private detention centers at the border, like private prisons, are ways that billions of dollars are made by turning human suffering into a profit center. They even lack the mandatory standards that US prisons must meet.Their very existence is a transgression against our values.
 ACIM says the Holy Spirit speaks to each of us. HS doesn't tell you what I'm supposed to do with my life, nor send you to judge, humiliate or mock me for what i feel to be the calling of my heart. Your trying to pretend that HS or ACIM leads you judge ; attack me is preposterous.
 Oh, okay. So glad you wrote. I wouldn't have known otherwise!
 Wow. So millions of American children living in chronic trauma, their despair simply normalized and basically ignored by our political system -- and those like you -- is a cause that's "worn out?" Woa. That's exactly why I'm running.
Addressed severe challenges facing America's children on MSNBC this morning. Clip and link to interview here: 
I was on Alex Witt on MSNBC this morning 
 Alas, we can't control the FB ads. Re a check: please make it out to Marianne Williamson for President and send it to: Marianne Williamson for President 1787 Tribute Rd, Suite K Sacramento, CA 95815. Thank you!
 I never said any such thing.
 Curious. What would you want me to do?
 I'm on the Alex Witt show on MSNBC tomorrow morning.

Please help us get onto the DNC debate stage! Even $1 donation will do. I need 30,000 more new contributors to make it. Thank you so much... 
 More than halfway now...we have to keep at it!
Only if the Mueller report is released in full, without redactions, will full transparency have occurred. Without that transparency the underlying questions will linger. For the American people to be served, it must be released in full. 
I’m speaking in Los Angeles on Monday night, April 1! 
I'll be in Sacramento, CA on Saturday evening for a town hall event. Please join us and register here: 
 Too much of our military spending is based not on our actual defense needs but on short-term profitability for defense contractors. We need a security strategy aligned with both our needs AND our values. Robust peace-creation, humanitarian efforts will equal our war preparedness
When in Congress, former Congressman Dennis Kucinich championed the creation of a US Dept. Of Peace.Where the State Dept. handles international peace efforts, the Dept of Peace will handle domestic peace issues. Now is the time. Join me in making it happen 
Here is the citizen campaign call about reparations with professor William  Darity and Kirsten Mullen 
A handbook for revolutionary love... 
I’m doing a Town Hall at Unity of Sacramento on Saturday night! 
 Nope. Never said that.
I'm in Orangeburg, South Carolina tonight! Join us: March 28, 2019 5:30 PMThee Matriarch Bed ; Breakfast/Event Venue1170 Fischer Street, Orangeburg 29115 
I'll be in Orangeburg, South Carolina tonight March 28, 2019 at 5:30 PM! Please join us and RSVP:  Address:Thee Matriarch Bed ; Breakfast/Event Venue1170 Fischer Street, Orangeburg 29115
My economic policy is based on one premise: uncap the dreams and unleash the spirit of every American. When people are free to create, unshackled by unnecessary social and economic burdens, unlimited abundance flows forth. THAT is the source of our future peace and prosperity.
 There is a difference between a reasonable National security strategy - which of course includes a strong military! - and one based more on military defense contractor profits than on  efforts to create greater opportunities for peace. What is smart is to look at that.
Check out my Campaign site for a complete articulation of my position on issues: 
For every dollar we spend on peace creation, we spend over $1000 on preparing for war. This is not responsible policy; it is insanity masquerading as seriousness. Delegitimizing the peacemaker is a tool of the warmonger mentality, an unconscious way that humanity destroys itself.
Please ask others to join you in sending $1 to my campaign, so I can garner the 30,000 more unique contributors I need before May 15 to make it into the DNC debate stage 
 That is an absurd delegitimization of very practical ways we can create a more peaceful world.
We must face America’s dark underbelly of a war economy: our national security agenda is based more on corporate profits to be earned from preparing for war than on a robust agenda for creating peace. My candidacy for president highlights this insanity. 
Four factors statistically create peace: Expand economic opportunities for women, increase educational opportunities for children, reduce violence against women, ; diminish human suffering. Yet for every $1 we spend on peace creation we now spend over $1,000 on war preparedness.
We need an economic system that provides economic prosperity 10 years from now; do that but that taking better care of our  10-year-olds today. We need a national defense strategy that plans for peace 25 years from now; do that by proactively waging peace. 
According to the Declaration of Independence, “governments are instituted among men to secure our rights ...to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.” It is not enough that such… 
We are live now with William Darity, Jr. and Kirsten Mullen for my Citizen Campaign Call on Reparations. JOIN here:  

Join us for our conversation now for my Citizen Campaign Call on Reparations:  
I'm live now for my Citizen Campaign Call!: 
Join us for tonight’s call! Head over to  for details 
 It absolutely makes sense. Germany has paid $89B in reparations to Jewish organizations since World War and in 1988 the US gave $20-$22,000 to every surviving prisoner of the Japanese internment camps.
Join us tonight! I am looking forward to discussing reparations with William Darity, Jr. and Kirsten Mullen this Wednesday, March 27 at 6:00 PM in Charleston, South Carolina. RSVP: 
 
Check out my blog here 
Only way to counteract the results of having done some bad things is to do some really good things. That’s why we need to rescue millions of traumatized children, pay reparations for slavery ; create agenda of peace creation. Nothing short of profound love will correct our path.
Lack of universal healthcare Is what happens when yours is a government “of the health insurance companies, by the health insurance companies, and for the health insurance companies.” 
I am looking forward to discussing reparations with William Darity, Jr. and Kirsten Mullen this Wednesday, March 27 at 6:00 PM in Charleston, South Carolina. Please join us for this important discussion! RSVP BELOW: 
Excited to be in conversation with the South of the Broad Democratic Club tonight! Join us at 6:30 pm in Hilton Head, South Carolina and RSVP here: 
Our government exists to serve the people, and the greatest triumph of undemocratic forces is when they succeed at making us forget that. 
I gave a talk at the Bethel AME Church in Georgetown, South Carolina last Sunday 
 I have never said, in any way, that people should not be able to boycott. I don't know who spread that but I never said it. Anyone should be able to boycott if they wish, and I totally opposed the bill that would have said otherwise. The right to boycott is a free speech issue.
I am looking forward to discussing reparations with William Darity, Jr. and Kirsten Mullen this Wednesday, March 27 at 6:00 PM in Charleston, South Carolina. Please join us for this important discussion! RSVP HERE: 
 Well that says it all, doesn’t it...?
I’m in South Carolina campaigning all this week. Head over to  to see the full schedule and RSVP. Please spread the word and I look forward to seeing all of you!  
Join me in Georgetown, South Carolina tonight at 5:30pm! I'll be speaking with the Georgetown Democratic Women's Council and Georgetown Democratic Party. RSVP: March 25, 2019 5:30 PMGeorgetown County Democratic Party149 King Street, Georgetown 29442
 I absolutely support your right to boycott.
 I can’t control what other people project onto me about my values.
 That is simply not correct.
 I totally support your right to boycott!
 Nope.
 You do not believe Israel has the right to exist and I do, so the lines are pretty clear here. For those who do not believe Israel has the right to exist, I’m simply not your candidate. We’re all free to disagree.
 No, not necessarily at all. Gandhi said “politics should be sacred” and I agree with him. It’s very profound when people sit around talking about political issues from a deep and meaningful place. I enjoy it a lot,  no differently than any other conversation that matters.
 That had to do with the amount of letters allowed on a tweet. Having written a bit, I understand the word “because.”
 The global BDS movement is not non-violent.
 I agree with you about that. The fact that I don’t support BDS doesn’t mean I don’t think others should have the right to.
 I said that I do NOT support the government criminalizing it!
 I do not agree that it will stop the occupation; that’s the point. Projecting onto other people that they are immoral scum simply because they do not agree with you should be a shut down technique we all avoid. Taking the low road in the name of taking the high road is ridiculous
 Oooooooh
 I think Obama was correct when he said that.
 I am! Please join the email list at 
 Whuh.. ?
 I’m not sure that everyone does, actually. And I think we need to.
 And your tweet tells me exactly what you’re really after. So at least that’s clear.
 Protesting undemocratic actions on the part of one’s government isn’t “bashing;” its patriotism.
 OK how about this: my Secretary of State will be a world class humanitarian and diplomat, the head of the EPA will be a world class environmentalist, and the director of the Defense Department will not be a military contractor. Better?
 Electing an American president who understands that human rights for the Palestinians deserves support equal to the security of Israel - that would be an excellent beginning.
 i do not in any way feel that I ignore injustice towards the Palestinians. I oppose the occupation and I support a two-state solution. But I believe one of those two states should be israel, and many of the solutions put forward today would deny the right of Israel to exist.
 I do NOT support the government making it illegal.
 That is the point. The situation in South Africa was not the perfect analogy that many try to paint.
 Are you under the impression that BDS is persuading Israel to move towards a two-state solution?
 That is very much a misrepresentation of my views. All humans are created equal, and nothing I have ever felt, said or done has contradicted that. I simply don't feel that the Global BDS movement honors the needs of either Muslim or Jew. Others can disagree, obviously.
I'm looking forward to being in Los Angeles on Monday evening, April 1st at 7pm. Please join me! RSVP HERE:   
 Now now. We have two more election cycles to go before we need to get THAT depressed! 
 We are awakening right now. The open question is whether or not we will harness the political potential of our awakening.
 I do not support BDS.And I too love peace.I too love freedom.And i too love human rights.
 Absolutely I would do your podcast!
Nothing short of a massive awakening on the part of the American people will save our democracy from its slide toward oligarchy. "We will nobly save, or meanly lose, the last best hope of earth." - Abraham Lincoln
Trump's first Sec of State was former CEO of Exon; the head of EPA a former chemical co. exec, before him an oil co. exec; current acting head of Dept of Defense was a 30-yr exec at Boeing. This is not a covert corporate takeover, it's an OVE corporate takeover of the US govt.
No universal healthcare cuz it cuts into profits for health insurance co. ; Big Pharma, no fighting climate change adequately cuz it cuts into profits for fossil fuel companies ; no waging peace cuz it cuts into profits for military contractors. At what point do we get the point?
 If we want to defeat Trump in 2020, the question isn’t “Can Marianne get down and dirty?” The question should be “Can any other candidate get as high and inspiring?” Anyone who thinks we simply need someone “tough enough to defeat Trump” is naïve about the nature of the opponent.
 Thank you. I think it's healthy for our democracy, and for the Democratic party, that there are so many good candidates. And I don't believe any media or establishment entity should appoint themselves gatekeepers to the process. Let the American people hear us all.
 For every black person who appreciates my stance on this, there is at least one white person who does not. I do not see reparations as my "black agenda;" I see it as an American agenda to make America whole. 
Here are my views on reparations, as I expressed them at a New Hampshire Town Hall on WMUR-TV
I will be in Sacramento, CA on Saturday evening March 30th for a Town Hall event. Please join us! Register at the link: 
 Thank you. I still need 35,000 more unique contributors.
 Thank you
 Healthy.
We have about 30,000 unique contributors, so we need 35,000 more . With 6 weeks left to get there, please take it on yourself to get at least 10 people to commit to contributing so I can be on the DNC debate stage. Even $1 will do! We can DO this! 
 Means a lot to me to see you tweeting this, Jeff. Thank you x
The Attorney General giving us a “summary” of Robert Mueller’s findings is like a man saying to his wife, “Honey, let me just give you a summary of where I was last night.” We didn’t wait for two years to hear a “summary,” and it’s particularly concerning given who’s summarizing.
The only way to make peace with your neighbors is to make peace with your neighbors. Check out my issues paper on national security. 
 Does it occur to you that for every black person who thinks it’s a good idea, there’s at least one white person who says it’s a terrible idea?
 Excuse me?
On March 24 Sunday morning at 10AM, I will be in Georgetown, South Carolina speaking at Bethel AME Church’s for Women’s History Month. Please RSVP and spread the word: ADDRESS:417 Broad StreetGeorgetown SC 29440
With John Ladarola on The Young Turks 
I'm in South Carolina starting today, March 23 to 29. Please see the full line-up of events at  RSVP and spread the word to anyone in the area!  
I'm headed to the South Carolina Cornbread Festival today at 3:00PM. See you there! ADDRESS: South Carolina Cornbread Festival (Corner of Main and Elmwood, Columbia)2014 Main Street, Columbia, SC 29201
Join me today, March 23, as I speak with the SC Democratic Party Executive Committee in Columbia, South Carolina at 2:00 PM. RSVP:  Address: Midlands Technical College (NE Campus)151 Powell Road, Columbia 29203
 I agree
 I agree with her.
Please donate at least one dollar to my campaign so I can get to the 65,000 unique contributors and be on the DNC debate stage. 
America’s biggest problem is a moral one. We neglect children at risk, let people go hungry, haven’t faced our racial debts ; are war makers more than peacemakers. The good news though is that once we have faced these things ; committed to making them right, miracles will happen.
You can’t defeat dog whistles; you have to drown them out with the voices of angels. And the angels sing through us. The problem isn’t just that hate is shouting loudly; it’s also that love is speaking too softly. Save the children. Feed the hungry. Insist on justice. Wage peace.
America hides beneath its psychic underbelly, millions of suffering children. When it comes to health, hunger, addiction, education, and safety – we are shirking our responsibilities as a… 
I'll be speaking with the SC Democratic Party Executive Committee in Columbia, South Carolina on Saturday, March 23, 2019 2:00 PM. Looking forward to seeing you there. RSVP:Address: Midlands Technical College (NE Campus)151 Powell Road, Columbia 29203
Thank you, Deepak! 
I am so excited to be in Georgetown, South Carolina this Sunday March 24, 2019 at 10:00 AM! I will be speaking at Bethel AME Church’s for Women’s History Month. Please RSVP and spread the word: ADDRESS:417 Broad StreetGeorgetown SC 29440
Soul force, not brute force, is the key to peace in the Middle East ; everywhere else. Only justice ; brotherhood can forge the path to a sustainable future. Humanity must face the challenge now confronting us: We will learn to love one another or we will not survive the century.
President Trump aligning himself with far Right forces in Israeli politics serves neither the security of the United States nor the security of Israel.
 Huh?
When asked my views on immigration, I let it rip… 
 Thank you, John. I would love that too.
 Thank you! But “a peril,” not “apparel”:)
Thank you, John! 
Here was my Town Hall with WMUR in New Hampshire ... 
I'll be speaking with the SC Democratic Party Executive Committee in Columbia, South Carolina on Saturday, March 23, 2019 2:00 PM. Looking forward to seeing you there. RSVP:Address: Midlands Technical College (NE Campus)151 Powell Road, Columbia 29203
Full Interview with here:  
I'm headed to South Carolina this weekend, starting March 23 to 29. Please see the full line-up of events at  RSVP and spread the word to anyone in the area!  
David beat Goliath by hitting him in the Third Eye. The sociopath is rendered defenseless in the presence of conscience due to the fact that he doesn’t have one. Anyone who thinks what we need is just someone “tough enough to beat Trump” is naïve about the nature of the opponent.
Our national security agenda Is focused almost solely on preparing for war and far too little on waging peace. Peace isn’t the absence of war; war is the absence of peace. Peace derives more than anything else from the amelioration of unnecessary human suffering around the world.
Politics disconnected from wisdom is dangerous. Claiming politics should be turned into a conduit of love is not naive; what’s naïve as to think our species will last another hundred years on this planet if we do not. 
Karma isn’t a philosophical notion irrelevant to modern existence, but rather a simple statement of Cause and Effect. What we do comes back to us and what we withhold is withheld from us, and that’s as true for a nation as for an individual. America’s karma is our responsibility.
Hunger in America is an eminently solvable problem, still in existence only because we haven’t shown the political will to end it. Hungry people are less likely to vote ; people who aren’t hungry are less likely to notice. If elected, not one hungry child will go unnoticed by me.
 Thank you so much, Josh x
 Your description of my life,  and of Frances’ too by the way, could not be further from the truth.
Looking forward to being back in South Carolina this Saturday, March 23, for a week of campaign events! Join us and spread the word: 
 If I'm your first choice, why don't you just say I'm your first choice? (I appreciate that I am, by the way). At what point are women going to say what we want more often than tell ourselves why we can't have it?
A campaign is both exhilarating ; exhausting, but when I stop ; think of every kind word someone has spoken or posted about it, every $ someone has sent to support the campaign, ; every volunteer who has helped, I'm overwhelmed with gratitude. If you are one of them, I thank you.

Join us for a special Citizen Campaign Call conversation on Wednesday March 27, 2019 at 8:30PM EST   
I'm excited to be back in South Carolina this weekend, starting March 23 to 29. Please see the full line-up of events at  and spread the word to anyone in the area!  
If America has a spiritual void, it’s time for us to fill it with the best of who we are... 
Excited to be here! 
VIDEO: Candidate Williamson visits homeless mothers at Nashua shelter via ; 
I’ll be speaking in Los Angeles on Monday, April 1, 7:30 pm. Please join me. 
Looking forward to my town hall discussion at New England College in Henniker on Tuesday, March 19 at 1:30PM!  RSVP here: Address:Simon Center Great Room98 Bridge St Henniker, NH 03242 
 This morning toured Marguerite’s Place, transitional housing for homeless women with children in Nashua.  ca…
Join us in Londonderry, New Hampshire tonight at 7pm! RSVP: Rockingham County Democratic Regional Office2 Litchfield Rd Londonderry, NH 03053

New Hampshire! I'll be in Dover (4PM) and Londonderry (7PM) today, March 18. Please join us and RSVP here:   
Join me today in Nashua at 11:00 am EST! Details here: Address: 35 Railroad Square Nashua, NH 03064Riverwalk Cafe and Music Bar
I'm back in New Hampshire. Join me today in Hancock! March 17, 2019 2:00 PMHancock Town Library25 Main St Hancock, NH 03449
Please join me on Sunday! I will be doing a Town Hall discussion at Keene State College March 17th at 4:00PM. Student Lantern Room (Sponsored by Campus American Democracy Project)229 Main St Keene, NH 03431
Healing won’t happen if somebody doesn’t get honest. Healing won’t happen if somebody doesn’t get real. That’s how healing happens and that is what politics should be... 
To take care of your body, you need to do more than fight sickness; you need to cultivate health. To take care of our world, we need to do more than wage war; we need to wage peace. We need a far more robust State Department ; a US Dept. Of Peace.  
I will be back in New Hampshire starting on Sunday, March 17, through March 19! Please join me. The full schedule of events is on my website   I am looking forward to seeing all of you!  
I will be doing a Town Hall discussion at Keene State College this Sunday, March 17th at 4:00PM. Please join me! Student Lantern Room (Sponsored by Campus American Democracy Project)229 Main St Keene, NH 03431
See you tonight Las Vegas! Join me for tonight's event, March 15 at 5:30PM PST. Event details here: Address: 920 South Commerce Street, Las Vegas, NV 89106 
According to the Boston Globe, we’re  in New Hampshire!
I will be back in New Hampshire March 17, 18 and 19! Please help me spread the word to anyone in the area. The full schedule of events is on my website  I am looking forward to seeing all of you!  
Through the grace of God may the unbearable be made bearable for all the agonized hearts in New Zealand.  Dear God, please bring them peace. Amen.
Looking forward to being in Las Vegas Friday evening, March 15 at 5:30PM PST. Join us and spread the word!  →  
Many thanks to Andrew Yang x 
 You’re the best, Andrew. Thank you. I’m trying ... and your support means a lot!
I will be back in New Hampshire March 17, 18 and 19! Mark your calendars and please help me spread the word to anyone in the area. Full schedule of events is on my website   
Join me in Reno, Nevada tonight, March 14 at 5:30PM pst! RSVP here and please spread the word:Address:Swill Coffee and Wine3366 Lakeside Court Reno, NV 89509
This morning I visited the Nevada State Legislature and went to Children’s Week, a consortium of non-governmental children’s advocacy groups that are addressing the dire need of… 
 2020 Dem candidate Marianne Williamson with a message for CNN on scheduling a town hall with her: 
I'm here in Nevada! Please join me for my full schedule of events:  I'll be in Reno tonight (March 14 at 5:30PM) and in Las Vegas tomorrow (March 15 at 5:30PM)!  
 Two Democratic presidential candidates will be in Northern Nevada, one Thursday and one April 2: 
 Thank you. Yes!
 My book “Healing the Soul of America?” My new one will be coming out next month: “A Politics of Love”
Join me for my first Nevada stop in Carson City. I'll be at the Nevada State Legislative Building March 14th at 9:30am PST. RSVP at the link... See you there! Address:401 S. Carson Street, Room 3100 Carson City, NV 89703
I am live NOW discussing "The Soul of Citizenship" on my Citizen Campaign Call. Join me now:  
It's almost time! Join me for my Citizen Campaign Call tonight at 5:30PM PST. Call details HERE: 
I am looking forward to campaigning in Nevada. Join me in Reno, Nevada tomorrow, March 14 at 5:30PM pst! RSVP here and please spread the word:Address:Swill Coffee and Wine3366 Lakeside Court Reno, NV 89509
I’ll be live with Lisa Garr on KPFK FM at 1:00 PM PT todayListen Live at 
We’re doing our Citizen Campaign Call today at 5:30 PT. Write mariann with any questions you have and I will answer during the call. Go to  
I’ve had a 35 year career in the field of Spirituality. Spirituality is not religion; it is simply the path of the heart. And it has everything to do with politics because the problem with… 
Most advanced nations have grounded their fleet of Boeing Max 8, yet the United States has not. Why? Because the FAA now serves Boeing’s interests before it serves ours. This is how our country works now in situation after situation. I support the Senate move to ground the fleet.
I'm excited to be in Nevada this week! Join me March 14 through March 16 in Carson City, Reno, Las Vegas and Henderson. Please spread the word and join me HERE:  
 I'm so touched too. Thank you!
 Please see all the videos at 
 Given the current circumstances, I wouldn’t risk sending even 10 votes away from the Democrat in 2020. No matter who the Democratic nominee is, I will be all in.
 I need 40,000 more
 We need 40,000 more
 We need 40,000 more
 We need 40,000 more
To my donors:Because of you we have been able to mount a credible campaign, travel around the country, and begin communicating my message of moral and spiritual renewal in American… 
Please donate even a dollar so that I can get the 65,000 contributors I need to be on the DNC debate stage! I really appreciate it 
Join me for my live Citizen Campaign Call this upcoming Wednesday, March 13 at 5:30PM PST. Call details here:  
 That is simply untrue. Here is the issues page from my campaign site 
Here is my interview on the Breakfast Club 
I am headed to Nevada this week!  Join me in Carson City, Reno, Las Vegas and Henderson. RSVP to the events here:  
When a news outlet talks about who’s running in 2020 and doesn’t mention myself ; Andrew Yang, that is literally fake news. And it affects the ethers. Self-appointed gatekeepers describe some as a “long shot/not serious,” creating that impression in order to create the reality.
 
 On Friday, March 15th, CCEA President will join 2020 presidential candidate for an event celebrat…
 Dear Jake, I too am running, and I was the first candidate to bring up the issue.  is my platform. I would appreciate being able to explain my position on your program.
 Thanks. Will do
 What Makes The Political Establishment In DC So Frightened Of Marianne Williamson?  
Headed to Nevada next week! Join me March 14 and 15 in Reno and Las Vegas. Spread the word and RSVP here:  
There is so much I am learning on the campaign trail, so many ways the conversation Is getting deeper and the picture is getting clearer. There is already a stirring in the American heart,… 
Einstein said we wouldn’t solve the problems of the world from the level of thinking we were at when we created them. The political mindset that got us into the ditch is not the one that will get us out of it. 
Gandhi said “politics should be  sacred.” He meant we should approach it from the level of the heart - the reverent, devotional aspects of ourselves. Would we not then take better care of America’s children? Atone for our past mistakes? Wage peace more than we wage war?
Join me for the Citizen Campaign Call on March 13th 
During this year’s Women’s History month, I’ve been thinking less about history made by women who came before us and more about the history we are making now. To women fifty and a hundred… 
I am excited to be in Reno, Nevada next week to campaign on March 14. See the event details HERE:  
Join me in Nevada! I will be heading to Reno and Las Vegas next week for events March 14 and March 15. See the schedule and RSVP here:  Spread the word! 
Coming up in 15 minutes on the Karen Hunter show! 
Listen to my conversation on the WICKED Podcast. Episode 7. 
Join me for campaign events in Nevada on March 14 and March 15! RSVP here: 
 We’ve got the number of states. We’re almost halfway there in terms of individual contributors
Truth emerges from deep within, like a small seed within our consciousness which, if nurtured and sustained, will grow into the biggest tree. A political truth-teller is someone who throws around the seeds; the soul of a citizen is the ground in which it grows.
Front page of "Turn love into a political force"  
Large groups of desperate people should be seen as a national security risk, because desperate people do desperate things. They are more vulnerable to ideological capture by genuinely psychotic forces. 
The American Revolution is an ongoing process. Every generation has to decide between aristocracy and democracy. Now it’s our turn...  
And the children shall lead us...(an extraordinary breakthrough is possible now) 
I’m on tomorrow. Looking forward to it.
 All I know is that if anyone feels moved to run, then they should run. I know something about the kind of calling you have to feel to do it, and I honor anyone who hears it.
 Thank you so much!
 With all due respect, I don’t see how anyone could look at what I’ve done with my life for the last 35 yrs ; say that I dismiss the concerns of oppressed people. If someone felt I didn’t listen deeply enough then I apologize. But that is not an accurate description of my career.
 Maybe if you’ll me exactly what I did that you’re upset about, I can respond. I’ve heard some WOC say I didn’t say what they wanted me to say, and I’ve heard many WOC speak of our deep and profound conversations. There is no monolith in any group, but I’m always open to learn.
The only way we will have economic vibrancy in the future is if we take better care of our children today. 
 Professor William Darity as an example.
 First of all, we absolutely should be talking tax hikes for the very richest. We also need to remember that any money that goes into economically improving peoples lives is money that is actually invested in the economy. It’s an economic stimulus.
 These community members would so not be “random.” There are scholars and leaders who have been doing profound work on this issue for years.
 Thank you. It’s a position where you are bound to be offending someone.
 I understand that. It’s no different then a negotiation over anything else, but I think it’s important that we are getting the conversation to a place where it is being given serious consideration. That is the first step toward creating the political will to do it.
 Once again, that is for members of  to determine. It is reasonable to assume some level of govt. agreement that the plans do support economic and educational renewal, but that is all.
 Paying reparations means paying reparations. That IS the plan.
 If someone donates even one dollar, that counts as an individual contribution. And I need 65,000 individual contributions in order to make it to the DNC debate stage.
 It’s not white America’s role to say how the money is disbursed. That’s why selection of the reparations counsel is so important. The legal stipulation is “projects for economic ; educational renewal.” If you owe people $, you don’t get to tell them how to spend it.
 I’m quite specific. 
 No I'm not.
 I'm not "trying not to offend" anyone.
 Gaza is on the other side of the country from the settlements. These are two completely separate issues.
Many in America either support Israel while minimizing the human rights concerns of Palestinians, or support Palestinians while minimizing legitimate security concerns of Israel. We need a President who deeply appreciates the importance of both. Not either/or, but both/and.
We can question the behavior of Israel without joining forces with those who would destroy it. That is the balance most needed now: to take on the conversation in a way that honors both human rights of Palestinians as well as legitimate security concerns of Israel. Both matter.
 Thank you! I will look
 I appreciate what you’re saying. I also think there is an urgency now unlike at any other time, because consequences of humanity’s wrong decision-making could literally cause disasters on a global scale.
External changes on the level of the issues is important, but it’s not enough; we also need spiritual changes on the level of the heart. One doesn’t preclude  the other. Here is the Issues section from my site: 
 Where are their parents? That’s like a question out of “Leave it to Beaver” - like something out of another century. Their parents are in poverty or near-poverty ; often in jail. Does that mean these children deserve nothing better for their lives? Are they not full citizens too?
 No, I don’t believe we are.
 I invite you to look at my website Issues section. I don’t think you will see more specific policy proposals on the site of any other candidate. 
 I certainly think he would have beaten him in 2016, and if he is the Dem. candidate next year then I will support him wholeheartedly.
Having perpetrated the wars In Vietnam ; Iraq, both of which were catastrophic military misadventures, the US in the 21st-century should be the greatest purveyor of peace. Right now we do more to prepare for war than to wage peace; this will change or more catastrophe lies ahead.
Americans are awakening to the need for our nation to take a deep moral inventory. Then we will address the injustices in our economy, the state of our children, the state of our earth, our moral debts to be paid ; our responsibility to wage peace from a much more powerful place.
 I agree with that wholeheartedly.
A better version of the same old is still the same old same old, inadequate to the task of forging a sustainable future for the 21st-century. Incremental changes will not save us from the consequences of our errors. We need a national commitment to deep moral ; political repair.
 This isn’t about asking a commission of experts. It’s about appointing a council of experts who would decide on how funds are best disbursed to allow for economic ; educational renewal. Obviously it would take much study for them to decide, and their selection would be critical.
 How moving to receive a message like that  from halfway around the world. Thank you.
3) Children are full citizens of the US, with “unalienable rights to life, liberty, ; pursuit of happiness”. Millions of children living in America’s “domestic war zones” cannot pursue happiness, and we should rescue them no less than if they were victims of any other disaster.
2)If someone neglects a child it is considered unethical at best ; criminal at worst. So what is a society that neglects the trauma of millions of American children? This should be seen as a humanitarian crisis, because it is.  It is immoral that we are not helping these children
1) Millions of American children are trapped in schools without adequate school supplies to teach a child to read. If a child can’t read by 8, chances of high school graduation vastly decreased ; chances of incarceration vastly increased. We have simply normalized their despair.
 
 Thank You Carol!
 65,000!
 I don't understand why so many people think no one else gets it. The American people are noble enough; we just haven't been offered a genuinely noble political alternative in a very long time.
 Sad but true...
 Nope. Never happened.
 I'm not running to say what I think people want to hear; I'm running to say what I believe needs to be said. Why don't we give people the option of doing the right thing, and see if they'll vote for it? Maybe they won't, but it still will have impacted the ethers that it was said
 Excellent.
 I'm not a one-issue candidate actually; this is just the issue of mine that has gotten mainstream attention. Please see the Issues section on 
 Uh huh...
 I'm very grateful...
We need an integrative approach to politics just like we have an integrative approach to medicine, realizing that what we do with our minds is as important to our health as what we do to our bodies. America needs to change our hearts as much as we need to change our policies.
 It's really quite something, and why I am trying so hard to get the 65,000 individual contributors so I can make it onto the DNC debate stage. If anyone thought American politics didn't have self-appointed gatekeepers, think again.... 
Corporate greed has not just corrupted America's economic system; it has highjacked our value system. It has turned us into a transactional rather than a relational society, in which selling to one another is given more primacy than loving one another.
We need much more than small random acts of kindness now; we need huge, strategized acts of doing the right thing. Where some have harnessed fear for political purposes, we can harness the power of love.
 Thank you so much, Deepak! xo
Trump looked out and saw a lot of fearful, angry people, and thought, "Wow, we could change the country with that." I look out and see a lot of decent, loving people and think, "Wow, we could change the world with that." Game on.
 Looking fabulous!
Our defense strategy doesn't plan for future peace, but only for future war. Even Donald Rumsfeld said we must learn to wage peace. Peace-creation strategies, domestically and internationally, are much less expensive ; more effective than sole reliance on methods of brute force.
Our economic system doesn't aim for abundance 10 years from now;  it steals from the future by squeezing profits from the present, too little used to provide for future good of workers or environment. For future economic vibrancy, we need do much more for our young people today.
Peace isn't the absence of war; war is the absence of peace. We must do much more to wage peace - by expanding economic opportunities for women and educational opportunities for children around the world, plus doing everything we can to diminish unnecessary human suffering.
 So since we have a lot of military strength, shouldn't we have peace by now? Peace comes from waging peace, not just from preparing for war.
 Uh, that's not me in that picture...
Small random acts of kindness not enough; we need huge strategized acts of doing the right thing. We need a Dept of children ; Youth to address the chronic trauma of millions of American children; reparations; ; a new, robust partnership between peace creation ; war preparedness.
 Thank you so much. I appreciate your words…
Please help me get into the DNC debates! I need 65,000 individual contributors. Please spread the word...  
 Let's make sure is on the  stage with her powerful ideas for change by donating $1.00 (or more)…
 Ridiculous.
 Excuse me...?
I am excited to be speaking at NYU on Wednesday night, March 6 at 5:30pm! Please join me and register for the event HERE: 
Tonight, join me at 7pm CST for my Iowa Black Caucus event in Des Moines. RSVP here: March 3 at 7pmCreative Visions1343 13th Street Des Moines, Iowa 50314
Please join me for my Iowa Black Caucus event tonight, March 3 at 7pm. RSVP:  Address: 1343 13th Street, Des Moines, Iowa 50314 
 Yep
 No, that’s not what the debate is. Medicare4All is possible. Making it more complicated than that is just a ploy; America simply decide where it wants to put its money. Making healthcare universal would actually free a tremendous amount of $ into the economy.
 You tell me!
 
 🙏💗
 Yep. And we need to fix that.
 
If America wants to create the most vibrant economy possible, let’s release our citizens from  anxiety ; stress created by economic uncertainty. Every $ we put into education(including canceling the loans) ; healthcare frees people to greater creativity, happiness ; productivity.
 Lol
Over the years there has been such a deepening despair among people: millions worried what will happen if they get sick, what will happen if one of their children get sick, how they’ll pay for their kids to go to college, how they’ll pay for their college loans. This need not be!
 William Darity and others have done scholarly work on the topic, and would be able to work with the govt on the selection of an appropriate Board of Trustees. Obviously the selection would be an involved process, as the Board would be entrusted with a huge and historic task.
 In Creston I only had 10 minutes ; I was basically just introducing myself. Not sure if the other one was Dennison or Jefferson. I’ve found positive responses to the idea in many all-white audiences, also in New Hampshire and South Carolina.
 I didn’t mention it in Creston, but I did mention it in another small town in Iowa today and it got applause.
America won’t repair itself until we take a deep look at our character defects. From racism to militarism to corporatism, the sinews of our civilization have been corrupted; it’s through our willingness to look at those things open-eyed that we’ll see the changes we need to make.
Such a wonderful time connecting with people in Creston, Iowa today... 
 My seatbelt was on
Today on the campaign trail  Join us for our event in Des Moines tomorrow evening, March 3 at 7pm. Details here:  
This Sunday evening, March 3 at 7pm, please join me for my Iowa Black Caucus event in Des Moines. RSVP here: 
I'm headed to the Donna Reed Theatre in Denison, Iowa. Join us today at 11am CST: Donna Reed Theatre1305 Broadway Denison, Iowa 51442
I'm in Iowa all weekend for campaign events. RSVP for the full schedule March 2 and March 3:  
We only have until EARLY MAY To get the 65,000 individual contributors I need to get onto the DNC debate stage. Even a one dollar donation counts! Please do everything you can to help make it happen. 
Join me for my Town Hall with Greene County Democrats Saturday, March 2 at 2pm CST. You can RSVP here: 
I will be at the Union County Off Year Caucus this Saturday, March 2, at 8am! See you there! RSVP here: Creston Depot100 W Adams St Creston, Iowa, 50801
I am in Carroll, Iowa tonight! Please join me and tonight, March 1 at 7pm for a discussion on poverty and income inequality. RSVP: Carrollton Hotel ; Event Centre1730 Hwy 71 North Carroll, Iowa 51401
I'm back in Iowa for campaign events all weekend, March 1 through March 3. RSVP for the full schedule at  and please spread the word!  
 It's what I've been doing for 35 years. Not sure why you think I'm off in some other universe.
 Wait. Do you think I don't think that? What has a said that makes you think I don't agree??
One of the biggest problems in the US today is that Americans have been mentally trained to expect too little from their government, to feel helpless rather than empowered to change it when the government has let them down. Our biggest opponent is emotional exhaustion. Awaken now
A Dept. of Childhood ; Youth would co-ordinate all efforts - medically, culturally, educationally, nutritionally, artistically - to ensure the U.S. is a wonderful place for a child to live. Today we have millions of children at risk: this needs to radically change ; we can do it.
Our economic system was established when women had little or no voice in the public sphere, ; taking care of children was considered "women's work." Today we do have a voice, ; our first order of business should be ensuring we take better care of children. 
 Our economic system was developed when women had no voice in the public sphere ; taking care of children was considered "women's work." With women's voices empowered, our 1st order of business should be taking better care of kids. Dept. of Childhood ; Youth makes perfect sense.
In order to have a thriving economy ; society 10 years from now, we should take better care of our 10 year olds today. Millions of our children live w/ chronic trauma! That is why, when president, I will establish a cabinet level position called Secretary of Childhood and Youth.
Our economic system has nothing to do with creating economic prosperity ten years from now. It leaches from the present by routing the majority of profits to a small group of people at the expense of most everyone else. This can and must be changed. 
 My "war strategy" is to aim for a world in which war is a mere memory, by making the US a world leader in WAGING PEACE: expanding educational opportunities for children, expanding economic opportunities for women, and ameliorating unnecessary human suffering wherever possible.
 I'm very moved by this tweet. Thank you. If you'd like to communicate with me further, please email mariann
 Many thanks...
 If you don't know what I'm talking about, I might not be your girl. But if you DO know what I'm talking about, I need you to see it as a call to arms and help me make this happen!
 Go to  to see the pieces that are there: ABC Nightline, Washington Post, CNN etc. The problem is the news shows, which are clearly shutting out non-establishment candidates. That's why I need the 65,000 individual contributors to get into the debates!
In order to be on the DNC debate stage in June, I need 65,000 individual contributors. Even $1 will do. Please do this, and ask your friends to do it, so my campaign can override the institutional resistance to genuinely new ideas. 
 Of course we are!
 That's kind of the point!
 Thank you! Please sign up at 
The most important  is the history we are making NOW. This is our time ; we need to use it well -  to genuinely birth a new age of partnership: between male ; female, humanity ; nature, head ; heart. We need to create a new world and not just mimic the old one.
Govt acting as a handmaiden to corporate conglomerates that put short-term profits before people does worse than "not help." It actively harms us, by denying health care, denying education, impoverishing farmers, destroying land, poisoning food, and increasing war. 
At the Progressive Politics panel at the Conscious Life Expo:  
This clip is from my Greater Boston TV interview. Full interview here:  
 I appreciate your sentiment but in my opinion it is too late for us to wait for anything. People with the most regressive thoughts don’t “wait” - they forge ahead! So why don’t we? We don’t have decades to tarry; we could literally lose our democracy, and even our survivability.
I will be in Carroll, Iowa tonight! Please join me and March 1 at 7pm for a discussion on poverty and income inequality. RSVP:  Carrollton Hotel ; Event Centre1730 Hwy 71 North Carroll, Iowa 51401 
Please do everything you can to help me get the 65,000 contributors the DNC demands for inclusion in the debates. Even $1 does it! 
 Change isn’t a threat, and this could bring great possibilities over the next 100 years. But short term, “human devastation” is not too strong an expression for what this could bring into the lives of many people not in a position to take advantage of those great possibilities.
 I agree
 :)
I will be back in Iowa for campaign events from March 1 through March 3. RSVP for the full schedule at  and please spread the word!  
 “...better people?” Who is the elitist here?
Please join me and Friday, March 1 at 7pm for a discussion on poverty and income inequality. RSVP:  Address:Carrollton Hotel ; Event Centre1730 Hwy 71 North Carroll, Iowa 51401 
 I’m game.
 No, I didn't say she shouldn't have said it. I just disagreed with her.
 It's good people are realizing that traditional candidacies are simply a redux of the same old age old...a better version of the same old same old absolutely, but still no fundamental disruption of the aristocracy. The next step is to have the courage to actually break the chain.
 New Post: How best to organize for Iowa Dems' new "Virtual Caucus"? Marianne Williamson will try a "Virtual Iowa Caucus…
 I don't mean to be telling her what not to say! Nor did I.
 Thank you! Please donate so we can get to the 65,000 individual contributors that we need to get into the debates. 
 It's not only what he could not do; it's also what he chose not to do.
That's not t the truth that needs to be spoken, because it's obvious. The truth that needs to be spoken is WHY. A large part of the political establishment - on both sides - doesn't want to name it because of its complicity with the corporate forces that cause the disparity. 
 Okay. I'm putting it back up. That's where I get squeamish because I don't want come across like I'm personalizing the criticism. It's a system, a mindset, that I'm critiquing. People just addressing the symptom without addressing the cause will simply perpetuate the symptoms.
 
 That should be for  leaders, the Board of Trustees or “Reparations Council”, to decide. “Projects of economic and educational renewal” would be the stipulation.
Please join me and Friday, March 1 at 7pm for a discussion on poverty and income inequality. RSVP:  Carrollton Hotel ; Event Centre1730 Hwy 71 North Carroll, Iowa 51401 
Fortune Magazine article about reparations 
 Of course! 
How does a nation heal its soul? It has to stop doing what’s soulless! 
We need a political visionary more than we need a political mechanic. It’s reasonable to assume that that visionary might not emerge from a political system which has proven over the last 40 years that it has no vision.
 I will not forget your words...
At the Progressive Politics panel at the Conscious Life Expo 
 We will post it
 Thank you!
Join me live on my Citizen Campaign Call with now:  
I'm live with now: 
30 min to go! Join my Citizen Campaign Call with Details here:  
This administration represents an unfortunate episode in American history. There’s enough blame to go around ; we don’t have time for that. The challenges that confront us are far too serious ; the possibilities that beckon us are far too glorious to do anything other than rise.
 That’s exactly how I see it
4 hours to go! Call details HERE:  
 A woman of faith understands the crucifixion as well as the resurrection. Understands the slavery in Egypt as well as deliverance to the promised land. Understands what fear will do and how only love will overcome it. Understands the difference between transcendence and denial.
 The next  event is Friday in Carroll with 2020 presidential candidate 
Join me in Iowa for campaign events March 1, March 2 and March 3. See the full schedule and RSVP here: 
 No they wouldn’t.

I believe there’s unlimited potential within everyone. But where there’s constant stress, a chronic need to respond to the most basic needs of survival, people’s creativity ; productivity are diminished. Unleashing the spirit to soar is the key to our economic ; social prosperity
Automation will cause a tsunami of job destruction in the US over the next 10 to 15 years, not only blue-collar but white collar too. The amount of human devastation this will cause, on top of what is already a society riddled with despair, leads me to support Yang’s UBI proposal
 Yes
 Because Germany chose to pay them.
 Just dm’d you
I am excited to have join tomorrow night's live Citizen Campaign Call, February 27th at 5:30pm PST. Details here: 
On tomorrow night's Citizen Campaign call, I will be in conversation with Andrew Yang to discuss his book “The War on Normal People” and the concept of universal basic income. Please join us and spread the word!  
 I think a council a black leaders, carefully chosen by black Americans, should be a Board of Trustees that handles the disbursement. There are scholars who have studied the issue closely, and those with the best ideas regarding projects that promote educational ; economic renewal
 It is not money given by the United States. It is given by France, distributed in the United States because it is to French Holocaust victims now living here.
Big news... My guest on the citizen campaign call tomorrow night will be Andrew Yang. We will discuss the coming economy and the idea of a universal basic income. 
I will be hosting a live Citizen Campaign call tomorrow, February 27th at 5:30pm PST to connect with you from the campaign trail. Please join us and spread the word: 
 No, i was never Obama’s spiritual advisor.
I will be back in Iowa this week for events on March 1, March 2 and March 3. Spread the word and RSVP for the full schedule at   
 No it does not. That is absurdly untrue.
Today is Election Day in NYC. Please support for Public Advocate. She’s an independent watchdog and the kind of woman you want on your team. Click here to find your polling place and VOTE! 
 I will gladly donate.
 I don’t agree with your second sentence but I do agree with your third.
 👍
Many thanks, Howie... 
In my experience, the American people are 1) smarter than the political establishment thinks they are, 2) more noble than the political establishment thinks they are, ; 3) more ready for something entirely new than the political establishment has any idea. 
 It would be a negotiation. The numbers I landed on for now after much reading ;consideration, is more than some would want to give and less than others would want to ask for. The job of the philosopher is to discern the true; the job of the politician is to discern the possible.
 Thanks for asking. I’m reading  Andrew Yang’s book now and  it’s rather shattering. I think I might be getting there. I’m open but I need more time to research all the angles.
Many ask my position on various issues. Please check out the Issues section of my site ... 
 It already does. 
 Of course both matter, but to get into the DNC debates you need 65,000 individual contributors. It doesn’t matter whether someone gave once or three times, they’re still one contributor.
 If more people who don’t like the system had actually voted over the last forty years, those who prop it up wouldn’t have amassed such power. The chronic political disengagement of too many Americans has led to perpetual control by too few.
 You’d think.
The biggest problem with poverty in America is the system that produced it. It’s not enough to simply help those in need; we need to stop helping those who are not in need but just want more anyway. They pay millions to sway elections of people who’ll siphon off billions to them.
I spoke about conscious politics at the Conscious Life Expo... 
 
 The United States does not owe debts which it did not accrue. And paying reparations for slavery would not punish white Americans; quite to the contrary, it would unleash profound blessings on all of us the likes of which only forgiveness can bestow.
 No, not everyone has been wronged with 2 1/2 centuries of slavery followed by another 100 years of institutionalized violence. An educated understanding of history shows that the income gap between blacks ; whites today is a clear legacy of slavery, a continued pattern of racism.
 
 YES!
Castro’s comment was very strong, that we compensate people when their property has been taken - so why wouldn’t we compensate people when they themselves were the property? Excellent and powerful point, though “appointing a commission” can sometimes permanently shelve an issue.
 
 
 No, reparations do not go country to country. This is not about starting a race war; it’s about ending one — a subtle, insidious, underground war between those who are owed compensation and those who owe it. As a Jew, I can tell you that wronged ancestors cry out for justice.
 There are certainly other oppressed communities such as Native Americans, whose issues are equally important. But they are separate situations presenting different challenges. Here I am talking about  
Reparations go beyond closing an economic divide; done well, they close a chapter of American history. They go further than ending an evil, which generations before us did.  It is our job now to make restitution for the evil, in economic terms where the wound still festers.
 I’ve talked about many things. It’s simply that that one got a lot of press attention, unlike some of the others. They are all important. Please see my issues page 
 Thank you, Governor. I want to come! Do you have a specific date or venue in mind?
 Those who put advocacy for short-term profits for multinational corporate conglomerates before advocacy for the American people, our democracy, the people of the world, or the planet on which we live.
 Millions of American children live with chronic trauma. To me, this is a humanitarian crisis and a national emergency. I would create a cabinet level position of Secretary of Children and Youth, ; seek a massive realignment of investment and consciousness in support of our young.
 
 
American people are emotionally exhausted, and do not want another 2-yr psychological civil war. Nor do they need me to tell them who or what Trump is. I plan to tell them instead how wonderful our lives could be ; explain how as a nation we can get there. 
Dems who think all we have to do  is defeat Trump are blinded by their anger. If that’s all we do, the forces he represents will be back in full force in ‘22 ; ‘24. Let’s break the chain entirely, submitting to Americans a compelling vision of a more peaceful and properous future
 
 Yes.
 🙏🏻
 I’m honored. Thank you...
Please join me for a live Citizen Campaign Call this Wednesday, February 27th at 5:30pm PST. Call details here:  
I don’t speak Spanish, but put me   with an interpreter and I’m good to go... 
In order to be included in the DNC debates, I need to have 65,000 individual contributors. Even a one dollar donation counts! Please help make it happen... 
Glad to be talking at NYU on March 6! 
This Friday, March 1, I will be holding a co-event with to discuss "Poverty In America." Spread the word and RSVP: March 1 at 7pmCarrollton Hotel ; Event Centre1730 Hwy 71 NorthCarroll IA 51401
A nation is simply a group of people. As a group we undergo the same internal struggles between fear and love that we do as individuals... 
 No I don’t think all childhood is inherently traumatic. I think there are very specific and unnecessary traumatic factors affecting many children today.
 I never said 10 Billion. Ever.
 👍
 I don’t think it would be white America’s role to figure out where the funds are disbursed; that seems paternalistic to me. A board of trustees or Reparations Council made up of black American leaders would make those decisions for “projects of economic and educational renewal.”
 
I will be back in Iowa for events starting Friday, March 1. RSVP and see the full schedule at the link:  
 Bingo.
Making short term profit maximization for multinational corporations the bottom line of our economic functioning, w/ the US govt as their handmaiden, is a veiled aristocratic system. We repudiated aristocracy in 1776 and we need to repudiate it again. 
Very soon I will begin doing weekly or bi-weekly campaign live-streams. Please make sure you’re signed up on the campaign e-list. 
 Then claim what you really want! It’s my experience that whenever I think other people “probably wouldn’t get it,” they usually already do.
 I have a grasp of the moral issue involved; articulating that is the part I feel is mine to play. I do realize  $100B is way too low. I originally put on my website $200B ; I realize that that should be the minimum even discussed. $500B should not be considered an outrageous idea
 We need to aim higher than just changing the conversation. The status quo perpetuates itself by co-opting disruptive language.
So let’s do a little math here. A matrix of corporate conglomerates stealing billions of dollars from the public treasury doesn’t really have a problem with a candidate saying “Let’s throw a few million to the working people,” because it provides cover. 
Candidates saying they won’t take corporate PAC money is pretty hilarious in the cases where they’re entering the campaign with so much corporate money already in their coffers. Heck, they don’t need any more! 
 Curious which questions...
A presidential candidate talking about lifting up working families without mentioning exactly what pushed them down to begin with is treating the symptom but not naming the cause, setting us up for another symptom. Being experienced at doing that is not the experience we need.
Why a $15 an hour minimum wage is the right thing to do... 
 Thank you! We have fifteen states; need five more.
I will be back in Iowa for events starting March 1. RSVP and see the full schedule at the link: 
Sometimes Love says “No”...
 ...to become president of the United States.
I agree. We need to hire an inspirer...marianne2020.com 
 POLITICS: Presidential hopeful wants return to love, end to ‘moral rot’; ‘Oprah Winfrey Show’ star, top a…
 Lincoln spoke of “the angels of our better nature” and he did pretty well politically, seemed to have some political gravitas and all that.
 We have 200 individual donors in 15 states. Still need 5 more.
 Excuse me...?
Our campaign is already influencing the conversation, but the goal is to do much more than that. Just changing the conversation of itself isn’t going to change America. We need to turn the new conversation into a political force.  
 Amen
 Says a Republican!:)
Please check out the Issues section of my campaign site. Philosophical inquiry does not indicate lack of policy proposals ... 
 Those lines are by Abraham Lincoln! I have been writing about them and talking about them publicly for 30 years. All Americans have been talking about ; writing about them since 1864.
 Excuse me? And you know this because…?
 What are my religious views that you don’t like? That we should love each other?:)
 An adult has the benefit of agency; a child can’t just order up the support they need. We need the political will to provide it. Wraparound services, anti-trauma support, anti-bullying, restorative justice ; conflict resolution etc - such services exist but are underresourced.
A better version of the same old same old is still the same old same old.
Millions of American children live in chronic trauma, many with severe PTSD simply from living in our domestic war zones. This should be seen as a humanitarian crisis ; America’s collective child neglect. As president, I’d have a Children’s Council or even Cabinet level position.
This is not the time for incremental changes or simply small random acts of kindness; it is time for huge strategized act of doing the right thing. On the issue of racial reconciliation… 
The only way to defeat dog whistles Is to drown them out with  angel voices. We need to rise up now not in anger but in song. A reborn world is possible on the other side of the mess we’re in, and if we devote ourselves to it fully then our part in creating it will be made clear.
 I’m not doing any such thing.
 Where there is love, miracles occur naturally. We must love more deeply and miracles will occur.
 I just meant defeat him at the polls.
We're in the midst of a breakdown - emotionally, politically, economically, environmentally. It's like a skidding car; you have to let go and let nature realign it. We all have to enter a deep place within ourselves now, in order to summon the forces that will repair the world.
Adding to already extreme wealth inequality, a massive wave of destruction (white collar ; blue) will hit the job market over next 10-15 yrs due to automation. Every American should read Andrew Yang's "The War on Normal People."We must rethink our entire economic system, quickly.
 I would be glad to! Suggestions for how please? (You can write me at mariann
They never talk about "a plan that would lead to" cutting taxes for the richest Americans, invading a country, etc. Yet it's always "a plan that will lead to" universal health care, "a plan that will lead to" reparations, "a plan that will lead to" anything like justice for all.
"Race-conscious policies" and "some kind of reparations" are like when fossil fuel companies talk about how much they care about the environment. Sometimes we just need to guffaw.
 Sort of...:)
 Huh?
The status quo has a brilliant way of protecting and perpetuating itself; it simply co-opts disruptive language.
 Thank you, Professor. Out of context your comment was used by others to minimize my effort, and I appreciate how you've set the record straight a couple of times now. Indeed I realize my starting number was very low.
Here is the talk about reparations I gave at Harvard Divinity School this past week.Perhaps The Hill and the NYTimes would like to correct their reporting. 
 Saw your email, sent reply. Thank you!
 I would be glad to. Please write to me at mariann
 It's really quite something. Thank you, Heidi.
 I wish it too!
 That’s a legitimate conversation.
 :)
 “Good” campaign plank? That’s exactly the kind of thinking I abhor. How about true? Real? Authentic? Just? Compassionate?
 Yep.
 I would totally be open to federally funded, temporary compensatory measures in certain communities.
 Because I’m reading Andrew Yang’s book “The War on Normal People” right now, I’m actually very concerned.
 It is true that $15 an hour would be too big a leap for some communities to make right away. I would support some compensatory measures in the meantime.
 I have said that anything less than $100 billion would be an insult, but that should be the minimum. I see that. What I’m most concerned with is establishing that it should be done. Darity and others have done the important work on figuring out how much.
 I’m reading Andrew Yang’s book right now. Very eye-opening.
 What we can’t afford is $2T tax cut with 83 cents of every $ to richest individuals ; corporations, only a tiny fraction of which to be reinvested in the economy. What we can’t afford is to remain in denial about the systematic theft from our public treasury into hands of a few.
Medicare 4 All, free 4-yr tuition, $15 hr min, cancellation of most college loan debt shouldn’t be seen as extreme positions in the richest country in the world. We’ve been trained to expect too little, reduced to haggling for things that should be considered everyone’s right.
My campaign is radical? — No, democracy is radical. Love is radical. The American experiment is radical. Repudiating aristocracy  is an ongoing struggle, but we’ve done it before and we will do it again. Of the people. By the people. For the people. 
 I know enough to know that despite many people with such backgrounds as yours, we have the largest wealth inequality since 1929, rampant despair ; a planet in peril. I know enough to know your expertise is not the only kind that matters, or to acquiesce to the thought that it is.
New Hampshire NPR: 
This is from my talk last night at Harvard Divinity School on the role of repentance in national politics. See link in bio. 
Here is the talk I gave last night at Harvard Divinity School on reparations for slavery and the role of repentance in national politics... 
I am speaking in Exeter, New Hampshire tonight! RSVP here: WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 20 at 6:00 pmWater Street Bookstore 125 Water Street, Exeter, New Hampshire 03833
When the Sec of State is the ex CEO of Exxon; when head of the EPA is an ex oil or chemical co exec; when head of the defense Dept. is a former Boeing exec - that is not a covert corporate takeover of the US government; it is an overt corporate takeover of the US government.
I'm appearing in Exeter, New Hampshire tonight. Please join me!WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 20196:00 pm125 Water Street, Exeter, New Hampshire 03833Water Street Bookstore
 You're doing beautifully.
 Huh?
 Thank you. I appreciate that. Please see 
The USA has essentially reverted to an aristocratic system, in which wealth and opportunity are mainly reserved for a very few. We repudiated aristocracy in 1776 and we need to do it again, overthrowing not only a rigged economic system but also the mindset that produces it.
 Who would you want to see disburse the funds?
 If someone would email me at mariann I would love to.
 They don’t know it for fact either. Given that Trump is president, it seems ridiculous to suggest that anyone can predict what is possible.
America must address our political danger. Our gov’t is handmaiden not to democracy but to corporate forces, a system of legalized bribery that leaves millions of people in chronic economic ; social distress and the planet itself in peril. We need a fundamental pattern disruption
 And with the same respect towards you, how do you know that?
DNC rules say that in order for me to get into the debates I will have to have 65,000 unique contributors from 20 states. Please give, even if it’s only two dollars, in order for our campaign to compete. Please spread the word! 
 I will try to follow up on this.
 Especially since things are going so well. Why try to disrupt the pattern when humanity is clearly on the way to such a peaceful, sustainable place. The dominant worldview is so clearly working! No need to add anything new; they GOT this.
Elected politicians are not the only qualified leaders. The best car mechanic isn’t necessarily the best driver, or the one who knows what road you should be driving on. The 21st-century needs a new car and a new road if we are to reach a new destination.
Here is my interview yesterday on Greater Boston 
 Got it.

 I hope you will look at my website. (
This article about our campaign was featured in today’s Washington Post magazine. 
I'll be in Exeter, New Hampshire on Wednesday evening. Please join me and RSVP here: 
Please join the livestream now: 
Join the livestream now for my Harvard Divinity School talk: 
 I respect your opinion. Do not share it, but I respect it.
 According to the Constitution, the qualification for president is to be born here, lived here for 14 years, and 35+years old. They left it to every generation to determine for itself what qualifications it feels are most needed to navigate the times in which they live.
This today in the Washington Post. Healer-in-Chief would not be the worst thing... 
In order to fundamentally dismantle systems of injustice, we need to understand where they come from, how they operate, and what part of ourselves subconsciously conspires. 
Please join me in Exeter, New Hampshire tomorrow evening! Spread the word and RSVP here: 
 Yes
I will be talking at Harvard Divinity School tonight on reparations for slavery and the role of repentance in national politics. The talk will be live-streamed… 
 Please see my site for my positions on issues. 
 We are both a republic and a democracy.
Prosperity and peace do not emerge from sources outside ourselves; they emerge when we unleash the spirit and creativity and genius of human beings.  
The mindset of the current political establishment is like Western medicine before integrative healing shifted the paradigm. It treats only symptoms but doesn’t look at underlying causes. It treats sickness but doesn’t cultivate true health. It waters the leaves but not the roots
 I am 100% pro-choice. I believe abortion is a moral issue, but an issue of private and not public morality. I don’t believe the government should be able to tell anyone what they can or cannot do with their body (beyond the universal injunction against sex with children).
We need to do a whole lot more than simply elevate the conversation; we need to elevate America... 
This is from  my interview with Ebro on Hot 97 radio.  
 Not sure yet, but thank you for asking...
DNC rules say that in order for me to get into the debates I will have to have 65,000 unique contributors from 20 states. Please give, even if it’s only two dollars, in order for our campaign to compete. Please spread the word! 
From today's Town Hall Discussion at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics  I'll be in Northwood, NH tonight at 6pm! Please join me:  
Please join me in Northwood, New Hampshire tonight at 6pm! RSVP: 
I'm continuing to campaign in New Hampshire this week. Please join me for my events. See the schedule here:  
 Please sign my elist at  and we’ll let you know!
This was my interview on Ebro’s Hot 97 Radio  
 "Politics should not be chugging along like an old outdated train... We’re talking about the survival of our planet, t…
This Monday at 10am, I will be doing a Town Hall Discussion at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics. Please join us and spread the word: 
Buy a hat! Wear a hat!   
Tonight at 7:30PM est, I will be speaking in Somersworth, New Hampshire with and Please join us! RSVP: 
 Please tell me more about this. mariann
Join us today at 1pm at the Bookery Manchester - RSVP: 
The way  to have an extraordinary economy 10 years from now is to do much more for our ten year olds today. 
Please join me in Manchester and Somersworth this Sunday:  
I'm in New Hampshire! See my full event schedule here: 
 Why the hell you not tag her?!
 Something interesting: looking back through website stats from this month. Our Marianne Williamson event write-up story…
Welcome Paul Hodes to the Marianne 2020 team! 
The United States, along with the rest of the world, is standing at a fork in the road. One direction leads to a continuation of the track we are on, and the other to a new beginning. The… 
 I hope you will read the entire post. As well as the issues section on 
Andrew Yang’s “The War on Normal People” is rocking my world and I’ve only read two chapters. We need this book. 
Headed to New Hampshire! Join us:  
Right back at you, Andrew. I’ll be reading your book on the plane tonight. 
I will be in Somersworth, New Hampshire for a campaign event with and Please join us Sunday, February 17 at 7:30pm Eastern. RSVP here:  
 ?
I'm looking forward to campaigning in New Hampshire starting this weekend. See the list of cities and 6 public events I'll be holding in the state. RSVP:  
In order to meet the DNC threshold for the candidate debates, I need a huge amount of people to send in two dollars. If your heart says yes, please do...
Your can live your life reacting to circumstances or you can live your life creating a vision. In politics too. Our dominant political conversation lacks inspiration, being based on circumstances but not on the creation of possibility. We can change that. 
This is tragic and deeply concerning. Yet we continue to sell arms to the Saudis, support their war in Yemen ; look the other way while they murder journalists. This is America’s true national emergency - that we’re so willing to sacrifice our values if there is money to be made. 
Gun safety should not be secondary to gun manufacturing profits; gun manufacturing profits should be secondary to gun safety.
 No, I am not just finally noticing.
To the ego mind, either individual or collective, nothing is deemed more dangerous than love. That is why the ego must mock it, minimize it, and seek to vanquish it. And there is actually an internal logic there; for when love prevails, the ego disappears. 
 Would love to. Will you please write me at mariann please?
I will be headed to New Hampshire this weekend to campaign across the state. Visit  (link in bio) to see the full schedule of events. RSVP and spread the word to… 
 Just curious: are you asking all of the other candidates that question?
 So much for believing that people are really good at heart, huh?
 Contac
 Democrat.
This is becoming too blatant. The media should not be the self-appointed gatekeepers, determining for the rest of us who and who should not be considered a serious candidate.  
“First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, and then you win.” 
 I was born and raised in Houston. Please sign the elist at  and we’ll let you know when I’m in Texas
 Cancel. Cancel. We still have the chance to evolve. We must hurry and the hour is late, but it is not the stroke of midnight yet.
Even if they build a wall, in time we will tear it down. 
On February 18, I will be doing a Town Hall Discussion at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics. Please join us and spread the word: 
I will be campaigning in New Hampshire in 3 days. Please go to  to see what cities I'll be visiting. I hope you can join us.  
 Yes, I would like that. Thank you. Could you please write to me at mariann
My first campaign stop in New Hampshire will be in Manchester this Sunday. See event details here: 
Here is my citizen campaign call from earlier this evening. Thanks to all of you who joined in. 
 Thank you!
 Woa. That is seriously twisted. How about this? “A woman who began her career mentoring to gay men going through the catastrophic AIDS crisis learned a lot - with them and from them - about what really matters in life.”
Dumbing down a message to gain more agreement from a greater number of people is not the way to change the world. Going deep, authentic and fierce with your message gets fewer people to agree at first, but exerts a moral force that will multiply its power. Be patient, everyone.:)
I am live now for my first Citizen Campaign call. JOIN ME here:  
I am live now for the first Citizen Campaign call. Join me now: 
Just 25 minutes before I go live on the Citizen Campaign kickoff call. I hope you can join us: 
I will be heading to New Hampshire to campaign this weekend. See the full schedule and RSVP here:  
 
Less than 2 hours to go! Please join me for the first live Citizen Campaign call at 8:30PM Eastern. Access call details here:  
For anyone still wondering why politics matters, THIS is why politics matters. Tens of thousands, many children, have starved in Yemen due to a Saudi war that could not be waged without US support. We must live our values in politics as in everything else. 
 Yep!
 Thank you, Matthew x
Tonight at 8:30PM EST, I am holding my first live Citizen Campaign call. Together we are creating a great American course-correction, and putting our democracy back on track. Please join me for the call. Details and Zoom link: 
 Unlike this President, Rep. demonstrated a capacity to acknowledge pain ; apologize, use the opportunity to learn abt his…
ABC Nightline did a story about our campaign last night 
Please join me for our first live Citizen Campaign call on Wednesday, February 13 at 8:30pm EST. Please find details on how to join here:  
Here is my Nightline coverage last night! 
 I get everything except for the anti-American mental midget part.
 Once again, a mischaracterization of my position.
 No, NOT except the Palestinians. That is a complete mischaracterization of my heart and of my politics.
 Uh, no...
In the last 40 years America has been transformed by an economic worldview that makes unfettered market forces the organizing principle of our society. This worldview lifts up no one but a tiny few. It destroys our democracy and devastates human lives. And it is time to push back
Capitalism shouldn’t be driven only by fiduciary responsibility to stockholders; it should serve a larger array of stakeholders including workers, community and environment. Institutions as well as individuals should have ethics. Corporations as well as people should have a heart
Everywhere I go, I meet people doing the most amazing things. No matter what the problem, there are already people displaying breakthrough possibilities that lie in doing things another… 
Our current politics is too narrow and shallow a container for the the transformative energy necessary to transform our world. It doesn’t address the realities of an amoral economic system, millions of traumatized children,  racial inequities or our need to proactively wage peace
As I travel through SC, Iowa and NH, I’ve been struck by the raw intelligence of people when we drop down into a real and authentic conversation about what is happening in America. Only when we get deeply real can we get deeply healed. 
 He actually didn’t. That’s an urban myth. I would be honored of course if he had, but there’s actually no evidence of his ever having quoted my words
 We live in a Constitutional democratic republic.
 Excuse me...?
Before the introduction of Christianity in the Western world, villages in Europe were filled with women who performed “nature rituals” in their villages and towns. These rituals kept the… 
I look forward to speaking about reparations and the role of national repentance at Harvard Divinity school on Feb.19... 
We don’t have to agree with each other about every issue, and the lifeblood of liberty is that we don’t have to. No one has a monopoly on truth, and sometimes seemingly contradictory views exist side by side, truth gestating while we find higher ground from which to view them.
Potential for world peace lies in the education – particularly spiritual education - of children. Compassion for the other can be laced into the intellectual development of early childhood, creating expanded synapses that lead to peaceful co-existence ; a greater capacity to love
I do not believe, for Israel or the United States or any other country, that brute force is the ultimate key to national security. I believe in the soul force of brotherhood, justice and mercy.  As individuals, and as nations, we must learn to wage peace.
 Deleted only to amend! I just needed three seconds:)
 I respect that you feel that way. I simply feel differently. We don’t always have to agree about everything as long as we disagree with honor and respect.
 I’m not trying to “read my base;” I’m stating what I believe to be true. Otherwise I have neither heart nor spine. Hatred for anyone is bad for everyone, and we should all be able to agree on that.
Racism should not go unchallenged and neither should anti-Semitism go unchallenged. There is a line past which otherwise legitimate criticism of Israeli policies becomes anti-Semitic bile, and  the Congresswoman crossed it. I hope she will retract and restate.
 OK. That’s fair. I’ll edit it to say “criticism.”
Someone must’ve heard us. 
 What does that mean?
 Functional family! Children first. Health and well-being first. Love first.
 The United States is run like a business - but the worst kind. It should be run like a family – the best kind. Children first. Safety and well-being first. Love first.
 Okay. I amend that to “healthy family.”
Our current economic system doesn’t provide for economic success 10 yrs from now; it leeches from the future by sucking out today’s profits, ; for only a few people. To achieve economic abundance 10 years from now, we should be doing a lot more for those who are 10 yrs old today.
I haven’t heard anyone ask Howard Schulz why he doesn’t start with “an entry-level position.” People associate our government with big businessmen and assume they have the skill set to know how to run it. But govt should not be run like a business; it should be run like a family.
 Reparations for slavery is as good for white people as for black people. It’s better for America, because we have to clean up our past before we can have a breakthrough future. We simply owe a debt, that we should acknowledge and pay so that then we can move on.
 I understand your point although I cannot agree with your conclusion. But I hear you...
 Oh please. And they didn’t pick Obama when he first ran for Congress in Chicago.
There are a lot more lovers than haters, in this country ; in the world. The problem is that those who hate, hate with conviction... and harness their hate for political purposes. It’s time for those who love, to love with conviction...and harness our love for political purposes.
 Is the largest wealth inequality since 1929, climate change that threatens our very existence, and millions of children living in chronic trauma your idea of a successful flight?
 Memo: Donald Trump is president (anyone claiming to know who or who does not have a shot must be forgetting that). And believe me, I could sell a lot more books if only I would never mention politics!:)
 I will be 100% supportive of the Democratic nominee. But there’s no “outside politics.” Every American is inside politics if politics is about all of us. A political establishment claiming that lane for themselves, turning average citizens into spectators, is exactly the problem.
It’s healthy for our democracy, and for the Democratic Party, that so many people are running for the nomination. It doesn’t “distract” from one candidate for another to run, unless we take the paternalistic attitude that democracy itself cannot be trusted. Let the voters decide.
 I have not been silent on the matter, and I share your deep concern that government authority has been used to demonize and criminalize  immigration. It is an assault on a basic American value and I abhor it.
 I believe my career experience is as relevant as any politician’s. I, like millions of Americans, do not believe the current political conversation is the only, or even the best, container for the transformative energies now needed to repair the country (Btw I’m your fan, Neera)
Our moral responsibility to take care of the earth…
 I did run, I have served the public, and I am qualified... according to the US Constitution. 
 Politics is not the only way to serve the public
 Oh, they know:)
 Really...? 
Watching Meet the Press today is a kind of surreal experience; I apparently do not exist. That’s not my experience in Iowa, New Hampshire, or South Carolina though! (Gotta love those gatekeepers; they did such a great job last time and all....)
On the Separation of Church and State: Given that I’m speaking about a moral and spiritual awakening in the United States, people sometimes ask me about my position on the separation of… 
Since we won't be able to overturn Citizens United with the current Supreme Court, ; it will take a while before we can have a Constitutional Amendment to provide public funding for federal campaigns, these kinds of state efforts are everything. Look for happenings in your state. 
Keeping our political discussion only on the level of external issues is like using topic ointment to treat stage 4 cancer. Yes, we need a Green New Deal, and we also need to address the spiritual rift between humanity and nature. The earth is not ours to dominate, but to cherish
 Politicians aren't the only "public servants" ; 35 years is pretty "proven." "Transparent in my private life?"What does that mean?? And if you think 2 terms as Congressman is what gives someone qualifications ; substance to be president, I'm not sure you know what Congressmen do.
I'm continuing my campaign in South Carolina this week. Join our events here:  
I am campaigning in South Carolina, starting today. Join our events this week:  
An interesting take, and of course I agree…
Join me for my campaign events in South Carolina, starting tomorrow. RSVP for the full schedule here: 
 The real issue IS the NRA.
 I don’t  agree with that. What we have to do is make a massive stand at the polls! Local, state, and federal. I’m prejudiced of course, but I think Marianne Williamson for President is a good idea. 
 I would be careful with that one. Until we deal with the deeper issues there, then people who can afford it will be able to “make different choices” and people who can’t afford it will be basically     poisoned by toxins ; chemicals that shouldn’t be in the food to begin with.
 We heal in life one “AHA!” at a time. Once you’re open, read the news enough, then google a topic, it’s amazing how much work is already been done in your community or your state. The issue is to take off the blinders! The American people need to stop behaving in a powerless way.
 Don’t think if you elect the right president that that alone will fix this; that’s an old model of politics as spectator sport. New paradigm: every single one of us has to be involved now, because the corporatist agenda has tentacles on local and state levels as well as federal.
 Yep
Whether the issue is guns,  quality of our food, desecration of our earth, lack of healthcare or any where else corporate profits are our new false god, It’s going to take more than someone going to DC to “fight for you” to fix this. It’s going to take full on citizen activation.
Majority of Americans want universal background checks,  want to outlaw the sale of bump stocks ;  want to outlaw the sale of military style rifles to civilians. Yet the will of the people is overridden by the will of the NRA, which puts gun manufacturing profits above all else.
The problem doesn’t lie with the consciousness of the American people; the problem lies with the moral equivocation of a government that is a handmaiden to corporate forces like gun lobbies, oil lobbies, chemical lobbies etc. as opposed to advocates for democracy and the people.
 How does someone else running “dilute” the Democratic power base?
 Yes sir, and look what his policies did to this country.
 Bush was Governor of Texas; was the Iraq war competent policy? You mentioned Reagan being governor of California; was trickle down economics  competent policy?
 So I guess I shouldn’t put you down for a house party?
 We have a sociopathic ; unjust economic system; millions of American children live w/ chronic trauma; systemic racism needs to be addressed; and we focus too much on preparing for war at the expense of efforts to wage peace. None are fun to look at but all are fixable when we do.
 Yes
 That our economic system is sociopathic and unjust, millions of American children live in chronic trauma,  layers of systemic racism must be dismantled, and efforts to prepare for war are crowding out efforts to wage peace.
Some Dems don’t tell people what’s deeply true, not that they don’t know what’s true but cuz they think it will turn people off or scare them if we’re that honest. But that infantilizes people. We have to name the truth to claim the truth, in politics no less than anywhere else.
 Will look into it
 Not.
 Already on it.
 The two most powerful political revolutions  of the 20th century were Mahatma Gandhi’s Indian Independence Movement and Martin Luther King’s Civil Rights movement. Both were non-violent. Nonviolence is not less powerful; it is MORE powerful.
 Lol Then you must not be in it.
 Quite the opposite. Look into the United States in the 1950s. Higher taxes for the richest, and a thriving middle class.
 That’s where you lost me. “The end is inherent in the means.” - Mahatma Gandhi
 No president can go to Washington and get a magic wand to just fix everything; America needs an uprising of  consciousness among all its citizens. I don’t want to go to Washington and fight for you. I want to go to Washington and co-create with you.
 Yes we do, but it needs to be a non-violent political revolution. A revolution of higher consciousness. A revolution of activation and activism. A revolution at the polls. A revolution of love.
 I don’t disagree with your analysis of the problem; I simply disagree with your prescription for the solution. Protections were dismantled, yes, but they can be put back. It won’t happen quickly given that authoritarian corporatism has its tentacles everywhere, but we can begin.
 Yes! Thank you,  and please sign up at 
 I don’t live in a bubble and I do see some of what you describe. But I see as well that there are  many people in America whose wealth does not stem from any work at all, and many who work hard and cannot get a break.
 The idea that the rich are those who work hard and the poor are simply those who do not work hard is a vicious, mean-spirited  stereotype that’s both inaccurate and unworthy of who we are.
 Throughout our history we have pushed back against overreach by unfettered capitalism. Child labor laws, unions, anti-trust laws etc. We can have means of production privately owned yet still have proper regulations and taxation to allow for economic justice.
 With 43% of all Americans struggling to make ends meet for food, transportation, rent ; health care costs, millions working two or three jobs, ; homeless people not included in the statistics, the unemployment rate of itself means little.
 Yes.
 No I don’t. The problem is that modern American capitalism has deviated from its ethical center, given by govt. over the last 40 years too much permission to place bottom line for stockholders before concern for all stakeholders. It needs to course-correct.
 See 
 Unleash spirit of the American people ; they will soar! Repeal tax cuts to the wealthiest, permanentize tax cuts for middle class, make college tuition ; best tech schools available to all,  universal health care, ; cancel ;/or extend college loan debt. Ideas whose time has come.
When Trump says the economy is good, he is describing the situation for those who are in the club. The problem is that not enough people can make it into the club today; they’re trapped by undereducation and economic  injustice, creating an unsustainable trajectory for all of us.
 The separation of Church and State is one of the most enlightened aspects of our Constitution, protecting government from interference by religious authorities ; protecting religious practice from governmental interference. It doesn’t separate gov’t from spiritual ; moral vision!
 I would think more affirmed than offended.
 Please sign up at 
 But I’m running as a Democrat! I don’t think it serves the Democrats when we don’t say what we mean. If all you do is say what you think people are ready to hear, you’re not leading… you’re following. And then you come across sounding disingenuous because you are.
 :)
 Meant Repubs and Dems in general, but i can see where that might not have seemed clear.
 That's not really what I'm saying.  I think she's great. It's not about her; it's about the dominant conversation we're having.
Until we're willing to name the darkness, we won't see the light. Until we're willing to see authoritarian corporatism as economic tyranny, we will continue to be at the effect of it. And until we're willing to call an oligarchy an oligarchy, our democracy will be imperiled.
America is like an alcoholic family; kids know something isn't being said but can't quite put their finger on it. Dad talks ; it's ridiculous. but then mom talks ; it's still a false conversation that doesn't name what's actually happening. Time for us to get real now ; intervene
Join me in Charleston, South Carolina this Saturday. RSVP: 
 Of course not! But “it takes heart, mind, soul, ; more than a pound of flesh” to run a farm too, or to write a great novel, or to do a lot of things. Big businesspeople don’t deserve more gov’t help  than do any other hardworking people. They add no more ; should receive no more.
The greed of multinat’l corporate entities have been justified on the basis that people who run such companies are wiser, smarter, ; have the best interest of the country at heart. Once enough of us know to appropriately guffaw at such an outrageous idea, change will come quickly
 If you look at the issues section of my website at  you will see that I have no dearth of specific policy positions.
 Hardly. I have spoken about this repeatedly. There was no immigration crisis at the border except for that which was created by the president and his administration for political purposes. The wall is part of that. 
Standing for economic fairness in America doesn’t mean you’re anti-rich, anti-wealth creation, or anti-capitalist. It simply means you’ve awakened to the 40 year old propaganda that’s been used to justify a massive theft from the public treasury on the part of just a few people.
On the "Meaningful Conversations" podcast with the glorious Maria Shriver. 
 No, it's not hard earned cash. It's blood money.
 Please see my Issues section at  Hard to go into policy detail on twitter...
 Really? Please see 
We could call this karma, but then we might be called naive. So how about this: any sane person would realize that if you do something completely immoral (selling arms to the Saudis while they're killing people in Yemin) then it will probably come back at you in unintended ways? 
A 21st Century mindset is as different from the 20th as the 20th was from the 19th. It's less about mechanics and more about consciousness, and -- if we're to survive it - less about power and more about love. A 20th C. mindset got us into the ditch; it will not get us out of it.
To those who think no one is "qualified" to be president unless they're a politician: if you think a couple of terms as a Congressman makes you qualified, then you don't know what a Congressman does. A 21st Century president needs to be more of a visionary than a manager. 
Until we address America's underlying rot  -- systemic economic injustice, neglect of millions of children, racial debt to be paid, our habit of brute force -- we will not fundamentally change. It's not sophisticated, but rather naive, to think external remedies alone can fix us.
I’m headed to South Carolina to campaign this week. Here’s my schedule there: 
From my talk yesterday at Prairie Lights bookstore in Iowa City, Iowa 
“I know nothing in the world that has as much power as a word. Sometimes I write one, and I look at it until it begins to shine.” Emily Dickinson 
 Please see 
 I’ve been talking about it and writing about it for over 20 years, decades before I ever ran for office.
If we want to elevate America, we need to do a lot more than  “elevate the conversation.” Women have been subconsciously trained in our society to cap any expectation of actual power, for ourselves or for other women - unless the status quo approves, of course. 
Saying only a traditional politician can lead the country is like saying only an allopathic doctor can heal our bodies. In fact, nutritionists, acupuncturists, therapists and other wellness professionals often do more to cultivate health. We need an integrative model of politics.
 The campaign website proves such observations inaccurate... 
 Please see 
 Yes! But when it comes to the state of our economy and our planet, in too many ways it was not...
On Al Sharpton today... 
The conversation that prevails within our politics is so  disconnected from our deep humanity that what should uplift us instead dispirits us. We have to change the conversation before we can change the country. Calling all philosophers, healers, artists - your country needs you!
Just tweaking things on the outside will not be enough to repair this country. It’s not enough to water the leaves, we have to water the roots of our democracy. The best car mechanic doesn’t  necessarily know what road will take you to your destination.
America has forgotten its mission statement. We’ve lost sight of our core reason for being, the highest aspirations of democracy ; deep human values that matter most. That’s the causal level of our dysfunction ; someone who knows how to address that is the most qualified to lead.
 That’s in a poem I quote st the opening of my book “Tears to Triumph.”
 See 
 There's consciously chosen timing, and then there's timing that arises from alignment with the deeper rhythm of audaciously spoken, fierce and authentic truth. The former is so old and stale. And it has gotten us nowhere.
 Why do Dems so often feel they can't say what they really mean?This only makes us appear disingenuous, which in such cases is what we're being. Twisting your language to suit what you think others want to hear doesn't work. If people don't like it, have some spine ; say it again!
Article about my candidacy in Iowa Starting Line... 
 Tho politics can be a dirty business, it’s nothing compared to how dirty this world will become if we don’t fundamentally disrupt the pattern of our political dysfunction. I’ve been working  in the transformational field  for 35 years; glad to now focus on transforming politics.
I will be a guest on Al Sharpton’s “Politics Nation” on MSNBC today at 5pm ET.
 There is nothing I’m talking about in this campaign that violates the Separation of Church and State. Public morality, values and ethics are not religious dogma or doctrine. And I look forward to coming back to Detroit!
 The Taliban’s violently oppressive attitude toward women isn’t something we can change, but we should be led by a president whose concern for the well-being of Afghani women is a major factor in determining our policies there. We should always bear witness to the agony of others.
 Democrat!
 Please see the National Security section at  “How do we pay for it?” is a question we’re never to ask about a $2 trillion tax cut that is a giveaway to the very wealthiest, or $2 trillion war that turns out to be the worst blunder in foreign policy history.
Yesterday’s thinking will only produce more days like yesterday.
Our national security policies should be based more on efforts to wage peace than on efforts to prepare for war. Peace is not the absence of war; war is the absence of peace.
Our Afghanistan policy should be based as much on listening to the women of Afghanistan as on listening to foreign policy or military experts. It is they who will suffer most from a Taliban takeover of the country.
Our economic policies should be based on listening to elementary school teachers as much as on listening to economists. The way to have a vibrant economy 15 years from now is to take better care of our children today.
 
 Thank you! Please go to 
We’ve developed a political system so disconnected from the heart, so based in economics but devoid of love, that it creates a perilous split between collective decisions and our deep humanity. This is dysfunctional, pathological ; destructive to the future prospects of humanity.
Where fear has been harnessed for political purposes our task is to harness love. This isn’t a flowery concept, it’s a political reality. We can’t defeat darkness but we can overcome it; we can’t stop dog whistles, but we  can drown them out with the voices of our better angels.
“What makes you qualified!?” ... 
My interview with John Berman on CNN this week 
 A council of African-Americans leaders would disburse the money as they see fit to projects of economic and educational renewal. I am reading up and listening to those who have been putting forth ideas about this for years.
 Please see 
 👍

 I do not support the sanctions.
 Among many lawsuits filed by Native tribes, the USA should seek to do justice where justice has been withheld for centuries.  And the Black Hills of South Dakota should be returned to the Sioux as per a treaty we signed in 1863. The way to free the future is to clean up the past.
People think politics is so ugly, and part of it is. But there is something else there too, when we allow it to unfold. Something noble and very meaningful. As someone who has been… 
 I not only did not get run out - I got applause.
Article in today’s Des Moines Register 
 Thank you! Please see 
 No sound for the first two minutes or so.
Here is my interview with the Des Moines Register today (sound begins two minutes in) 
Join us for tonight's kickoff event in Iowa: 
 So the Declaration of Independence…?
Here is my interview with John Berman CNN this morning: 
 Not what I said.
 Never ever did I say that.
 I hope you will read the issues section at 
 With all respect, I think we should elect someone president who has a long history of addressing patterns of human dysfunction and how those patterns express themselves in ways that wreak havoc on human existence. That's what is truly going on in our country, writ large.
 You're right. It's not an entry level position. Only someone who has had, say, a 35 year career addressing and dismantling systems of human dysfunction should even think about running.
Nothing short of a moral and spiritual awakening in this country is going to fundamentally disrupt the patterns of our dysfunction. Moral rot leads to political corruption which then leads to human devastation. Only when we face that can we heal.  
Traditional politics is old-think ; its purveyors project onto a whole person approach something weird, fringe, unqualified. In fact, what’s weird, fringe ; unqualified is a conversation that remains on the level of the externals ; doesn’t address deeper causes of our problems.
 Be glad to. Please see my website at 
 Good! It's called democracy. I think it's healthy for the country ; for the Democratic party, that so many people are running. I'm not running against anyone; I'm running with everyone. This is an all hands on deck moment and anyone with good ideas should be putting them forward.
it's an idea whose time has come... 
 Have you ever said that about a man, ever?
 So I guess I won't put your down for a house party.
 Really...? You think risking total and complete humiliation is a promise of future money? I suppose that would be legal, but it certainly isn't logical.
 True.
 Yes, I ran for Congress and lost. As did Barack Obama and several others. Running and losing isn't something to be ashamed of, as long as you showed up, tried, and lost with dignity. I feel I did.
 Just to be clear: people who "grab cash" by collecting campaign contributions then go to jail. Not my goal here.
 This is so very wrong. It is an example of what happens when ethics is sacrificed at the altar of power, when we lead with the worst of who we are instead of the best of who we are. Moral rot leads to political corruption leads to human devastation...until we course-correct.
My announcement speech, for those who have not seen it... 
I'll be interviewed Thursday morning 1/31 by John Berman on CNN. Looking forward to it.  
 Thank you!!
 Please do! 

With both domestic ; international policies, our problems are symptoms of deeper causes. Until the average American has a deeper understanding of historical ; economic dynamics that have led us to where we are, the problems will always be with us.  
 “You have zero business being here” - whether coming from someone on the Left or on the Right - is the very thought that is the core of the problem in America today. All of us have the right to be here, and all of us have the right to run for office.
A healthy, free economy is about more than numbers. It is about more than things. It is about more than goods. It is about us.An unconscious capitalism – freed from government… 
When I talk about the underbelly of America’s millions of chronically traumatized children, or the sociopathic nature of our economic system, or our systemic racism, or America’s… 
 I am very serious. I hope you will look at my website 

Check out my campaign website at 
Join the evolution.   
JOIN THE LIVESTREAM HERE: 
It’s almost here. Join us for our livestream tonight at   
Using GDP as a measurement of our success as a society is an outmoded way of thinking. How much does it help that unemployment is low, if depression, opioid addiction, and suicide rate are still high? We need a complete reframing of what our problems are and how to address them.
“As our case is new, so we must think anew, and act anew. We must disenthrall ourselves, and then we shall save our country.” - Abraham Lincoln, Second Inaugural Address
Join me tonight as I formally announce my candidacy for the Democratic nomination for president. Live in Los Angeles, the Saban Theatre 8440 Wilshire Blvd. 7:30PM, or livestream at 
We need to do more than water the leaves of our democracy, we need to water the roots. Not just our external but also our internal infrastructure is in need of repair. Politics focusing only on external change is a 20th Century model incapable of providing 21st Century solutions.
