 Jill and I send our heartfelt condolences to the entire Graves family. As the founder of Black Enterprise, Earl Graves Sr. was a trailblazer in his own right, a leader in the American business community, and paved the way for many Black entrepreneurs to realize their dreams.
On  we thank the tireless health care workers fighting COVID-19, and we see clearly why protecting the health of Americans requires U.S. global leadership—to coordinate an international response, strengthen health systems everywhere, and prevent the next pandemic.
Secretary Modly's resignation is appropriate and called for. His disparaging remarks were far beneath the dignity of the office he held. Our sailors, our nation, and Captain Crozier deserve better. 
What do Fig Newtons and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches have in common? Listen to this preview of this week's podcast to find out — and then check out the full episode at  or wherever you get your podcasts. 
Congressman John Lewis is a moral giant who has spent his entire life pushing our nation to live up to our highest ideals. I'm honored to call him a friend — and grateful to have him by my side in this battle for the soul of our nation. 
We're going to get through this. Together. 
For months, I called on President Trump to step up and take the action necessary to combat COVID-19.But week after week, he downplayed the threat it posed, misled the American people, and failed to act.Take a look: 
Judy, from itsJudysLife, asked an important question during our Family Town Hall on COVID-19: What extra precautions should expectant mothers be taking at this time?Listen to what former U.S. Surgeon General Dr. Vivek Murthy had to say: 
We need a president who actually listens to the experts and heeds their advice. 
Mr. President, I hope we can gather in Milwaukee, but that is going to depend on you stepping up and doing what needs to be done to handle this pandemic. I have laid out how you can do that:  Happy to discuss anytime. 
Folks, our second episode of Here’s the Deal is live! This week, joins me for a discussion on COVID-19, President Trump’s personal attacks, and the importance of bipartisanship to deliver results.Listen at  or wherever you get your podcasts.
It is close to criminal the way they’re dealing with Captain Crozier. He spoke up to protect his sailors — he should have a commendation, not be fired. 
During our Family Town Hall on COVID-19, I was asked what we can do to prevent this from happening again. Here’s where I'd start: 
 If you'd rather watch something else, watch our Kids and Families Town Hall instead:  
During these uncertain times, getting the right information out there is so important.Myself and had the opportunity to host a conversation about COVID-19 with 3 family vloggers: ItsJudysLife, J House Vlogs and The Curly Coopers. Tune in now: 
These health care workers — and all those on the front lines of this fight — are American heroes. 
Every day that Donald Trump refuses to use the full power of the Defense Production Act further threatens American lives.
We all want to protect our families — the first step is arming ourselves with the facts. and I hosted a town hall on COVID-19 with three family YouTubers: ItsJudysLife, J House Vlogs and The Curly Coopers. Tune in tonight at 7PM EDT:  
We are at war with this virus — and the health care workers on the front lines are our soldiers. It is unacceptable that they don’t have the lifesaving masks, gowns, and protective gear they need. 
Out of every crisis, America has always emerged stronger — and we will again. We will not be defeated. 
Donald Trump needs to reopen Obamacare enrollment immediately. This is no time to put pettiness and ideology above helping those who are in the greatest need.Lives are at stake. 
Jill and I had the pleasure of hosting a town hall with family vloggers ItsJudysLife, The Curly Coopers, and JHouse Vlogs where we answered their questions about the COVID-19 outbreak.Tune in to the premiere on Sunday at 7PM ET:  
Donald Trump is not responsible for the coronavirus, but he is responsible for failing to prepare our nation to respond to it.
We owe so much to those working around the clock to keep our country running during this crisis. The least we can do is provide the pay, benefits, and protections they need and deserve. 
We need a Supply Commander to step up and take charge and get the doctors, nurses, health care workers, first responders, firefighters, and cops the equipment they need to protect themselves and save lives. 
In January, while Donald Trump was downplaying COVID-19, I wrote an op-ed calling for immediate action to combat the growing threat.In it, I also said Trump was the worst possible leader to deal with a public health crisis.I stand by that statement. 
Throughout the campaign, I’ve talked a lot about the soul of our nation — we’re seeing that soul on full display. There’s so much good happening — people reaching out to one another, neighbors helping neighbors, caring for those in need. It makes me so proud to be an American. 
My friend, knows what it takes to persevere in the face of uncertainty. Take a few minutes to read these powerful words from her on how we can get through this — together. 
This is a headline every American should see: “Trump administration ended pandemic early-warning program to detect coronaviruses”Donald Trump’s shortsighted actions left our nation ill-prepared to deal with this outbreak. 
Those are the kinds of questions Trump will be responsible for. He doesn’t have a great record when it comes to delivering on promises, but I hope this time is different. Being president is about taking responsibility. The blame game won’t cut it. Too many lives are at stake.
The CARES Act provides money to help working people—how do we make sure it gets to them as quickly as possible? There’s money for major corporations—how do we make sure that there is rigorous oversight to ensure it is used to help workers and not enrich top executives?
I’ve done this work before. It’s hard, painstaking work. I was in charge of administering the $800 billion Recovery Act — so I understand that the devil is in the details. It’s about follow-through.
I’ve put together a checklist for making the economic relief and recovery effort work for families, workers, and small businesses. I encourage President Trump to adopt any and all of the ideas. 
Families across the country are impacted by COVID-19—and it can be especially difficult to explain to children. Jill and I spoke with ItsJudysLife, JHouseVlogs and The Curly Coopers to answer their questions about the crisis. Tune in on Sunday at 7PM ET:  
Captain Crozier was faithful to his duty—both to his sailors and his country. Navy leadership sent a chilling message about speaking truth to power. The poor judgment here belongs to the Trump Admin, not a courageous officer trying to protect his sailors. 
This is another clear warning sign that more needs to be done to keep as many people on payroll as possible. Fast, bold action to bolster American workers now will save more pain later. Congress must get to work immediately on the next package. We can't afford to waste time. 
Now more than ever, we need to choose hope over fear. We will beat COVID-19. We will overcome this. Together.
Wisconsin — you have until 5 PM CT tonight to request your mail-in absentee ballot ahead of next week’s primary. Head to  to request yours today. 
The evidence is clear: Donald Trump ignored the warnings. He failed to act. And now Americans are paying the price. 
Real courage is confronting something that you're afraid to do and doing it anyway. That’s what people across this country are doing every single day in the face of this crisis. They are American heroes. 
In order for our government to work for all Americans, it's important it be representative of all Americans. With openly LGBTQ individuals only making up .17% of elected officials, we have work to do.This National  Day, I'm asking: Will you run? 
I'm about to roll out my plan to make the economic recovery work. Tune in now: 
My heart goes out to the millions of Americans who filed unemployment claims in recent weeks, and the millions more who worry what next week holds for them.Donald Trump needs to take action to ensure Americans receive the economic relief they need as soon as possible. 
I know many folks are feeling anxious and worried. I just want you to know that you're not alone. Americans in every corner of the country are feeling the same exact way you are. We may be physically apart, but we are all in this together — and we will overcome this. I promise.
Our health care workers on the front lines of this fight still don’t have the masks, gowns, and other protective equipment they need. It’s unacceptable.Add your name to demand Donald Trump use his full authority to deliver these lifesaving supplies: 
The economic damage from this public health crisis is both rising and deepening at an alarming rate. It is putting working families and the American middle class through unimaginable financial pain — and they need to be made whole as fast as possible. 
It's now April, and:- States still don't have enough tests- Hospitals still don't have enough ventilators- Health care workers still don't have enough masksDonald Trump needs to use all available authorities immediately to solve these shortages.
At a time when Americans might need health care the most, the Trump Administration is preventing people who need insurance from getting it. Their cruelty truly knows no bounds. 
Amigos, ¡es el Día del Censo! Solo toma unos minutos completar el Censo, pero ayudará a determinar el futuro de su comunidad para la próxima década. Visite  para que lo cuenten hoy.
This callous decision will cost lives. Period. 
Folks, it’s Census Day! The Census only takes a few minutes to complete but will help determine the future of your community for the next decade. Head to  to get counted today.
It is a national disgrace that our health care workers still don't have the protective equipment they need.
Thank you to the governors who are meeting this moment with decisive action, a steady hand, and compassionate leadership. Thank you for stepping up when President Trump has not.
The words of a president matter. 
We’re in the middle of a global pandemic, and the Trump Administration is preventing people from getting health care.I can’t believe this needs to be said, but President Trump needs to reopen Obamacare enrollment, and he needs to do it now. Lives are at stake. 
Hoy, al honrar la vida y el legado del activista César Chávez, también agradecemos a los más de 2 millones de trabajadores agrícolas que están en primera línea, trabajando para mantener a los estadounidenses alimentados y sanos durante esta pandemia. 
Today as we honor the life and legacy of civil rights and labor movement activist, César Chávez, we also thank the more than 2 million farmworkers who are on the frontlines, working to keep Americans fed and healthy during this pandemic. 
Tonight marks our biggest public end-of-quarter deadline of the campaign so far. I know times are tough, but what’s at stake in this election has never been clearer. If you could chip in to help us reach our goal, I would really appreciate it: 
It's 2020 — it’s unacceptable that women still don’t get equal pay for equal work. Let’s close the gender pay gap and end  once and for all. 
In the midst of a pandemic, the Trump Administration chose to expend effort to attempt to disestablish the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe’s reservation.  and with all of Indian Country. 
Today and every day, and I are proud to stand with the trans community. We see you, we support you, and we will continue to do everything we can to ensure you are affirmed and accepted just as you are. 
As president, I would never send an American soldier anywhere in the world without the equipment and protection they need. We should not do any less for the heroes on the front lines of the battle we’re in now. 
I'm confident that the American people will meet this moment. There’s never been a challenge we've been unable to overcome if we do it together.
We have to place a temporary ban on evictions nationwide. No one should be forced out of their home in the middle of a pandemic.
In order to combat COVID-19, we need both a decisive public health response and a decisive economic response. I’ve laid out exactly what I would do if I were president during this crisis, take a look: 
Our health care workers are putting their lives on the line every day, and our president is accusing them of stealing lifesaving supplies. It's time for Donald Trump to do his job, so our heroes are able to do theirs. Lives are at stake. 
This is unconscionable. Americans are already afraid of the impact the deadly COVID-19 pandemic is having on their lives — they don't need the added stress of losing their health insurance. Drop the lawsuit. 
I know these are confusing and scary times, so for the first episode of our new podcast I sat down with Ron Klain, former White House Ebola Response Coordinator, to help provide some clarity around COVID-19.Listen at  or wherever you get your podcasts. 
The medical professionals on the front lines of this crisis are American heroes — risking their lives in order to save others. We owe them more than we could ever repay, but we can start by ensuring they have the protective equipment they need to stay safe. 
President Trump should be using the Defense Production Act to get our first responders and health care providers the masks, gowns, and protective equipment they need. This is a matter of life and death. 
The American people are generous, decent, good, and fair. In times of crisis, we come together as one. We look out for our neighbors and lend a hand to those in need. We will get through this, together. I promise.
Not a joke, folks, we just launched our new podcast. It’s called "Here's the Deal." For our first episode, I sat down with Ron Klain, former White House Ebola Response Coordinator, for a discussion on COVID-19.Listen at  or wherever you get your podcasts.
I am issuing this challenge to the President: in the next 48 hours, direct the production and distribution of respirator masks, gloves, protective face shields and gowns to fill every supply request made by a governor to the federal government. Lives are at stake.
We will overcome this — together.
As president, I will always choose hope over fear, unity over division, truth over lies, and science over fiction.
It's hard to read this story and not conclude one thing: The Trump Administration failed the American people. 
Instacart needs to step up and give their workers the protections and pay they need and deserve. Now. 
Dreamers are Americans. We should never endanger or throw into question their ability to contribute to our nation, but to do so in a moment of national crisis is beyond misguided. 
The folks working to keep our country running are true heroes — and we need to ensure they have the protections, accommodations, and benefits they need and deserve. We couldn't get through this without them. 
Donald Trump’s ego will cost lives. 
Losing a loved one is incredibly difficult, but it’s even harder when you’re not able to be with them in their final moments — and that’s what’s happening around the country because of the coronavirus. It’s heartbreaking, and I’m keeping everyone affected in my prayers. 
The Administration promised millions of tests by mid-March. But it's not happening fast enough. Where are the tests, Mr. President? 
Mr. President, this isn’t about you, it’s about the health of the American people. Stop making everything personal.You are the president of all 50 states — not just the ones that voted for you or that have governors who “treat you right.” It’s time you acted like it. 
Let me be clear: No one should have to pay for coronavirus testing or treatment.
Last night, the great Rev. Joseph E. Lowery passed away, leaving an indelible mark on our country's history towards progress. He never once wavered in his spirit and in the resolve to end injustice — wherever he saw it. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family. 
I just wrapped up tonight’s CNN town hall, where we discussed COVID-19 and how we move forward. I know times are tough, but the stakes in this election have never been higher. If you could chip in a few dollars I would really appreciate it. 
You can't deal with the economic crisis until you deal with the public health crisis. It's a false choice. 
 CNN to host town hall with Joe Biden on the coronavirus  
In response to the economic impact of COVID-19, we need to provide immediate relief to those who are drowning in student debt. 
Join me and the hardworking folks on the frontlines of the COVID-19 outbreak for a virtual round table. Tune in now: 
This afternoon, I’ll be sitting down for a conversation with nurses, firefighters, and emergency medical technicians on the front lines of the fight against COVID-19. Tune in at 4:15 ET to join us: 
Patients need ventilators.Nurses need equipment.And Donald Trump is attacking people who dare to do something about it. I thank God every day for people like who are doing the work he won’t. 
The coronavirus is not Donald Trump's fault, but his inept response is.He ignored the warnings for months, downplayed the threat it posed, and failed to take the action needed to combat the outbreak.It's one of the greatest failures of presidential leadership in our history.
It’s never a matter of if another pandemic will happen, it’s just a matter of when — and it’s the president’s job to ensure we’re ready.Donald Trump's careless, shortsighted actions left our nation ill-prepared and now Americans are paying the price. 
The relief bill passed by Congress was a good start, but now we need to:- Forgive at least $10,000 of student loan debt per person- Provide emergency paid sick leave to everyone who needs it- Ensure no one has to pay for COVID-19 treatment or an eventual vaccine
The American people are incredible. Across the country, folks are pulling together, helping one another, and doing what needs to be done to stop the spread. I'm so darn proud to be an American. 
President Trump is not responsible for the coronavirus, but he bears full responsibility for the slow and uncoordinated response. The harsh reality is that at least 3 million people now don’t have jobs because he didn’t do his job when it mattered. 
Thank you to the first responders, health care providers, grocery and retail workers, and everyone on the front lines of this fight. Your hard work is what makes America run every single day — but especially in times of crisis. We truly couldn't get through this without you. 
The Trump Administration misled the American people. 
We've gotta act now to keep the doors open for small businesses on Main Street.It's simple: The government provides the guarantees; the banks have to move the loans out fast.If they won't, we need a financial version of the Defense Production Act to make it happen. 
If I were President, here's what I would do right now:- Use all available authorities to turn the tide on this epidemic- Launch a task force to ensure money rapidly gets to people who need it- Bring leaders of Congress together to build the next deal 
 We’re building a diverse coalition of supporters. Whether you’ve been with us from the start or you’re just joining…
Live from our homes to yours. Looking forward to tonight, 
It's hard to believe this has to be said, but if I'm elected president, I will always lead the way with science. I will listen to the experts and heed their advice. I will do the opposite of what we’re seeing Donald Trump do every day.
Across the country, ordinary people are stepping up and doing extraordinary things — folks like Isaac and Stephanie, who are creating supplies for their local hospitals. Stories like this one make me so proud to be an American. We will overcome this challenge — together. 
The Senate passed a major economic relief package late last night. It's a very important step, but the key is how it will be executed. If I were President, here's how I'd make it work: 
"If the administration had reacted to the ventilator shortage in February, a private sector effort starting now might have made lifesaving equipment in mid- to late April. Now it is unlikely to be before June."Donald Trump's inaction will cost lives. 
In times of crisis, American presidents have always stepped up to meet the moment. But all we've gotten from Donald Trump are lies, excuses, and scapegoats.Trump has failed our country at a time when we need him most. 
Alright join us for Happy Hour. Watch our virtual round table on the issues that matter to young folks: 
We will not allow this pandemic to rob our young people of the futures and the economic opportunities they have been working to build. 
Dr. Fauci should be on TV a lot more than President Trump. 
Alright, folks. We're doing a happy hour tonight and you're invited. Join us at 6:30 PM ET at  
I'm about to deliver remarks on the impact of the Coronavirus on Young Americans. Tune in to watch live: 
The character of the American people is on full display across the country. In the middle of a crisis, folks are stepping up and doing what they can to help out those in need. The Angeleno Campaign, led by my friend Mayor is a great example of the work being done. 
The American people are rising to meet this moment. We need our president to do the same.
Let me be very clear: No one is expendable. No matter your age, race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability.No life is worth losing to add one more point to the Dow.
President Trump says no one saw this coming, but that’s just not true. Our own intelligence officials were warning of the coronavirus threat back in January. Trump ignored them, and now we’re paying the price. 
As Americans, we may be physically apart, but we are truly all in this together. When we have stood as one, this nation has never been defeated. And we are not going to be defeated now. 
President Trump should stop attacking our nation's governors on Twitter and start delivering them the life-saving supplies they need. 
 Coming up at 4 on Coronavirus response, running for President in the time of social distancing and
Let me be clear: Donald Trump knew about the threat the coronavirus posed and failed to act. It’s one of the most unjustifiable failures of presidential leadership in American history. 
  will air from 3-5 pm ET today/ noon- 2 pm Pacific. Our guests will include former VP
The stakes in this election couldn’t be higher. Donald Trump is wholly unfit to lead this nation — and that has become even clearer in the last few weeks. We have to vote him out of the White House.
It has been a month since this tweet. 
I know we are up to this challenge. The American people are strong, tough, brave, and big-hearted. We can and will overcome this — together.
As this public health crisis rages, with the economy in peril, and with front line workers putting their lives at risk — Trump and Republican Attorneys-General are attempting to strip health insurance away from millions.No more games. Drop this lawsuit. Save lives. 
In January, Donald Trump claimed the coronavirus was “totally under control.”In February, he said it would disappear.Now, he’s saying it “could’ve been stopped pretty easily if we had known.”Donald Trump knew. He failed to act. And now we’re paying the price.
Across the country, there are incredible stories of folks stepping up to help their neighbors, stories like this one. It's who we are as Americans. Brave and big-hearted. Always willing to lend a hand and care for those in need.We will overcome this, together. 
Where are the tests?Where are the masks?Where are the ventilators?The American people deserve answers, Mr. President. 
Obamacare was a big deal — and that still holds true a decade later. On its tenth anniversary, we need to double down on our efforts to protect it from Donald Trump's attacks and build on it to ensure every American receives the care they need. 
A $500 billion slush fund for corporations with almost no conditions is unacceptable. We have to ensure the help these companies receive goes to their workers — not their CEOs.It's time for President Trump and Mitch McConnell to put American families first. 
During a public health crisis, it's unconscionable that Donald Trump and others are continuing a lawsuit designed to strip millions of people of their health insurance. This morning, I called on them to drop the lawsuit and protect Americans' health care. 
What is President Trump waiting for? Health care workers don't have enough masks to keep themselves safe.Hospitals are running low on ventilators that sick Americans could literally need to breathe.He needs to act now to deliver these essential supplies. Lives depend on it. 
I'm about to deliver remarks on the Coronavirus pandemic. Tune in to watch live: 
President Trump and Mitch McConnell are trying to put a corporate bailout ahead of families. It's simply wrong. We need to be focused on helping hardworking Americans, communities, and small businesses — not handing big corporations a blank check. 
It’s simple: President Trump and Mitch McConnell are trying to put corporate bailouts ahead of families. And it’s wrong. Hardworking, struggling Americans should come first — not the big corporations looking for a blank check. 
President Trump’s dithering on preparing us for this global pandemic and his lies about his response to this dangerous crisis is one of the most unjustifiable failures of presidential leadership in American history. 
In this moment of crisis, we should be sending federal resources to those who need it most. It's not just good economics — it's the right thing to do. We have to get this right.
We should also increase monthly Social Security checks by $200/month, as proposed by Senator Wyden and colleagues. Seniors and people with disabilities are uniquely at risk right now.
Additionally, we should forgive a minimum of $10,000/person of federal student loans, as proposed by Senator Warren and colleagues. Young people and other student debt holders bore the brunt of the last crisis. It shouldn't happen again.
On March 6th, Donald Trump claimed: “Anybody that wants a test can get a test.”That was a flat-out lie then, and it’s still not true today. It’s a disgrace.We need to ensure everyone who needs a test can get one free of charge. Period.
No bill should pass without immediate, generous relief for workers who are losing jobs and hours, small businesses losing revenue, and communities facing emergency needs.
No bill should pass without conditions on corporations to ensure the help they get goes to their workers, not their CEOs. No blank checks.
It's simple: The White House and have tried to put corporate bailouts ahead of families. 
We owe a debt of gratitude to the first responders, health care providers, grocery and retail workers, transportation workers, public safety officials, and everyone working around the clock to keep our country running. Thank you, thank you, thank you for all you’re doing.
Mr. President — stop lying and start acting. Use the full extent of your authorities, now, to ensure that we are producing all essential goods and delivering them where they need to go. 
In times of crisis, a president should calm and heal, lead the way with a steady hand, and provide a beacon of hope for the American people.Donald Trump is incapable of doing that. 
We need action, not more empty words from President Trump. It’s time for him to step up and do his job. 
Donald Trump has failed the American people. 
Everyone knows that we're facing a real crisis from the coronavirus. But do you know how we got here and what we need to do next? Ron Klain, former White House Ebola Response Coordinator, breaks it down for us: 
The coronavirus test should be made widely available and free.The coronavirus vaccine, when ready, should be made widely available and free.Treatment for coronavirus should be free, too.We're in a crisis. No one should have to pay for their coronavirus health care costs.
From day one, the goal of our campaign has been to unite the country — and in times of crisis, that goal is more important than ever. If we come together and all do our part, we will overcome this. I promise.
The president has been behind the curve throughout this whole response. He’s talking about yesterday rather than where we need to be tomorrow. The president needs to stop talking and start rallying government action with the urgency and ambition this moment demands.
Now he’s switched to falsely telling us that he’s taking action that he has not taken, and promising results that he’s not delivering. People are scared. They're frightened. And their president is just exacerbating their concerns.
In times of crisis, the American people deserve a president who tells them the truth and takes responsibility. Donald Trump has not been that president. For months, he falsely told us we had nothing to worry about while praising China’s response for managing the coronavirus.
If you have a minute, read these stories of folks coming together and helping out their neighbors. They represent who we are as Americans. In times of crisis, we stand as one. We look out for each other. And that’s how we’ll get through this — together. 
The President says no one cares about being tested.Have you or a loved one had trouble getting tested? 
Getting money quickly to families is the right goal, but Senate Republicans are proposing to send significantly lower amounts to low-income families than those with higher incomes. That’s terrible economics ; terrible values. We should be targeting help to those who need it most. 
The lack of coronavirus testing in the U.S. is a national disgrace. 
The least we can do for every grocery and retail worker working around the clock during this crisis is to provide a $15 minimum wage, paid sick leave, and strong workplace protections.
Every CEO in America should be focusing on workers, families, and communities — not executive compensation and share prices.
I am calling on every CEO in America to publicly commit now to not buying back their company's stock over the course of the next year. As workers face the physical and economic consequences of the coronavirus, our corporate leaders cannot cede responsibility for their employees.
 has never been afraid to speak without fear, to be brave in the face of injustice, and to empower others to get off the sidelines. I'm thrilled and honored to have her support. 
The words of a president matter, and Donald Trump has used his to downplay COVID-19 and mislead the American people. He is unfit to lead us through this crisis. 
This administration is truly morally bankrupt. 
Every worker on the front lines of the fight against COVID-19 deserves protections and accommodations that keep them and their families safe. I'm glad to see states stepping up to support folks — employers must do the same. 
My prayers go out to all those on the front lines of this crisis. 
Doctors and nurses are making their own makeshift face masks today as they risk their lives to care for others. What other finding do you need to see to convince you to use every power you have to expand our supply of essential equipment, Mr. President?
Yesterday, President Trump said he was invoking the Defense Production Act, then turned around and said he wasn't planning to use it. The President should exercise these powers now. We need more ventilators, protective equipment, and critical supplies. We need action, not words.
 has put her life on the line in service of this country and continues to serve with honor today. I’m grateful to have her support and look forward to working with her to restore honor and decency to the White House.
This is a moment to look out for our neighbors, care for the elderly, and thank the workers on the front lines of this fight. This is a moment to believe in one another.When we do that, when we see the best in each of us, we’ll lift this nation up and get through this together.
The Obama-Biden Administration set up the White House National Security Council Directorate for Global Health Security and Biodefense to prepare for future pandemics like COVID-19.Donald Trump eliminated it — and now we're paying the price.
Our campaign is building the broad coalition we need to win in November. 
I give you my word as a Biden: When I'm president, I will lead with science, listen to the experts and heed their advice, and always tell you the truth. 
It is a national disgrace that millions of Americans do not have a single day of paid sick leave.
We need comprehensive action to combat the coronavirus outbreak. That's why I'm calling for a decisive public health response to curb its spread and provide treatment to those in need, and a decisive economic response that delivers real relief. 
I know the American people have the capacity to meet this moment. There’s nothing we’ve been unable to accomplish if we do it together.
Stop the xenophobic fear-mongering. Be honest. Take responsibility. Do your job. 
 Finding things to do at home can be challenging! Keep your little artists busy with our  coloring pages. 🖍 When you’re…
Much has been made of changes in President Trump's tone in recent days. But with our health care system at risk, a virus spreading, our economy on the brink — and so many lives at stake — it’s time to be less interested in his words and more focused on his actions — or inaction. 
In times of crisis, Americans stand as one. Volunteers raise their hands to help. Neighbors look out for neighbors. Businesses take care of their workers. That's who we are.We can and will meet this challenge — together. 
The next president will have to salvage our reputation, rebuild confidence in our leadership, and mobilize our country and our allies to rapidly meet new challenges — like future pandemics.We need a leader who will be ready on day one. 
Thank you, Arizona! 
Thank you to everyone in Arizona, Florida, and Illinois who supported our campaign. From day one, our goal has been to unify our party and our nation — and tonight, we are one step closer to achieving that goal. Let’s do this, together. 
I'm about to address tonight's election results from Delaware. Tune in to watch live: 
Thank you, Illinois! 
Thank you, Florida! 
This moment demands that we choose:Hope over fearUnity over divisionTruth over liesScience over fiction
This crisis requires a decisive economic response. We need to do whatever it takes to deliver relief for our families and ensure the stability of our economy.
Elections are happening today in Arizona, Florida, and Illinois. I encourage folks to vote by mail or curbside vote if you can. If you vote in person, please wash your hands, don’t touch your face, and stay 6’ from others in line. Learn more: 
My mom always said, "Being Irish is about faith, family, and courage."Today, we celebrate the strong role Irish-Americans have played in our communities, the strength of the U.S.-Ireland relationship, and the ongoing values shared by our two nations. Happy St. Patrick's Day! 
Michigan’s response has far outpaced the federal government’s in this crisis. Gov. Whitmer is leading decisively, while you are live-tweeting her appearances on cable news.We need a president who will do their job and lead this country. 
Thank you, Washington! 
Coronavirus is bigger than any one of us. Please take care of yourself, wash your hands, and practice social distancing. We will get through this — together. 
If I win the nomination, my pick for vice president will be a woman. If I win the presidency and have the opportunity, I will name the first black woman ever to the Supreme Court.A Biden administration will reflect the country we are proud to work for. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Donald Trump threatens everything we stand for, he has:- Fanned the flames of hate- Embraced white supremacists- Separated families at the border- Threatened our democracyWe have to get him out of the White House.
The coronavirus pandemic is bigger than any one individual. This moment requires all of us to come together — across the country and around the world — to solve this crisis. 
In the wake of the coronavirus, we need a major bailout package that delivers real relief to the American people — not more handouts for giant corporations. 
Thank you to our health care providers, first responders, grocery and other retail workers, and so many others that are keeping us safe and prepared. This coronavirus pandemic makes it clear that all workers deserve paid sick live, workplace protections and unemployment benefits.
We need a president who will always choose science over fiction.
I know times are tough — but we’re going to get through this. We’ve got four big primaries coming up on Tuesday, and our campaign could really use your help. Chip in what you can — I really appreciate it:  
$90 billion in clean energy funding. A huge reduction in the cost of solar so that we'll never build another coal plant again.   I did that. Bernie watched. 
We're building the campaign that will win this nomination and defeat Donald Trump. If you're with us, please chip in what you can right now to keep the momentum going from tonight's  
Watch me. 
The coronavirus pandemic is like a war. And in a war, you do whatever is needed to be done to take care of your people.  
We need a comprehensive response to the coronavirus outbreak. My plan mounts a decisive public health response to curb the spread of this disease and provide treatment to those in need, and a decisive economic response that delivers real relief. 
Xenophobia is a disease. 
We have to treat climate change like the existential threat it is. As president, I will:- End subsidies for fossil fuel corporations- Ban new drilling on federal lands ; waters- Hold oil executives accountable- Rally the world to raise the commitments of the Paris Agreement
No se puede negar la amenaza existencial del cambio climático, y se está acabando el tiempo para abordarlo. Tenemos que tomar medidas sin precedentes aquí en nuestro país y unir al mundo para hacer frente a esta crisis. Lea el plan completo: 
There is no denying the existential threat of climate change — and time is running out to address it. We have to take unprecedented action here at home and rally the world to tackle this crisis head on. Read the full plan: 
Bernie Sanders voted against comprehensive immigration reform — and then went on TV with Lou Dobbs to brag about it.Immigrants don't take our jobs. They create jobs. And we need a President who believes that to his or her core.  
My running mate will be a woman. 
If Senator is the nominee, I will throw my full weight behind his campaign and do everything I can to get him elected. If I am the nominee, I hope he will do the same. Nothing can keep us from being united in the fight to defeat Trump. 
Bernie Sanders voted against the Brady background check bill that has kept 3 million firearms out of dangerous hands, not once, not twice, but five times. We need a president who will stand up to the — not one who stood with them against lifesaving gun safety measures.
I took on Paul Ryan's cuts to Medicare and Social Security — to his face.  
People need help now. Not four years from now. Not eight years from now. We need a health care plan that can pass. 
Senator attacks on my record on Social Security are a bunch of malarkey — and agrees.We should be focused on going after Donald Trump — not fellow Democrats.  
All those people Bernie says he cares about would have been in deep trouble without the bailout in 2008/2009. It was about saving the economy — and I agree with Bernie, some bank executives should have gone to jail. 
People want results, not a revolution. 
This is bigger than any one of us. This calls for a national rallying to come together. 
This is a crisis. We’re at war with a virus. No one should have to pay for coronavirus health care costs. 
We need leadership that listens to science. We need leaders who listen to experts and heed their advice. We need American leadership that will rally the world to meet global threats. We need leaders who are honest. That is the responsibility of a president. 
When we have a coronavirus vaccine ready to go, it should be made widely available, free of charge. Period.
This primary has brought out our party's best ideas, and our nation is better for it. If I'm President, I'll continue to bring the best ideas from all corners of the country and fight to make them reality. To see these plans, you can go to my website: 
Second: Few people in the country understand how bankruptcy hurts working families more than Elizabeth Warren. Today, I am fully endorsing and adopting her bankruptcy plan, which she called "Fixing Our Bankruptcy System to Give People a Second Chance."
First: Bernie has put forward a plan that would make public colleges and universities free for families whose income is below $125,000. It's a good idea, and after consideration, I am proud to add it to my platform.
Across the country, middle and working class families are being squeezed by debt. This is a massive problem, and one that we need all of the best ideas to solve. That's why today, I'm adopting two plans from and to achieve this.
No President can promise to prevent future outbreaks. But I can promise you that when I'm President, we will prepare better, respond better, and recover better. 
I'm incredibly grateful for leadership every day — but especially in times of crisis. McConnell should bring back the Senate immediately and pass this important bill to provide relief for American families. 
If you're exhibiting symptoms of COVID-19 — or might be at risk — absentee or vote by mail options are the best way to make your voice heard, while protecting your neighbors.
The right to vote is the most sacred American right there is. State election officials are working closely with public health officials to hold safe elections. If you are feeling healthy, not showing symptoms, and not at risk of being exposed to COVID-19: please vote on Tuesday.
The coronavirus will not discriminate based on national origin, race, gender, or zip code. It will touch people in positions of power and the most vulnerable in our society.We need to take action to combat it. 
The American people have the capacity to meet this moment. We will come together, look out for one another, and harness the ingenuity of our scientists. We can and will meet this challenge—together. 
This crisis requires a national response. Not just from our elected leaders, or public health officials—but from all of us. We must follow the guidance of the and health officials and take appropriate precautions to protect ourselves and, critically, to protect others.
I know many are anxious about the spread of the coronavirus and the threat it poses. And my thoughts are with all those affected, our first responders and health care providers who are putting themselves on the line for others, and everyone making sacrifices to stop the spread.
The White House is no place for on-the-job training — Donald Trump's handling of the coronavirus has made that even more clear. We need a president who is ready to clean up his mess, take responsibility, and lead us forward on day one.
 AmyPeteBetoMikeKamalaCoryAnd you.  wouldn’t be here without your support. This is your campaign.
We’re building a campaign powered by the backbone and the base of the Democratic party. A campaign that will defeat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation. Join us: 
I believe this nation can overcome four years of Donald Trump. But if he’s given eight years in the White House, he will forever and fundamentally alter the character of this nation.We can’t let that happen. We have to defeat Donald Trump.
At a moment when there is so much fear around the world, we need honest, steady, trusted American leadership.If I’m elected president, I promise you I'll strive to give the nation that very leadership every day. 
A wall will not stop the coronavirus.Banning all travel from Europe — or any other part of the world — will not stop it.This disease could impact every nation and any person on the planet — and we need a plan to combat it.
 is right — this is our moment in history. We need your help to beat Donald Trump and set our nation on a new path. If you’re with us, chip in today:  
No president can promise to prevent future outbreaks, but I can promise you this: When I'm president, we will be better prepared, respond better, and recover better. We'll lead with science and listen to the experts. And I will always, always tell you the truth.
We need to ensure that every person who needs a coronavirus test can get one — and that the test is free. Period.
Today, I'm releasing my plan to combat the coronavirus. We need:- A decisive public health response to curb the spread of this disease and provide treatment to those in need- A decisive economic response that delivers real relief 
I'm about to address the nation on how we should confront the corona virus pandemic. Tune in to watch live: 
To all those who have been knocked down, counted out, or left behind — this is your campaign. We need you and we want you in this fight.Join us:  
At this moment — when there is so much fear in the country and all across the world — we need American leadership. We need presidential leadership.Today at 1:00 PM EST, I’ll be addressing the nation on how we should be moving forward to confront the 
Together, we're creating a movement that will defeat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation. 
Donald Trump's "Remain in Mexico" policy is dangerous, inhumane, and goes against everything we stand for as a nation of immigrants. My administration will end it. 
After last night, we are one step closer to restoring decency, dignity, and honor to the White House.
I wish Donald Trump would just be quiet and let the experts do the talking when it comes to the coronavirus. 
 is one of the brightest minds there is when it comes to the challenges we face in the Fourth Industrial Revolution. I'm honored to have his endorsement — and look forward to working with him to ensure every worker can succeed in the changing 21st-century economy.
Today is a historic day for the  movement ; for survivors of sexual violence. The bravery of those who stopped Weinstein cannot be overstated, ; the burden of speaking out cannot be on survivors alone. We have to change our culture ; our system to end sexual assault. 
If you're a member of the  know that there is a home for you in our campaign. I would be honored to have your support. 
Once we get Donald Trump out of the White House, we have an enormous opportunity to build the future this nation deserves. A future where every American has access to affordable health care, where we end our gun violence epidemic, and where we tackle the climate crisis head-on.
Donald Trump is incapable of effectively handling the coronavirus crisis. 
It's been a great night — thank you for all of your support! We’re bringing this party together and it's going to take all of us to keep it going. Chip in now to take us across the finish line and defeat Donald Trump:  
Tonight made one thing clear: We're building the campaign that will win this nomination and defeat Donald Trump. If you're with us, chip in today to keep our momentum going strong: 
Thank you to all of our incredible supporters and volunteers across the country — tonight's victories wouldn't be possible without your support. Together, we'll win this nomination, beat Donald Trump, and take back this country! 
I'm about to take the stage from Philadelphia. Tune in to watch live: 
Thank you, Michigan! 
Thank you, Missouri! 
Thank you, Mississippi! 
 Educators: this is our moment. We know how to organize. We know how to rally. We know when to use our teacher-voice so people…
Unite. Vote. Win. 
If you live in:- Idaho- Michigan- Mississippi- Missouri- North Dakota- WashingtonYou vote today! Head to  to find all the info you need to make your voice heard. 
We need a president who will stand up to the — not stand with them against gun safety reform. 
I give you my word as a Biden: If I am elected president, I will do everything in my power to protect our children from gun violence. 
Today’s the day! If you live in ID, MI, MS, MO, ND, or WA head to  to confirm your polling location and make sure to get out and vote. 
A wall won’t stop a virus.Racism won’t stop a virus.Do your job. 
 Tomorrow — elections are happening if you live in:📍Idaho📍Michigan📍Mississippi📍Missouri📍North Dakota📍WashingtonIt’s ti…
Nothing can top this endorsement. 
I put my faith in Michigan in the depths of the Great Recession — and if you believe, as I do, that our greatest days still lie ahead, I hope that you’ll put your faith in Team Joe tomorrow. 
Jill and I wish a Happy Holi to those celebrating the arrival of spring and the Festival of Colors! May the rest of your year be filled with a rainbow of colors and optimism. 
In moments of crisis, presidential leadership is even more important. But time and time again, Donald Trump has proven just how incapable he is of rising to the occasion. He is dangerously unfit to lead our country through a global health challenge. 
Now is not the time to divide the party and tear down fellow Democrats. Now is the time to come together to defeat Donald Trump. 
Our diversity is, and has always been, our greatest strength as a nation. Donald Trump doesn't get that — we need a president who does.
Senator is joining me on the campaign trail in Flint, Michigan. Tune in to watch live: 
We're building the campaign that will defeat Donald Trump — and his team is worried. Chip in to help us make Trump a one-term president:  
Cory — Your leadership has given hope to so many and has inspired our nation to rise to meet the challenges of today. I'm incredibly grateful for your endorsement — and I look forward to working alongside you to unite the country and defeat Donald Trump. 
On the anniversary of the passage of  we must recommit ourselves to eliminating all private dollars from our federal elections and restoring the Voting Rights Act.Our government should work  — not just the powerful. 
 is a man of great character, and I'm honored to have his endorsement. Together, we'll beat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation. 
We are in a battle for the soul of our nation — and Donald Trump is poison to our soul. We have to get him out of the White House.
In Mississippi — and around the nation — the daily scourge of gun violence is tearing our communities apart. Enough is enough. We can’t go on like this. We have to take on the and end our gun violence epidemic. 
If we are to realize the dream of gender equality, we can't be disheartened or disengaged. Instead we must recommit to fighting for progress, for our own sake and for the sake of all peoples. We can — and will — do this.Join us:  
I'm about to take the stage from Mississippi. Tune in to watch live: 
On this  it’s a hard truth that, in 2020, we have not yet reached gender equality in our society. I promise that, as president, I will use every tool available to me and take every opportunity to change that. 
If we give Donald Trump four more years in the White House, our planet may never recover.
Kamala — You’ve spent your whole career fighting for folks who’ve been written off and left behind — and no small part of that alongside Beau. From our family: thank you.
 
“Rosie the Riveter" represents the American women who worked in factories during World War II.Their resilience and hard work helped us win the war.  Agnes was one of them. I called her on her 100th birthday, and I could not be more proud to have her support. 
I'm about to take the stage from Missouri. Tune in to watch live: 
If you re-elect Donald Trump, he's going to cut Medicare and Social Security. I'm going to protect and expand these benefits. 
I support  in California, which will give workers the dignity they deserve in the workplace. I agree with that we can't let corporations undermine basic rights by adding these exemptions to ground-breaking legislation. 
We're going to rebuild the great American middle class. And this time, we're going to bring everyone along regardless of race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability.
I'm about to take the stage from Missouri. Tune in to watch live: 
To everyone who has been knocked down, counted out, or left behind — this is your campaign. Together, we will beat Donald Trump and set our nation on a new path. 
I can’t tell you how much I appreciate endorsement. If you supported Pete, know that there is a home for you in our campaign. Join us in the fight to restore the soul of our nation:  
We are so much better than who Donald Trump thinks we are. This is the United States of America. We treat each other with dignity, we leave nobody behind, and we give hate no safe harbor.
Climate change is the existential crisis of our time. On day one, I'll rejoin the Paris Agreement — and then rally the world to push our progress further.
I don't care who you're supporting, attacks like this against a man who could be the first Jewish President are disgusting and beyond the pale. Hatred and bigotry have no place in America — and it's up to all of us to root out these evils wherever they're found. 
It’s time we restore the great American middle class — and this time, make sure everyone has a chance to come along. That starts with making a $15 minimum wage the law of the land. 
This is a big moment for our campaign — and we could use your help to keep our momentum going. Chip in $5 to help us build the campaign that will defeat Donald Trump:  
They don’t call it Super Tuesday for nothing! 
Finally: a way to use Twitter without character limits. Check out what I had to say when asked me about life on the campaign trail, what inspires me, and more: 
We need a president who will choose unity over division.
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history — and the American people deserve to know what he is hiding in his tax returns. 
Get real, Bernie. The only person who's going to cut Social Security if he's elected is Donald Trump. Maybe you should spend your time attacking him. 
For all the hard-won progress we've made in the fight for LGBTQ+ equality, we're not done — not nearly. That's why I just released my plan to advance LGBTQ+ equality in America and around the world:  
Here's the deal, folks: social security is on the ballot this year, and the choice couldn't be clearer: I'll protect and expand it. Donald Trump will cut it and take it away. 
I’m confident that with the help of and his supporters, we will unite this country, we will beat Donald Trump, and we will restore honor and decency to the White House. 
Not a joke, folks. We added a bunch of new items to our campaign store that I think you'll like. Head to  to stock up today. 
We should not tear down Obamacare. Period. We need to protect and build on it with a new public option to ensure every American has access to the care they need.
And to Bailey: Champ and Major would love to have you over any time.
Senator is the fiercest of fighters for middle class families. Her work in Washington, in Massachusetts, and on the campaign trail has made a real difference in people's lives. We needed her voice in this race, and we need her continued work in the Senate.
I'm blown away by the grassroots energy we've seen from Pete, Amy, and Beto supporters. Tuesday wouldn't have happened without all of you. It's going to take all of us to beat Donald Trump and I'd love to have you on our team:  
We are building the coalition that will defeat Donald Trump.
To everyone who has placed your faith in our campaign thus far, thank you. Your support means the world to me — and I hope I make you proud. I will do everything I can to bring this country together and restore the soul of our nation. 
I'm grateful that over 125 elected officials and leaders from across the country have endorsed our campaign in the last few days. Now, I'm hoping to get your endorsement.If you're with me, let me know by adding your name today:  
America was built on the simple idea that we're all created equal—but we've never lived up to it. We've had to fight for it. And we've got to recognize the women who have kept the fires of justice and equality blazing, lighting the way forward for us all. 
Most Americans don't want the false promise of a revolution — they want results. 
We need judges who will respect Roe v. Wade as the law, and we need a Congress that will protect reproductive rights. If I'm president, that leadership will start at the top.
There is an assault on abortion access, and today it has reached the Supreme Court. It's time for our leaders to stand up for women's rights. 
Thank you, Maine! 
I have said it many times in this campaign. This nation will be able to overcome four years of Donald Trump. But if this man is reelected, we won’t recognize this country in a few years.We have to get Trump out of the White House.
 I can’t thank you enough for your support—and for your tireless work on everything from gun safety reform to climate change. This race is bigger than candidates and bigger than politics. It’s about defeating Donald Trump, and with your help, we’re gonna do it.
I'm Joe Biden and I'm running a campaign that chooses: Hope over fear. Unity over division. Truth over lies.And to supporters of Pete, Amy, and Beto: last night was your win too — and I’m here to earn your vote. So join us:  
Thank you, Texas! 
Call it a W. Thank you, Texas. 
Team, because of you we had an incredible Super Tuesday. Now, it's time to focus on beating Donald Trump. We can get him out of the White House with your help.Please chip in a few dollars to help us win this thing:  
I want to thank our incredible supporters and volunteers across the country. Your faith in our campaign — especially when the pundits and the media counted us out — means the world to me. Let’s go win this, together. 
Let’s unite.Let’s beat Donald Trump.And let’s take back this country!
You lost tonight, Democrats around the country are fired up. We are decent, brave, and resilient people. We are better than you. Come November, we are going to beat you. 
Thank you, Massachusetts! 
Thanks, Obama. 
The press and the pundits declared us dead — but tonight has made clear that we are very much alive. We're building the campaign that can unite the party and beat Donald Trump — but we need your help to do it.Chip in to keep this momentum going: 
I'm about to take the stage from California. Tune in to watch live: 
Thank you, Minnesota! 
Thank you, Arkansas! 
 
Thank you, Oklahoma! 
Thank you, Tennessee! 
Thank you, Alabama! 
Thank you, North Carolina! 
Thank you, Virginia! 
We are better than this moment and so much better than this president. It's time we get up and take back our country. 
Senator said it best, "It is time to turn back the division and the hate and the exclusion and the bitterness — and it is time to work together."If you're in Minnesota — or any Super Tuesday state — go vote today! 
Whether you live in Maine or California — or any Super Tuesday state in between — I’m asking for your vote today. Together, we can beat Donald Trump and set our nation on a new path.Head to  to confirm your polling location and get out and vote! 
If you want a Democratic nominee who can:- Beat Donald Trump- Keep Nancy Pelosi as Speaker and hold the House- Take the US Senate and state legislaturesThen this is your campaign.
This is a critical, critical moment. But don't just take it from me. Momentum is growing, chip in $5, $10 now to keep us going:  
Recorded this last night but couldn't have said it any better myself, If you live in any state that's voting on Super Tuesday — today is your day.Let's go win this thing, folks! Head over to  to find your polling location now. 
Jill and I send our thoughts and prayers for the safety of Tennesseans affected by the tornado. Stay safe out there — and if you're voting today, be sure to follow for updates. 
We can't sit by and lose this country to Donald Trump. Today, we take it back — together.Go vote:  
 I’m voting for Joe Biden because he can beat Donald Trump; because having him at the top of the ticket will help our down-…
Today’s the day! If you’re in a Super Tuesday state, head to  to confirm your polling location and make sure to get out and vote. 
The last few days have made one thing very clear: We are building the campaign that will beat Donald Trump.
Whether you supported Pete, Amy, Beto, or any other candidate in this race — know that there is a home for you in our campaign. I will do everything I can to earn your vote.
Seeing what this whole Whataburger thing is about with ! 
Pete and Amy and Beto backed our campaign — now we need you. This is our moment to come together as a party to beat Donald Trump. If you're with us, chip in today to keep our momentum going: 
 mobilized a state, inspired a nation, and in the wake of the shooting in El Paso showed us all what compassionate leadership looks like. He will be changing this nation for years to come. I'm so grateful he's on our team. 
I can't tell you how much Senator endorsement means to me. From the moment she announced, it wasn’t hard to see she had the grit and determination to do anything she sets her mind to. That's why I'm confident that we'll beat Donald Trump, together. 
Honored to have join us on the stage tonight in Dallas. Tune in now to hear what he has to say:
I’m about to take the stage with Senator in Dallas, Texas, ahead of Super Tuesday. Tune in to watch live: 
Grateful beyond words to have endorsement. A guy of enormous integrity. Someone who has as much moral courage as he has physical courage. Welcome to the team, Mayor Pete. 
This fall, Donald Trump will be trying to get the Supreme Court to strike down Obamacare — ripping insurance away from 30 million people.I’ll be fighting to end his administration, and to secure for every American the peace of mind that comes from having affordable health care. 
Proud to have Pete on the trail with me today. Our number one priority is to beat Donald Trump and bring unity back to our party. Together we're gonna make it happen.  Welcome to the team, Watch live: 
 I AM FOR JOE BIDEN. Here’s why-Joe is a UNIFIER-SC shows that the African American community, which has always been th…
Bernie Sanders has gone after nearly every corporation in the world — except the gun manufacturers. It's unacceptable. We need a president with the courage to take them on and ensure they can be held accountable for the carnage they have caused. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation — and it's a battle we can't lose. So let's get back up, let's fight back, and let's win. 
Something is happening in Virginia. 
Americans can't wait for the false promise of a revolution. We need real change right now. 
If you want a Democratic nominee who will:- Build on Obamacare — not scrap it- Take on the and gun manufacturers — not protect them- Stand up for the middle class — not raise their taxes and make promises that can’t be keptThen this is your campaign.
I'm incredibly honored to have the support of Latinos are the future. They must have a voice — and as president, I will do all in my power to amplify that voice. 
 Campbell is an incredible young man, and I’m proud to have played a small part in his journey.To anyone working to overcome…
Selma, thank you for welcoming me back into your community this morning. As we commemorate the anniversary of Bloody Sunday, we also recognize that the struggle for Black Americans to participate in democracy is not over. We have to fight for a more just, equal America—together. 
The press and the pundits declared our campaign dead. But after last night's big victory, it's clear we are very much alive. 
Yesterday we had our best day of online fundraising on this campaign, raising $5M from tens of thousands of new supporters.Today, we've already surpassed that total. And we're just getting started. Join us: 
 ran a historic, trail-blazing campaign based on courage, compassion, and honesty. We will be a better country for his continued service. This is just the beginning of his time on the national stage.
Together, we will beat Donald Trump.
With your help, we won big in South Carolina. Now, we're shifting our focus to winning big on Super Tuesday. I know we can do it, but we need your help to make it happen. If you can, please chip in to keep our momentum going: 
South Carolina was just the launching pad. Our campaign is taking off, and we need your help. Head to  to get involved in your community. 
Only Donald Trump could make the coronavirus about him. This president is dangerous. 
I’ve never been more optimistic about America’s future than I am today. If we come together and unite this country, there’s not a single thing we can’t accomplish.
When the press, pundits, and our opponents wrote us off, delivered big.  This was the launching pad. Now let’s win this thing. 
Yesterday this campaign raised $5M online, including from tens of thousands of new supporters. You did that. Together, we will do this. We'll get the nomination, defeat Donald Trump and win the battle for the soul of this nation. Chip in to keep us going: 
South Carolina, I can't thank you enough. Tonight's big victory has launched us forward, and we need your help to keep the momentum going.Please chip in a few dollars if you can — it'll make a big difference:  
 Just days ago, the press and the pundits declared our campaign dead. But after tonight, it's clear we are very much alive — a…
From climate change to racial justice — has dedicated his life to making progress on some of the most pressing issues of our time. His presence will continue to be felt in the race, and I look forward to working alongside him to get Donald Trump out of the White House.
 A note from my spokesperson.  
The press counted us out.The pundits declared our campaign dead.But we proved them wrong. 
I'm about to take the stage from South Carolina. Tune in to watch live: 
Just days ago, the press and the pundits declared our campaign dead. But after tonight, it's clear we are very much alive — and we need your help to keep the momentum going.Chip in to help us make the most of our big victory in South Carolina: 
Thank you, South Carolina! To all those who have been knocked down, counted out, and left behind — this is your campaign. Together, we will win this nomination and beat Donald Trump.
We are at an inflection point. We can choose four more years of Donald Trump's poisonous rhetoric and divisive politics — or we can take the next great step forward as a nation.It won’t be easy. But we can do it, together. 
I’ve dedicated my entire life to serving this country — and I’m not finished yet. 
To win the battle for the soul of this nation, we need everyone to step up and make their voice heard. If you live in South Carolina, confirm your polling place by heading to  grab your photo ID, and get out and vote today. 
Today’s the day — it’s primary day in South Carolina! Head to  to make calls from wherever you are in the country to help get folks to the polls.
I’m honored to have Congressman Clyburn’s vote — now, I’m asking for yours.Get out and vote, South Carolina:  
Today, South Carolina has the chance to set our nation on a new path. Let’s go. 
Today’s the day, South Carolina! Confirm your polling location at  grab your photo ID, and make sure to get out and vote before 7 PM ET. 
For too many people across the country, normal has become a living nightmare. We can’t go on like this any longer. We have to end our gun violence epidemic. 
  knows that rebuilding ; investing in our federal agencies must be a top priority.Whether it's getting soci…
 "I don't want to say this like I'm endorsing one candidate over another, but there's a level of familiarity with Joe Biden…
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Donald Trump’s poisonous rhetoric has emboldened the worst among us to crawl out from under their rocks and spread their hate openly.We have to get Trump out of the White House and give hate no safe harbor.
Folks, a win in South Carolina would help us build momentum at just the right time. We're feeling good about our chances, but we need your help to pull it off. Please chip in what you can — every dollar makes a big difference: 
Monica's story is the story of far too many in our country — and a solemn reminder of the cost of our inaction. No parent should lose their child to an act of gun violence. We have to end this epidemic. 
Wrong Veep 
America was founded on the promise of equality, liberty, and justice for all. We’ve never fully lived up to that promise — but we’ve never stopped trying. We can’t rest until we reach our highest ideals and justice truly rings out for all.
Tomorrow is the South Carolina primary, and we need your help to bring us across the finish line. If you have a few extra minutes, head to  to talk with folks before they head to the polls.
My dad always said, “Champ, when you get knocked down, you get back up.” I’ve been knocked down a lot in my life, like so many Americans have, but always get back up. That’s the resiliency of the American people. Given half a fighting chance, there’s nothing we can’t do. 
Senator Kaine is an incredible public servant. Virginians are lucky to have him representing them in the Senate — and I'm honored to have his endorsement. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation — and Donald Trump is poison to our soul. We have to get him out of the White House. 
I’m running for president to offer our country a different path — not back to a past that never was — but to a future that fulfills our true promise as a nation.
Barack Obama was one hell of a president. 
"Thanks to a man of great position and character taking an interest in him, he knows that his stutter does not define him, nor his plans for a bright future."You raised an incredible young man, Elisa. I'm honored to have been a part of his journey. 
Donald Trump is determined to sabotage Obamacare and roll back the progress we’ve made. We can’t let him get away with it. We have to protect and build on the law to ensure every American has access to the health care they deserve. 
I have a message for the and gun manufacturers: If I am elected president, I am going to take you on and I will defeat you. 
With nearly 2 million Dominicans and their families in the U.S., we have so much to celebrate on Dominican Republic Independence Day! The everyday contributions of Dominican Americans to our country has enriched our lives and made us stronger.
One year later, is still stonewalling the bipartisan universal background check bill. It’s unbelievable. It’s time for Mitch McConnell to stand up to the do his job, and bring the bill up for a vote. Lives depend on it. 
Folks, thanks to you we raised $1.2M from nearly 30,000 donors yesterday. And I was even happier to hear that 1/3rd of those donors were new. I can't begin to tell you what your support means. South Carolina is just a few days away, let's keep it going:  
Senator Sanders still hasn’t been honest about how much Medicare for All will cost and who will pay for it. The American people deserve the truth. 
A $15 an hour minimum wage is long overdue, but it’s just the start. We have to make sure every single worker receives the pay and dignity they deserve.
I don’t take the support of the African-American community for granted. I’ve worked like the devil to earn it and will continue to work for every last vote. 
Folks, we are currently $45,000 short of raising $1 million online today. We don't have a lot of time, but if we all pitch in, we can do it. Can I count on your help? Pitch in before midnight: 
My faith is important to me because it gives me some reason to have hope and purpose. It took a long time for me to realize, but that purpose is the thing that has saved me. 
If I were president today, I would not be taking China's word when it comes to the coronavirus. American scientists and health experts should be allowed in the country to determine how the virus started and to help contain its spread. 
We just wrapped up a great CNN town hall and could use your help to keep the momentum going. With just three days left until the South Carolina primary, every dollar makes a big difference. Chip in today: 
I taught constitutional law for a long time and here's the deal: No amendment is absolute. There are limits.Common-sense reforms like background checks and a ban on assault weapons are not a violation of the Second Amendment. Period.
I’m heartbroken at the news of yet another mass shooting in America — and I’m keeping the victims and their loved ones in my prayers. We can’t go on like this any longer as a nation. It’s time we come together and pass common-sense reforms to end this epidemic. 
 Joe Biden on Bernie Sanders' gun legislation record: "He goes after every corporation in the world. But I have not seen hi…
I'm glad this bill — overdue now for more than a century — has passed.Congress' failure to act on lynching will forever be a stain on the institution, but living up to the founding principles of our nation means fully coming to terms with the sins of our past. 
In 1994, I took on the to pass a 10-year ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. The ban saved lives — and Republicans should have never let it expire.As president, I’ll ban them once again. We will get these weapons of war out of our communities. 
I’m a union guy and always have been. I stand with — and as president, I’ll invest in American workers.We need to protect good American jobs and make sure our economy works for all Americans. 
The evidence is clear: we can’t wait to take action on climate change. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and tackle this crisis head-on. The survival of our planet depends on it. 
We need policies that allow Black Americans to create wealth. And we need policies that will let them pass it down from generation to generation. 
We need to put a black woman on the Supreme Court.
I know that with folks like Bernice and the Reckoning Crew, we will win the battle for the soul of our nation. I'm so grateful to have them on our team.Join them and get involved in your community:  
Jim Clyburn is a voice of powerful moral clarity that is heard loud and clear across this country — in our capital and beyond. He reminds us why we’re in public service in the first place — and I’m proud to have his support. 
Team, we had a great debate tonight in South Carolina. I could use your help to keep this momentum going as we head toward the primary this Saturday. With just a few days left - chip in what you can, every dollar makes a difference:  
Being a progressive means actually making progress. I’m the only one in this race who has beaten the NRA nationally and passed real gun safety reform — and I’ll do it again as president.  
When everyone around you is shouting about health care reform but you're the only one who has gotten anything big done. 
Pitch in if you agree:  
Let’s be clear: Russia is engaging in interference in this election right now, as we speak. 
 This moment requires strong American leadership and disciplined diplomacy to lead a global response grounded in science — Don…
We gotta make it clear: China must play by the rules. 
My first effort as a county council member was doing away with redlining — and I didn’t stop there. I've fought against housing discrimination my entire career. 
Gun manufacturers — if I’m elected I’m coming for you. 
 Progressive is getting things done. We got a lot done. - 
Tom Steyer invested $90 million in the nation's largest private prison company — a company that allegedly hog-tied and beat kids in South Carolina. It's despicable.President Obama and I worked to phase out private prisons — I will fight to get rid of them as president. 
 Thank you for opening the debate on the issue of gun violence.  We need to force this conversation.  That wa…
 “The  will keep pressing for the day when no working person has to fight for decent health care, but our members won’t give…
I’ve worked like the devil to earn the vote of the African American community. I don’t expect anything. I plan to earn the Black vote. And I’m here to ask for it. 
Five. That’s how many times Senator Sanders voted AGAINST the Brady background check bill that has kept 3 million firearms out of dangerous hands.We need a president who will stand up to the — not one who stands with them against lifesaving gun safety measures. 
Ban assault weapons.Enact universal background checks.Hold gun manufacturers accountable.End our gun violence epidemic.
In 2005, I voted to allow Americans to hold gun manufacturers accountable for the death and terror they've caused in our country. Bernie Sanders voted to let them off the hook. 
This moment requires strong American leadership and disciplined diplomacy to lead a global response grounded in science — Donald Trump is incapable of that. He is the worst possible person to lead our country through a global health emergency. 
With Donald Trump out of the way, there’s no limit to what America can achieve.
The right to vote is the most fundamental American right there is. We should be making voting easier — not harder.
This election is about more than just beating Donald Trump. It’s about:- Replacing Betsy DeVos with an actual educator- Having an Attorney General who defends the Constitution, not the president- Ensuring our EPA Administrator believes climate change is an existential threat
Meeting Tina brightened my day — and she made a pretty good point at the end. 
Our comeback started in Nevada. Now, we need your help to carry this momentum to South Carolina, Super Tuesday, and beyond.Sign up to get involved in your community:  
America’s story is full of barrier breakers who refused to accept the status quo — Katherine Johnson is among the finest. No hindrance — not racism, sexism, or even the force of gravity — was too tall a task for her. and I are keeping her loved ones in our hearts. 
Vanessa, I'm keeping you in my prayers today. Grief is a heavy burden to bear — especially with the eyes of the world watching. But there will come a day, I promise you, when the memory of Kobe and Gianna will bring a smile to your lips before it brings a tear to your eye. 
I think Barack Obama was one hell of a President. I was proud to stand alongside him every step of the way — and fought like hell to make sure he was re-elected.Bernie Sanders can't say the same. 
I promise you that if I am elected president, we will hold gun manufacturers accountable for the carnage they have caused. 
Housing should be a right — not a privilege. But far too many Americans lack access to affordable, quality, and safe housing. Today, I'm releasing my $640 billion plan to change that: 
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president we’ve ever had — and the American people deserve to know what he’s hiding in his tax returns.
We’re not just trying to beat Donald Trump. We’ve got to take back the Senate, keep the House of Representatives, and unite our party. 
Over 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions live in fear that their health care will be taken away from them. I promise you I will not let that happen — we will protect and build on Obamacare. 
We need a president who will always choose compassion over cruelty.
Americans aren’t looking for a handout. They’re just looking for a fair shot to get ahead. But too many people today aren’t getting that chance.We have to rebuild the middle class — and this time, bring everyone along. 
There is nothing that the United States of America can’t do if we do it together.
Thank you, Nevada! We're headed to South Carolina but have one more request: if you can chip in a few dollars to keep our momentum going we would greatly appreciate it.Every donation makes a big difference:  
Despite what the press said this week, we’re alive, we’re coming back, and we’re gonna win! 
I ain’t a socialist.I ain’t a plutocrat.I’m a Democrat — and I'm proud of it. 
Nevada, y’all did it for me! Thank you to all of our incredible supporters, volunteers, and organizers around the state. We couldn’t have done this without you.Next stop: South Carolina! 
While not every vote in Nevada has been counted yet, one thing is clear: our comeback starts here. Now, we’re headed to South Carolina where we’re all-in to win. Chip in to help fuel our victory: 
I'm about to take the stage from Nevada. Tune in to watch live: 
Thank you to all of our incredible volunteers in Nevada for all your hard work — your faith in our campaign means the world to me.We’re taking this campaign across the country and need your help. Head to  to get involved today. 
Do you believe in life after Trump? 
It’s Caucus Day, Nevada! It’s time for the West to make its voice heard. Head to  to confirm your caucus location and make a plan to be there by 11:00 AM PT. Let’s win this! 
For too many people across the country, the daily scourge of gun violence has turned normal into a living nightmare. It has to end. I’ve taken on the and won — twice. And I’ll do it again as president to end our gun violence epidemic. 
 All your hard work has led to this moment, Nevada! Let's make our voices heard and caucus for today at 11 a.m. 
Today’s the day, Nevada! Confirm your caucus location at  and make a plan to arrive by 11:00 AM PT. 
The Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2007 was our best shot at fixing our broken immigration system. It had bipartisan support and would have put millions of immigrants on the pathway to citizenship.Bernie Sanders voted against it. 
  Nevada – now’s the time to confirm where you’ll caucus for tomorrow!📍Find your precinct caucus location a…
Donald Trump and Stephen Miller have raised the standard of cruelty with their inhumane immigration policies. We have to get them out of the White House and ensure our laws reflect our values as a nation of immigrants.
Tomorrow is Caucus Day in Nevada, and we need your help to bring us across the finish line. I know we’ve asked a lot lately, but if you have a few extra minutes, please head to  to talk with caucusgoers about what’s at stake. I'd greatly appreciate it. 
Vladimir Putin doesn’t want me to be President. He doesn’t want me to be our nominee. If you’re wondering why — it’s because I’m the only person in this field who’s ever gone toe-to-toe with him.
On day one, I will send a bill to Congress providing a roadmap to citizenship for 11 million undocumented immigrants and take action to protect Dreamers. 
 🚨NEVADA — tomorrow is Caucus Day! 🚨It’s time to show up and have your voice heard. Head to  to make s…
Family separation will end on my watch — I promise you. 
A giant among men, a civil rights hero, and a man I'm honored to call a friend — Happy Birthday, Congressman Lewis! Every day your courage inspires me like it's inspired our entire country. 
Experience matters. I’m the only one in this race who has gotten anything big done when it comes to health care. As president, I’ll build on Obamacare to ensure every American receives the quality, affordable care they deserve. 
Grateful to have the support of We can't beat Trump without a broad and diverse coalition that includes and elevates the Latino community. Together, we can win the battle for the soul of our nation. 
America's teachers and school personnel have been forced to make ends meet with too little pay and too few resources to educate our kids. That'll change in my administration.Thank you and
We all have a responsibility to declare with conviction that hatred and bigotry and white supremacy have no place in America. We must give hate no safe harbor. 
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history. We need to get him out of the White House and restore honor and dignity to the presidency. 
Americans — not Vladimir Putin — should decide our elections. 
We had a great night at tonight's CNN town hall — and with just two days until the Nevada caucuses, we need your help to keep our momentum going. Every dollar goes a long way during this critical stretch. Chip in today: 
I’ve sat there and looked in the eyes of parents who lost their kids to gun violence. They want to be able to sue these gun manufacturers. We should let them. 
Alex, a law enforcement officer and former Marine from Reno, supports common-sense gun safety reform — just like the majority of America. Here’s why he’s supporting our campaign: 
I'm about to take the stage for tonight's town hall in Las Vegas, Nevada. Tune in to at 8 PM ET to watch live.
Let me be clear: Mayor Bloomberg should release folks from their non-disclosure agreements. This is about transparency. The American people deserve to know the truth. 
The campaign trail is ruff without these two by my side.  
We have to take on the and pass real reform to end our gun violence epidemic. That starts with universal background checks, a ban on assault weapons, and holding gun manufacturers accountable.I've beaten the gun lobby twice — and I'll do it again as president.
We fall into the same pattern every time: a senseless act of violence occurs, politicians offer “thoughts and prayers,” and calls for reform fade away until the next tragedy inevitably occurs.I’m sick and tired of saying “enough is enough.” We can’t go on like this any longer.
Last night’s debate took place blocks away from the site of the deadliest mass shooting in American history — where a lone gunman took 58 precious lives and injured hundreds of others. Yet there were zero questions about how we end our gun violence epidemic. It was unacceptable.
It’s simple: If you like your private health insurance plan, you should be able to keep it. If you don’t like it, you should be able to choose a new public option.That’s the choice my administration will give every American — and we’ll do it without raising middle class taxes. 
Trump thinks the media is the enemy of the people. He's dead wrong.America’s commitment to free press, free speech, and free expression should never waver, and certainly not in the face of Chinese authoritarianism. We've got to stand up for these freedoms at home and abroad. 
We are in a climate emergency — and every day that Donald Trump remains in the White House further threatens the future of our planet. 
It's time to hold gun manufacturers accountable. 
Action can’t wait when it comes to gun safety reform, health care, and immigration. We need a leader with the proven ability to unite the country and get big things done. 
I’m feeling good about what’s to come for our campaign in Nevada, South Carolina and beyond. I could use your help to keep this momentum going. Chip in what you can, it’ll make a big difference for our campaign:  
 Michael Bloomberg has dedicated his life to Michael Bloomberg.And as Mayor, he stood by the side of Donald Trump.Donald Tr…
I’ve been knocked down a whole hell of a lot. But I know how to get back up. We have to get up and provide safety and security for the American people. 
  is out here proud and cheering on Joe in San Antonio!   
I know a lot of folks want to write our campaign off right now, but tonight is showing that we're just getting started. We need your help to make the most of tonight's debate.Chip in to keep our momentum going: 
Whether you’re in the Oval Office or on our party’s debate stage: racial profiling is wrong. Period.  
You can sue tobacco companies. You can sue pharmaceutical companies.The only companies you can’t sue are gun manufacturers because of a law Bernie Sanders voted for. 
I visited the Techren solar facility. Let me tell you: Nevada gets it. Solar facilities like this one are powering our transition to clean energy and creating jobs in the process. We've got to transition to a clean energy economy.  
 Without Obamacare I would have been uninsured for the last 3 years. I can’t imagine paying for the 10+ hospitaliza…
 Let’s not forget — has helped pass major, history-making health care legislation. Obamacare was, and still is, a B.F…
 When Michael Bloomberg says he reduced Stop and Frisk by 95%, he’s right. … if you start counting after the 605% increase in…
Obamacare was and is a big deal. The law:- Covered 20 million additional Americans- Protects over 100 million with pre-existing conditions- Allows young people to stay on their parents’ plans until age 26Mike Bloomberg calls that “a disgrace.” I call it progress.  
Lots of people on stage talked about health care tonight. I’m the only one who’s gotten anything done. 
At the height of Michael Bloomberg’s Stop-and-Frisk program:- 685,724 people were stopped- Nearly 80% were black or latino- Nearly 90% were innocent.He defended it as recently as this year. Who does he think he’s fooling?  
NBC did a poll the other day. Who did it say the best person to beat Donald Trump was? Me.  
The stakes of this election couldn’t be higher — we have to beat Donald Trump, and we only get one chance to do it. Poll after poll shows I’m the best candidate to get the job done. 
"In important things like flying or the running of a nation, experience makes the difference between success and failure." — Captain "Sully" SullenbergerThe White House is no place for on-the-job training. We need a president who will be ready on day one. 
I've taken on the and beaten them — twice. And I'll do it again as president because everyone should need to pass a background check to buy a gun. 
I don’t endorse Republicans. 
Welcome to the debates, Mike. We have a lot to catch up on about Barack Obama’s record. 
I know that these past few years have felt like a constant crisis. But this moment is more than a crisis — it’s also an extraordinary opportunity. It’s a chance for us to come back together as a nation to reassert the values that define us as Americans.
Let's be clear: Weapons of war have no place in our communities.That's why I took on the and passed a 10-year ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines — and I'll do it again as president. 
With just four days until the Nevada caucuses, there’s no time to waste. We need your help to make our final case to voters across the state. Every donation makes a big difference during this critical stretch.Chip in to bring us across the finish line: 
 Let’s be clear: Transgender equality is the civil rights issue of our time. There is no room for compromise when it comes to…
The abuse of power is the defining characteristic of Donald Trump’s presidency — and Attorney General William Barr has helped facilitate it. He should resign immediately. 
North Carolina's voter ID law was never designed to protect the sacred right to vote. It was designed to prevent people of color from voting.I applaud today's ruling, but our fight to make it easier for all Americans to vote is far from over. 
Today is the last day to early vote, Nevada! Confirm your polling location at  and head to the polls to make your voice heard. 
President Obama asked me to oversee the Recovery Act, which saved our economy from a depression. I secured the 3 Republicans we needed to vote for it—and ran the program with almost no waste. We didn’t inherit a growing economy—we worked for it. That's what I'll do as President. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Donald Trump: - Fans the flames of hate and emboldens white supremacists- Embraces dictators- Rips children from their parents' arms- Spouts racist lies about immigrantsWe have to get him out of the White House.
Faith is what has gotten me through difficult times in my life. It provides hope, purpose, and strength. And it is what gives me the reason to believe that our nation's best days still lie ahead. 
 — thanks for the kind words. I’m in Vegas this week. Let me know if you need an opener! 
 
On  we remember the leaders who showed strength in moments of fear, who brought us together in moments of division, and showed empathy in moments of pain.Then we remember that today, our President is Donald Trump. In November, let's end this chapter of history.
Nevada — you can early vote now! Don't wait until Saturday to make your voice heard, head to  to confirm your polling location and early vote today. 
At a time when the president is fanning the flames of white supremacy and hatred in our country, we cannot discount the voices of those who have the most at stake in this election. 
Americans should decide American elections. Period. House Democrats took action to protect our elections from foreign interference — it’s time Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans do the same. 
I believe the best way forward is to build on Obamacare with a Medicare-like public option for every single American who wants it. It's the best way to achieve universal coverage without raising taxes on the middle class. Read more: 
We need a president who puts protecting our children ahead of the 
We are so much better than Donald Trump.
I need your help if we're going to beat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation. With the Nevada caucuses less than one week away, your donation is more important than ever. Chip in today: 
You know better than anybody else what works best for your family. That’s why my health care plan starts with a choice: you can stick with private coverage, including quality plans that unions have negotiated, or you can go with a new public option. 
I’ve got the record and the vision to get big things done for America. 
NewtownParklandLas VegasEnough is enough. We have to take on the and end our gun violence epidemic. 
We are the United States of America. We are strong and great because of our diversity — not in spite of it. Donald Trump doesn't get that. We need a president who does.
Donald Trump’s inhumane, fear-based immigration policies are a stain on our nation. We have to get him out of the White House and ensure our laws reflect our values as a nation of immigrants.
Nevada — early voting starts today! Head to  to find all the info you need to make your voice heard. 
 We don't know about you, but we're FIRED UP and ready to caucus for Today marks the 1st day of Early Voting and we…
Working on boosting my name ID in Nevada. 
As we celebrate  we not only honor the past but recognize the history being written every day by folks like Milton. I'm grateful he's on our team. Watch his story: 
No one needs an AR-15. Period. We have to get these weapons of war out of our communities.
With just one week until the Nevada caucuses, we need your help to talk with folks about what's at stake in this election. Head to  to sign up to help.
 The countdown is on! We're exactly 7 days away from the  Have you made your voting plan yet? Visit 
 xo Jill  
Wanted to make sure you saw this, “Trump’s First 3 Years Created 1.5 Million Fewer Jobs Than Obama’s Last 3.” 
Two years ago, 17 innocent people were gunned down and 17 more injured by a shooter with an AR-15 style weapon at a high school in Parkland, FL. As we honor the memory of those we lost, we must recommit to taking action to end our gun violence epidemic. 
Happy Valentine’s Day, Jilly. You're the love of my life and the life of my love. 
Rep. has been a champion for labor, and for the state of Nevada. I’m proud to have his support as we head toward the Nevada caucuses. 
In the face of unspeakable tragedy, the students and parents of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School have turned grief into purpose. Their courage and resolve inspires me every day — and I know that with their leadership, we will end our gun violence epidemic. 
The United States Attorney General is not your private attorney, Mr. President. There are limits to your power. 
Too often, Black and Brown voters’ loyalty, support, and commitment to the Democratic Party are taken for granted. I’ve never taken it for granted — and I never will.The strength of our party is its diversity. We need to be sure every voice is heard. 
America is full of possibilities. With Donald Trump out of the White House, we can:- Solve the climate crisis- Rebuild the middle class- Make health care a right- Ensure our government works for all — not just the powerful
Where I come from, I don’t like people telling me what I have to choose — that’s why my plan will give people the option to keep their existing plan or buy into a new Medicare-like public option. In contrast, Medicare for All eliminates private and union insurance plans. 
Antarctica is facing extreme ice loss. Sea levels and temperatures are rising around the world. Yet Donald Trump continues to deny the evidence in front of his own eyes.We need to take action to solve the climate crisis—and that starts with getting Trump out of the White House. 
I have said from the day I announced that we’re in a battle for the soul of this nation. That is even more true today. We have a president who has been sending dog whistles of encouragement and support to white supremacists and hate groups.We have to beat Donald Trump.
I’ve released 21 years of my tax returns — why hasn’t Donald Trump released his?He is the most corrupt president we’ve ever had. 
I will nominate and appoint federal officials and judges who look just like the rest of America, including the AAPI community. I will build on the Obama-Biden Administration’s efforts to ensure that everyone has a voice in a Biden Administration.  
Obamacare covered 20 million additional Americans, protects over 100 million people with pre-existing conditions, and allows young people to stay on their parents' plans until age 26.We shouldn't tear all that down and start over — we should protect and build on it.
 Is there a better  story than someone who's known since she was in the 2nd grade? 😱 
Let me be clear: the fight to end Donald Trump's presidency is just beginning. 
If we give Donald Trump four more years in the White House, he will fundamentally alter the character of this nation. We can’t stand by and let that happen. 
We've only heard from two of the first 50 states, DC, and territories—where I come from that's the opening bell, not the closing bell. We're going to fight for every vote in every state, and we need your help to do it. Chip in to help fuel our campaign: 
Iowa and New Hampshire were just the beginning—we're taking this campaign to the rest of the country, and we need your help to talk with voters. Every conversation makes a big difference, and it's as easy as sending a text. Sign up to help today:  
I stand with the working men and women of because supporting labor means supporting our unions.
 is a leading voice about the challenges of the fourth industrial revolution. He brought fun and new ideas to the race. I'm grateful for it, and hope we hear more from him regarding how to ensure workers succeed in an era of increasing automation.
Under Donald Trump:- Job growth has slowed- Manufacturing is worse off- Income inequality is higher than everHe is squandering the growing Obama-Biden economy that he inherited — just like he has squandered everything else that he has inherited in his life.
I'm looking forward to seeing continue the fight to unify our nation, and beat Donald Trump, in the Senate — Coloradans are lucky to have him in their corner.
We need a president who chooses unity over division. If we come together and unite this country, there’s nothing we can’t do.
Nobody told me the road would be easy, but together we can and will win. 
 It's our turn, Nevada. 2.22.20  
99.9% — that’s the percentage of African-American voters who have not yet had a chance to vote in this nomination process. You cannot and should not win the Democratic nomination for President without the support of black and brown voters.
Iowa and New Hampshire were just the beginning. Now, we’re taking this campaign to Nevada and South Carolina, and we have to give it all we’ve got. Chip in to help power our campaign through this crucial stretch: 
Thank you to all of our incredible supporters, volunteers, and staff in New Hampshire! Your hard work and faith in our campaign mean the world to me. Now, we’re headed to Nevada, South Carolina, and beyond.
Joe's about to take the stage from South Carolina. Tune in to watch live: 
President Mandela was no ordinary man. When he stepped out of prison 30 years ago today, he immediately resumed his life's work to end apartheid. He showed us that trust and reconciliation are possible, delivering justice for his people.
There has been a lot of veiled criticism of the Obama-Biden record lately, so let me be clear about something: Barack Obama was a great president. We don’t say that enough. 
Thank you for standing with me, I'll fight alongside you every single day in the White House to strengthen America's unions and rebuild the middle class. 
Today’s the day — it’s primary day in New Hampshire!  Head to  to make calls into the Granite State from wherever you are in the country to help get voters to the polls.
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. If we want to win, it’s going to take everyone stepping up and making their voice heard. If you live in New Hampshire, confirm your polling place by heading to  and make sure to get out and vote today. 
It's primary day in New Hampshire — and we're counting on supporters across the Granite State to get out and vote. Head to  to confirm your polling location. Together, we can win this primary, beat Donald Trump, and restore the soul of this nation. 
Today’s the day, New Hampshire! Confirm your polling location at  and make sure to get out and vote. 
 You can take the girl out of Philly... 
Donald Trump is proposing cuts to Medicaid, Obamacare, and food assistance — while protecting giant tax giveaways to corporations and the super-wealthy. He has once again proved how morally unfit he is to lead our country. 
Donald Trump will say over and over that the economy is on the ballot this year. It is. But America’s character is on the ballot too. And despite what Trump says, we don’t have to choose one or the other.We can be a good country with a good economy. 
The New Hampshire primary is just one day away, and we need your help to talk with folks about what’s at stake in this election. Head to  to make calls into New Hampshire from wherever you are in the country.
I've always said you shouldn't let the barriers in life define you. Brayden sure as hell didn't let them define him. I'm proud to be a part of his story: 
 NH: primary day is tomorrow!Your vote is critical to electing the candidate who will beat Donald Trump, help Democrats win…
With just one day until the New Hampshire primary, we’re hard at work making our final case to voters — and we need your help. Chip in today to help us deliver our closing argument to as many Granite Staters as possible: 
We need a president with the courage to stand up to the and pass common-sense gun safety measures — not one with a long record of siding with the gun lobby. 
Experience matters. The White House is no place for on-the-job training. We need a president who will be prepared to clean up Donald Trump’s mess on day one.
I've lost a lot in my life, but I'll be damned if I'm going to stand by and lose my country too. We have to beat Donald Trump.
I know there are a lot of folks who want to write our campaign off already — but I’ve got news for them: We’re not going anywhere. There's too much at stake in this election.I will fight for every last vote, but I can't do it without you. Chip in today: 
There are just two days until the first-in-the-nation primary, and we need your help to bring us across the finish line. If you have a few minutes, head to  to talk with New Hampshire voters about what's at stake in this election. I’d greatly appreciate it. 
It’s not enough to just end Citizens United — we have to eliminate all private dollars from our federal elections.It's time we return our democracy to the people.
We are in a climate emergency. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and treat climate change like the existential threat that it is — before it's too late. 
Rebuilding the middle class and ensuring that this time everyone comes along starts with one word: unions. That’s why I look forward to signing the  as President. Congratulations to the House and labor movement for passing this landmark bill.
 has been hard at work talking with folks in every corner of New Hampshire — but it all comes down to this final push. Every conversation will make a big difference on Tuesday. Sign up to volunteer today: 
When it comes to expanding access to more affordable health care, Americans like Charlene can't wait. I'm the only candidate in this race who has passed a big, bold health care reform bill — and I'll do it again in the White House. 
Donald Trump does not deserve to be commander in chief for one more day. 
I just wrapped up tonight's  and I need your help to keep this momentum going. Every donation makes a big difference. Chip in today:  
Lt. Col. Vindman is an American patriot.  
With just four days until New Hampshire voters head to the polls, there’s no time to waste. We need your help to keep the momentum going from tonight’s  Chip in $5 to help power our campaign through this crucial stretch: 
 While was fighting to end gun violence and voting to hold gun manufacturers accountable, was voting t…
Five.That’s how many times Senator Sanders voted against the Brady background check bill that has kept 3 million firearms out of dangerous hands.I helped pass it.We need a president who'll stand up to the — not stand with them against lifesaving gun safety measures.
The United States must keep our commitments when we make them, otherwise we have no power to lead the world. The only way to not become the police of the world is to have allies that will join us in dealing with failed states and terrorism. 
The best path forward on health care is to protect and build on Obamacare — not tear it down and start over.  
As President, I will use military power responsibly and as a last resort. We will not go back to forever wars in the Middle East. 
Donald Trump called our troops’ traumatic brain injuries “headaches.” If my son had still been there in Iraq, I’d have been so damn angry. Donald Trump does not deserve to be commander in chief for one more day. 
Donald Trump should have been pinning a medal on Lt. Col. Vindman — not Rush Limbaugh. 
I led the Obama-Biden Administration’s efforts to pass and implement the Recovery Act, which saved the American economy from another depression and sent South Bend, IN, over $75 million to invest in projects around the town.Projects that Mayor Pete likes to take credit for. 
One of the most important issues we face as a nation is ensuring affordable, accessible health care. There's work to do, but that doesn't mean starting from scratch. It means protecting and building on Obamacare.  
We have to get real about health care. The American people deserve the truth and an explanation of what Medicare for All will cost — not political games.  
We’re not only going to have to win the White House but we have to bring along the United States Senate. We can’t do that with someone who labels themselves as a Democratic Socialist. 
I’m incredibly proud of Brayden for sharing his story on national TV. He is truly a remarkable young man — and I can’t wait to see what his future holds. 
No corporation pulling in billions of dollars in profits should pay a lower tax rate than our teachers and firefighters. It’s time corporations pay their fair share. 
Who in God's name needs a weapon that can hold one hundred rounds? These weapons of war have no place in our communities. I’ve taken on the to ban them once before, and I’ll do it again in the White House. 
We're just four days from the first-in-the-nation primary in New Hampshire, and we need all hands on deck to talk with voters before they head to the polls. Head to  to make calls to New Hampshire voters from wherever you are in the country.
When I met Brayden this week, he had a familiar anxiety on his face. It was the anxiety of a kid with a stutter, something I struggled to overcome when I was a kid too. Here's what I told him. 
We need a president who chooses compassion over cruelty.
It’s not hyperbole to say that we are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Everything that makes us who we are is at stake. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and take back this country.
Empathy matters. Compassion matters. We have to reach out to one another and heal this country — and that’s what I’ll do as president. 
John DiEleuterio had a huge heart and was a friend I counted on for over 50 years. As a Colonel in the National Guard and as the State Director in my Senate office, John served our country with dignity and distinction. Jill and I send our condolences to Maureen and his family.
I firmly believe America's best days still lie ahead. If we come together and unite this country, there's not a single thing we can't do.
Grace - I've said it before and I'll say it again: LGBTQ rights are civil rights. It's an honor to work for you and in service of justice for every American in this country. 
Let's be real about health care. You gotta level with the American people. Tell them the truth, what you think it's gonna cost and how you're gonna get it done. 
I grew up with a stutter. At tonight’s town hall, I was asked what advice I would give to those working to overcome their own — here’s what I said: 
Today, stood up and did the right thing. He showed courage on the Senate floor, when many did not. The only way we will defeat Trump now is to keep strong Democrats in the Senate—and a strong campaign at the top of the ticket. Chip in today: 
Looking forward to discussing what’s at stake in this election and my bold vision for the future of our country at tonight’s town hall in New Hampshire. Tune in to at 8 PM ET to watch live.
Only Donald Trump could debase our nation's highest civilian honor and turn it into a partisan political prop. 
My North Star as president will be rebuilding the middle class. And this time, we're going to bring everyone along regardless of race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability. 
Fred, it must not have been easy to sit there and listen to lie. I’m proud of you for speaking truth to the abuse of power. 
Mayor Pete likes to call me part of the old failed Washington. Was it a failure when I helped pass Obamacare, the Paris Agreement, the Violence Against Women Act, or the assault weapons ban?I have a stronger record of passing big, progressive legislation than anyone running.
Last night, President Trump turned his constitutional obligation to inform Congress about the state of our union into an episode of reality television. It was a shameful display. 
Our administration brought the economy back from the brink of depression, saved the auto industry, and made health care available to millions of families.Donald Trump gave billionaires a tax break. 
Rosa Parks helped ignite a movement that changed the course of history. Let’s carry on her legacy by continuing to push our nation to finally live up to our highest ideals. We can’t rest until we achieve liberty, justice, and equality for all. 
Caroline has served her country with the utmost distinction both at home and abroad. I'm honored to have her support as we head into New Hampshire, Nevada, and South Carolina. 
The fight against cancer is personal for me — like it is for so many people. And it's a fight we must win. With the incredible breakthroughs we've made in recent years — and with so many just over the horizon — I'm confident that we will end cancer as we know it. 
 has been integral to the labor movement and putting our country on a path towards lifting the middle class. We've got a long campaign ahead of us, and I'm thrilled to have the support of my friend John Costa and the hard-working members of ATU with me. 
 Tonight was a great night for us. We are thrilled with our performance across the state. We believe we will emerge with th…
Iowa was just the first step. Now, we’re taking this campaign to the rest of the country, and we need your help to do it. I know we’ve asked a lot these last nine months, but there's never been a more crucial time for our campaign. Chip in today: 
Everybody knows who Donald Trump is — it’s time we show them who we are. We choose: Hope over fear. Science over fiction. Unity over division.Compassion over cruelty. Truth over lies.
We need a president who is not only ready to fight but is also ready to heal this country — and that’s exactly what I’ll do as president. There’s nothing we’ve been unable to do when we do it together.
I want to thank our incredible supporters and volunteers in Iowa — and all across the country. Now, it’s onto New Hampshire, Nevada, South Carolina, and beyond! 
Joe's about to take the stage in Des Moines, Iowa. Tune in to watch live: 
Iowa — if you’re in line at your caucus location by 7 PM CT, you can caucus! 
America's character is on the ballot. I don't believe we're the dark, angry nation we see in Donald Trump's tweets — we are so much better than who he thinks we are.
Imagine all the progress we can make in the next four years. With Donald Trump out of the way, we can make affordable health care a right, lead the fight on climate change, and ban assault weapons.It's all possible. And it starts tonight in Iowa. 
In a few hours, Iowans will gather around the state to set our nation on the path to picking the next president. It’s a big responsibility—and we need everyone on  to show up and make their voices heard. Head to  to confirm your caucus location. 
The next president will inherit a country divided — and a world in disarray. There will be no time for on-the-job training.We need a president who is ready on day one.
The stakes of this election could not be higher. We only have one chance to beat Donald Trump — and we need a nominee who can get the job done. 
Caucus Day is here, Iowa! Head to  to confirm your caucus location and plan to show up by 6:30 PM CT. I hope I can count on your support — because together we can beat Donald Trump, unite this country, and win the battle for the soul of this nation. 
It’s caucus day in Iowa, and we need your help to bring us across the finish line. If you have a few extra minutes, head to  to make calls into Iowa. I’d greatly appreciate it. Let’s finish strong. 
We choose:Hope over fear.Unity over division. Truth over lies. Our nation’s character is on the ballot, Iowa. Tonight, let’s show them who we really are. 
Today’s the day, Iowa! Confirm your caucus location at  and make a plan to arrive by 6:30 PM CT. 
We can beat Donald Trump.We can unite this country.We can restore the soul of this nation.It all begins tomorrow night in Iowa. 
When we launched this campaign, I said we were in a battle for the soul of this nation. That battle begins tomorrow night in Iowa—and requires everyone stepping up and making their voice heard. If you’re with me, let me know by committing to caucus today: 
My values are rooted in the American character: tough, resilient, but always full of hope. We need a president who appeals to the best in us and unites this nation — because if we come together, there’s not a single thing we can’t do. 
This is the final stretch — the Iowa caucuses are just one day away and we need your help to keep the momentum going. Every phone call and every conversation will make a big difference tomorrow night. Head to  to make calls into Iowa. Let’s get to work. 
When I say we need to restore the soul of the nation, I’m not talking about taking us back to an America that never existed—but propelling us forward to a place we’ve never been. Where we finally live up to our highest ideals and everyone gets a full share of the American dream.
I’ve never been more optimistic about the future of America. There’s not a single thing we can’t do if we do it together. 
 This is the final stretch. Everything we have done, worked towards, and fought for comes down to Monday night. Help put us…
 has been hard at work making phone calls, knocking doors, and talking with as many folks as possible over the last nine months—but it all comes down to these last few days. We need all hands on deck for this final push. Sign up to volunteer today:  
The Iowa caucus is tomorrow night, it’s time to make your plan! Caucusing is fun and easy — and making a plan only takes a few minutes. Head to  to make sure you’re all set. 
Trump further diminished the U.S. in the eyes of the world by expanding his travel ban. This new “African Ban,” is designed to make it harder for black and brown people to immigrate to the United States. It’s a disgrace, and we cannot let him succeed. 
America was founded on the ideals of equality, equity, and fairness—we've never fully lived up to them, but we've never stopped trying. During  and all year-round, let's celebrate the rich history and culture that's always been vital to the fabric of America. 
Health care is on the ballot. We need to protect Obamacare from Donald Trump’s relentless attempts to repeal and sabotage it — and build on the law to ensure every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable care. 
We are in the midst of a crisis with the coronavirus. We need to lead the way with science — not Donald Trump’s record of hysteria, xenophobia, and fear-mongering. He is the worst possible person to lead our country through a global health emergency.
The Iowa caucus is just two days away, and we need your help to talk with as many folks as possible before Monday night. Head to  to make calls into Iowa from wherever you are in the country.
From my childhood in Scranton, Pennsylvania, to the halls of the White House — the middle-class values of hard work, respect, and decency have guided my entire life. It's time we brought those values back to the Oval Office. 
The Iowa Caucus is just days away and polls show us in a dead heat. I'm confident that we can compete and that we'll go on to beat Donald Trump—but we need your help to do it.Every dollar makes a big difference—chip in to bring us across the finish line:  
America's farmers deserve better than four more years of Donald Trump's empty rhetoric and broken promises. 
We have to restore the soul of this nation, build an inclusive middle class, and unite the country to get big things done. That all starts Monday night in Iowa. If you’re with me, let me know by committing to caucus today: 
With just three days until Iowa, we need all hands on deck to talk with folks about what’s at stake in this election. Every conversation during this final stretch will make a big difference on Monday night. Sign up to volunteer today:  
America's character is on the ballot. We can overcome four years of Donald Trump, but if given eight years in the White House, he will forever and fundamentally alter the character of this nation. We can't let that happen. 
Donald Trump's Muslim ban is a direct betrayal of America’s most fundamental freedom: religious freedom. And now he's adding more countries to his list of who's not welcome in America.It's not who we are — and we'll prove that when we beat Trump this November and end the ban. 
I've stood up to bullies my entire life, and I'm ready to stand up to the one in the White House. I hope President Trump heard that message loud and clear when he saw this ad air during Fox ; Friends this morning. 
Time and time again, Donald Trump has proven he has no moral rudder. Instead of having respect for others, he insults and demeans. He preys on divisions and stokes hate, instead of healing and uniting.Trump is everything we aspire not to be as Americans.
 ran his campaign with conviction to make our government work for the American people. He will continue to be an important voice in shaping our country for years to come. 
Let's be clear: If Donald Trump can afford to give giant tax breaks to the super-wealthy, then he can afford to ensure that the most vulnerable in our society receive the health care they need and deserve.We should be expanding Medicaid — not cutting it. 
Airline catering workers will feed thousands of people traveling to the Super Bowl, but can’t afford to feed their own families. I stand in solidarity with needs to ensure pay their workers living wages. 
The character of a president matters — and we have to make that clear this November. 
Donald Trump is the most erratic and incompetent commander in chief we've ever had. After four years of his self-made chaos, we'll need a president who is ready to clean up the mess on day one. 
With just four days until Iowa and one day until our critical end-of-month fundraising deadline — your support has never been more important. Every donation — big or small — goes a long way in this final stretch.Chip in today to help fuel our campaign: 
We can't let Donald Trump define us as a nation — we are so much better than who he thinks we are. Let’s choose to be the more perfect union we've always aspired to be and restore the soul of this nation. 
In four days, Iowans will gather in every corner of the state to set our nation on the path to picking the next president. It's a big responsibility — and we need your help to talk with as many folks as possible about what's at stake. Take action today: 
It’s no understatement to say that Donald Trump represents an existential threat to the future of our country. He has repeatedly shown little understanding of — and zero regard for — our laws, our values, or our democracy.We have to get him out of the White House.
Ending gun violence is on the ballot. We have to take on the powerful gun lobby and pass common-sense measures that will keep our kids safe. I've beaten the twice — and I'll do it again as president. 
As I’ve said many times, health care is deeply personal to me, like it is for so many Americans. I’m proud to stand with to fight for safe staffing, patient care, and fair pay. 
The true character of a person is revealed in the Oval Office. We saw it with President Obama. We're seeing it with President Trump — and what we've witnessed from this president over the last three years makes clear that we can't give him another four. 
Donald Trump has slammed the door shut in the face of families fleeing persecution and violence. On day one, I will eliminate President Trump’s decision to limit asylum and end the MPP program.  
I've spent my entire life bringing people together to get big, difficult things done. And I intend to do that as your president — unifying our country at the moment we need it most. There’s no limit to what we could do if we come together. 
Equal pay for equal work is common sense — and long overdue. That's why the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that the Obama-Biden Administration signed 11 years ago today. We have to continue the fight until we close the gender pay gap once and for all.
We need a president who respects religious freedom. 
The decision to allow the Trump Administration to discriminate against immigrants based on wealth is a cruel betrayal of our values. The next four years could have a generational impact on our federal courts — we have to make Donald Trump a one-term president.
I need your help if we're going to restore the soul of this nation. With the Iowa Caucuses just days away, your donation is more important than ever.Chip in $5 to help fuel our campaign:  
Climate is on the ballot. If we don’t get Donald Trump out of the White House and take action now to address the climate crisis, our planet may never recover. 
Donald Trump’s demonstrated failures of judgment and his repeated rejection of science make him the worst possible person to lead our country through a global health challenge. 
Imagine all the progress we could make in the next four years. We could make health care a right, lead on climate change, and get assault weapons out of our schools. It could all be a reality — but first, we have to beat Donald Trump. 
A peace plan requires two sides to come together. This is a political stunt that could spark unilateral moves to annex territory and set back peace even more. I've spent a lifetime working to advance the security ; survival of a Jewish and democratic Israel. This is not the way. 
Iowans, on Feb. 3rd, you have a chance for a twofer. You can ruin Donald Trump's night, and you can ruin Senator Ernst’s, too. 
Let's remember one thing when it comes to impeachment: Donald Trump is on trial because he's afraid to run against me. He knows I’ll beat him this November.
Health care is personal to me. Deeply personal. And I guarantee you that if I'm elected president, I will protect your family's health care as if it were my own family’s. 
Iowa caucus-goers take note. Joni Ernst just spilled the beans. She and Donald Trump are scared to death I’ll be the nominee. On Feb. 3rd, let’s make their day. 
No family in search of a better life should be denied permanent residency because they don't meet Donald Trump's wealth test.The United States of America should be open and welcome to all — not just the wealthy. 
Let's be clear: Donald Trump's Muslim ban was never about safety — it was a blatant ploy to fan the flames of bigotry and score points with his political base. I will end it.
With just one week until the Iowa Caucus, we need your help to bring us across the finish line. Every door knocked, phone call made, or dollar chipped in goes a long way in this homestretch. Head to  to get involved. 
On  and the 75th anniversary of Auschwitz's liberation, we honor the millions of Jews and other victims whose lives were extinguished by the Nazi regime. Today and every day, we must give hate no safe harbor to ensure such atrocities never again occur.
Selling off public services to private interests at the expense of workers and their communities should be a non-starter. Congratulations to the members of who went on strike for 84 days to fight for their rights — and won. 
Climate change poses an existential threat to our future — and we are running out of time to address it. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and rally the world to meet the urgency of this moment. 
I'm grateful to have the endorsement of the The battle for the soul of this nation begins in Iowa — and I'm confident that together, we'll make Donald Trump a one-term president and take back this country. 
Congrats on winning a Grammy for telling your story with strength — and with grace. Jill and I are so thrilled for you. Just beat Barack to an EGOT, will ya? 
Jill and I are sending our prayers to the Bryant family and to everyone who lost loved ones in today’s crash. It’s a reminder of how special — and fragile — life is. And it’s a reminder that we’ve got to make every day count.
Make no mistake: Our best days still lie ahead. If we come together and act as one America, there's nothing that we can't accomplish.
The seas are rising. Australia is burning. And in this moment of crisis, our President thinks windmills cause cancer. Solving the climate crisis, starts with beating Donald Trump. And once I do, we'll pass my ambitious climate plan. 
Firefighters represent the best of America — they put their lives on the line every single day and selflessly rush toward danger to save others.I'm grateful for the endorsement of There's no group of people I'd rather stand with. 
Every American deserves access to safe, clean drinking water. We have to hold polluters accountable and rid our water of unsafe levels of these chemicals for good. 
Happy Lunar New Year to all those celebrating throughout the country. I'm grateful for the contributions that the AAPI community has made to enrich America's diversity. I hope the Year of the Rat brings good fortune, health, and happiness to all.
One of my favorite parts of the campaign trail is meeting folks across the country and hearing their stories. So my team and I are picking one lucky person to sit down with me for a cup of joe.Chip in today for your chance to win:  
Let’s be clear: Transgender equality is the civil rights issue of our time. There is no room for compromise when it comes to basic human rights.
After four years of Betsy DeVos and the Trump Administration, our students and educators will need strong advocates in the White House who will repair the damage they have caused. That's exactly what they'll have with me and 
34 U.S. troops have been diagnosed with traumatic brain injury after Iranian missiles struck their base in Iraq. Donald Trump brought us to the brink of war—then dismissed the injuries as “headaches.”The idea that the commander in chief would take this lightly is disgusting. 
The stakes of this election couldn’t be higher. Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office, he poses a threat to America and the world. We have to beat him. 
Immigrants have always made our country stronger. Our diversity is, and has always been, our greatest strength. Donald Trump doesn't get that — we need a president who does. 
The next president will face the enormous task of picking up the pieces left by President Trump. They will have to salvage our reputation, rebuild confidence in our leadership, and mobilize the world to meet new challenges. There will be no time to lose. 
My Dad used to say, "don't tell me what you value. Show me your budget, and I'll tell you what you value." Your 2020 budget cuts Social Security and Medicaid while protecting giveaways to the wealthiest. You've shown us what you value. 
Great news out of Utah. No child should be subjected to the vile, immoral practice of conversion therapy. We have to ban it at the federal level and make sure every young person is affirmed and accepted just as they are. 
I tell people that when a family experiences tragedy, the most important thing they can do is to turn their grief into purpose. found his purpose — and his courage and determination have helped fuel the fight for gun safety reform. 
U.S. troops hurt in Iran's missile attack are being evaluated for traumatic brain injuries. To Trump, it's just “headaches.” We need a president who respects our service members and honors our sacred duty to care for our wounded warriors. 
It’s not hyperbole to say Donald Trump is a threat to our planet. We have to get him out of the White House and treat the climate emergency like the existential threat that it is. Our future depends on it.
On the anniversary of a hopeful moment, it's clear Trump's Venezuela policy is a dead end. Millions are suffering with the Maduro regime still in power. 
It’s going to take everyone rolling up their sleeves and doing their part to beat Donald Trump and take back this country. And with just 11 days until Iowa, your help has never been more important. Head to  to take action from anywhere in the country.
When we divert public funds to private schools, we undermine the entire public education system. We've got to prioritize investing in our public schools, so every kid in America gets a fair shot. That's why I oppose vouchers. 
Empathy matters. I think it's important — not only for leaders — but for everybody to treat people with respect. 
An administration that gives trillions in tax cuts to giant corporations and the super-wealthy but cuts food assistance for the most vulnerable in our society is morally bankrupt.
 We can no longer take a back seat against abuse of power. Take it from — we need to stand…
 The  bus tour may be over, but we still need YOU to help save the soul of the nation!Volunteer with us today: 
 Know your  location? What time to show up? How you plan to get there? Not to worry!  has you covered! Ma…
 NH's State Opioid Response grant program is vital to combatting substance use disorder and providing critical treatment
47 years ago today,  recognized a woman's constitutional right to choose — but that right is under attack across the country. We must codify Roe into law and fight back against any state laws that violate it.
My administration will not cut Social Security or Medicare benefits. Period. We’ll expand them. Meanwhile, Donald Trump is saying he would consider sacrificing seniors' benefits to protect tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans and big companies. We have to defeat him in November. 
Our students and educators deserve better than four more years of Betsy DeVos. 
Every morning I get up, I think to myself, "Is Beau proud of me?" He’s the one who made me promise to stay engaged — and that promise guides me every day. 
We have to end Citizens United, but we can't stop there. It's time we eliminate all private dollars from federal elections and return our democracy to the people.
I've been fighting to protect — and expand — Social Security for my whole career. Any suggestion otherwise is just flat-out wrong. 
Our government should work for everyone — not just the powerful or super-wealthy. We need to:- Eliminate all private dollars from federal elections- End Citizens United and dark money groups- Increase transparency and accountability
 Take a seat, grab yourself a drink, and listen to our campaign’s Rapid Response Director explain what really ha…
Make no mistake, Obamacare is on the ballot this November. Coverage for millions of Americans and protections for pre-existing conditions are on the ballot.We have to protect the progress we've made and show up to the polls to defend the Affordable Care Act. 
Ten years ago, the Supreme Court unleashed an unlimited flood of dark money into our politics with its Citizens United decision—further corrupting our politics ; eroding faith in our democracy.It’s time we end Citizens United. Add your name if you agree: 
 Not a joke folks! and have events across the state and want to see you there! Save your seat now: 
  is coming back to the Granite State! 🚨RSVP ⬇️ 
I was reminded this weekend by Pastor McCallum that we've got to bring a sense of community back to this country. That work starts now. 
Social Security is the bedrock of American retirement. And in my administration, we won't just protect it. We'll expand it. 
Thanks for acknowledging this, Bernie. These kinds of attacks have no place in this primary. Let’s all keep our focus on making Donald Trump a one-term president. 
The courage shown today by the lawmakers, staff, and gun safety advocates in Richmond is inspiring. It's long past time the calls for reform are met with concrete action that ends our gun violence epidemic.  today, and every day, until the job is done. 
From my days as a public defender to my time as Vice President — I've spent my entire career fighting against discrimination and championing civil rights. I'm running for president to bring that fight to the Oval Office and give everyone a full share of the American dream. 
In times of crisis and division, a president should seek to calm and heal. But time and again, President Trump has chosen to further stoke the flames.He is poison to the soul of our nation. 
As Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. said, “The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.” As we seek to restore the soul of this nation from a long moral lapse, we look to those words and take solace that this too shall pass and justice will prevail. 
Honored to have won Jacquelyn's endorsement. 
Donald Trump's poisonous rhetoric and divisive politics have brought America to an inflection point. In this moment, we have an enormous opportunity to take the next great step forward as a nation.Let's get to work. We can do this, together. 
This is a big victory for South Carolina. The right to vote is the most fundamental American right there is — we have to break down barriers to the ballot box and ensure every American can make their voice heard. 
The big banks didn't need an additional $32 billion in savings, and their shareholders certainly didn't need an extra $21.5 billion in payouts.It's time we ensure corporations pay their fair share and that our country rewards work — not wealth. 
The 60th anniversary of our alliance with Japan reminds us that close partnership and deep cooperation are among our greatest assets. I understand the value of our alliances; they make us stronger. I would build on this legacy, rather than dismantling it.
I stand with the snow plow drivers who work day in and day out to keep our roads safe, often in dangerous conditions. Every worker in this country deserves the dignity that comes with fair wages and benefits. Stay safe out there, 
Thank you for sharing your story. There’s a lot of kids who I bet needed to hear it. Being different isn’t a barrier to success. It can give you the strength to save lives in a crash landing — or even run for President. 
Donald Trump continues to embrace corruption at home and abroad. Rather than addressing the root causes pushing people to flee Central America, he has undermined anti-corruption bodies—first in Guatemala and now in Honduras. 
There used to be a basic bargain in this country—when you worked hard, you shared in the prosperity you helped create. But CEOs and Wall Street continue to put profits over workers. It's wrong.We have to restore the dignity of work and ensure everyone earns what they deserve.
Together, we're going to beat Donald Trump and take back this country.Chip in if you’re ready to leave him in the dust:  
Weapons of war have no place in our communities. It’s time we take on the and ban assault weapons for good.
Vermont — you don't have to wait until March 3rd to cast your ballot, you can early vote now! Head to  to find all the info you need to make your voice heard in the primary. 
Happy birthday, You’re a shining light in the lives of all that have the honor of knowing you. Jill and I are grateful to call you a dear friend.But don’t tell Jill — I’m still eating ice cream. And I’m not sorry. 
We need a president who respects our troops — and who will restore honor and integrity to the Oval Office. 
Donald Trump says he prefers war heroes who "weren't captured." He attacks Gold Star families. Now he calls our generals “losers," “babies” and “dopes."He degrades the office he holds every day. 
No malarkey here. 
Minnesota — early voting is now open! Don’t wait until March 3rd to cast your ballot, head to the polls and be one of the first in the nation to make your voice heard in the primary.Find everything you need to know here:  
It is a moral failing when children are ripped from their parents' arms, locked away in overcrowded detention centers, and denied toothbrushes and soap.We have to end Donald Trump's cruel policies and build a fair and humane immigration system.
This isn't just about who I am, this is about who we are as a country. We're tough, resilient, but always full of hope. With every fiber in my being, I believe there’s not a single thing we can't do—if we do it together. 
Hate never goes away; it just hides. And when leaders give it oxygen — as Donald Trump has done — it comes roaring back. 
America’s farmers have had enough of your empty promises, Mr. President.  
Let's be clear: white supremacy, racism, and violence have no place in America. We have to root out these evils and give hate no safe harbor. If we stand together, we will win the battle for the soul of our nation. 
Voting is a right. 
A president has to be able to not only fight — but heal and bring our country together. I promise you that’s what I will do if I’m elected. 
The character of our nation is on the ballot in this election. We are so much better than who Donald Trump thinks we are — and we have to prove that this November. 
If true, this constitutes an unprecedented attack on our Foreign Service. Amb. Yovanovitch spent her life advancing U.S. interests, only to be defamed by this administration. Our diplomats deserve better. It's inexcusable that Sec. Pompeo won't defend them. 
America has never lived up to our promise of equality for all, but we've never stopped trying. Virginia brought us closer to that highest ideal today by ratifying the long overdue  rights should be explicitly in our Constitution—not left to the whims of legislators. 
I'm more optimistic about our future today than I was when I got elected to the Senate as a 29-year-old. If we come together and unite this country, there's not a single thing we can't do. 
My thoughts and prayers are with Mustafa Kassem's family at this difficult time. His death, after six years in an Egyptian jail, is an outrage. Americans unjustly detained anywhere in the world deserve our government’s full support and relentless efforts to secure their release. 
This seems like a great reason to rejoin the Paris Agreement, 
I’m proud that today, our campaign is launching HBCU Students for Biden. This program will be dedicated to helping HBCU students throughout the country learn how to organize for our campaign. Sign up here:  
I'm ready to debate Donald Trump on the economy. The American people are getting clobbered, and the wealthy are the only ones doing well. We have to rebuild the middle class, and this time, make sure everyone comes along. 
Cornell is right — everything is at stake this November. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and unite this country. Because if we come together and act as one America, there is nothing that we can't accomplish. 
Historically Black Colleges and Universities have always been the heartbeat of our country’s fight for justice. That’s why I’ll invest $70 billion in HBCUs and Minority-Serving Institutions.When HBCUs rise, we all rise—join HBCU Students for Biden today:  
I just got off the debate stage in Iowa, where we're in the homestretch before the caucus. With just 19 days left, every dollar counts.Chip in if you're ready to take back this country and make Donald Trump a one-term president:  
This is the United States of America. There’s not a single thing beyond our capacity, if we do it together. Let’s go do it. 
With just 20 days until the Iowa Caucus, we need your help to fuel our campaign. Every donation—big or small—goes a long way in this homestretch.If you liked what you heard at tonight's  please chip in what you can to keep our momentum going: 
Look, I’ve been the object of Donald Trump’s affection now more than anyone else on this stage. I’ve taken all the hits he’s delivered, and I’m only getting stronger in the polls. 
Republicans have savaged my only surviving son. They’ve spread lies about me that networks won’t even carry. It doesn’t matter if they go after me.As President of the United States, I have to be able to not only fight — I have to heal. And that’s what I’ll do if I’m elected.
Child care is personal to me: I was a single parent as a young senator. I commuted home to Delaware every night to tuck my kids into bed. Child care should be affordable for every parent. 
Make no mistake, the situation with Iran is a crisis of Donald Trump’s own making. He claimed walking away from the Iran deal would deter Iranian aggression and result in a better deal. He failed on both accounts. 
Under the Biden administration, labor and environmental groups will be at the table to negotiate trade agreements. Period. 
Medicare should be able to negotiate prices with drug companies. 
I’ve been very clear about what my health care plan would do: Build on Obamacare by giving Americans more choice, reducing health care costs, and making our health care system easier to navigate. 
If we don’t write the global rules of the road for trade, cyber, climate change, and so much more, they may be written by China or other nations that don’t share our values. 
I wouldn’t meet with Kim Jong Un without pre-conditions. By meeting with him, Donald Trump gave Kim Jong Un what he was looking for: legitimacy. I will work closely with our allies and hold China accountable for its lack of pressure on the Kim regime’s bad behavior. 
No president can take our country to war without the informed consent of the American people. 
There’s a big difference between sending tens of thousands of American combat troops to the Middle East indefinitely – which I oppose and will end – and using small teams of special forces to support local forces doing the fighting to advance our common security. 
No one should shed a tear for Qassem Soleimani. But Trump’s reckless escalation and thoughtless withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal has made America less safe. We need a return to diplomacy and a steady hand at the wheel to navigate an increasingly dangerous world. 
When Trump discarded the Iran nuclear deal he promised it would produce a “better” one and curb Iranian aggression—the reverse happened. Iran has restarted its nuclear program and become more provocative. I’ll return to smart, disciplined diplomacy to address the threats we face.
In 2009 President Obama asked me to oversee our effort to bring home our combat troops. I’ll put my record and my judgment up against anyone in terms of who is the right person to be Commander in Chief. 
I’m about to step on stage for tonight’s  in Iowa. Make sure to follow along here and on for updates throughout the night, and tune in to at 9 PM ET to watch live!
So much of what’s tearing this country apart can be fixed if we treat each other with basic dignity and respect once again. That starts with having a president who leads by example. 
Donald Trump has once again sided with corporations over American workers by making it easier for them to get away with wage theft and overtime violations.It's time we put workers' rights over corporate greed and ensure everyone has the workplace protections they deserve. 
We’re in a battle for the soul of our nation — and Donald Trump is poison to our soul. He has:- Fanned the flames of hatred and bigotry- Embraced dictators- Ripped children from their parents' arms- Degraded our national characterWe have to get him out of the White House.
Why are you so obsessed with me, Mr. President? 
I'm married to a teacher, I see firsthand how difficult it is. We've got to let educators do their job so our students can succeed - that means paying them the salaries they deserve and giving them the respect that they've earned. 
From day one, Donald Trump has been determined to roll back every environmental protection he could get his hands on.At a time when the climate crisis is pushing our planet to the brink, we should strengthen protections — not weaken them. 
The stakes of this election could not be higher. Eight years of Donald Trump will fundamentally alter the character of our nation. We can't let that happen.We have to do everything in our power to make him a one-term president.
When we said to give us your tired, poor, and huddled masses, we absolutely did not mean "unless they are fleeing violence." 
Transit workers are being attacked every day, often while buses are moving, putting bus drivers and riders in harm's way. That's why I strongly support the Transit Worker and Pedestrian Protection Act to protect our workers from harm while doing their job. 
Donald Trump has no strategy when it comes to Iran. No endgame. The only way out of his self-made crisis is through diplomacy — clear-eyed, hard-nosed diplomacy grounded in strategy, that's not about one-off decisions or one-upmanship. 
Come on. Your administration has been arguing in court to repeal protections for people with pre-existing conditions.You're trying to take health care away from millions of people. The least you could do is be honest about it. 
Cory, you campaigned with joy and heart, and instead of just talking about bringing people together, you did it every day. You made our politics better just by running. Grateful to you and looking forward to your continued leadership.
  leadership is needed now more than ever before. Help him when the  no matter where you live. Sign…
Puerto Rico should not be treated any differently than if this happened anywhere else in America — it's wrong. We should be surging all the help that is needed to fix the damage done by the earthquakes. 
There’s enormous opportunity once we get rid of Donald Trump. We can:- Address the climate emergency- Build a more inclusive middle class- Build on Obamacare- Ensure our government works for everyone — not just the powerful
Trump’s reckless policies have needlessly endangered our interests in the Middle East. But none of us should be under any illusions about the Iranian regime, and the Iranian people — like all people everywhere — have the right to peaceful protest. The world should support them.
Gracias por su apoyo, Mayor Estoy orgulloso de caminar junto a los bomberos, los Angelenos, y los Americanos. Y hoy, me siento orgulloso de caminar junto a ti. Vamos. 
Thank you for your endorsement, Mayor I’m proud to walk with firefighters, Angelenos, and Americans. And today, I’m proud to walk with you. Let’s do this. 
I want to congratulate my friend Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller on making history. I've known Tom for years, he has never been afraid to take on the tough fights and has always served with honor and integrity—Iowa and our nation are better because of it. 
I've seen firsthand how hard our educators work for little pay and with few resources. They deserve better. It's time we support our educators by giving them the pay and dignity they deserve. 
What kind of nation are we if we simply accept that kids learn active shooter drills with their ABCs? We have to take on the and pass common-sense gun safety reforms to protect our children. 
Congratulations to President Tsai and the people of Taiwan for another successful election. You are stronger because of your free and open society. The United States should continue strengthening our ties with Taiwan and other like-minded democracies. 
Members of Teamsters Local 104 are striking against ASARCO for their unfair labor practices—I called into the picket line to support them. Every company should provide its workers with the pay and benefits they've earned—especially one that pulls in over $1 billion in profits. 
Firefighters represent the best of America — courageous, selfless, and always answering the call to duty. I'm grateful to those who are heading to help our friends in Australia battle devastating wildfires. 
Being a nation of immigrants is and has always been one of our greatest strengths. Our diversity has always made us stronger, but Donald Trump doesn’t get that. 
Make no mistake: the situation with Iran is a crisis of Donald Trump's own making. He brought us to the brink of war with no plan and no strategy.He is the most erratic and incompetent commander in chief we've ever had. 
I've released 21 years of my tax returns. Why haven't you released any of yours, Mr. President?Release your taxes or hush up about corruption. 
Donald Trump brought us dangerously close to starting a new war with Iran without any semblance of a plan.This moment requires a leader who will be ready on day one to pick up the pieces and repair the damage Trump has caused. 
I started the Cancer Moonshot so we could be the generation that finally cures cancer.You then tried to slash nearly $1 billion for cancer funding.We're lucky that the cancer rate is down, but we're luckier that Congress stopped you. 
This election is about the soul of America — and a nation that allows our epidemic of school shootings to continue has a troubled soul. We have to beat the and get weapons of war off our streets. Lives depend on it. 
Facebook continues to put their profits over the truth — allowing politicians like Donald Trump to spend an unthinkable amount of money on paid disinformation. Our democracy is worse off for their failure to confront this. 
 This election is different — the stakes are higher. It’s going to take a strong, experienced leader to put us back on track.…
 Folks from across the country are heading to Iowa to talk to voters about Want to join them? Sign up now ⬇️
We are so much better than who Donald Trump thinks we are. We don’t have to give in to his dark, petty, angry vision of America. We can choose to be the more perfect union we have always aspired to be — and restore the soul of this nation. 
Instead of using his statement today to lay out a coherent strategy on Iran, Donald Trump used it to mislead the country on the Obama-Biden record. He's been President for three years. It's time he stops blaming President Obama for his failures.
I'm thankful no one was hurt in last night's attack. But we're only in this mess because Donald Trump pulled out of the Iran Deal (which even his advisors said was working), turned his back on our allies, and had no strategy for what comes next.
Gabby is one of the strongest people I know. The resilience she has shown is remarkable. I'm inspired by her courage in turning tragedy into purpose and grateful for her relentless determination to make our country a safer place for all. 
3,820 days — that's how long it's been since the federal minimum wage was last raised. It’s unacceptable. Raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour nationwide should be just our starting point for ensuring workers receive the pay they deserve. 
Pope Francis is absolutely right. As a nation, we have a moral obligation to ensure everyone has access to the care they need. Health care is a right for all — not a privilege for the few. 
We have to rebuild the middle class. But this time, we have to make sure that people historically left out of the middle class — whether due to race, gender, sexual orientation, disability, or religion — have the chance to be included in our success. 
I’m going to hold off on commenting on the news tonight until we know more, but there is one thing I will say: Jill and I are keeping our troops and Americans overseas in our prayers. We hope you’ll keep them in yours.
Donald Trump says he wants to end endless wars in the Middle East, yet he is bringing us dangerously close to starting a new one. 
Estoy con el pueblo de Puerto Rico, nuestros conciudadanos, en este momento de necesidad. Es inconcebible que gran parte del arduo trabajo de la recuperación ante desastres aún no se haya hecho. Tenemos que ofrecer apoyo concreto a Puerto Rico antes de que se pierdan más vidas. 
I stand with the people of Puerto Rico, our fellow citizens, in this moment of need. It’s unconscionable that so much of the hard work of disaster recovery continues to be left undone. We've got to deliver concrete support for Puerto Rico now before more lives are lost. 
Nicolás Maduro is a dictator. I strongly condemn his regime’s violent takeover of the Venezuelan National Assembly, the country’s sole remaining democratic institution. 
Donald Trump is the most reckless ; incompetent commander in chief we've ever had. Every day he directs American national security is a dangerous day for the world.We have to get him out of the White House. Chip in to help make him a one-term president: 
At 1:00 PM, I'll be speaking about the escalating situation with Iran and the imperative need to restore respected, responsible, and dignified leadership on the world stage. Tune in to watch live: 
Trump wants to ignore climate science when making infrastructure decisions. In the Biden Administration, every dollar spent toward rebuilding our roads, bridges, buildings, the electric grid, and our water infrastructure will be used to reduce and withstand a changing climate. 
On Día de los Reyes, as Christmas comes to a close, we are reminded of the call of the three kings: to give of ourselves without expectation, seek peace no matter how long the journey, and know that a bright future is within reach. Jill and I wish a Happy Three Kings’ Day to all!
Let's be clear: Donald Trump does not have the authority to take us into war with Iran without Congressional approval. A president should never take this nation to war without the informed consent of the American people.
John Deere is laying off yet another round of workers in Iowa because of Donald Trump's reckless trade war. All he's succeeded at is taking jobs away from American workers. It has to stop. 
I stand in solidarity with those marching in New York against the rise of anti-Semitism. This is what the battle for the soul of our nation looks like — and it's up to all of us to reject intolerance in all its forms and give hate no safe harbor. 
Our Statue of Liberty invites in the tired, the poor, the huddled masses yearning to breathe free. But Donald Trump has slammed the door in the face of families fleeing persecution and violence. Jill traveled to Matamoros to shed light on how these policies hurt asylum seekers. 
This is a crisis of Donald Trump’s own making. He claimed pulling out of the Iran deal would deter Iranian aggression and result in a better deal. He has failed on both counts.He is the most erratic and incompetent commander in chief we’ve ever had. 
Hey do you think the American people want another war in the Middle East? Des Moines certainly doesn’t. 
The more the walls close in on this guy, the more irrational he becomes. 
The world is burning, yet Donald Trump continues to deny the evidence of climate change before all of our eyes. We have to get him out of the White House and take urgent global action to combat the climate crisis before it’s too late. 
This simply shouldn’t happen in America. Folks deserve access to affordable, quality long-term care in their homes. We have to fight for Alex and those who use long-term care. 
We can overcome four years of Donald Trump, but if we give him eight years in the White House he will forever and fundamentally alter the character of this nation. We can't let that happen. 
On the trail, I hear countless stories from folks whose lives have been changed by Obamacare. We can't afford to start over—we need a president who will protect and build on it to ensure everyone has access to quality, affordable care. 
The prospect of direct conflict with Iran is greater than ever. Does Donald Trump have a strategy for what comes next?Nothing we have seen from this Administration suggests that they are prepared to deal with the risks we now confront. 
We need a leader who will be ready on day one to pick up the pieces of Donald Trump's broken foreign policy and repair the damage he has caused around the world. 
 Members of  across the country are fired up and heading to Iowa to spread our campaign’s message to voters. Ready to j…
Our world has been set on edge by an erratic, unstable, and dangerously incompetent commander in chief. The stakes could not be higher. Every day that Donald Trump directs American national security is a dangerous day for the United States and the world. 
My statement on the killing of Qassem Soleimani. 
Donald Trump stacked the Supreme Court with justices to try to overturn Roe v. Wade—and now Republicans are seizing the opportunity to restrict a woman's constitutional right to choose. We have to fight these attacks and ensure this choice remains between a woman and her doctor. 
We're just one full day into 2020 and there have already been at least three mass shootings across the country. Enough is enough. We have a moral obligation to do everything in our power to end this gun violence epidemic.
Before the holidays, Jill walked across the Gateway International Bridge into Matamoros, Mexico, where families are enduring inhumane conditions. Jill witnessed the cruelty of Trump's policies and the resiliency of those risking their lives to seek asylum. 
If you're a teacher or a firefighter, you're probably paying more in taxes than Amazon or Netflix. We've got to make sure corporations pay their fair share.
I'm excited to share that we raised $22.7 million this last quarter — our biggest quarter so far this campaign! Thank you to everyone who chipped in what you could — your support means the world to me. You truly are the heart of our campaign. 
Like Vicky said, we need a president who will restore integrity to the White House. 
It was a privilege to work with during the Obama Administration, and a true honor to be in this talented field of candidates with him. He led his historic campaign with grace and heart and used his platform to lift the voices of others. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.
Every day that Donald Trump remains in the White House puts the future of our planet at risk. We have to beat him this November and take immediate action to address the climate emergency. 
This election is about the soul of our nation — and Donald Trump is poison to our soul. 
With just over one month until the Iowa Caucus, we need all hands on deck to talk with folks about what's at stake in this election.Join our team today and let's get to work: 
Every single human being deserves to be treated with dignity. Everyone. The poor and the powerless, the marginalized and vulnerable, the “least of these.” That has been the animating principle of my life and my faith. 
Our final fundraising deadline of 2019 is just hours away and we need your help. Every donation — big or small — goes a long way to helping us make Donald Trump a one-term president.Chip in before midnight to help us reach our goal: 
As we move into the New Year, there's one thing I know: in 2020 we're going to beat Donald Trump and take back this country.
2019 was a year of record violence — it will be a moral failure if we allow 2020 to be the same. We have to elect leaders with the courage to take on the and pass common-sense gun safety reform. We have to end this epidemic. 
Next year could give us one of two things: a new administration or four more years of Donald Trump.We can defeat him, but only with your help. Chip in what you can before our midnight deadline: 
It will take years to repair the damage Betsy DeVos is doing to our schools. Our students and educators deserve a Secretary of Education who values our public schools — and is actually an educator. 
We all said that Donald Trump’s trade war would lead to job losses and higher prices.And now, it’s leading to job losses and higher prices.I didn't read “Art of the Deal,” but this is the textbook definition of a failed negotiation. 
Tomorrow marks our end-of-year fundraising deadline and we need your help to reach our goal. Our campaign relies on supporters like you giving $5, $10, $20 at a time.Chip in to help us end the year on a strong note:  
Health care should be more than just a luxury reserved for those who can afford it. It’s a right we all deserve – one that is central to our dignity, and to who we want to be as a country. 
My dad had a saying: “Joey, the greatest sin of all is the abuse of power.”Right now, our democracy is at risk. We’ve got to come together and fight back against Donald Trump — Democrats, Republicans, Independents alike. 
Scripture is clear: It’s not enough to just wish the world were better. It’s our duty to make it so—including by leading the world in addressing the climate crisis and providing a roadmap to citizenship for those contributing to our communities. 
Congressman Lewis has always fought in the name of building a more just, more fair country. If there's anybody who can take the fight to cancer, it's you, John. Jill and I are sending our prayers to you and your family. Keep the faith, and keep up the fight. 
 Another packed room waiting for  
 The  app is the easiest way to connect with your friends, family and neighbors across Iowa about volunteering for
No one in America should work full time and live below the poverty line. It’s past time we raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour and provide a reliable pathway to the middle class.
Donald Trump will stop at nothing to sabotage Obamacare and roll back the progress we've made. We have to protect the ACA and build on it to ensure every American has access to quality, affordable care. 
The horrifying rise of antisemitism is tearing apart the fabric of our communities and the soul of this nation. We've got to stand together as a country and fight these flames of hatred.My deepest sympathies are with the victims, their families, and the Jewish community. 
Our democracy is in trouble. We’re at the breaking point. And we need a president who will rise above the personal attacks and reach out to unite this nation.If we come together and act as one America, there's nothing we can’t accomplish.
The subpoenas should go to witnesses with testimony to offer to Trump’s shaking down the Ukraine government — they should go to the White House.
But I am just not going to pretend that there is any legal basis for Republican subpoenas for my testimony in the impeachment trial. That is the point I was making yesterday and I reiterate: this impeachment is about Trump’s conduct, not mine.
I want to clarify something I said yesterday. In my 40 years in public life, I have always complied with a lawful order and in my eight years as VP, my office — unlike Donald Trump and Mike Pence — cooperated with legitimate congressional oversight requests.
Our end-of-year fundraising deadline is quickly approaching — and we need your help to reach our goal in order to make the investments in Iowa necessary to win.With just 38 days until the caucus, we need every dollar we can get. Chip in today: 
Donald Trump is a threat to the future of our planet. Over the last year, he has rolled back regulations on:- Methane leaks- Auto pollution- Clean water protections - Endangered species protectionsWe have to get him out of the White House. 
This is a big victory in the fight for voting rights. We should be making voting easier — not harder — and ensure every American can make their voice heard at the ballot box. 
Next year the American people will decide who we are as a nation and, perhaps even more importantly, who we want to be. We are so much better than who President Donald Trump thinks we are. 
 The best way to spread holiday cheer is sharing that you support for all to hear! Getting out in your community a…
Jill and I would like to send our best wishes to everyone celebrating Kwanzaa. Today is the start to a seven-day reflection on the rich heritage of African-American culture, remembering the seven principles.
Donald Trump is cutting food assistance for 700,000 people, but somehow found $1.4 billion for his sham of a border wall. This administration is morally bankrupt. 
When we say Merry Christmas from the entire Biden family, that means even the dogs. 
May your time with loved ones be full of peace, laughter, and joy. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays. With love, from my family to yours. 
 On Sunday, I walked across the Gateway International Bridge into Matamoros, Tamaulipas, Mexico to meet with asylum seekers. I…
Hope you all are having as much fun this holiday as I did answering these questions: 
There is no denying the existential threat of climate change — and time is running out to address it. If we give Donald Trump another four years in the White House, our planet may never recover. 
It’s simple: companies should have to compete for workers just like they compete for customers. We should get rid of non-compete clauses and no-poaching agreements that do nothing but suppress wages. 
Our firefighters work tirelessly to make our communities safer, better places to live. We need a president who supports them and rewards work, not wealth. 
We can’t let the scourge of gun violence tear our communities apart any longer. We need to take on the and pass common-sense reforms to end our gun violence epidemic. 
Donald Trump should release his taxes or shut up about corruption. 
After the most corrupt administration in modern American history, the next president faces a big task: restoring faith in American government. We must root out corruption and ensure our government works for the people — not the powerful. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. We can’t sit by while hate crimes surge — fueled by a president who fans the flames of white nationalism. It’s up to all of us to reject intolerance in all its forms and give hate no safe harbor. 
 and I send our warm wishes to everyone celebrating Hanukkah in the United States and around the world. Chag Sameach!
America's farmers are being undermined by Trump's broken promises. No one knows that better than Iowa. We need a president who will keep his word. 
If Donald Trump ever makes you feel like this, chip in $5 to help us get him out of the White House:   
I’ve dedicated my life to public service. We need a president who honors that duty. 
Michael CohenMichael FlynnRick GatesPaul ManafortGeorge PapadopoulosRoger StoneDonald Trump has surrounded himself with people who flout our laws — we shouldn’t be surprised that he thinks he is above the law. We deserve better as a country. 
If anyone has reason to be angry with Republicans, it’s me. I have no love for them after the way they’ve attacked me and my family. But we have to unite this country and get things done. 
TJ: Stay strongMe, Jill, and the whole Biden family are with you. Not just in spirit — for anything.You have the right attitude. You are going to beat this and when you do, we are going to be there to celebrate.  Love you, and we're here with you. 
We have to rebuild the backbone of this country — the middle class. And this time, we have to ensure everyone comes along. 
I don’t care whether you’re an undocumented immigrant, an asylum seeker, or born in the US. Forcing people to choose between being reunited with their kids and risking arrest sets a new standard for cruelty. This idea is Stephen Miller’s. The responsibility is Trump's. 
When Champ and Major go to the vet, I want them to get the best care, and for their caretakers to be paid a fair wage. are standing in the way of unionization efforts at and Vet techs deserve a voice in the workplace.
It has now been nearly 300 days. It’s time for McConnell to do his job and bring this bill up for a vote. Lives depend on it. 
I’m more optimistic about our future today than I was when I got elected to the Senate as a 29-year-old. If we come together and act as one America, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish.
We had a great night at tonight’s  and I really appreciate your support. Let’s keep this momentum going — if you can, chip in $5 to help fuel our campaign now:  
China commits enormous human rights abuses, and denies its citizens access to basic information — all while Trump looks the other way. If I am president, human rights won't be blacked out of the conversation. 
We've got to level with the American people. Don't play games with them. Tell them the truth and be authentic. 
If you believe we need to bring empathy back to the White House chip in $5:  
I just stepped off tonight's  stage, where I discussed my bold vision for our future and how I'll deliver real change for American families. It was a great night, but now I need your help – chip in $5 to keep our momentum going: 
I’ve worked my whole life to overcome a stutter. And it’s my great honor to mentor kids who have experienced the same. It’s called empathy. Look it up. 
The ability to make change will come down to three things: - Who can beat Trump?- Who can help flip the Senate?- Who can turn big ideas into change? I am the best candidate on stage to do all three. 
The climate emergency presents an enormous opportunity for our nation to take action. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and tackle this crisis.  
Let’s be clear — Medicare for All not only ends private health coverage, it eliminates millions of jobs, and increases taxes on the middle class.  
I have long been a skeptic on Afghanistan. We must learn the lessons of the past 18 years. It is long past time to end America’s longest war and focus on what is achievable: a narrow counterterrorism mission. 
  has been a leader on public financing of elections throughout his career.  It would amplify the voices of the…
I refuse to accept the notion that we can never get to a place where we have cooperation again. If that’s the case, we’re dead as a country. When we can’t convince them, we have to go out and beat them.  
The United States and our partners make up more than half of global GDP. If we stand together, China won’t be able to withstand the pressure. We should be mobilizing our allies to meet this challenge, not driving them away. 
America's commitment to Israel’s security must be unwavering. The Obama-Biden administration provided unprecedented levels of assistance, including for Iron Dome. But true peace and security for Israelis ; Palestinians requires a two-state solution. Trump has set us back.
If anyone has reason to be angry with the Republicans and not want to cooperate it's me, the way they've attacked me, my son, my family. I have no love. But the fact is we have to be able to get things done and when we can't convince them, we go out and beat them. 
We need to restore integrity to the office of the Presidency. And it's time we got that underway.  
The middle class is getting killed. 40% of farmers in the midwest couldn’t pay their bills last year. We have to make sure the middle class has a shot, and that’s why we must change this Presidency now.  
The science is clear: we need action now, and we can't do it alone. As president, I will take unprecedented action at home and abroad to tackle the climate crisis head on.  
My north star as president will be rebuilding the backbone of this country: the middle class. And, I’m going to make sure that this time everyone comes along. 
The House carried out its constitutional duty in impeaching Donald Trump. Regardless of the outcome in the Senate, we must stay focused on doing everything we can to ensure he doesn’t get elected to a second term. Join us: 
I’m about to step on stage for tonight’s  in LA. Follow along here and on for updates throughout the night, and tune in to and at 8 PM ET to watch live!
Our children's future and the success of America stands on the shoulders of public school educators. Educators deserve to have fair wages and the resources they need to be able to do their jobs. 
The defining characteristic of the Trump Administration is the abuse of power.
Joe Burrow worked hard to reach the pinnacle of college football, but he never forgot the everyday struggle of the community he came from. Joe - your humility is inspiring. Thank you for reminding us to never forget those less fortunate than us. 
John Dingell was an American patriot and a selfless public servant — and Debbie Dingell has carried his legacy in the House with grace and dignity. This is equally as cruel as it is pathetic, and it is beyond unconscionable that our President would behave this way. 
Donald Trump failed to repeal the ACA in Congress. Now he has turned to the courts to sabotage it — and is threatening protections for more than 100 million people with pre-existing conditions in the process. We need to protect Obamacare — and build on it. 
President Trump abused his power, violated his oath of office, and betrayed our nation. This is a solemn moment for our country. But in the United States of America, no one is above the law — not even the President.
With just 47 days until the Iowa Caucus, we need your help to talk with voters across the country about what's at stake in this election. You can make a difference from wherever you live by going to  to get involved.
Deberíamos dedicar las mentes más brillantes de Estados Unidos a resolver la epidemia de violencia armada. Estos fondos para la investigación sobre las causas y la prevención de la violencia armada debieron haberse otorgado hace mucho tiempo. 
We have to rebuild the backbone of this country — the middle class. And this time, we’re going to ensure that everyone comes along. 
Hate didn’t begin with Donald Trump, and it won’t end with him. But this is a defining moment in our nation’s history. A moment where we are once again called to fight against the same forces of hate and intolerance that we've battled throughout history. 
We should be dedicating America’s brightest minds to solving the gun violence epidemic. This funding for research on the causes and prevention of gun violence is long overdue. 
Glad to hear and Sodexo reached a tentative agreement that provides workers with the wages and benefits they deserve. I look forward to joining the debate tomorrow to discuss how I'll strengthen our unions and build an inclusive middle class. 
 It is long past time that every American has 12 weeks of paid leave to address their own health needs or care for any of their loved ones.
It's about time that federal workers get paid parental leave. Congratulations to and for pushing this bill over the finish line in Congress. 
We need a president our children can look up to. 
Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office, he proves how morally unfit he is to lead our country. We must make him a one-term president.
 is a patriot who has dedicated his life to serving our country. I'm lucky to call him a friend and honored to have his endorsement. 
Let’s call this what it is: a right-wing effort to influence our elections and make it harder for folks to vote. We have to fight these partisan attacks on our democracy and ensure everyone can make their voice heard at the ballot box. 
There is no time to waste when it comes to addressing the existential threat of climate change. We need a president who is ready on day one to rally the world to meet the urgency of this crisis. 
If Donald Trump is re-elected, he will fundamentally alter the character of this nation forever. We can't let that happen. 
Amazon, Netflix, General Motors, Chevron, Starbucks, and 86 other corporations paid less in federal income taxes than you did last year. It's wrong — and it needs to end.It's time corporations pay their fair share. 
We must take on the and get these weapons of war off our streets. 
Good news: the open enrollment deadline has been extended until December 18th! Head to  to choose a quality, affordable health insurance plan for 2020.  
This same poll has you losing to me by 7 points. 
I'm grateful to have the support of Birmingham Mayor Randall Woodfin. It's time we come together and remember who we are as Americans: we treat each other with dignity, we give hate no safe harbor, and we leave nobody behind. 
As president, I’ll partner with American farmers to combat climate change and make U.S. agriculture the first in the world to achieve net-zero emissions — all while giving farmers a new source of income in the process. 
These kids and their families suffered unimaginable horror and loss. This past weekend—7 years to the day of the Sandy Hook massacre—they won the state championship.They give me hope, and can teach us all a lesson about resilience in the face of tragedy.
It is within our capacity to end the gun violence epidemic. We need a president who will take on the and beat them (again). 
The administration should extend the deadline, plain and simple.This is personal to me. We can’t let Trump sabotage Obamacare — and prevent thousands of people from getting care.If you can't access  and want to  call (800) 318-2596. 
Health care is personal for me — like it is for so many Americans. That’s why I’ll never stop fighting to ensure everyone has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care. 
We gotta beat Trump next year, and we’ll need a strong, strategic ground game run by top-notch organizers to make it happen — are already building it through Send in your application ASAP:  
Today is the last day of Obamacare's open enrollment for 2020 coverage! Head to  to find an affordable, quality plan that works best for you. 
My favorite part of being on the road is getting to visit small neighborhoods and talk to voters like Greg. Every conversation I have makes me even more optimistic about the future of our country. 
2019 was Alaska’s warmest year on record, and it’s affecting vulnerable indigenous communities. As president, I promise that I will take bold action against climate change and ensure we achieve a 100% clean energy economy. 
The Trump Administration is recklessly loosening regulations on greenhouse gas emitters. As president, I’ll ensure these corporations are held accountable. 
The leading Democrat opposed to impeachment is switching parties to protect Trump.The best way to beat him is to give him a well funded opponent — and a strong campaign at the top of the ticket.Pitch in to me and the Democrat who will face him:  
Donald Trump has presided over the most corrupt administration in modern American history.
Our teachers aren’t just educators — they’re coaches. They’re giving our children the confidence they need to grow, just like they did when I was a kid. If we want to invest in the future of America, it starts with supporting our teachers. 
 Earning every single vote — one selfie at a time! 
Climate change is a global crisis that requires a global response. Sign this petition if you think the United States should rejoin the Paris Agreement: 
As president, I’ll call for an unprecedented investment in our country’s infrastructure so the American middle class can compete and win in the global economy. Read my full plan here: 
Seven years after Newtown, we have to ask ourselves: what kind of nation are we if we simply accept that kids learn active shooter drills with their ABCs?We can defeat the NRA. And we'll use every tool of our democracy to do it. 
Donald Trump doesn’t know who we are as a country. We’re a nation of immigrants — and our diversity has always been our biggest strength. 
There is enormous opportunity once we get Donald Trump out of the White House. My administration will tackle the climate emergency head-on and create 10 million jobs to power the clean energy economy of the future. 
I won't be crossing a picket line. We’ve got to stand together with for affordable health care and fair wages. A job is about more than just a paycheck. It's about dignity. 
The right to vote is the most sacred American right there is — and we can protect it by restoring the Voting Rights Act, stopping foreign interference in our elections, fighting back against gerrymandering and calling for automatic voter registration.  
Tom Joyner is like no other. and his presence in the community were legendary, and his work on HBCUs will make a difference for generations. Tom made millions smile and touched many lives — on and off-air. "The Fly Jock" is an undisputed legend. 
There is no time to waste when it comes to addressing the climate emergency. On day one, I’ll take bold action to unleash the power of renewable energy and put us on course to become a 100% clean energy economy with net-zero emissions by 2050.  
I applaud the Senate's landmark legislation formally recognizing the Armenian Genocide. If we don't fully acknowledge the past, “never again” loses its meaning. The facts must be as clear and as powerful for future generations as for those whose memories are seared by tragedy. 
President Trump continues to deny the scientific evidence in front of his own eyes — and we’re all paying the price. We must get him out of the White House and treat climate change like the existential threat it is. 
We must restore our nation's commitment to humane and effective immigration policies. As president, I'll provide a fair and just system that helps to grow and enhance our economy, and secure our  cherished values. 
The one truly sacred obligation our government has is to properly train and equip the men and women who defend our nation at war and to care for them and their families—while they’re deployed, and after they come home. We need a president who will honor that obligation. 
What kind of president bullies a teenager? you could learn a few things from Greta on what it means to be a leader. 
Give it a rest, man. 
Trump’s reckless decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement has put our ability to confront the climate crisis in jeopardy. It proves he doesn’t have any idea of what we’re up against, despite indisputable evidence. And it again confirms that he's incapable of real leadership.
I’ll rejoin the Paris Agreement on day one—and rally the world to push our progress further and faster. It’s time to put an end to Trump’s shameful abdication of leadership. The future of our country and the world our children and grandchildren inherit hangs in the balance.
The first and most important part of my climate change plan: beating Donald Trump. 
We are so much better than who Donald Trump thinks we are — we cannot let him define us as a nation.
We must take urgent action to end Donald Trump’s draconian immigration policies. In my first 100 days, we will:- End his inhumane asylum policies- End wasteful efforts to build a wall- Reverse “Muslim bans”- Reverse his “public charge” rule- Protect Dreamers ; TPS holders
Trump has bullied our neighbors in Central America and abandoned U.S. leadership in the region.As president, I'll renew a robust commitment to U.S. leadership and pursue a comprehensive strategy of support for Central America: 
You shouldn’t be forced to give up the health insurance and benefits that you fought for. Period. 
 Our gun laws make these hate-filled attacks even more deadly. We must pass common-sense reforms to keep guns out of dangerous hands and work to end our gun violence epidemic.
 and I are keeping those affected by this hate-filled attack in our hearts. We cannot be silent in the face of anti-Semitism. We are in a battle for the soul of this nation — and it's up to all of us to stand up to bigotry and to give hate no safe harbor. 
Being a nation of immigrants has always been one of our greatest strengths. Our diversity makes us stronger. Donald Trump doesn't get that — we need a president who does. 
Immigration has always made us stronger—it’s essential to who we are. But Donald Trump has waged an assault on our values as a nation of immigrants.As president, I'll undo Trump’s damage and put our values back at the heart of our immigration system: 
 passion and courage have inspired millions and sparked a youth-led movement for change in every corner of the globe. This honor is well-deserved and serves as a reminder of the urgent, drastic action we must take to address the climate crisis. 
Folks are coming together across the country to host watch parties for next week's Democratic debate! Head to  to sign up to host one in your community.
We can't afford four more years of a president who denies the scientific evidence in front of his eyes. We must get Trump out of the White House and treat climate change like the existential threat it is. 
President Trump is leading the most corrupt administration in modern American history. At every turn, he has used the power of the presidency to benefit his own personal interests. It has got to end.I'll ensure our government works for all Americans — not just the powerful.
My team and I are going to pick one lucky person to come out and join me for dinner (and ice cream) on the campaign trail! Time is running out to enter the contest — chip in today for your chance to win:  
With just two months until the Iowa Caucus, we embarked on an eight-day, 18 county  barnstorm across the state. Folks are fired up to defeat Donald Trump and take back this country. 
Couldn’t have said it better than Chief Acevedo: “You’re either here for women and children and our daughters and our sisters and our aunts or you’re here for the NRA.” 
We shouldn’t have to live in fear of President Trump’s erratic, impulsive decisions. 
Yesterday, on the eve of  Trump again coddled a dictator—blocking a UN meeting on North Korean human rights, betraying our values. Trump continues to side with the brutal Kim Jong Un regime at the expense of American leadership, our allies, and our security. 
 and I join communities around the world in marking  This day is a time of reflection and recommitment to the notion that all human beings are equal in dignity and rights. 
It’s been just two months since John Deere laid off 160 workers in the Quad Cities in part because of President Trump’s reckless trade war—and now, a second round of layoffs is expected in the same community.Trump’s failed policies are destroying American jobs.
36,878 — that’s how many Americans have died from gun violence so far this year. We cannot go on like this any longer. We must take action to end our gun violence epidemic.
 Our team in Iowa is working hard every day to elect — and they need your help! Chip in what you can to help our team…
Donald Trump is erratic, unstable, and dangerously incompetent. Every day that he directs our national security is a dangerous day for the United States. 
We can make Donald Trump a one-term president and take back this country — but we cannot do it without your help. Join our team today and let’s get to work: 
No matter where you start in life, there should be no limit to what you can achieve. We’ve got to rebuild the middle class and this time, make sure everyone comes along.
Educators deserve a partner in the White House. As president, I will support our educators by giving them the pay and dignity they deserve. Learn more about my plan for educators, students, and our future: 
Prescription drug companies are profiteering off the pocketbooks of sick individuals — it’s wrong. As president, I will stand up to the abuse of power by drug corporations and put an end to runaway drug prices. Read my full plan here: 
It is our moral responsibility to end gender-based violence. And as president, I will lead the global effort to end sexual violence.  
We cannot go on denying the devastating effects of climate change — we must choose science over fiction. As president, I will address this grave threat and lead the world in addressing the climate emergency. 
 Small businesses are the backbone of our nation’s economy.  That’s why supporting entrepreneurs is so vital to our campaign.…
It is within our grasp to end our gun violence epidemic. As president, I will hold gun manufacturers accountable, get weapons of war off our streets, and keep guns out of dangerous hands. Read my full plan: 
 and I send our deepest condolences to the family, friends, and colleagues of former Iowa congressman and statesman, Berkley Bedell. Congressman Bedell’s legacy will be remembered as the epitome of public service. Iowa is a better place because he served there.
I’m glad the Senate passed the  to permanently fund historically black colleges and universities, and other minority-serving institutions. I’ll invest $70 billion in these institutions to improve affordability, build new facilities, and support student success. 
We cannot stand by and let Donald Trump destroy the character of our nation. We must make him a one-term president.
Today, we remember Pearl Harbor and those we lost — like Seaman Roy Powers and Seaman Jimmy Palides who we honored today in Oelwein, Iowa.It’s an opportunity to reflect on all our veterans’ sacrifices, and recommit to ensuring they receive the care they have earned. 
Marge turns 100 soon, so I asked her about her secret to longevity. 
We have a Secretary of Education who doesn't value our public schools, an EPA Administrator who doesn’t believe that climate change is an existential threat, and an Attorney General who puts the selfish interests of the President ahead of the American people. We deserve better.
It's the final day of the  barnstorm, but the enthusiasm we’ve seen could make a big difference in the next few weeks before the Iowa Caucus.We need your help to keep this momentum going—contribute today to keep fueling our efforts:  
House Democrats have passed legislation to: - Enact universal background checks- Reauthorize VAWAIt’s time for McConnell to do his job and bring these bills up for a vote. 
Couldn't have said it better myself! I’m honored to have join me for the  barnstorm. 
We deserve to know what Donald Trump is hiding. 
Today, House Democrats led the way by passing a bill to restore the Voting Rights Act. All but one Republican voted against it. Shameful. Strengthening our democracy should not be a partisan issue.  
The Voting Rights Act used to be one of our best tools to fight state laws designed to suppress the vote — particularly the votes of people of color. Then it was gutted by the Supreme Court, and Congressional Republicans have refused a legislative fix.
I’m so proud and so humbled to have support. He is an American hero, statesman, visionary, and friend. His endorsement and partnership mean the world to me. 
I'm proud to stand with and NH’s state employees as they fight for fair wages — Governor Sununu cannot shortchange workers with a contract that doesn't fairly compensate them.  
 and I send our prayers to those affected by today's tragic shooting at Naval Air Station Pensacola. We're grateful for the brave first responders who rushed to the scene and selflessly risked their lives to save others.
A job is about a lot more than a paycheck. It’s about dignity. It’s about being able to look your kid in the eye and say everything is going to be okay—and mean it. Too many people today can’t do that.We have to rebuild an inclusive middle class and restore the dignity of work.
This administration is morally bankrupt. 
We need a president who is respected on the world stage. 
Congratulations on 64 years of empowering workers to bargain for what they deserve. The 40-hour workweek, paid leave, health care protections, a voice in your workplace safety — it’s all because of unions. It’s time we recognize that.
Nuestro presidente debería ser capaz de cumplir con una prueba simple: entender que los puertorriqueños son ciudadanos americanos y que tienen derecho a, y merecen, el mismo apoyo del gobierno de los Estados Unidos que todos los demás ciudadanos. 
Our president should be able to meet a simple test: understanding that Puerto Ricans are American citizens, and that they are entitled to—and deserve—the same support from the United States government as every citizen.Donald Trump has failed that test. 
DREAMers are Americans — and it’s time we make it official. We must keep our promise to them and provide a pathway to citizenship. 
President Trump continues to embarrass us on the world stage. We need a president who is ready on day one to repair our global reputation and restore American leadership abroad.But I can't get to the White House without your help, chip in today: 
As president, I’ll make sure giant corporations and the super-wealthy pay their fair share in taxes — and then invest that money in growing a stronger, more inclusive middle class. 
President Trump is destroying American leadership and credibility abroad. As president, I'll rebuild a modern, agile U.S. Department of State—investing in and re-empowering the finest diplomatic corps in the world. 
My administration will spark the second great railroad revolution to propel our nation's infrastructure into the future and help solve the climate emergency. 
The world is laughing at President Trump. They see him for what he really is: dangerously incompetent and incapable of world leadership.We cannot give him four more years as commander in chief. 
Take a look inside the  bus with my favorite road trip partner, 
We are in a battle for the soul of America. It’s time we come together, remember who we are, and take this country back. 
Nearly 1 in 3 women worldwide are subjected to physical violence, rape or stalking by a partner at some point in their lives. As president, I’ll tackle this epidemic head-on, and work to end violence against women.  
The Trump Administration's "Infrastructure Weeks" have been a bunch of malarkey. As president, I'll make a transformational investment in our nation's infrastructure and future. 
I applaud Monday's sentences against seven of the men found guilty of killing Honduran environmental leader Berta Caceres. Environmentalists and human rights activists should not have to fear for their lives.  
Every worker deserves fair wages, good benefits, and protections from sexual harassment. I’m proud to stand in solidarity with I urge the university to negotiate in good faith to secure a fair contract with good health care benefits.
I’m running for president to restore the soul of this nation, rebuild a more inclusive middle class, and unite all Americans.If you’re with me, let me know by chipping in to our campaign today: 
Kamala Harris is an incredible talent with unlimited potential. Her career has been defined by taking on those who abuse power and seeking equity and justice for all people. Her intellect and insight will continue to be needed by the Democratic Party and the country.
Everyone deserves the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care. My administration will give people the choice between their existing plan and a Medicare-like public option. It’s the most effective way to achieve universal coverage.
 Confirmed: true.
In the United States of America, we leave nobody behind — no matter your race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or disability. We need a president who understands that. 
If we don’t take urgent action to address the climate emergency, our planet may never recover. We must get the climate change denier out of the White House and tackle this crisis head-on. 
My team and I are going to pick someone to fly out to come meet me on the trail and share a meal, all expenses on us. And yes, we can have ice cream for dessert!Time is running out to enter — chip in for your chance to win:  
We must get these weapons of war out of our communities.  
I’ve always believed we are strongest when we act as one America. If we come together and unite this country, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish.If you agree, join our team today: 
 and I have always agreed on a central tenet of his campaign: every American deserves a fair shot. He has served Montana well and will continue to do so with fairness and strength. Thank you, Governor.
Meet Richard. Find out why he, like millions of Americans, supports protecting and expanding Obamacare. 
American leadership has served as the backbone of NATO since its founding 70 years ago — until President Trump. His abdication of America’s traditional leadership role could not come at a more critical moment for the alliance. 
64 years ago today, Rosa Parks' courageous act forever changed our country and the course of history. We must continue to follow her brave example and speak out against injustice, wherever it is found.
We’re officially on the road for our eight-day  Tour across Iowa! 
Congressman and former Admiral has served his country bravely for decades. He ran his campaign with the same standards of strength and respect he has held his entire life. Thank you for your service.
Every voter counts. We need a president who is ready to listen to every voice. 
Over the last 30 years, the fight against  has taught us to be big-hearted; to follow the science; to treat everyone with dignity and respect, and to protect the human rights of all who walk this planet.  
Eight years of Donald Trump will fundamentally alter the character of our nation. We cannot let that happen.We must make him a one-term president.
It's clear who President Trump works for. His administration prioritized giant tax cuts for the super-wealthy and corporations — meanwhile, they've attacked food assistance every chance they've gotten. It’s heartless.No one should go hungry in America. 
 All aboard! We're officially kicking off the  barnstorm across Iowa. Get the latest updates from  by textin…
 TODAY’S THE DAY!  is hitting the road in Iowa for an eight-day barnstorm. It’s not too late to RSVP! We hope to se…
Fired up and ready to go for the  barnstorm! 
Jill and I would like to extend our greetings to those celebrating the Hmong New Year. Wishing you joyous, colorful celebrations throughout the country filled with music, quality time with family, and all blessings for new beginnings — Nyob Zoo Xyoo Tshiab!
26 years ago, I fought to get the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act passed — and established the background check system that has kept guns out of the hands of so many dangerous individuals.I’ve taken on the and beaten them — twice. As president, I’ll do it again.
Today, and every day, I encourage you to shop locally and support the folks in your community working hard every day.  
I’m incredibly thankful for the supportive members of  across the country working hard every day for our campaign.I’d love to know what you’re thankful for. Share your story here: 
Every single community should have access to clean, safe drinking water. Period.As president, I will stand up to the abuse of power by polluters who disproportionately harm communities of color and low-income communities. 
It's time we start rewarding work, not just wealth. As president, I'll reverse Trump's tax cuts for the super-wealthy and build a stronger, more inclusive middle class.
Tomorrow, we’re kicking off our eight-day, 18 county “No Malarkey” barnstorm across Iowa! I’d love to see you there. Head to  to find an event in your community. 
Not a joke, folks. To celebrate Black Friday we’re giving you an extra 10% off our  gear! Head to  and use the code ‘BlackFridayDeal’ to receive your discount. 
I believe in redemption. As president, I’ll ensure that those who were formerly incarcerated have the opportunity to fully reintegrate into society, earn a good living, and participate in our democracy as our fellow citizens.Read my full plan here:  
Jill and I greatly admire the work of laureate and for raising awareness and caring for survivors of sexual violence in eastern Congo. We must end impunity for perpetrators. 
Thank you for leading the fight to ensure that women veterans have the resources they need to be safe from violence. One of my top priorities as president will be to renew and expand VAWA — including passing this bill. 
We have so much to be thankful for — today and every day. Happy Thanksgiving to those serving overseas who can’t be home with family, and to Americans in every corner of the country. We hope your day is filled with family and friends, laughter, and gratitude. 
I’ve dedicated my life to public service. We need a president who is ready on day one. 
The effects of climate change are devastating, and we must take action.My bold plan will ensure the U.S leads the world to address the climate emergency. 
Many of those seeking asylum on our southern border are fleeing horrific forms of gender-based violence. As president, I will restore asylum status for domestic violence survivors ; spearhead an initiative to end violence against women and girls in Central America. 
Obamacare provided protections to over 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions. It was a huge step forward, but we can’t stop there. I’ll protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care.
We cannot let President Trump define who we are as a nation. America is hopeful and inclusive — we give hate no safe harbor and leave no one behind. We are everything that Donald Trump is not. 
We’ve got to build a stronger, more inclusive middle class. That starts by strengthening public and private sector unions — because all workers should be empowered to bargain for what they deserve.  Read my full plan: 
It’s not enough to wish the world was better — we have to make it so. That belief has guided my life as it has Rev. Dr. Frantz Whitfield's. He’s a pillar of Iowa's faith community, and I’m grateful to have his support. 
Prescription drug corporations are profiteering off of the pocketbooks of sick individuals — it’s wrong. It’s time to stand up to this abuse of power – and I’m ready to take on the battle as president. Read my plan: 
I'd love to, but it's right before the New Hampshire primary — I'll be busy talking to voters about how I'm going to beat Donald Trump. Come join me!You can sign up to join our team here:  
It’s going to take all hands on deck to reach our end of month goal — I’d really appreciate your help. Chip in what you can:  
America’s farmers deserve better. 
The next president will face the enormous challenge of picking up the pieces of America's broken foreign policy under President Trump. There’s no time for on-the-job training. We need a leader who is ready on day one. 
South Carolina’s Social Security number requirement is an unnecessary burden that discourages folks from participating in our political process. It's wrong and should be reversed.  We should be making voting easier — not harder. 
I'm incredibly honored to have the endorsement of Tom and Christie Vilsack. I know with their support, we can win the Iowa caucus, earn the nomination, and beat Donald Trump next November. 
The American people are still waiting to see your tax returns, What are you hiding?
We must get Donald Trump out of the White House. Once we do, we can:- Combat climate change- Rebuild a more inclusive middle class- Protect and build on Obamacare- Ensure our government works for all Americans — not just the powerful
I promise you that and I will be the best partners and fiercest advocates in the White House for America’s educators and students. 
One of my favorite parts of being on the campaign trail is meeting folks across the country and hearing their stories. That's why I want to sit down and have dinner with you—and yes, we can have ice cream for dessert!Chip in for your chance to win:  
We need to face the facts on climate change: it’s already here and it poses an existential threat to our future. There is no time to waste. On day one, I’ll take the bold action necessary to protect our planet for future generations. 
 you're a serial liar and the most corrupt president in modern American history. I can hardly wait to take you on. 
Today, I join leaders and activists around the world in recommitting to ending violence against women everywhere. Donald Trump has undermined American leadership — I'll restore it, and work to address gender-based violence in all its forms.   
Our students and educators cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump and Betsy DeVos.
It’s time we remember who we are as Americans: we treat each other with dignity, we leave nobody behind, and we give hate no safe harbor.
Weapons of war have no place in our communities. I’ve successfully taken on the to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines before, and I’ll do it again in the White House. 
I’m running for president to build an inclusive middle class where everyone comes along — regardless of race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability.
Four more years of Donald Trump will fundamentally alter the character of this nation. We cannot stand by and watch that happen.
Health care is one of the biggest issues in this election. As president, I will ensure health care is a right, not a privilege — and give everyone the peace of mind they deserve. Read my full plan: 
Climate change is an existential threat to our planet — we must take action. As president, not only will I recommit us to the Paris Agreement — I’ll lead the world to up the ante in addressing our climate emergency. 
Thank you Tom and Christie Vilsack for your support. Together, we will win Iowa and move this country forward. 
Our hearts go out to the families of Iranian protesters who were killed this past week. Iranians, like people everywhere, have a right to protest peacefully without being brutally attacked by their own government and having the internet shut down for days. The world is watching.
The Trump Administration’s “Infrastructure Weeks” are a joke — but our crumbling roads and bridges are not.We need a transformational investment in America’s infrastructure and future:  
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history. He has to go. If you agree, chip in $5 to help us make him a one-term president: 
We’re officially on the ballot in South Carolina! 
This election is about who we are and who we want to be. I believe we are a nation that welcomes those fleeing persecution and seeking asylum — not a nation that turns our back on them. 
Corruption is Donald Trump’s middle name.
We need to build an economy that reflects our values.My administration will reverse the Trump tax cuts for the super-wealthy and corporations. We'll then use that money to build a stronger, more inclusive middle class.
Obamacare was and is a big deal. It saved lives and gave millions peace of mind. We cannot afford to tear it down and start over — we should protect and build on it. 
It’s clear that Donald Trump has abused the power of the presidency. Full stop.He is the most corrupt president in modern American history.
Campbell is an incredible young man, and I’m proud to have played a small part in his journey. 
We had a great night at the  but we need your help to keep this momentum going.Chip in $5 now:  
Get ready Iowa, I'm heading your way for an eight-day, 18 county “No Malarkey” barnstorm!  Find an event near you:  
The White House is not a place for on-the-job training. I'll be ready on day one.
Let’s keep the momentum from tonight’s  going. If you’re on  chip in $5:  
We have to speak out, and speak loudly, about violations of human rights.  
This is the United States of America. There is not a single thing we have not been able to accomplish once we set our minds to it.Let's take back this country and lead the world again.  
I just stepped off the  stage, where I laid out my bold vision for our future and what's possible if we unite this country. If I made you proud tonight, can you chip in $5 to help power our campaign: 
That’s all we have! Thanks for tagging along for tonight’s  Make sure to follow to stay up-to-date on everything happening on the campaign.
We have to fundamentally change the culture of how women are treated in this country.  
Roe v. Wade is the law of the land. Period.As president, Joe Biden will stand up to attacks on a woman’s constitutional right to choose and enshrine Roe into federal law. 
"In the United States Senate, I passed more major legislation than everybody on this stage combined."  
Over the last few days, there has been a lot of misinformation on where Joe Biden stands when it comes to our marijuana laws. Read the facts below.  
25 years ago Joe Biden led the fight to pass the Violence Against Women Act and as president he’s going to build on it.   
"It's the Attorney General of the United States — not the president's private attorney."  
Joe will take on changing the culture on our college campuses that enables sexual violence, building on the  effort he started with President Obama.   
Human rights should be at the core of our engagement with the world--not the periphery. As president, Joe Biden will hold accountable Saudi Arabia, China, and every nation that violates the human rights of their citizens. 
Under President Trump, the North Korean nuclear threat is getting worse, not better. As President, Joe Biden will coordinate closely with our allies and hold China accountable for not putting pressure on North Korea. He'll see Kim Jong Un for what he is — a ruthless tyrant.
More than anything, we need a president who can deliver on climate change. Joe Biden has a proven record of bringing people together to achieve real, lasting solutions — at home and abroad. 
It’s not who we are. We are better than this.  
Joe Biden is a statesman with decades of experience on the world stage who can repair our relationships around the world and is ready to command our armed forces on day one. 
The next president will face a monumental task cleaning up Trump's mess. Joe Biden is the best candidate on the debate stage to immediately get to work restoring America’s place in the world. Because he’s done it before. 
Joe Biden’s health care plan will offer a new choice for Americans: keep your private insurance or choose a public option like Medicare.  
In a Biden Administration, plans with lower deductibles will become more affordable, coverage will be extended to more Americans, and the roughly 5 million low-income Americans who were denied Medicaid by their governors and/or state legislatures will finally gain coverage.
Let’s lay out the facts: More Americans prefer a public option over Medicare for All.  
Joe Biden has the quickest, most effective plan to achieve universal health care coverage - at 1/30th the cost of Medicare for All. And, he doesn’t get rid of employer-based health care. 
We are fired up and ready for Joe to take the stage at tonight’s  
Hey folks, it’s here! We’ll be taking over Joe’s account tonight to keep you updated on all things  Grab some ice cream and follow along! 
I’m about to take the stage for tonight’s  so I’m passing the account over to my team. They’ll keep you in the loop throughout the night on everything happening. Follow along here and on for updates. Tune in to at 9 PM ET to watch live!
 The fight ahead of us is about more than just having plans. It’s about repairing our soul—and it will take someone with the proven ability to bring people together.I've done it before—and at tonight's  I'm going to show you why I'm the best candidate to do it again.
 When I talk about the soul of this nation—I’m talking about the values America stands for on the world stage. Values that have been tarnished by Trump.I’m the only one on tonight's stage ready to rebuild our global reputation and restore our moral leadership on day one.
 When I talk about the soul of this nation—I’m talking about the responsibility we have to our children to take on the threat of climate change. I’m the only one on tonight’s stage who helped secure the Paris Agreement and the largest-ever U.S. investment in clean energy.
When I talk about the soul of this nation—I’m talking about a country where we can look our kids in the eye and tell them: “You will be safe at school.”I’m the only one on tonight’s stage who has taken on the and won twice—and I can’t wait to do it again.
When I talk about the soul of this nation—I’m talking about a country where no one has to worry about whether they can afford health care.I fought like hell to get Obamacare passed and I’m the only one on tonight’s stage who has led a transformation of our health care system.
This election is about the soul of our nation—and Donald Trump is poison to our soul. He has no regard for our Constitution and violates everything we stand for. It’s not hyperbole to say that this is about saving America. We have to decide who we are and who we want to be.
I give you my word as a Biden: I will never stoop to President Trump's level. 
I am deeply disturbed by the news coming out of my law school alma mater, Syracuse University. We are truly in a battle for the soul of this nation, and it requires all of us to stand up together as a country against racism and bigotry. We must give hate no safe harbor. 
On this Transgender Day of Remembrance, we honor the memory of those we’ve lost—at least 22 trans and gender non-conforming people killed this year—and recommit to ridding this hate-filled violence from our society. Everyone deserves to live open and proud and free without fear.
Something is wrong in America when the average Latina makes just over half what the average non-Latino white man makes. Donald Trump has undone much of what we did in the White House to fix the gender pay gap. When I'm president, I'll work to right that wrong. 
This election is about the soul of our nation — and Donald Trump is poison to our soul.
I know we can beat Donald Trump in 2020—but we can’t do it without your help. We’re relying on grassroots donors like you to power this campaign and get our country back on track.Chip in today to help us meet our November fundraising goal:  
What he said. 
We know in our bones this election is different. If we give Donald Trump eight years in the White House, he will forever alter the character of our nation. We cannot let that happen.We must make Trump a one-term president. 
The energy at the First in the West event was incredible. Folks are fired up to take back our country and make Donald Trump a one-term president. If you’re fired up too, join our campaign today and let’s get to work:  
It has now been 264 days. How many more senseless shootings must occur before Senate Republicans take action? Enough is enough. 
There is a lot of talk out there on where I stand when it comes to our marijuana laws. Here are the facts: 
I’ve witnessed the heroism of firefighters firsthand — selflessly rushing into danger to help others. They represent the best of our country. and I send our condolences to the loved ones of Worcester Fire Lt. Jason Menard for their loss. 
Sunday night in a backyard. Monday morning at a store. We must do everything in our power to end this gun violence epidemic because we cannot go on like this any longer.Our hearts go out to those affected by these senseless tragedies. 
I’m inspired by the strength and resilience of Chrissy and survivors across the country, and proud of the change the Violence Against Women Act created, but we still have further to go.Today, I released my plan to build on VAWA:  
China’s internment of nearly one million Uighur Muslims is among the worst abuses of human rights in the world today. The U.S. cannot be silent — we must speak out against this oppression and relentlessly defend human rights around the world. 
I’ve spent my entire career fighting the abuse of power. That’s what motivated me to write ; champion the Violence Against Women Act. The law helped change our culture—but there’s more work to do.Today, I’m releasing my plan to end violence against women:
Corporations need to pay their fair share in taxes. I’ll reverse Trump’s giveaway to the super-wealthy and corporations because it’s time we reward work, not just wealth. 
I know if we come together and stand united as a nation - anything is possible. 
At the CNN Town Hall, I was asked what changes in American society I’m proudest of. Here’s what I had to say: 
I’m running for president to rebuild the backbone of this country — the middle class. And this time, we have to bring everyone along regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or disability.
The American people deserve to know what the most corrupt president in modern history is hiding in his tax returns. 
Trump's intervention in the American military justice system to pardon service members accused or convicted of war crimes betrays the rule of law, the values that make our country exceptional ; the men and women who wear the uniform honorably. He is not fit to command our troops.
The Foreign Service Officers who testified this week represent the best of America. They deserve our support ; thanks for their work to advance American interests, not the scorn ; harassment they get from the President. Every day, Donald Trump reminds us he's unfit to serve.
My favorite part of running for president is talking with people about their lives. So my team and I are going to pick someone to fly out to come meet me on the trail and share a meal, all expenses on us. If you want to grab dinner, chip in today: 
America is more equal because of Chief Justice Mark Cady. His landmark decision brought marriage equality to Iowa and pushed our nation closer to our highest ideals. and I send our condolences to his loved ones. His integrity and commitment to justice will be missed. 
I am deeply concerned about the unjust detainment of Jose Daniel Ferrer, a voice for change in Cuba, by the Cuban government. Ferrer must be released at once.
Two elections. Zero criminal convictions. 
Every loss is different, but I've found that the way you can overcome enormous tragedy in your life is by finding purpose in your life. 
President Trump continues to undermine registered apprenticeships—programs that provide a path to the middle class ; a good union job. As president, I will work to save these important programs ; ensure every American has the skills they need to get ahead. 
We need more than thoughts and prayers. We need action. We have to protect our kids. Now. 
I'm proud to support and those fighting to ensure every child has access to the quality education they deserve. 
Couldn't have said it better myself. 
I believe these impeachment hearings will conclude that Donald Trump is a threat to our national security. Every day he sits in the Oval Office is a dangerous day for the U.S. If you agree, chip in to help us make Donald Trump a one-term president:  
If we don’t get Donald Trump out of the White House and take urgent, drastic action to address the climate emergency, our planet may never recover. 
We have to heal the divisions in this country. If we come together and act as one America, there is nothing that we cannot do. 
 release your taxes or shut up about corruption. 
This ugly ideology has no place in America—it is both offensive and dangerous that it has taken root in the White House. Stephen Miller must go now. Then we must ensure Trump is shown the door in 2020—and that his hateful ideology never again is given a voice in the Oval Office.
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. We’ve always known that Donald Trump’s cruel immigration policies are a violation of our core American values. Now we know the architect of those policies has embraced and fanned the ugly flames of white nationalism. 
We will beat the will pass common-sense reforms. We must end our gun violence epidemic.
Can you chip in five dollars to ensure our volunteers have the materials they need to talk with voters?Donate here:  
I love you too, California! 
If you like your private health insurance plan, you shouldn’t be forced to give it up. If you don't like it, you should be able to buy into a Medicare-like public option.That's the choice I will give Americans as president. 
Another school shooting. How long will we go on like this? No kid should fear their safety in school ; no parent should worry whether their kid will come home.Our hearts go out to Santa Clarita, but prayers aren't enough. We need real gun reform to make our schools safer.
President Trump campaigned on repairing our nation’s crumbling infrastructure. But after countless “Infrastructure Weeks,” he has failed to deliver results. It has to change.Today, I'm calling for a transformational investment in our nation's future: 
The Affordable Care ActAn assault weapons banThe Violence Against Women ActThere is no one in this race who has a stronger record of passing important, consequential legislation than I do. I know what it takes to get the job done.
The American people deserve to know what Donald Trump is hiding in his tax returns.
We cannot turn a blind eye to the atrocities President Trump continues to carry out at the border. This is not who we are. 
I will always choose hope over fear. 
You shouldn't be forced to give up the health insurance and benefits that you fought for. Under my plan, you will be able to keep them. 
This decision puts the health of the American people at risk — it’s unacceptable. We must get Donald Trump out of the White House and choose science over fiction once again. 
First Trump gave a green light to Erdogan to ethnically cleanse Kurds who helped us defeat ISIS. Now he welcomes Erdogan with open arms and sweetheart deals. It’s hard to avoid the conclusion that, once again, Trump’s personal interests, not US interests, are driving his policy.
We have to lead the world by our example and make clear that human rights, civil rights, and civil liberties matter to us. 
Every American deserves access to affordable, quality health care, and Obamacare’s open enrollment is happening now. If you are uninsured, want to change your plan, or know someone who needs health care, visit  to  
The next president will face an enormous challenge of picking up the pieces of America’s foreign policy and salvaging our reputation.I'm the only candidate in this race ready for that job on day one — and 133 top foreign policy officials agree. 
Change starts at the local level — I learned that firsthand as a 28-year-old on the New Castle County Council. On  I'm asking you to join me and run for something. There is too much at stake in 2020 to sit on the sidelines. 
President Trump's erratic, impulsive decisions threaten our national security and set our world on edge. Every day that he sits in the Oval Office is a dangerous day for the United States. 
Every worker should have the chance to join a union which bargains to ensure they get paid a living wage and have protections against sexual harassment. That's why I'm proud to stand with workers who are striking in Detroit and across the country today. 
 In our series  NBC’s takes questions from Democratic voters to the candidates. Former Vice P…
Israel has a right to defend itself against terrorist threats. It is intolerable that Israeli civilians live their lives under the constant fear of rocket attacks. That's why our administration was such a strong supporter of Israel's life-saving Iron Dome. 
DREAMers should be treated like the Americans that they are. It's past time for Congress to provide a pathway to citizenship and a fair shot at the American dream.  
The Sandy Hook families who paid such a bitter price deserve their day in court – and all American families deserve laws that protect them, and that put their children, not big gun corporations, first. 
Jill and I want to extend our best wishes to our friends in the Sikh community who are observing the 550th anniversary of the birth of Guru Nanak Dev Ji, the founder of Sikhism. 
DREAMers know more about what it means to be an American than you ever will. 
As president, I will ensure DREAMers are recognized as the Americans they are. In the meantime, the Supreme Court should overturn Donald Trump’s cruel decision so that DREAMers can continue to live fully in the only country they have ever known. Their 
I just finished tonight’s CNN Town Hall, where I laid out my vision for our future and how I’ll deliver real progress for working families.I know we can defeat Donald Trump and take back this country, but we can’t do it without your help. Chip in today:  
Donald Trump has violated his oath of office and betrayed our nation. He should be impeached. 
At tonight's Town Hall in Iowa, I laid out my bold vision for the country and why I'm the best candidate in this race to beat Donald Trump and unite our nation.If you liked what you heard, join our team and let's get to work: 
Looking forward to joining for tonight’s town hall in Iowa to discuss what’s at stake in this election and why I’m running for president. Tune in to at 9 PM ET to watch live.
Our veterans and their families represent the absolute best that our country has to offer. I had the honor of spending Veterans Day in Iowa with a few of them. 
The campaign trail is always more fun when you join, What a great weekend in New Hampshire! 
President Trump has repeatedly failed our veterans, and our sacred obligation as a nation: to properly prepare and equip our troops when we send them into harm’s way, and care for them and their families. As president, I will meet our sacred obligation. 
We owe our veterans more than we could ever repay — and it’s our sacred obligation to care for them and their families when they return home.Thank you to all who have served — on Veterans Day and every day. 
I understand the sleepless nights, wondering if your deployed child is safe, and all the added sacrifices military families face because their loved one chose selfless service.As president, I'll take care of our troops and their families. 
Less than 1% of our population risks everything to protect our country — the other 99% of us owe them more than we could ever repay.  
Today, I’m releasing my plan to ensure our veterans receive what they deserve: our respect and enduring gratitude, and the benefits they have earned.  Read my full plan: 
The most sacred obligation of our government is to do right by the men and women who defend our nation at war. Veterans Day offers us a moment to reflect on that obligation, and to recommit ourselves to all that it truly means. 
Together we can, and will, make Donald Trump a one-term president.
We don’t say it enough — Barack Obama was a great president. And I’m proud to have worked alongside him. 
HBCUs and MSIs play a vital role in our communities. As president, I’ll invest $70 billion in these institutions to improve affordability, build high tech labs and facilities, and support student success.Read my full plan: 
I’m running for president to restore the soul of this nation, rebuild its backbone — the middle class, and unify all Americans.If you’re with me, join us: 
The ACA was, and is, a big deal. It took generations of presidents trying to expand health care access, and President Obama and I got it done. I’ll fight tooth and nail against anyone who tries to tear it down—Republican or Democrat.
There is no denying the devastating effects climate change has on our planet — we need to take action. As president, I’ll lead the world in addressing the climate emergency. Read my plan at 
Thirty years ago today, the people of Berlin tore down a wall and vanquished a dictatorship. We must not forget the lessons of 1989. The United States must reclaim its mantle as the champion of democracy. The stakes are simply too high. 
Because a union fought for their private health insurance plan, Marcy and her husband were able to retire with dignity and respect. That’s why my plan to protect and build on Obamacare will give folks the option to choose what’s best for them. 
My plan to build on Obamacare will expand health care coverage and lower costs — without raising taxes on the middle class.Proponents of Medicare for All can't say the same. Read my full plan: 
A fresh Fall day in New Hampshire spent serving chili to our nation’s finest — firefighters. 
Health care is a right. Every American should have the peace of mind that comes from access to affordable health care, and we can get there by protecting and building on Obamacare.
We have to start rewarding work, not wealth. As president, I will build a stronger, more inclusive middle class — not cut taxes for the super wealthy.
Kids shouldn’t have to worry about their safety while they’re at school. Together — we’ll put an end to our gun violence epidemic. 
This anniversary is not only a reminder of the cruelty these communities, especially Latinos, have tirelessly faced, but it is also a testament to their steadfast resilience in the face of prejudice to spark change, in California and across our country.
25 years ago, California approved Prop. 187 — a measure designed to strategically disenfranchise immigrant communities by stripping away access to health care and education.
President Trump’s trade war is reckless, and hurting our farmers every day. 
It’s official — we’re on the ballot in New Hampshire. Join us:  
Every kid deserves a quality education and every family deserves to live in a safe, healthy community. That's why I support the California  initiative that will make corporations pay their fair share and invest in our communities to help them thrive.
I’m more optimistic about our future today than I was when I got elected to the Senate as a 29-year-old. If we unite this country, America’s best days still lie ahead.If you agree, chip in today: 
I led the successful fight in the 1980s to stop Jeff Sessions’ nomination for a federal judgeship. I hope the people of Alabama will stop him from rejoining the Senate next year.
As California continues to burn, President Trump wants to withhold critical aid and abandon our firefighters when they need our support the most. It's reckless and cruel.We must act now on climate change and support our firefighters and those affected by this disaster. 
The courage and determination of folks like have turned the fight for gun safety reform from a cause to a movement.Together, we will beat the and end our gun violence epidemic. 
Donald Trump wants to talk about corruption? That’s rich coming from the most corrupt president in modern history.Tell Trump to release his taxes or shut up about corruption:  
Getting the Violence Against Women Act passed is one of the highlights of my whole career. Now Senate Republicans are refusing to reauthorize it. To all the advocates and survivors speaking out - your voice makes all the difference. It always has. So keep it up. 
We’ve come too far with the Affordable Care Act to tear it down and start over. Building on Obamacare with a new public option is the best way to lower costs and achieve universal coverage. 
Proud to stand with the members in their fight for a fair contract. Every worker deserves the dignity that comes with fair wages, good benefits, and job security.
Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office, he proves how unfit he is to lead our country. We cannot give him eight years in the White House.
Last night's results showed that Democrats can take back our country, starting with Virginia, and begin the hard work of growing a stronger, more inclusive middle class and restoring the soul of our nation.Chip in to help us take back the White House: 
I'm running for president to unite this country. There's nothing we cannot do if we do it together. 
If you have DACA status, and it expires within the year, it’s critical that you renew as soon as possible to protect your status until we find a permanent solution.DREAMers are Americans — and it’s time we make it official.  
Hottest summer on record: 2019Hottest September on record: 2019Hottest October on record: 2019There is no time to waste. We must get Donald Trump out of the White House and address the climate emergency. The survival of our planet depends on it. 
To the millions of people who get up every single day and make this country work: I see you, and I will never stop fighting for you. You are the backbone of America. 
Congratulations to Governor-Elect on his hard-earned victory. He has served the people of Kentucky well as attorney general — the Commonwealth is in good hands with him in the governor's office.
Tonight, by voting in Democratic majorities in both chambers of the General Assembly, Virginians sent a clear, powerful message that will resonate across this nation and shake the walls of the White House. 
The growing mountain of evidence makes one thing clear: We must impeach Donald Trump. 
I have fought for the Democratic Party my whole career. That’s not something everyone in this primary can say. 
Obamacare protects over 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions — including Joe and Michelle’s son Matt. We cannot afford to tear it down and start over. We should protect and build on it. 
Ten years ago today at Fort Hood. Two years ago in Sutherland Springs. In total, 39 lives taken because of our gun violence epidemic. We must honor the memory of those we lost with concrete action on gun safety reform.
Trump's Cuba policy hurts families on ; off the island. Administrations of both parties have supported family reunification, and I support ; work to reunite Cuban families. As president, I will reinstate the Cuban Family Reunification Parole Program.
Proud to stand with folks in Las Vegas fighting against a proposed ordinance that effectively criminalizes homelessness. Like we did in the Obama-Biden Administration, we should focus on providing housing first and work to find long-term solutions to end homelessness.
The U.S. is the strongest nation in the world not just because of the example of our power, but also because of the power of our example.That’s what has always set us apart on the world stage, and that’s something Donald Trump will never understand. 
Faith, hope, and dignity sound good to me. 
Today is Election Day in Kentucky, Mississippi, New Jersey, Virginia, and cities across the nation. Your vote matters — find your polling place, bring a friend, and head to the polls to make your voice heard: 
11 years ago tonight. 
250 days. McConnell, do your job and bring the universal background check bill up for a vote. 
I’ve released 21 years of my tax returns — why hasn’t President Trump?He should release his taxes or shut up about corruption. 
As the climate crisis worsens each day and California burns and Iowa floods, Trump continues to abandon science and our international leadership. He just notified the United Nations of our official withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. It's shameful. 
President Trump has turned his back on those he promised to help. He thinks he’s being tough with his trade war, but he’s really being reckless. And American workers are paying the price. I will ensure our policies put American workers first. 
A country that ignores the threat to the very survival of this planet isn’t just troubled — it’s morally bankrupt.We must get the climate change denier out of the White House and take urgent action to address the climate emergency.
Is anyone surprised that all it takes is a $100 saw to breach Trump’s wall? This whole exercise was a stunt and a sham from the beginning. The only thing the wall has succeeded in doing is tarnishing the image of our nation in the eyes of the world. 
This is a dangerous decision by the Trump Administration. We should be strengthening our clean water protections and holding polluters accountable for their actions — not loosening restrictions on toxic waste. 
This Tuesday, we have the opportunity to set an example for the nation  and turn the Virginia state legislature blue. But only if everyone turns out to vote:  
100 days until the New Hampshire primary.One year until Election Day 2020.There’s no time to waste, chip in $5 now to help us make Donald Trump a one-term president:  
In a Biden administration, we will lower health care costs and achieve universal coverage — and we will do it without raising taxes on the middle class. 
President Trump's decision to close America's doors to refugees fleeing persecution is cruel and shortsighted. As president, I will restore America's historic commitment to welcoming those whose lives are threatened by conflict and crisis. 
With just 100 days until the New Hampshire primary, we need your help to grow our grassroots team and talk with voters in every corner of the Granite State.Join us:  
In one year, we will give Trump a nickname of his own: Former President Donald Trump.
We have one year to determine the mark Donald Trump will leave on our country. There's too much at stake to take the next year for granted. We must work together to take back the White House, win the Senate, hold the House and elect Democrats down the ballot. 
Progress is bringing people together to get real results. It’s not accusing someone of being a Republican because they don’t share your approach to achieving universal health care. I know what it takes to get things done. I fought to pass Obamacare — I will fight to build on it.
The greed of drug companies fueled the opioid epidemic that has ravaged communities in every corner of the country. It’s time we hold pharmaceutical companies accountable.
Our military deserves a commander-in-chief who ensures they have what they need when we send them into harm's way. Donald Trump betrays this sacred obligation. By abandoning partners who risk everything to stand at our side, Trump makes every future mission harder for our troops. 
No American should be denied shelter, medical care, or critical services because of who they are or who they love. As president, I will reverse these cruel and discriminatory acts from and and I'll start by signing the Equality Act into law. 
The majority of middle class Americans don't think their kids will have the same standard of living they have — that's never happened before. Under my administration, every American will have a fighting shot. 
Once Donald Trump is out of the way, there is nothing we can’t do. 
It all starts in Iowa, on February 3rd. Together, we're going to take this nation back from Donald Trump. 
First thing I will do as president is rejoin the Paris Climate Accord and rally the world to push our progress further and faster.  
We can ensure every American has access to the quality, affordable health care they need — and we can do it without taxing the middle class.  
We must get Donald Trump out of office. Once we do, the road is clear for significant change.  
The  energy at tonight’s  Celebration was incredible. With just 94 days until the Iowa Caucus, we need your help to build the strongest campaign possible.Chip in $5 today: 
I’m about to take the stage at  to discuss my bold vision for our nation and how we’ll beat Donald Trump. Tune in now: 
Fired up for  
Together, we will win Iowa, win this nomination, and beat Donald Trump.  us:  
In the wake of tragedy in his hometown, responded with compassion and leadership, looking into the eyes of people who just lost loved ones and pledging his total resolve. His passion for solving our gun crisis has been inspiring to anyone who has seen him.
I’m about to join  at our  Celebration Pre-Party in Des Moines, Iowa. Tune in to watch live: 
The values of patriotism, friendship, and faith that Scranton instilled in me have defined my entire life — and they’re the values I’ll bring to the White House. 
To every military family in our country: thank you, thank you, thank you. 
The next president will inherit a world in disarray. There’s no time for on-the-job training — I’ll be ready on day one.
We must stop penalizing and criminalizing poverty. 
When it comes to health care, many Americans can't afford to wait for far off promises. Obamacare's open enrollment begins today. Head to  to find an affordable, quality plan that works best for you. 
Together, we will beat Donald Trump like a drum.  us:  
I’ll see you tomorrow. 
Tonight in Iowa, a teacher asked me what my top priorities would be as president. Here's what I told him: 
One of my great honors as Vice President was speaking at the Air Force Academy commencement. We need a President who respects our troops. 
I did. It made clear that you pressured a foreign government to interfere in our political process on your behalf. You violated your oath of office and betrayed our nation.You should be impeached. 
I know it’s Halloween, but Donald Trump has really been scaring me lately. Chip in $5 if he’s scaring you too: 
The American people can’t afford four more years of Donald Trump’s art of no deals.
Happy Halloween from the entire Biden family! We hope your night is filled with few tricks and plenty of treats. 
President Trump is undermining our health care and trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act at every turn. As a result, 400,000 additional children are uninsured. It’s cruel.I will protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American has access to the care they need. 
 and I are grateful for the brave first responders working around the clock to contain the California fires. Our thoughts are with the Californians affected by the fires; our prayers will be for your safety. 
Sorry America, the correct answer is Snickers. 
Congress must do its duty to ensure that Donald Trump's assault on the Constitution does not seep beyond his presidency, with a lasting and devastating impact on our democracy. 
The super-wealthy don’t need another tax cut. Period.My administration will repeal the Trump tax cuts for the super-wealthy and reward work, not just wealth. 
Donald Trump's erratic foreign policy has abandoned our allies, abdicated our leadership, and tarnished our reputation. It has to stop.In a Biden administration, America will once again lead by example and rally the world to meet our common challenges. 
Our planet cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump in the White House. 
I’m not afraid to say the word union. America’s unions built the middle class — and in a Biden administration, we’ll work alongside them to rebuild it. 
We are at a crucial moment. We can survive four years of Donald Trump, but if we give him eight years in the White House, he will forever alter the character of our nation. We cannot let that happen.Chip in to help us make Trump a one-term president: 
Lt. Col. Alexander S. Vindman’s testimony made clear what we already knew: Donald Trump pressured Ukraine to interfere in our elections on his behalf and the White House tried to cover it up.We cannot let Trump get away with this abuse of power. He must be impeached. 
President Trump’s reckless trade war is hurting farmers like Kevin—enough is enough.Our farmers can't afford four more years of a leader who delivers nothing but empty promises. As president, I’ll stand up to China and pursue a trade policy that prioritizes American workers. 
Proud to stand in solidarity with and in their fight for a fair contract. The 40,000+ bus and subway workers who move New York deserve the dignity that comes with fair wages, good benefits, and job security. 
After all of Trump’s lies, corruption and reckless behavior, more than 40% of Americans still approve of him. You’ve been selected to let us know where you stand – we’re 98% of the way to our response goal, but time’s running out. Let us know now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
After all of Trump’s lies, corruption and reckless behavior, more than 40% of Americans still approve of him. You’ve been selected to let us know where you stand – we’re 98% of the way to our response goal, but time’s running out. Let us know now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
After all of Trump’s lies, corruption and reckless behavior, more than 40% of Americans still approve of him. You’ve been selected to let us know where you stand – we’re 98% of the way to our response goal, but time’s running out. Let us know now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
After all of Trump’s lies, corruption and reckless behavior, more than 40% of Americans still approve of him. You’ve been selected to let us know where you stand – we’re 98% of the way to our response goal, but time’s running out. Let us know now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
After all of Trump’s lies, corruption and reckless behavior, more than 40% of Americans still approve of him. You’ve been selected to let us know where you stand – we’re 98% of the way to our response goal, but time’s running out. Let us know now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
After all of Trump’s lies, corruption and reckless behavior, more than 40% of Americans still approve of him. You’ve been selected to let us know where you stand – we’re 98% of the way to our response goal, but time’s running out. Let us know now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
98% TO GOAL: Donald Trump’s reckless behavior and hateful agenda have proven that he is a threat to our national security and to the well-being of the American people. We’re still waiting to hear where you stand before 11:59 p.m. tonight: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
98% TO GOAL: Donald Trump’s reckless behavior and hateful agenda have proven that he is a threat to our national security and to the well-being of the American people. We’re still waiting to hear where you stand before 11:59 p.m. tonight: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
98% TO GOAL: Donald Trump’s reckless behavior and hateful agenda have proven that he is a threat to our national security and to the well-being of the American people. We’re still waiting to hear where you stand before 11:59 p.m. tonight: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
98% TO GOAL: Donald Trump’s reckless behavior and hateful agenda have proven that he is a threat to our national security and to the well-being of the American people. We’re still waiting to hear where you stand before 11:59 p.m. tonight: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
98% TO GOAL: Donald Trump’s reckless behavior and hateful agenda have proven that he is a threat to our national security and to the well-being of the American people. We’re still waiting to hear where you stand before 11:59 p.m. tonight: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
98% TO GOAL: Donald Trump’s reckless behavior and hateful agenda have proven that he is a threat to our national security and to the well-being of the American people. We’re still waiting to hear where you stand before 11:59 p.m. tonight: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
URGENT POLL: Donald Trump’s unhinged Twitter meltdowns against everyone from members of Congress to foriegn leaders undermine our national security and embarrass our nation and our allies around the world. We need to know now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
URGENT POLL: Donald Trump’s unhinged Twitter meltdowns against everyone from members of Congress to foriegn leaders undermine our national security and embarrass our nation and our allies around the world. We need to know now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
URGENT POLL: Donald Trump’s unhinged Twitter meltdowns against everyone from members of Congress to foriegn leaders undermine our national security and embarrass our nation and our allies around the world. We need to know now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
URGENT POLL: Donald Trump’s unhinged Twitter meltdowns against everyone from members of Congress to foriegn leaders undermine our national security and embarrass our nation and our allies around the world. We need to know now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
URGENT POLL: Donald Trump’s unhinged Twitter meltdowns against everyone from members of Congress to foriegn leaders undermine our national security and embarrass our nation and our allies around the world. We need to know now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
URGENT POLL: Donald Trump’s unhinged Twitter meltdowns against everyone from members of Congress to foriegn leaders undermine our national security and embarrass our nation and our allies around the world. We need to know now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED | MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Donald Trump has cozied up to hostile dictators like Vladmir Putin, even as Russia actively works to interfere in our elections and undermine our democracy. We need to hear where you stand now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED | MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Donald Trump has cozied up to hostile dictators like Vladmir Putin, even as Russia actively works to interfere in our elections and undermine our democracy. We need to hear where you stand now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED | MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Donald Trump has cozied up to hostile dictators like Vladmir Putin, even as Russia actively works to interfere in our elections and undermine our democracy. We need to hear where you stand now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED | MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Donald Trump has cozied up to hostile dictators like Vladmir Putin, even as Russia actively works to interfere in our elections and undermine our democracy. We need to hear where you stand now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED | MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Donald Trump has cozied up to hostile dictators like Vladmir Putin, even as Russia actively works to interfere in our elections and undermine our democracy. We need to hear where you stand now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED | MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Donald Trump has cozied up to hostile dictators like Vladmir Putin, even as Russia actively works to interfere in our elections and undermine our democracy. We need to hear where you stand now: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
URGENT POLL | 11:59 P.M. DEADLINE: Donald Trump has spent his presidency spewing hatred and pushing an agenda rooted in racism and bigotry. We need to hear from 87 Americans before 11:59 p.m. tonight, but we’re missing your response: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
URGENT POLL | 11:59 P.M. DEADLINE: Donald Trump has spent his presidency spewing hatred and pushing an agenda rooted in racism and bigotry. We need to hear from 87 Americans before 11:59 p.m. tonight, but we’re missing your response: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
URGENT POLL | 11:59 P.M. DEADLINE: Donald Trump has spent his presidency spewing hatred and pushing an agenda rooted in racism and bigotry. We need to hear from 87 Americans before 11:59 p.m. tonight, but we’re missing your response: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
URGENT POLL | 11:59 P.M. DEADLINE: Donald Trump has spent his presidency spewing hatred and pushing an agenda rooted in racism and bigotry. We need to hear from 87 Americans before 11:59 p.m. tonight, but we’re missing your response: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
URGENT POLL | 11:59 P.M. DEADLINE: Donald Trump has spent his presidency spewing hatred and pushing an agenda rooted in racism and bigotry. We need to hear from 87 Americans before 11:59 p.m. tonight, but we’re missing your response: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
URGENT POLL | 11:59 P.M. DEADLINE: Donald Trump has spent his presidency spewing hatred and pushing an agenda rooted in racism and bigotry. We need to hear from 87 Americans before 11:59 p.m. tonight, but we’re missing your response: Do you approve of Donald Trump?
I’ve seen firsthand how hard educators work with little pay and few resources. We must do better. A Biden administration will ensure our educators finally receive the pay and dignity they deserve. 
With Trump, it’s always all about him. It's all about beating his chest about what he's done, the stable genius that he is. We need a real leader. 
After almost three years on the job, Donald Trump is still unprepared to lead the world and unfit to lead our country. To clean up his mess, we need a leader who doesn't require on the job training. I'm prepared to get to work on day one. 
Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office is a dangerous day for the United States. His erratic, impulsive decisions threaten our standing in the world and make us all less safe. 
Some Americans celebrate  some celebrate  — President Trump celebrates neither. It says a lot.It’s time we put a pet back in the White House. 
For too long, corporations have stifled workers’ right to organize and collectively bargain for the pay and benefits they deserve.That ends with a Biden administration.We will hold corporations and executives personally accountable for interfering with the rights of workers.
Seven years ago, Hurricane Sandy devastated the East Coast. As we remember those we lost, we must renew our commitment to addressing climate change. Extreme storms will only become more frequent and powerful if we don’t take urgent action to tackle this crisis. 
I welcome the House’s passage of H Res 296, which recognizes and condemns the Armenian Genocide of 1915-23. By acknowledging this genocide we honor the memory of its victims and vow: never again.
Filipino-American History Month is an important opportunity to honor the rich history of the Filipino-American community, including the legacy of brave Filipino veterans who fought in World War II, and all the ways they strengthen our nation.
Congratulations to the teachers of Dedham, Massachusetts, on a successful strike and for securing a fair contract. It's past time we support our educators by giving them the pay and dignity they deserve. 
Paying off your kids' student loan debt can feel overwhelming. We need a president who understands that. 
1% of Americans put their lives on the line to defend the other 99% of us — we owe so much to our military men and women and their families. We must do better by those who sacrifice everything in service to our nation. 
In a Biden administration, our:- Secretary of Education will be an educator- EPA Administrator will know climate change is real- Attorney General will defend the Constitution, not the president
Ten years ago, President Obama and I championed and signed into law the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act.As president, I'll enforce our nation’s hate crime laws, reverse Trump’s cruel and discriminatory acts, and sign the Equality Act into law. 
With less than 100 days until the Iowa Caucus, we need your help to build the strongest grassroots operation possible to win the nomination and make Donald Trump a one-term president.Chip in what you can today: 
This is not who we are. And as a nation, we will prove that next November. Families belong together. 
If President Trump had ever visited our troops serving in Afghanistan, he would know this isn't true. 
Donald Trump has no strategy for securing our nation against terrorist threats. He has no strategy for anything. Every day that he directs American national security is a dangerous day for the United States.
Kay Hagan was a courageous soul who lived every day of her too-short life with incredible dignity and character, even as the days became more difficult physically. Jill and I are deeply saddened by this news and extend our condolences to her entire family. 
The Russians don't want me to be president, and Trump doesn't want me to be the nominee. But they picked a fight with the wrong guy — I’m not going anywhere.We will make Donald Trump a one-term president. 
No American President should welcome foreign interference in our elections. 
We cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump. 
This is the United States of America — if we pick our heads up and remember who we are, there’s not a single thing we can’t do. 
Tonight on I’ll lay out what I believe we need to do to ensure that America’s word means something again on the world stage. Tune in at 7pm ET.
I couldn’t agree more, 
To all those taking part in the Festival of Lights, Jill and I send warm wishes for a joyous celebration — Happy Diwali and Saal Mubarak. 
Today, we remember the lives taken one year ago at the Tree of Life Synagogue. We must constantly strive to live up to the American ideal that we're all created equal, while facing the harsh reality that hate has long torn us apart. The battle isn't over. We must end this hate.
I congratulate our special forces, our intelligence community, and all our brave military professionals on delivering justice to the terrorist Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The world is better and safer without him in it. 
Donald Trump and his administration have no idea what hard-working, decent, ordinary Americans are going through. They don’t understand the middle class. I do. 
Institutional racism should no longer exist. As president, I'll put forward change to help put an end to it. 
Even the dog knows that we can’t afford four more years of Donald Trump. 
If you work hard, you should be able to share in the prosperity. That basic bargain is broken — it's time we restore it for all American workers.My plan will ensure all workers can bargain for the pay, benefits and workplace protections they deserve. 
We only have 100 days left until the Iowa Caucus. Chip in what you can to help us restore the soul of our nation:  
Donald Trump promised he would work for the forgotten American — instead, he’s forgotten about them.From day one, my administration will be focused on building an inclusive middle class to ensure everyone has a fair shot at a better future.
We only have 100 days left until the Iowa Caucus — and we need your help to organize and grow our team. Add your name to say you're ready to join the fight:  
I am proud to stand with the Asian American and Pacific Islander community, and the contributions they have made to America's rich diversity.  Today, we're launching AAPIs for Biden — a coalition working to help me unite our nation. To join, visit:  
There’s a war being waged on organized labor — and it’s only getting worse with President Trump in the White House. As president, I'll strengthen organizing and collective bargaining rights to strengthen unions. If you’re with me, join my campaign: 
Wall Street did not build the middle class — unions did. As president, I’ll ensure that workers are treated with dignity and respect. All workers must receive the pay, benefits and workplace protections they deserve. Read my plan:  
 tiene razón. Trump y los Republicanos deberían dejar de jugar a la política y apoyar TPS para los Venezolanos ya. 
The Speaker is right. Trump and Senate Republicans should stop playing politics and support TPS protection for vulnerable Venezuelans now. 
Called into the picket line to thank them for all they do for our students. It’s time we give our educators and school staff the pay and dignity they deserve. 
Employers are interfering with workers’ efforts to organize and negotiate for a fair contract— it's wrong. My plan holds corporations and executives personally accountable for interfering with organizing efforts ; violating other labor laws. Learn more: 
We are not prepared for a pandemic. Trump has rolled back progress President Obama and I made to strengthen global health security. We need leadership that builds public trust, focuses on real threats, and mobilizes the world to stop outbreaks before they reach our shores. 
A job is about a lot more than a paycheck—it’s about dignity, it’s about respect, it’s about being able to look your kid in the eye and say everything is going to be ok. Too many people today can’t say that.We’ve got to rebuild the middle class and restore the dignity of work. 
Today, I’m releasing my plan to strengthen worker organizing, collective bargaining, and unions.To grow a stronger, more inclusive middle class — I'll make it easier for workers to unionize. It's time we start rewarding work, not wealth. Read my plan:  
 Young Americans face the fear of gun violence every day — even at school. They know is the best candidate to take on…
Congressman Elijah Cummings was a lion of democracy and a powerful ally in the fight for the soul of our nation. I am honored to have served alongside him and known him as a friend. May his passion and purpose live on as he rests in heavenly peace.
73 RESPONSES NEEDED | 11:59 P.M. DEADLINE: Donald Trump’s rampant abuse of power is on display like never before, and we need to hear from 73 more concerned Americans before midnight. We’re still missing your response. Let us know where you stand now: Should Trump be impeached?
73 RESPONSES NEEDED | 11:59 P.M. DEADLINE: Donald Trump’s rampant abuse of power is on display like never before, and we need to hear from 73 more concerned Americans before midnight. We’re still missing your response. Let us know where you stand now: Should Trump be impeached?
97% TO GOAL: Trump is so scared of losing in 2020, he withheld military aid from Ukraine to pressure its govt. into interfering in our elections. His own chief of staff admitted to this abuse of power on live TV. We need to hear where you stand now: Should Trump be impeached?
97% TO GOAL: Trump is so scared of losing in 2020, he withheld military aid from Ukraine to pressure its govt. into interfering in our elections. His own chief of staff admitted to this abuse of power on live TV. We need to hear where you stand now: Should Trump be impeached?
97% TO GOAL | YOUR RESPONSE MISSING: Donald Trump abused the office of the president to pressure a foreign government into coming after Joe and his family. His own chief of staff admitted it. We need to hear where you stand before midnight: Should Trump be impeached?
97% TO GOAL | YOUR RESPONSE MISSING: Donald Trump abused the office of the president to pressure a foreign government into coming after Joe and his family. His own chief of staff admitted it. We need to hear where you stand before midnight: Should Trump be impeached?
73 RESPONSES NEEDED | 11:59 P.M. DEADLINE: Donald Trump’s rampant abuse of power is on display like never before, and we need to hear from 73 more concerned Americans before midnight. We’re still missing your response. Let us know where you stand now: Should Trump be impeached?
73 RESPONSES NEEDED | 11:59 P.M. DEADLINE: Donald Trump’s rampant abuse of power is on display like never before, and we need to hear from 73 more concerned Americans before midnight. We’re still missing your response. Let us know where you stand now: Should Trump be impeached?
97% TO GOAL: Trump is so scared of losing in 2020, he withheld military aid from Ukraine to pressure its govt. into interfering in our elections. His own chief of staff admitted to this abuse of power on live TV. We need to hear where you stand now: Should Trump be impeached?
97% TO GOAL: Trump is so scared of losing in 2020, he withheld military aid from Ukraine to pressure its govt. into interfering in our elections. His own chief of staff admitted to this abuse of power on live TV. We need to hear where you stand now: Should Trump be impeached?
97% TO GOAL | YOUR RESPONSE MISSING: Donald Trump abused the office of the president to pressure a foreign government into coming after Joe and his family. His own chief of staff admitted it. We need to hear where you stand before midnight: Should Trump be impeached?
97% TO GOAL | YOUR RESPONSE MISSING: Donald Trump abused the office of the president to pressure a foreign government into coming after Joe and his family. His own chief of staff admitted it. We need to hear where you stand before midnight: Should Trump be impeached?
President Trump’s abdication of American leadership on climate change is dangerous. If we give him four more years, our planet may never recover.On day one, I’ll rejoin the Paris Agreement and rally the world to push our progress further and faster. 
Donald Trump lacks the moral authority to lead our country. Every day he spends in the White House, he further debases the values and ideals of our nation. We must make him a one-term president.
If I'm elected president, my children will not sit in on Cabinet meetings or have offices in the White House. 
The powerful gun lobby has controlled our politics for far too long. Enough is enough. We the people own this country — not the
Donald Trump inherited a growing economy from the Obama-Biden Administration. And just like everything else he’s inherited in his life — he’s in the process of squandering it. 
The United States of America can be defined by one word: Possibilities. 
I'm running for president to rebuild the backbone of our country—the middle class. And this time, we'll bring everyone along, so every American family can live a life of dignity.If you’re with me, join the campaign by pitching in what you can today: 
At a time when labor is under attack and Trump's reckless trade wars threaten millions more farms and families around the country, has been a clear voice for those at risk of being left behind. He'll continue to be a fierce force for them in Congress.
I strongly support the Senate's approval of North Macedonia's NATO membership. The countries of the Western Balkans deserve to be part of a Europe whole, free and at peace and we should be supporting Euro-Atlantic integration across the region. 
As president, I would press for dialogue to prevent further violence and instability. Investing in Haiti’s prosperity and security is in the national security interest of the United States.
The Trump Administration is abandoning the Haitian people while the country’s political crisis is paralyzing that nation. 
I'm proud to stand with and Regional Hospital of Scranton workers in their fight for higher wages, access to affordable health insurance, and a fair contract that invests in the future of their hospital.
Hoy estamos lanzando Todos con Biden. Los latinos han contribuido mucho a nuestro país—son parte del tejido de Estados Unidos y se merecen un presidente que les respete y que luchará junto a ellos.Acompáñenme a continuar y mejorar los logros realizados:  
Today, we're launching Todos con Biden. Latinos have contributed so much to our country—you're part of the fabric of America ; you deserve a president who respects you ; will fight alongside you.Join me as we continue to build on the progress we've made:  
Donald Trump has no idea what it means to be a part of the middle class. I do. 
Let’s be clear, this ban is dangerous and directly violates a woman's constitutional right to choose. We must stop it. As president, I will codify Roe into federal law and ensure this choice remains between a woman and her doctor. 
Rooted in Scranton, fortified in the halls of Congress, and proven in the White House — my values have never changed, and they never will. I won’t stop fighting for the hardworking Americans who make our country run every single day. 
Let's get something straight — unions built the middle class. 
We all want the same thing — a life of dignity and a fair shot at a better future.Donald Trump isn't capable of understanding that. 
WATCH LIVE: Joe Biden Speaks in Scranton, Pennsylvania 
This morning, I’ll be in my hometown of Scranton, Pennsylvania, to discuss my plans to build a middle class where everyone comes along. Tune in at 10:00 AM ET to watch live: 
Once again, Putin and the Russians are interfering in the elections and trying to pick our president -- this time they're coming after me.Chip in $5 to send the message to Putin that the American people decide elections, not him:  
This wasn’t the right word to use and I’m sorry about that. Trump on the other hand chose his words deliberately today in his use of the word lynching and continues to stoke racial divides in this country daily. 
The moral obligation of our time is to restore, rebuild, and respect the backbone of America—the middle class. That mission will be my North Star as president.
Our gun and domestic violence epidemics are linked — and we must take action to end them both. Leader McConnell should allow a vote on the House-passed VAWA reauthorization to close loopholes and keep firearms out of the hands of dangerous individuals. 
Campbell is an incredible young man, and I’m proud to have played a small part in his journey.To anyone working to overcome a stutter, my message is clear: never give up and never let it define you.  
There used to be a basic bargain in America—when your company did well, you shared in the prosperity. We must restore that bargain ; stand up to corporate profiteering.I support as they strike against for a living wage, health care, and pensions.
Impeachment is not "lynching," it is part of our Constitution. Our country has a dark, shameful history with lynching, and to even think about making this comparison is abhorrent. It's despicable. 
Las armas de asalto y los cartuchos de alta capacidad no tienen lugar en nuestras comunidades. Yo me enfrente al una vez antes para prohibirlos, y lo volveré a hacer en la Casa Blanca. 
We are truly in a battle for the soul of our nation, and it’s up to all of us to stand up and reject intolerance in all its forms. We must give hate no safe harbor. 
The Russian Facebook trolls are back — and this time, they're going after my campaign. We cannot let 2016 repeat itself.Chip in $5 to our rapid response fund to help us fight back against their lies and foreign interference in our elections:  
Donald Trump talks tough on trade but has nothing to show for it—other than pain for America's families. Mike Pence has been his complicit sidekick, propping up Trump’s reckless trade wars and slighting hard-working Americans across the country. 
Assault weapons and high-capacity magazines have no place in our communities. I’ve taken on the to ban them once before, and I’ll do it again in the White House. 
 For Sandy Hook was a breaking point.In his own words, watch him describe meeting the families and first r…
After the most corrupt administration in modern history, the next president faces a big task: restoring faith in American government. A Biden administration will ensure our government works for all Americans — not just the powerful. 
In the United States, health care should be a right for all — not a privilege for the few. As president, I will give Americans a new choice — a Medicare-like public option — to ensure everyone has access to the quality, affordable care they need. 
Donald Trump has asked three foreign governments to interfere in our elections on his behalf. In full view of the American people, he has violated his oath of office and betrayed our nation.He must be impeached.
Four years of Betsy DeVos is more than enough. We’re going to make sure the next Secretary of Education is a teacher. 
I’m not going to be distracted by all of President Trump's lies, smears, distortions, and name-calling. I’m going to stay focused on the issues that matter to you—because action cannot wait when it comes to health care, or jobs, or education, or guns, or climate.
Thoughts and prayers won’t end our gun violence epidemic. It’s past time we take on the and pass common-sense gun safety reform — that starts with banning assault weapons and high-capacity magazines and requiring universal background checks.
Hosting the G7 at Trump’s hotel? A president should never be able to use the office for personal gain.
Let’s be clear — the effects of climate change are devastating. We need to take action. As president, I’ll not only address this grave threat— I’ll lead the rest of the world in addressing the climate emergency. Read my plan at  
Our firefighters and teachers should not be paying a higher tax rate than the super-wealthy. We’ve got to rebuild the middle class and, this time, make sure everyone comes along.
These moments, getting to speak with all of you...that's what keeps me going. We need a leader who cares. That's why I'm running for President. 
President Trump has relentlessly fought to sabotage and repeal Obamacare — I will not stand for it. I will protect and build on Obamacare as president, ensuring every American has peace of mind when it comes to their health care. 
This is what being bought and paid for by the looks like. It’s cowardly. 
President Trump withheld Congressionally appropriated aid to Ukraine unless they granted him a political favor. It's the definition of quid pro quo.This is no joke—Trump continues to put his own personal, political interests ahead of the national interest. He must be impeached. 
We’ve got to choose truth over lies — and that starts with getting Donald Trump out of the White House. 
15 years ago, I worked to help pass the North Korea Human Rights Act. We made our values clear to the brutal regime in Pyongyang. Trump has instead made excuses for the dictator in the North and refuses to appoint a special envoy for human rights in NK. It is disgraceful.
 Yes.Yes.Yes.Big reform plans from 
 we have a message for you: release your tax returns or shut up about corruption.Get yours today:
It is not just that Donald Trump is a liar. It is not just that he is corrupt. It is that every day he finds new ways to lie in an attempt to cover up his own corruption. 
Trump está restableciendo fondos "específicos" a Centroamérica. Yo apoyo la restauración de financiación total para abordar las causas de la crisis migratoria, incluyendo ayuda para el desarrollo, el cual reduce violencia/migración. Políticas coercitivas en sí no son suficientes. 
Congratulations for making history, and Because of you, every girl knows that even the stars are not beyond her reach. 
From day one, a Biden administration will be focused on rebuilding the backbone of our country — the middle class. And this time, we’ll make sure everyone comes along — regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or disability.
Venezuela’s election to the UN Human Rights Council is a travesty. Nicolás Maduro is a dictator, plain and simple. His regime’s human rights violations and extrajudicial killings have been documented by the UNHRC. 
Trump is only reinstating “targeted” funds to Central America. I support full restoration of bipartisan funding to address root causes of the migration crisis—including the development aid proven to reduce violence and migration. Law enforcement alone is not enough. 
Eliminate all private dollars from federal elections.Overturn Citizens United and end dark money groups.Ban lobbyists from donating to candidates they lobby.It's time we ensure our government works for the people — not just the powerful.
When leaders like Admiral McRaven speak, we should listen. Donald Trump is a threat to our national security — his erratic, impulsive decisions make us all less safe. We cannot give him eight years in the White House. 
Donald Trump is the most reckless and incompetent Commander-in-Chief we’ve ever had.
Every young person deserves to be affirmed and accepted exactly as they are — regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. Today on  and every day, we must ensure LGBTQ youth hear that message loud and clear.
Proud to stand with and every teacher and support staff member striking today for better staffing and quality schools for our students. It's time we support all workers with the pay and dignity they deserve. 
Today, we’re officially launching our fall line! Head to  to stock up on new t-shirts, stickers, sweatshirts, and more. 
Hosting a major foreign leader summit at a Trump hotel? Donald Trump continues to abuse his power to line his own pockets. Time to put up (your tax returns) or shut up Mr. President. 
From banning assault weapons to passing Obamacare — I know what it takes to pass important, consequential legislation. I'm the only person in this race with the proven ability to get the job done. 
Elijah Cummings was a true public servant, his life defined by the love of his community and a fierce commitment to ensuring truth wins over power. The whole Biden family sends our condolences to his wife, Maya, his children, and the entire city of Baltimore. 
The Kurds were integral in helping us defeat ISIS — and too many lost their lives. Now, President Trump has abandoned them. It's shameful.
Diplomacy isn’t just a series of handshakes and photo ops. But Donald Trump doesn't understand that — and he never will. 
The next president will face an enormous challenge of picking up the pieces of America’s foreign policy, salvaging our reputation, and rebuilding respect for the United States around the world.We need a leader who will be ready on day one. 
President Trump — what a delusional man. 
I’m about to take the stage in Iowa to discuss Donald Trump’s reckless actions in Syria. Tune in now to watch live: 
This afternoon, I'll be discussing Donald Trump's recent actions in Syria and how his erratic, impulsive decisions endanger our troops and make us all less safe. Tune in at 5PM ET to watch live:  
Unlike President Trump, I know what it takes to negotiate with Erdoğan. And if I were president, I would make him pay a heavy price for what he has done. 
The events of this past week in Syria have made clear just how dangerous Donald Trump is to our national security, to our leadership around the world, and to the lives of our brave men and women serving in uniform. 
 you want to talk about corruption? I’ve released 21 years of my tax returns — release yours or shut up. 
I won't need any on-the-job training. I'll be ready on day one.  
I’m relying on your support to power my campaign. Together, I know we can defeat Donald Trump and protect our democracy. Just $5 can make a difference. Chip in today:  
It's time we pick our heads up and remember who we are. This is the United States of America — there is not a single thing we cannot do if we do it together. 
I just stepped off the  stage, where I laid out my bold vision for the country and how I’ll deliver real progress for working families.If you liked what you heard tonight, help us keep our momentum going by pitching in: 
We have an erratic, crazy president who knows not a damn thing about foreign policy and operates out of fear for his own re-election.  
That’s all we have for tonight’s  Make sure to follow to stay up-to-date on everything happening on our campaign. 
Joe Biden is the only candidate on the  stage who has actually beaten the — and he did it twice.As president, he will ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines once again.  
Let’s put this in perspective: if you eliminate every single solitary soldier, tank, satellite, nuclear weapon, eliminate the Pentagon and it would only pay for 4 months of Medicare for All. 4 months.Where do the other 8 months come from? Your paycheck. 
Roe v. Wade is the law of the land. Period. As president, Joe Biden will stand up to attacks on a woman’s constitutional right to choose and enshrine Roe into federal law. 
Medicare for All will cost at least $30 trillion over 10 years — and it will be paid for in part by raising taxes on middle class families.Joe Biden has a better plan — he will protect and build on Obamacare to ensure everyone has access to quality, affordable health care. 
Joe Biden has a bold plan to end our gun violence epidemic. But it’s going to take more than plans—it’s going to take leadership and a proven ability to get things done.He's banned assault weapons and high-capacity magazines before ; he'll do it again.  
“We have an erratic, crazy President who knows not a damn thing about foreign policy.”
Three — that's how many times President Trump asked foreign governments to interfere in our political process.Why? Because he's scared. He knows Joe Biden will beat him like a drum.  
The United States has a vital national interest in Syria to ensure the lasting defeat of ISIS. We know that this terrorist group plotted to attack our homeland in the past, and we cannot let that threat re-emerge. 
Donald Trump betrayed our partners in the Syrian Democratic Forces and put at risk our gains against ISIS. This is a disaster of his own making. 
As president, Joe Biden will repeal Trump’s tax cuts for corporations and the super-wealthy, and build a tax code that rewards work, not just wealth. 
Our firefighters and teachers work tirelessly to make our communities safer, better places to live. They should not pay a higher tax rate than the super-wealthy. 
On day one, Joe Biden will move to:✅ Eliminate the Trump tax cut for the super-wealthy✅ Eliminate the unjustified loopholes in our tax code✅ Use that money to invest in America’s future
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history. He must be impeached.  
We can’t beat Donald Trump with double talk on health care.Joe Biden doesn’t just know what his health care plan is—he knows how much it would cost, and how he would pay for it.  
Medicare for All will cost *checks notes* 30x more than Joe Biden's plan to protect and build on Obamacare — and it will be paid for in part by raising taxes on middle class families.  
“Russia, if you’re listening…”“I would like you to do us a favor…” to Ukraine’s president“China should start an investigation.”Our President has asked three foreign powers to intervene in our elections on his behalf — and those are just the ones we know about! 
A president who puts his own self-interest ahead of the public good and national security poses a threat to each and every American in our daily lives.Donald Trump should be impeached. Period.  
Hey everyone — here! We’re taking over the account to keep you in the loop on tonight’s  Make sure to follow along for updates! 
Folks, we have to do more than beat Donald Trump.We have to beat him like a drum.When I take the  stage tonight, I'm going to show you that I'm the best candidate to do just that.Let's go.
From the Voting Rights Act renewal, to the ban on assault weapons, to the Violence Against Women Act, to Obamacare, to the Recovery Act that kept us from sliding into a Depression, I’ve delivered progress for you.I know what it takes to get it done.
Fixing what's broken in this country will take vision—and yes, it will take plans. But that’s not enough.It also takes the proven ability to get it done. And there is no one on tonight's stage who has a stronger record of passing important, consequential legislation than I do.
This election is about you. Your children. Your family. And you can’t wait for a president fighting for you when it comes to health care, or jobs, or education, or guns, or climate. The world can’t wait for America to once again lead a stable, peaceful international order.
For days, pundits have let Donald Trump define the conversation around tonight's  Trump doesn't get to pick the Democratic nominee. And I’m not going to be distracted by all his lies, smears, distortions, and name-calling. He’s picked a fight with the wrong guy.
Philadelphia's office cleaners work hard every day to keep the city's buildings clean. They deserve the dignity that comes with a living wage, access to health care, and a secure retirement. I stand with cleaners in their fight for a fair contract. 
Overturning Citizens United isn’t enough. Ridding our politics of big money and corporate special interests demands more. We must go further.I will introduce a constitutional amendment to get all private dollars out of our federal elections.
President Trump is leading the most corrupt administration in modern American history. It’s got to end.We must restore integrity to our government and ensure our elected officials work for all Americans — not just the powerful. 
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history.
The news from Fort Worth is heartbreaking. Atatiana Jefferson should still be alive today. We cannot allow this to keep happening, we must reform our policing practices and hold officers accountable for their actions. 
Donald Trump is the definition of corruption. At every turn, he has abused the power of the presidency to benefit his bottom line and weaponized the Executive Branch to serve himself.I’ll ensure our government works for the people—not just Donald Trump. 
Overturning Citizens United is an important step in ending the corrupting influence of money in our politics, but we must go further.As president, I will introduce a constitutional amendment to eliminate all private dollars from our federal elections.  
America was built on a simple proposition: we're all created equal. We haven't yet fully lived up to that ideal, but we've never stopped trying.Transgender folks deserve every right afforded to Americans — and as president, I will fight to secure those rights. 
On  we recognize the resiliency of indigenous communities and celebrate their rich contributions to society—while recommitting to the work that remains to come to terms with our past as a nation, to honor our promises, and work to right our wrongs.
Our Constitution begins with three simple words, “We the People” — not “We the Donors.” But for too long, corporations and special interests have corrupted our political process and rigged it in their favor.Today, I’m releasing my plan to change that: 
Corporations should not value their profits over the health and safety of their employees. As president, I will significantly increase the number of inspectors within the pork and beef industries to ensure every individual has safe working conditions. 
President Trump betrayed our partners, the Syrian Democratic Forces, and endangered our hard-won gains against ISIS. Our troops are left in the middle of a war with no plan other than retreat.He has failed as Commander-in-Chief to safeguard our country ; protect our troops. 
Donald Trump is a threat to our democracy. He must be impeached.
It is wonderful to see Sesame Street raising awareness about the effect of substance use disorder on families. We need to be doing more to help parents experiencing addiction and support children who end up in foster care because of this issue. 
The Affordable Care Act has been under relentless attack for the past nine years — I will not stand for it. As president, I will protect and build on the ACA to ensure every American has peace of mind when it comes to their health care. 
Thank you, I promise you won’t have a better ally in the White House if I’m president. I’m a union guy and always have been. Together, we can restore the soul of this nation. 
I’m about to take the stage at the Presidential Forum in Iowa, where I’ll discuss my plans to strengthen America’s unions. Tune in to watch live: 
The devastating effects of gun violence don’t end when the shooting is over—survivors may face mental health and substance use disorders in the months and years that follow.Enough is enough. We must end this epidemic. 
98% TO GOAL: Donald Trump is corrupt, and he’s abusing his power to pressure foreign governments into coming after Joe and his family. We’re 98% of the way to our response goal, but we’re still waiting to hear where you stand before 11:59 p.m. tonight: Should Trump be impeached?
98% TO GOAL: Donald Trump is corrupt, and he’s abusing his power to pressure foreign governments into coming after Joe and his family. We’re 98% of the way to our response goal, but we’re still waiting to hear where you stand before 11:59 p.m. tonight: Should Trump be impeached?
98% TO GOAL: Donald Trump is corrupt, and he’s abusing his power to pressure foreign governments into coming after Joe and his family. We’re 98% of the way to our response goal, but we’re still waiting to hear where you stand before 11:59 p.m. tonight: Should Trump be impeached?
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED: We need to hear from just 86 more concerned Americans before midnight to hit our goal, but we’re still missing your response. If you’re ready to take a stand against Donald Trump’s rampant abuse of power, let us know right now: Should Trump be impeached?
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED: We need to hear from just 86 more concerned Americans before midnight to hit our goal, but we’re still missing your response. If you’re ready to take a stand against Donald Trump’s rampant abuse of power, let us know right now: Should Trump be impeached?
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED: We need to hear from just 86 more concerned Americans before midnight to hit our goal, but we’re still missing your response. If you’re ready to take a stand against Donald Trump’s rampant abuse of power, let us know right now: Should Trump be impeached?
98% TO GOAL: Donald Trump is corrupt, and he’s abusing his power to pressure foreign governments into coming after Joe and his family. We’re 98% of the way to our response goal, but we’re still waiting to hear where you stand before 11:59 p.m. tonight: Should Trump be impeached?
98% TO GOAL: Donald Trump is corrupt, and he’s abusing his power to pressure foreign governments into coming after Joe and his family. We’re 98% of the way to our response goal, but we’re still waiting to hear where you stand before 11:59 p.m. tonight: Should Trump be impeached?
98% TO GOAL: Donald Trump is corrupt, and he’s abusing his power to pressure foreign governments into coming after Joe and his family. We’re 98% of the way to our response goal, but we’re still waiting to hear where you stand before 11:59 p.m. tonight: Should Trump be impeached?
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED: We need to hear from just 86 more concerned Americans before midnight to hit our goal, but we’re still missing your response. If you’re ready to take a stand against Donald Trump’s rampant abuse of power, let us know right now: Should Trump be impeached?
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED: We need to hear from just 86 more concerned Americans before midnight to hit our goal, but we’re still missing your response. If you’re ready to take a stand against Donald Trump’s rampant abuse of power, let us know right now: Should Trump be impeached?
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED: We need to hear from just 86 more concerned Americans before midnight to hit our goal, but we’re still missing your response. If you’re ready to take a stand against Donald Trump’s rampant abuse of power, let us know right now: Should Trump be impeached?
 Thanks Sarah. I'm proud of you and so is Beau.
A good education should be a reliable pathway to the middle class—not saddle you with mountains of debt. My new plan will provide two years of community college without debt, double Pell grants, invest $50 billion in workforce training programs, and more. 
Immigrants have always made us stronger as a nation — our diversity has always been our greatest strength. Donald Trump doesn’t get that. 
President Trump's attacks on Congresswoman Omar and Somali refugees have no place in our nation — let alone the White House.A president should unite us around our shared goals and lift us up, not stoke the flames of hatred and tear us down. 
I was proud to work with Matthew’s parents, Judy and Dennis, to extend our hate crimes law to cover sexual orientation and gender identity. But there’s still more work to be done — we can’t rest until every single American can live open and proud without fear.
21 years ago, Matthew Shepard passed away after a brutal anti-gay hate crime — an attack that shook the conscience of our nation. As we honor his memory, we must remember that members of the LGBTQ community — especially trans women of color — are still targeted with violence.
President Trump believes he can and will get away with anything he does. We all laughed when he said he could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot someone and get away with it.Now, he is shooting holes in our Constitution. We cannot let him get away with it.
We believe Americans should decide American elections. But Trump will do anything to get re-elected, including violating the most basic norms of our democracy. It's dangerous.We cannot give him four more years in the White House.
Our planet is at a critical moment — and if we re-elect Donald Trump, it may never recover.On day one, I’ll take action to reverse the damage done by this administration and put America on track to lead the world in addressing the climate emergency. 
Let me make something clear to President Trump: I’m not going anywhere.You’re not going to destroy me. And you’re not going to destroy my family. I don’t care how dirty the attacks get.
Living open and proud is a daily act of bravery — bravery that resides in the heart of every single LGBTQ individual.To those who have come out and to those who haven’t, know that I’m proud of you. You are loved and you are accepted just as you are. 
Today is a reminder to every girl on the planet: nothing is beyond your capacity or capability. And all of us must work to ensure that girls around the world have the chance to participate fully in society and that their rights are respected. 
To LGBTQ people suffering persecution anywhere: the American people are on your side. And as president, I will ensure the U.S. leads the world to defend human rights for all.
LGBTQ rights are human rights. Uganda's proposed new law is inhumane. Using religion or culture to license discrimination is never justifiable. Period. 
Using religion or culture to discriminate against or demonize LGBTQ individuals is never justified—not anywhere in the world.I will send a clear message from the top of our government: prejudice is prejudice, inhumanity is inhumanity, and the U.S. will not stand for it. 
I spent my night at the HRC forum talking about the fundamental respect every human being deserves. You spent yours showing how little respect for anyone else you have. America is so much stronger than your weakness,
Honored to be asked a question at tonight's  by my friend Judy Shepard. It was a privilege to work with her to secure the passage of legislation that extended our hate crimes laws to crimes based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
We have to make sure that no hospital or health care provider can discriminate against someone simply because of who they are or whom they love.  
There is no distinction between mental health and physical health — it’s health. Period. We've got to combat the stigma and ensure everyone has access to the care they need and deserve. 
 “There is no one in the field who has done more, with results to show for it, to advance the rights and welfare of LGBTQ peopl…
Looking forward to joining at tonight’s  to discuss the work that remains in the fight for LGBTQ rights. Tune in to CNN at 8PM ET to watch live.
For all the hard-won progress we've made in the fight for LGBTQ equality, we're not done — not nearly.We must stand up to President Trump's dangerous attacks on the rights of the LGBTQ community and continue to fight for full equality. 
Americans should decide American elections. Period. 
I sat down with of the to discuss the progress we’ve made on LGBTQ rights and the work that remains. Transgender equality is the civil rights issue of our time—I won’t stop fighting until everyone is treated with the dignity and respect they deserve. 
President Trump picked a fight with the wrong guy. 
Trump made this decision on a whim, after a phone call with Turkish President Erdogan. There was no process. No consultation with our military, our diplomats, or our allies. Trump got rolled, plain and simple, because he has no idea what he's doing.
But that's not all — he betrayed our brave troops, who sacrificed alongside them. He betrayed our word as a nation — raising doubts among our allies around the world about America's security commitments.
Donald Trump sold out the Syrian Democratic Forces — the courageous Kurds and Arabs who fought with us to smash ISIS's caliphate — and he betrayed a key local ally in the fight against terrorism. 
In full view of the American people, Donald Trump has violated his oath of office and betrayed this nation. He must be impeached. 
President Trump has decided that we don't have the power or the political will to hold him accountable. He's not just testing us — he's laughing at us.We must prove him wrong. He must be impeached. 
Like every bully, President Trump is lashing out because he’s afraid. He’s afraid of how badly I will beat him next November.Let’s make his worst fear a reality:  
Only a little farther north, Timothy Ragland won his race to become both the youngest and first African American mayor of Talladega. I'm confident they will serve the people of Alabama well.
Last night, history was made in the birthplace of the civil rights movement, when Steven Reed became the first African American mayor of Montgomery.
President Trump sees no limit to his power. He believes he can — and will — get away with anything he does. 
To preserve our Constitution, our democracy, and our basic integrity — Donald Trump should be impeached. 
Two days ago, Trump impulsively gave Turkey a green light to invade Syria, blindsiding our military. Today, we see the consequences—Turkish forces attacking the fighters that helped us take on ISIS. It’s a betrayal, takes pressure off the terrorist threat, ; leaves us less safe.
Every day Donald Trump is in the White House, he poses a grave threat to our democracy. We must make him a one-term president.Help us defeat him by pitching in to our Beat Trump Fund before midnight: 
With his words and with his actions, President Trump has indicted himself.He should be impeached.
Thanks for watching. Stop stonewalling the Congress. Honor your oath. Respect the Constitution.And speaking of taxpayers, I’ve released 21 years of my tax returns. You? 
Join me now as I take the stage: 
I’m about to take the stage in New Hampshire to discuss the grave threat Donald Trump poses to our democracy and the action we must take. Tune in now: 
This afternoon, I’ll be speaking about President Trump’s abuse of power and the grave threat he poses to our democracy. Tune in at 12:45 PM ET to watch live. 
Jill and I send our best wishes to those taking part in the Hindu festival of Navratri. As the nine days of celebration come to a close, let us remain optimistic of the triumph of good over evil and the opportunity of new beginnings.
I have spent my entire career fighting the abuse of power.Donald Trump has spent his entire career abusing his power.
In public and in private, President Trump has asked foreign governments to interfere in our elections on his behalf. It is an abuse of power. We cannot let him get away with it.Chip in to our Trump Rapid Response Fund to help us respond:  
Jill and I wish Jewish communities around the world an easy fast as they gather to observe Yom Kippur. The Day of Atonement is an important reminder of the obligation we all share to reflect on our actions and recommit to our values in the year ahead. L’Shana Tovah.
President Trump must stop stonewalling Congress and fully cooperate with the investigations. The American people deserve the truth. 
No one should live in fear of being fired because of who they are or whom they love. We must stand up to President Trump’s relentless attacks on LGBTQ rights and continue the fight for full equality—because every American deserves to live open, proud, and free. 
We will make historic investments in education and training to ensure every American has a reliable path to the middle class—regardless of their parents’ income or the color of their skin.Wondering how the plan will benefit you? Take the quiz:  
Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Minority-Serving Institutions play a vital role in our communities. A Biden administration will invest $70 billion in these institutions to improve affordability, build high tech labs and facilities, and support student success.
A Biden administration will take concrete action to address the student debt crisis in our country. We will expand access to Pell Grants, more than halve income-based payments on undergraduate federal student loans, and make student loan forgiveness work for public servants.
 calls community colleges America’s best kept secret — she's right. A Biden administration will invest in these institutions, providing every American with two years of community college or other high-quality training programs without debt.
A good education should be a reliable pathway to the middle class. But for too many, earning a credential or degree after high school comes with a mountain of debt or is out of reach altogether.Today, I’m releasing my plan to change that: 
Firefighters and teachers should not pay a higher tax rate than the wealthiest in our country. As president, I will reverse President Trump’s tax cuts for the super-wealthy and create a tax code that works for the middle class.It’s time we reward work, not just wealth.
Abuse of power is the defining characteristic of the Trump presidency.Donald Trump has abused the foreign policy of the United States to extract personal, political favors from multiple countries.We must stop him. 
Today, I'm proud the campaign is launching Women for Biden. There's so much at stake in this election — and so much more work to do in the fight for women's health care, paychecks, safety, and families:  
As president, I will make passing the Equality Act a top legislative priority. A Biden administration won’t rest until we truly achieve full equality, and everyone is treated with dignity and respect under the law.
A president should use the full might of the executive branch to secure justice, dignity, and safety for all. Instead, President Trump does the opposite — callously exerting his power over the most vulnerable.We must send a clear message: We will not stand for this.
This week, the Trump Administration is set to argue before the Supreme Court that it’s legal to discriminate against someone simply because of who they are or whom they love. It’s a dangerous attack on the civil rights of LGBTQ Americans and everything we stand for.
We cannot, and will not, stand for President Trump’s corruption. We will beat him like a drum.
If we stand together we can, and will, end our gun violence epidemic. Read my full plan to address this public health epidemic at 
President Trump continuously dishonors everything it means to hold the office of President of the United States of America. We must make him a one-term president.
Elena is the pride of Delaware. Wishing her well as she recovers — we need more professional athletes like her sharing their support for inclusive sports. I'm looking forward to seeing her back on the court soon.
In my experience, asking a foreign government to manufacture lies about your domestic political opponent is not “done all the time.” 
No family should be struggling to make ends meet. American farmers are hurting as a result of President Trump’s broken promises — his trade war is reckless.  As president, I’ll stand up to China and pursue a trade policy that prioritizes American workers.
Our planet just experienced the hottest September on record — yet President Trump continues to dismiss the devastating effects of climate change. As president, I’ll address this grave threat and lead the world in addressing our climate emergency.
It's clear who President Trump works for. He gave giant tax cuts to the super-wealthy and corporations. Now, he’s cutting food stamp funding for the 3rd time. It’s cruel.No family should go hungry in America. 
Jill and I are devastated to hear about last night’s shooting in Kansas City. No one should ever have to fear that they, or their loved ones, may not return home due to senseless violence.We must come together as a country to put an end to these tragedies once and for all.
Every day it becomes clearer, we cannot give Donald Trump four more years in the White House. Stand with me, and together we can make him a one-term president: 
And to Trump and those who facilitate his abuses of power, and all the special interests funding his attacks against me: Please know that I’m not going anywhere. You won’t destroy me, and you won’t destroy my family. And come November 2020, I intend to beat you like a drum.
While the House does its job on impeachment, I’m going to stay focused on what matters: improving the lives of Americans and fighting to ensure that the United States is once again the leader of the free world.
It’s the same cynical playbook he returns to again and again. But this time it won’t work, because the American people know me—and they know him. I will put the integrity of my whole career in public service to this nation up against Trump’s lack of integrity any day of the week.
Our first president, George Washington, famously could not tell a lie. Trump seemingly cannot tell the truth — about anything. He slanders anyone he sees as a threat. It's why is he is frantically pushing flat-out lies, debunked conspiracy theories and smears against me.
He does not understand the immense responsibility demanded of all those who hold the office of the president of the United States. He sees only the power – and how it can benefit just one person: Donald Trump.
Every day, more evidence is uncovered revealing that Trump is abusing the power of the presidency and is wholly unfit to be president. He is using the highest office in the land to advance his personal, political interests instead of the national interest.
Obamacare was, and is, a big deal. It covered 20 million additional Americans, protects over 100 million with pre-existing conditions, and has saved lives.We can’t afford to tear it down and start over. As president, I will protect and build on it. 
President Trump is spending millions of dollars attacking me because he's scared I'll beat him.But I’m not going anywhere. I won’t let Donald Trump choose the Democratic nominee. 
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern history. 
If there are any angels in heaven, they are all male and female nurses. 
RESPONSE NEEDED: Trump is ADAMANT that he did nothing wrong by pressuring Ukraine to smear Joe Biden with debunked conspiracies.  We say it's an abuse of power, but we need to hear from you. Please, before we close our poll at 11:59 PM: Did Donald Trump break the law?
RESPONSE NEEDED: Trump is ADAMANT that he did nothing wrong by pressuring Ukraine to smear Joe Biden with debunked conspiracies.  We say it's an abuse of power, but we need to hear from you. Please, before we close our poll at 11:59 PM: Did Donald Trump break the law?
RESPONSE NEEDED: Trump is ADAMANT that he did nothing wrong by pressuring Ukraine to smear Joe Biden with debunked conspiracies.  We say it's an abuse of power, but we need to hear from you. Please, before we close our poll at 11:59 PM: Did Donald Trump break the law?
RESPONSE NEEDED: Trump is ADAMANT that he did nothing wrong by pressuring Ukraine to smear Joe Biden with debunked conspiracies.  We say it's an abuse of power, but we need to hear from you. Please, before we close our poll at 11:59 PM: Did Donald Trump break the law?
RESPONSE NEEDED: Trump is ADAMANT that he did nothing wrong by pressuring Ukraine to smear Joe Biden with debunked conspiracies.  We say it's an abuse of power, but we need to hear from you. Please, before we close our poll at 11:59 PM: Did Donald Trump break the law?
RESPONSE NEEDED: Trump is ADAMANT that he did nothing wrong by pressuring Ukraine to smear Joe Biden with debunked conspiracies.  We say it's an abuse of power, but we need to hear from you. Please, before we close our poll at 11:59 PM: Did Donald Trump break the law?
We have a president who believes he is above the law and that there is no limit to his power.He is wrong. We cannot let him get away with this.Chip in to help us beat him like a drum:  
Donald Trump is the definition of corruption.
Roe v. Wade is the law of the land, and we must fight any and all attempts to overturn it. As president, I will codify Roe into law and ensure this choice remains between a woman and her doctor. 
Health care is personal to me like it is for so many Americans. I promise you, as president, I will protect your family's health care as I would my own. 
It has been 219 days since the House passed the bipartisan universal background check bill. Every day since, McConnell has refused to bring it up for a vote.Enough. How many more Americans must die for Senate Republicans to stand up to the and take action?
Looking forward to joining at the  Summit this afternoon to talk about my plans to protect and strengthen America’s unions and rebuild the middle class. Tune in: 
This is who Donald Trump is.A president who abuses the power of the Oval Office to win re-election, turns his back on the fight for democracy in Hong Kong, and puts his own self-interest above the public good.We have to show the world who we are. 
Extreme risk laws save lives. Period.As president, I will incentivize states to adopt these important laws to help keep guns out of dangerous hands.Read my full plan to end our gun violence epidemic:  
It's clear President Trump doesn't care about the farmers and manufacturers being crushed by his reckless trade war—just this week, 160 workers were laid off in the Quad Cities. Enough.As president, I will end these failed policies and put American workers first. 
I’m not surprised President Trump asked foreign governments for help to beat me and that his special interest friends are spending millions to attack me.But we can't let the lies, smears, and distortions distract us from what's at stake in this election. 
The idea of Donald Trump attacking anyone’s integrity is a joke.
Our children should not have to worry about their safety at school. Enough is enough. We must take action to end our gun violence epidemic. 
You should need to pass a background check to buy a gun. Period.I will enact universal background check legislation and close loopholes that allow guns to fall into the wrong hands.Read my full plan to end gun violence:  
Mr. President, you cannot extort foreign governments to help you win re-election. It’s an abuse of power. It violates your oath of office. And it jeopardizes our national security. I know you want to rig the primary and pick your opponent, but I’m not going anywhere. 
We’re going to do more than just beat President Trump — we’re going to beat him like a drum. 
All the progress we've made on domestic violence and sexual assault has been because of people like Bonnie Campbell. Grateful for her kind words in reflecting on the history of the Violence Against Women Act. 
I will put the integrity of my whole career in public service to this nation up against President Trump's long record of lying, cheating, and stealing any day of the week. 
Because of the courage and determination of folks like and groups like the fight for gun safety reform has gone from a cause to a movement.We will end our gun violence epidemic — together.  
President Trump broke his promise to America's farmers. He campaigned on having their backs, but now his administration is abandoning them and claiming family farms might not survive. I will expand opportunities for our farmers — not count them out. 
52 years ago, Thurgood Marshall became the first African American Supreme Court Justice. A legal giant in the struggle for civil rights—he relentlessly pushed America closer to our promise of liberty, equality, and justice for all. His voice forever changed the course of history.
 I’ll never forget the compassion that showed me after I was shot. That compassion shined on stage.Gun violen…
En el 1994, el senador Feinstein y yo dirigimos la lucha para prohibir las armas de fuego para asalto y las revistas de alta capacidad. Luchamos contra el y los vencimos.Como presidente, volveré a prohibir estas armas de guerra. Las sacaremos de nuestras calles.
In 1994, Senator Feinstein and I led the fight to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. We took on the and got it done.As president, I’ll ban these weapons of war once again. We will get them off our streets. 
I'm about to take the stage at the  Forum in Las Vegas to discuss my track record of taking on the and my new plan to end our gun violence epidemic. Read the full plan at  and then watch live: 
This is not how an American president should act. 
Thoughts and prayers won't end our gun violence epidemic. We need courage, and we need leadership. It's past time we take on the and pass common-sense gun safety reform.Today, I released my plan to end our gun violence epidemic: 
 and I are sending our best wishes to Jane, and the whole Sanders family. Anyone who knows Bernie understands what a force he is. We are confident that he will have a full and speedy recovery and look forward to seeing him on the trail soon.
President Trump is morally unfit to lead our country. 
President Trump asked a foreign government to interfere in our elections, and now he's spending $10 million on attack ads against me. It's clear that he is trying to influence the primary and pick his opponent.Why? Because he knows I’ll beat him like a drum.
Weapons of war have no place on our streets.We must take on the and ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. I’ve done it before, and I’ll do it again in the White House. 
One of my favorite parts of debate night has become meeting our contest winners from around the country. God love ya, JoAnne. Thanks for coming to Houston.Enter for your chance to join me at the next Democratic debate:  
The brave people of Hong Kong deserve the full support of the United States as they demand the civil liberties and autonomy promised to them. Violent suppression is unacceptable. The world is watching. 
President Trump works for the work for the American people. 
Two years ago, we watched in horror as 58 precious lives were cut short in the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history. As we remember those we lost in Las Vegas, we must honor them with action. We cannot let the scourge of gun violence tear our communities apart any longer.
Wonder why President Trump is lying about me? It's because he knows that I will beat him like a drum.Chip in $5 before tonight’s public fundraising deadline to help us defeat Donald Trump and stop the outrageous lying and cheating he engages in:  
Being middle class isn’t a number. It’s a value set. It’s about the issues that matter to every American family: a good education, economic opportunity, access to quality, affordable health care.We've got to rebuild the middle class and, this time, ensure everyone comes along.
Harris County Deputy Sandeep Dhaliwal was a hero and a trailblazer who selflessly served his community every day. and I are keeping his family and loved ones in our hearts. 
Grateful for the leadership of for finding purpose in tragedy.We will beat the and end our gun violence epidemic. 
President Trump is trying to hijack this election. We cannot let him get away with it.
We can combat climate change.We can end our gun violence epidemic.We can ensure every American has access to quality, affordable health care.It’s all within our reach if we unite this country. There’s not a single thing we cannot do — together.
We must end this epidemic of violence against the transgender community — especially trans women of color. It’s up to all of us to stand up and give hate no safe harbor.Every American deserves to live open, proud, free and without fear. 
Let’s be clear, this attack is designed to weaken our unions and take away workers’ voices on the job. It’s wrong. I stand with Alaska’s public employees. 
The science is clear: we cannot wait to take action on climate change.On day one, I’ll take unprecedented steps to rally the world and tackle this crisis head on. We can and will solve this — together. 
On Monday, $255 million in funding expires for historically black colleges and universities and minority-serving institutions. Senate Republicans need to pass the  now. Our students and educators cannot afford to wait. 
President Trump is trying to hijack this election to distract from how he has turned his back on America's families: sabotaging our health care, prioritizing tax cuts for the super-wealthy, and rolling back our progress on climate change.We won't let him get away with it.
To everyone in the Jewish community, and I wish you a very happy, healthy, and sweet New Year.  
The Trump Administration is responsible for the largest reduction in federally protected land — it’s wrong. As president, I will reverse President Trump's actions and protect our precious federal lands for generations to come.   
We need to take the next step in improving our nation’s health care system. The Affordable Care Act was an historic first step — we need to build on it, not start from scratch. I’ll protect and build on Obamacare to ensure everyone has access to affordable, quality health care.
It is long past time to address the devastating effects of climate change. As president, I will take action against those who knowingly harm our environment. 
It’s clear — we are in a battle for the soul of this nation. It’s time to pick our heads up and show the world who we are. We are the United States of America — there is nothing beyond our capacity.
Yesterday in Las Vegas, we discussed the crucial need to address the gun violence epidemic. Folks, it’s time to pass common-sense gun safety legislation. I’ve beaten the twice — and as president, I’ll do it again. 
Donald Trump has turned his back on America’s families. It’s time we rewarded work, not just wealth. 
In America, health care should be a right for all. But time and again, President Trump has made it harder for underrepresented and underserved communities to access the affordable, quality health care they need.It's shameful, and as president, I will reverse his actions. 
We are not a country that detains migrant children indefinitely or denies them access to soap, toothbrushes, or beds.We are a country that welcomes those in search of a better life—the tired, the poor, the huddled masses yearning to breathe free.Trump doesn't get that. 
If those in power don't take action to end our gun violence epidemic, we must vote them out. Period. 
I remember when we had a president our children could look up to. 
I believe our elections should be decided by the American people — not foreign governments.
Let's be clear, President Trump is trying to hijack this election.This isn’t a Democratic issue or a Republican issue. This is a national issue. 
It’s been 11 days since workers started their strike to fight for higher wages, good benefits, and their fair share of the profits. It’s time for GM to come to the bargaining table with a fair offer that ends the strike and gets its workers back on the job. 
Every American deserves access to quality, affordable health care—regardless of the state they live in.We can't let President Trump continue to work with states to undermine Medicaid and prevent low-income Americans from accessing health care. 
Every day it becomes clearer, the core values of our nation — our very democracy — are at risk with President Trump in the White House.We must hold Trump accountable. We cannot let him get away with shredding our Constitution.
 Introducing the  Action Center! 💻 We’ve made it easier than ever to get involved with our campaign, from anywhere in…
I want America to be the envy of the world again. 
Income inequality is on the rise across the country — made worse by President Trump’s tax cuts for the super-wealthy. We've got to rebuild the middle class and, this time, we’ll make sure everyone comes along. 
We have a President who believes there is no limit to his power, who believes he can do anything and get away with it, and who believes he is above the law.This isn’t a Democratic issue or a Republican issue. This is a national issue.
If I am elected President, I guarantee you I will protect your family's health care as if it were my own. Because it's personal. 
Enjoyed sitting down with to talk about what’s at stake in this election and the urgent need to make Donald Trump a one-term president.Tune in to tonight! 
Donald Trump pressured Ukraine to manufacture a smear against a domestic political opponent — the “transcript” made that clear. It’s an abuse of power that violates the oath of office and undermines our democracy.Congress must hold him accountable.
Across the country, health care premiums are rising because of President Trump. His attempts to tear down Obamacare have rattled the insurance marketplace and driven up costs for hardworking Americans. It's unacceptable. 
President Trump’s travel ban—the Muslim ban—remains one of his most egregious attacks on our core values. Spewing the politics of fear ; slandering an entire religious community as complicit in terrorism is wrong ; goes against everything we stand for. We must overturn the ban. 
Our president put personal politics above his sacred oath. The House must do its job and hold Donald Trump to account for his abuse of power. I will do mine, making my case for a presidency that will mean real help for those in our country who need it most. 
Inspired by the courage and tenacity of She is right — we cannot fail future generations any longer. We must take urgent, drastic action to address the climate emergency before it’s too late. 
El derecho al voto es el derecho más sagrado como estadounidense, y depende de nosotros hacer que se escuche nuestra voz en cada elección. Dirígete a  para registrarte para votar y envíalo a cinco amigos para que también se registren.
President Trump cut outreach programs that help people get health insurance coverage. At every turn, he has sabotaged the ACA and made it harder for Americans to access health care. It's wrong.I'll protect and build on Obamacare to ensure everyone receives the care they need. 
Pressuring the leader of another nation to investigate a political opponent — to help win an election — is not the conduct of an American President. 
President Trump's actions are an abuse of power. They undermine our national security. They violate the oath of office. If we allow a President to get away with shredding the United States Constitution — that will last forever.
The right to vote is the most sacred American right there is — and it’s up to all of us to make our voices heard in every election. Head to  to register to vote and then send it to five friends to get them registered. 
Obamacare was, and is, a big deal. It covered 20 million additional Americans and protects over 100 million people with pre-existing conditions. We can't let President Trump and congressional Republicans tear it down.Add your name if you agree:
The pay gap that Native women face — due to both their gender and the color of their skin — is unacceptable. We must right these wrongs and close the gender pay gap once and for all. 
Un verano.26 tiroteos masivos.Incontables vidas truncadas.No podemos seguir así. Ya es hora de que nos enfrentemos al aprobemos la legislación sobre seguridad de armas y terminemos con nuestra epidemia de violencia. 
I’ve seen firsthand how hard America’s teachers and support staff work with little support and few resources. They deserve better. I’m proud to support Chicago’s educators as they fight for fair wages, full staffing, and smaller class sizes.
Amy, you have nothing to be ashamed of and every reason to be proud. Living open and free is a daily act of bravery — bravery that resides in your heart and in the hearts of LGBTQ people around the world. I’m proud to have you on our team.  
I always enjoy attending the  but the energy that brought this year made it my favorite one yet. Thank you for a great weekend, Iowa! 
One summer.26 mass shootings.Countless lives cut short.We cannot go on like this. It’s past time we take on the pass common-sense gun safety legislation, and end our gun violence epidemic. 
Wishing a happy birthday to the rock and roll legend, Your ability to connect with everyday Americans and the issues they face is unrivaled. We are all better off because of your talent, your passion, and your voice.
 Vice President will join me on television Wednesday, Sept. 25th. Please make a note of it.
So release the transcript of the call then. 
President Trump and congressional Republicans will stop at nothing to repeal Obamacare. We’ve seen how close they’ve come—just one vote away. We can’t give them another chance.I'll protect and build on Obamacare to ensure everyone has access to quality, affordable health care. 
Republicans should never have allowed the 1994 ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines to expire.As president, I’ll take on the once again to ban these weapons of war and get them off our streets.
Tonight, you made history, And as you did it, you reminded us that there is so much more that unites us than divides us. You blazed a trail that will mean so much to so many young people who can now imagine themselves standing on that stage because of you.
It’s time we start rewarding work, not just wealth. America's workers deserve better. I’m proud to stand in solidarity with 
I’m running for president to restore the backbone of this country — the middle class. And this time, everyone is going to come along.
We must take action to end the gun violence epidemic. Enough is enough. 
Let’s be clear, Donald Trump pressured a foreign government to interfere in our elections. It goes against everything the United States stands for.We must make him a one-term president.
Today, I proudly stood alongside members on strike in Kansas City as they fight for a fair contract. Everything that defines a middle class life is because of unions fighting for worker protections. I stand with you, and America stands with you. 
We're going to beat Donald Trump. Like a drum. Join us:  
I’ll protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American has access to affordable, quality health care. With my plan, if you like your private insurance, you can keep it. 
I’m even more optimistic about the future of our country than I was as a 29-year-old in the Senate. We are the United States of America — together, there is nothing we can’t do. 
America was built by hard-working, ordinary people doing extraordinary things. It’s time we start rewarding work, not just wealth.
Desperate Donald Trump knows that I can beat him, so now he’s enlisting the help of a foreign government — once again. It’s an abuse of power and violates every basic norm of the presidency.We cannot give him four more years in the White House. 
There's a lot at "steak" in this election.  
Not a joke,  is strong in Iowa.  
Stopped by  to thank folks for their support before today's  
Eight. That’s how many times Donald Trump asked a foreign leader to investigate me and my family.Why? Because he knows I'll beat him like a drum. 
It's wrong what GM is doing to its workers — they deserve better. I'm proud to stand in solidarity with members on strike as they fight for fair wages, good benefits, and their hard-earned share of the profits. 
Happy Homecoming, Delaware State University! I’m biased, but you are the greatest HBCU in the country.
Today is a day to celebrate Armenia’s democratic progress and to honor Armenia’s history. That history is not complete unless we recognize, once and for all, the Metz Yeghern—the Armenian Genocide. 
Before tonight's  in Iowa, I shared why I believe everybody deserves to be treated with dignity and respect under the law — regardless of who they are or whom they love. 
LGBTQ rights are the civil rights issue of our time. For all the hard-won progress made in the fight for equality, and for as much as we can celebrate how much better things have gotten, this fight is not over. I’m proud to stand by those who fight for it every day. 
Today, I am back in the Hawkeye State, discussing the issues that impact the lives of LGBTQ Americans at the  Tune in live: 
If these reports are true, then there is truly no bottom to President Trump’s willingness to abuse his power and abase our country. 
Today, we remember and honor our nation's prisoners of war and those still missing in action. We have an obligation to fulfill our national promise to our military service members and their families to bring all our heroes home. You are not forgotten.  
Last Friday, on the 25th anniversary of VAWA, delivered a powerful message and reminded us that there’s so much more to do. Thank you to for the important work you do every day to support women at UNH. 
Saddened to hear of the passing of Maurice Ferré — the father of modern-day Miami. A trailblazer and a true public servant, he paved the way for others as the first Hispanic mayor of Miami. He will be deeply missed. Jill and I are keeping his loved ones in our hearts.
Hace dos años, el huracán María tocó tierra en Puerto Rico, devastando la isla y robando la vida de miles. En ese momento en que nuestros compatriotas necesitaron más ayuda, el presidente Trump les falló. 
Two years ago, Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico — devastating the island and killing thousands.At a time when our fellow Americans needed help the most, President Trump failed them. 
Inspired by the courage and determination of young people across the world as they take to the streets for today’s  Climate change is an existential threat that we cannot wait to address. It's up to all of us to take action—future generations are counting on us.
From Universal Pre-K to fighting for raising the minimum wage, has a record of taking on the important issues we face as a nation. Thank you for running a campaign focused on lifting up working families. 
 and I are thinking of everyone in Texas affected by Tropical Depression Imelda. Please follow the instructions of local authorities and take all necessary precautions to stay safe during this flooding. 
Our students deserve better than four more years of Donald Trump and Betsy DeVos.
We started with the goal of ending the epidemic of sexual violence on our college campuses. I’m proud of the progress we’ve made, but we have further to go. As we celebrate  we must recommit to rooting out the toxic culture once and for all. 
Wealthy special interests and corporations have dominated our politics for far too long.It’s time we overturn Citizens United and create a public financing system for our elections.
Siempre estuve orgulloso de servir junto al presidente Obama, pero nunca más que cuando aprobamos la Ley del Cuidado de Salud a Bajo Costo. Como presidente, protegeré y ampliaré Obamacare para garantizar que cada estadounidense reciba la atención médica que merece. 
I was proud to serve alongside President Obama every day, but never more so than when we passed the Affordable Care Act.As president, I’ll protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American receives the health care they deserve:  
South Carolina is one of only five states without a hate crime law. But this week, and the Columbia City Council stood up and declared that hatred and bigotry have no place in their city. 
Jill and I are heartbroken at the passing of Dr. Emily Clyburn. She was a remarkable woman — an activist and community leader, a true partner throughout Jim's career in public office. Jim and the entire Clyburn family are in our hearts during this time of grief. 
It’s past time we ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. We must get these weapons of war out of our communities. 
I’m more optimistic about America’s future today than I was when I was first elected to the Senate as a 29-year-old kid. There’s not a single thing we cannot do — if we do it together.
We need a president who believes in science over fiction. As president, I will fight for rigorous fuel economy standards that protect our health, our environment, and our economy.
Donald Trump continues his relentless effort to roll back the hard-fought progress we made in the Obama-Biden Administration. Higher auto emission standards make the air we all breathe cleaner, keep us healthier—and keep our auto industry competitive in the global marketplace. 
When domestic abusers have easy access to guns, the result can be fatal. Gov. Sununu should work with the NH legislature to keep guns out of the hands of abusers. I wrote ; passed the Violence Against Women Act. I’ve taken on the NRA twice — and as president, I’ll do it again.
Another school year is starting. Another month of Senate Republicans’ inaction on gun violence. This powerful ad from my friends captures the physical and emotional consequences of that inaction. 
When I talk about our gun violence epidemic, I’m not only talking about the tragic mass shootings that make national news. I’m also talking about the shootings that occur every day in communities across the nation like Wilmington, Delaware.We must take on the and end this. 
No one should be fired simply because of who they are or who they love. We must pass the Equality Act and ensure LGBTQ Americans are treated with the dignity and respect they deserve.
I can promise you that no one will work harder to earn the support of every Amtrak employee. 
America’s unions and workers are standing up and demanding better. Together, we will rebuild the great American middle class and ensure every worker receives the pay and benefits they deserve. 
Grateful for all the support at last night’s Galivants Ferry Stump in South Carolina! It’s time we get up, come together as a nation, and lead the world once again. Because there’s not a single thing we cannot do together. 
Our firefighters and teachers should not be paying a higher tax rate than someone making $50 million a year.We’ve got to repeal President Trump’s tax cuts for the super-wealthy and create a tax code that works for the middle class.
This afternoon, I’m joining at the  Summit to discuss how a Biden administration will rebuild America’s middle class and strengthen the right to organize and collectively bargain. Tune in: 
Cokie Roberts was a pioneer. Relentless in her pursuit of the truth and steadfast in her commitment to breaking down barriers for women in journalism—our country is better because of it. and I send our prayers to her loved ones at this time. 
Thank you, South Carolina, for a great evening at the Galivants Ferry Stump. As I discussed last night, we’ve got to rebuild America’s middle class. That starts with repealing President Trump’s tax cuts for the super-wealthy and rewarding work — not just wealth. 
It’s always good to be back at the Galivants Ferry Stump! 
259 days into 2019.300 mass shootings.We cannot go on like this.
America’s farmers continue to pay the price for President Trump’s reckless trade war. He thinks he’s being tough, but it’s easy to act tough when someone else is feeling the pain.As president, I’ll stand up to China and help working families. 
It is only with persistent effort, fortitude in our actions, and faith in ourselves and the future that change comes. It’s never easy. But I know there’s nothing we can’t accomplish if we stand together as Americans. 
Hate only hides, it doesn't go away. We have not relegated white supremacy and racism to the pages of history. But the greatness of this nation has always been, and must continue to be, that we still strive to. 
Being a nation of immigrants is one of America's greatest strengths. It doesn't matter where your family comes from — we're bound by the same ideals and made up of the same grit and determination to succeed. 
We have not relegated racism and white supremacy to the pages of history. Lynch mobs, arsonists, bomb makers, and lone gunmen. We must give hate no safe harbor. 
Los Estados Unidos es una idea que se ha fortalecido a través de las contribuciones únicas de la comunidad hispana. ¿Dónde estaríamos sin la juez Sonia Sotomayor, César Chávez, Dolores Huerta y otros que han mejorado nuestro mundo? 
America is an idea that has grown stronger through the unique contributions of Hispanic communities. Where would we be without Justice Sonia Sotomayor, César Chávez, Dolores Huerta and others who have changed our world for the better? 
A job is about a lot more than a paycheck. It's about dignity and respect.Proud to stand with to demand fair wages and benefits for their members. America's workers deserve better. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. And at the historic 16th Street Baptist church, there’s no more powerful reminder of what’s at stake. And no more poignant example of what is demanded of us in response. 
Today, we honor Addie Mae, Cynthia, Carole, Denise, and recommit to defeating the poisonous ideology of white supremacy that lit the fuse at the 16th Street Baptist Church. 
I’m speaking in Birmingham, Alabama, at the 16th St. Baptist Church memorial service. Join me in honoring those we lost: 
At 11:00 AM ET, I’ll be speaking at the 16th Street Baptist Church memorial service to commemorate the lives we lost 56 years ago. Join me in honoring Addie Mae, Cynthia, Carole, and Denise: 
Gun violence tragedies are not inevitable. Together, we can end this epidemic.
So great to visit the Ernest S. Sterling Student Life Center at Texas Southern University. Thanks for letting me join you for lunch. Go Tigers! 
Tomorrow, I’ll be in Birmingham, Alabama, to remember the lives we lost 56 years ago in the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing. Join me in honoring Addie Mae, Cynthia, Carole, and Denise at 11:00 AM ET. 
Obamacare fue un gran avance: proporcionó protecciones a más de 100 millones de estadounidenses con afecciones preexistentes. No podemos parar allí. Como presidente protegeré y expandiré Obamacare para garantizar que todos tengamos acceso a atención médica asequible y de calidad.
Obamacare was a huge step forward—providing protections to over 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions. We can’t stop there. As president, I’ll protect ; build on Obamacare to ensure every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care.
My North Star as president will be rebuilding the backbone of this country — the middle class. And this time, we'll make sure everyone comes along.
Debemos hacer todo lo que esté a nuestro alcance para abordar la emergencia climática. Como presidente, trabajaré para convertirnos en una economía de energía limpia con emisiones netas cero para el 2050. Volveremos a liderar el mundo en la lucha contra el cambio climático.
We must do everything in our power to address the climate emergency. As president, I’ll put America on course to become a 100% clean energy economy with net-zero emissions by 2050. We will lead the world in the fight against climate change once again. 
I’m running for president because we are in a battle for the soul of this nation. It’s time for us to pick our heads up and remember who we are — this is the United States of America. There’s not a single thing we can’t do.
25 years ago this week, Senator Feinstein and I led the charge to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. We beat the and got it done.As president, I’ll do it once again. We will get these military-style weapons off our streets. 
25 years ago, the Violence Against Women Act was signed into law, forever changing the culture around sexual assault and domestic violence in our nation. It's one of my proudest accomplishments.There's still more work to be done—and it's on all of us to finish the job.  
I’ve learned that the way you deal with loss is by finding purpose — purpose in what you do.  
"Nothing about VAWA was easy or uncontroversial. It took four years from when I first introduced the bill in 1990 until it passed."Read my full op-ed on the 25th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act:
At last night’s  I discussed my vision for the country and how I'll deliver tangible progress on the most pressing issues facing working families.I refuse to postpone American possibilities any longer. There’s enormous opportunity once we get rid of Donald Trump. 
I just stepped off the  stage, where I laid out why I’m the only candidate who can take big progressive policies and create tangible results for working families.If you liked what you heard, help us keep this momentum going by pitching in: 
That’s all we have for tonight, folks! Thanks for following along. Make sure to follow to stay up-to-date on what’s happening on the campaign. 
We need a president who can deliver progress on the most pressing issues facing Americans. Joe Biden will be that president. 
There was only one candidate onstage who has the experience—from Scranton, PA, to the White House—to hit the ground running as President. And that candidate is Joe Biden. 
There was only one candidate onstage who helped create—and then signed—a Pledge for Election Integrity, promising to use no disinformation or tolerate outside interference in the election or our democracy. 
There was only one candidate onstage who stood at President Obama’s side to lead a nation out of a recession and put middle-class Americans back to work. 
There was only one candidate onstage who has flipped a Senator's vote to help pass once-in-a-century health care reform. 
Ten candidates took the stage tonight. But there was only one candidate onstage who has defeated the NRA twice and passed an assault weapons ban. 
The American people know Joe Biden.  
It could take 10 years before we get to Medicare for All. We can't wait — people need help now and hope now.  
K-12 education isn’t enough. Many parents don’t have access to early educational resources for their kids. A Biden administration will provide Universal Pre-K, to help ensure that no child’s future is determined by their zip code, parents’ income, race, or disability. 
We must invest in resources that support our students' physical and emotional health. A Biden administration will double the number of psychologists, counselors, nurses, social workers, and other health professionals in our schools.  
There will be no better advocates in the White House for our students and educators than Joe and Jill Biden.Read our full plan for educators, students, and our future:  
Throughout his career, Joe Biden has:Fought redlining.Fought school lines drawn to keep races ; classes separate.Fought to put public housing in white neighborhoods.Fought for more resources to prosecute hate crimes.
It’s important to have a plan that meets the urgency of this climate crisis. But it’s going to take more than plans—it’s going to take leadership. Biden has the relationships with key foreign leaders and the experience to get this done. 
Joe Biden knows how to rally the world to meet the climate crisis because he’s done it before. Biden worked alongside President Obama to get the world—including China—to agree to the Paris Accord; and he will be prepared on day one of his presidency to push beyond those goals.
It's past time to end the war in Afghanistan. Joe Biden has long believed that we should narrow our focus to counter-terrorism operations. We can't keep spending tens of billions of dollars every year to sustain a stalemate. 
If we don't write the rules to protect American labor and the environment, China will—and not in a way that advances our values. When it comes to trade, we've got to work with allies—not against them. 
For a socialist, Senator Sanders has a lot of confidence in corporate America.  
The Obama-Biden Administration did NOT prosecute asylum seekers, or those coming here in search of opportunity. 
The Obama-Biden Administration did NOT terrorize families and indiscriminately target people who had lived here for years. 
The Obama-Biden Administration did not conduct workplace raids—in fact, it ended them. 
Attempts to compare President Trump and President Obama on immigration are far-fetched. 
Time and again, we’ve seen communities ripped apart by America’s gun violence epidemic. Enough is enough. It needs to end. As president, Biden will tackle this public health crisis.  
After people serve their time, they should have an opportunity to earn a good life and contribute to our country.Joe’s plan will help give treatment, job training and education opportunities to people both during and after incarceration.  
We are tearing communities apart through mass incarceration. That's why the Biden administration would reform the criminal justice system by:✅ Reducing our prison population✅ Eliminating racial disparities✅ Making our communities saferLearn more: 
There’s enormous opportunity once we get rid of Donald Trump.  
Senator Sanders' Medicare for All plan would require raising taxes on the middle class.Joe Biden:"There will be a deductible—in your paycheck."
Senator Sanders thinks corporations will give the money they would have spent on health care back to their workers.  Biden: 
"I know the Senator said she's for Bernie. I'm for Barack." 
90% of Democrats support protecting and building on Obamacare with a public option like Medicare.  
Senators Sanders and Warren would put an end to the employer-sponsored and union-negotiated plans that more than 100 million Americans currently have.That's a non-starter for us.
Let’s get the facts straight: Medicare for All will cost 30x more than Joe Biden’s health care plan—and it will be paid for in part by raising taxes on the middle class.  
Hey everyone — here! We’re taking over to keep you updated on all the things happening at tonight’s  Make sure to follow along and cheer on Joe! 
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED: Donald Trump and the Republicans have been building up their 2020 campaign since 2016. We’re relying on grassroots supporters like you to make sure we can compete.We need just 68 more people to tell us tonight: will you support Joe Biden over Donald Trump?
RESPONSE NEEDED: Donald Trump may make cuts to Medicare if he is re-elected in 2020, costing many older Americans and individuals with disabilities access to health care.We need 82 more people to join Joe in protecting and strengthening Medicare. Will you sign our petition now?
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED: Donald Trump and the Republicans have been building up their 2020 campaign since 2016. We’re relying on grassroots supporters like you to make sure we can compete.We need just 68 more people to tell us tonight: will you support Joe Biden over Donald Trump?
RESPONSE NEEDED: Donald Trump may make cuts to Medicare if he is re-elected in 2020, costing many older Americans and individuals with disabilities access to health care.We need 82 more people to join Joe in protecting and strengthening Medicare. Will you sign our petition now?
Ready.  
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED: Donald Trump and the Republicans have been building up their 2020 campaign since 2016. We’re relying on grassroots supporters like you to make sure we can compete. We need just 68 more people to tell us tonight: will you support Joe Biden over Donald Trump?
Helplessly watching your child deal with a life or death condition is one of the worst things a parent can go through. Jill and I are so glad to hear Sadie is doing well, and our prayers are with your family as she recovers. 
President Trump’s decision to take billions from the military to build his wall is an unabashed abuse of power. It endangers the American people and forfeits investments in our future, security, and children — all to score political points. 
The Trump Administration is denying Temporary Protected Status to Bahamians escaping the devastation of Hurricane Dorian. It’s heartless and goes against everything we stand for as a nation.The cruelty of this administration truly knows no bounds. 
Barack Obama was a great president. We don’t say that enough. 
Beth James is strong, courageous, and resilient. Her story is the story of millions of women all across this country. It’s why I worked so hard to pass the Violence Against Women Act — and it’s why I’m committed to changing the toxic culture that still pervades our society today. 
All workers deserve the right to bargain for good wages, benefits and working conditions—including gig workers. That is why I'm pleased the CA Legislature passed AB5. As president, I will enact a federal law to ensure gig workers get the full protections they deserve.
Climate change doesn’t only threaten our environment — it threatens our economy, health, and national security. We must take urgent action to address this crisis before it’s too late. 
Each 9/11, we remember that resilience and courage live in the hearts of all Americans—especially our brave first responders. 18 years later, we reaffirm that Americans will never bend to terrorism, and we will never forget those we lost.
La fuerza de los Estados Unidos está y siempre ha estado arraigada en nuestra diversidad. Los inmigrantes siempre nos han hecho más fuertes. Donald Trump no entiende eso.
America’s strength is and has always been rooted in our diversity. Immigrants have always made us stronger. Donald Trump doesn’t get that.
Puerto Rico aún se está recuperando de la devastación del huracán María. Ahora, en lugar de apoyar la reconstrucción, Trump está desviando $400 millones de dólares para su construir su muro que estaban planificados para proyectos militares en Puerto Rico. Es inaceptable.
Puerto Rico is still rebuilding from the devastation of Hurricane Maria. Now, instead of supporting the recovery, President Trump is defunding $400 million in planned military projects in Puerto Rico to build his wall. It's unacceptable.
JoAnne, the good news is the bad news: you won the contest, and you're coming to Houston with me. Grateful for JoAnne's support and that of our incredible supporters. 
South Carolina lawmakers are rushing through an extreme law that is a direct violation of a woman’s constitutional right to choose. It’s wrong, it’s dangerous, and we must fight it. This decision should remain between a woman and her doctor. 
20 million people gained coverage under Obamacare. But after countless attacks on the law by the Trump Administration, the uninsured rate increased for the first time since 2010 — leaving an additional 1.9 million people uninsured.As president, I'll defend and build on the ACA. 
There is no distinction between mental health and physical health — it’s health. On  we must recommit to eliminating the stigma around mental health and ensuring everyone has access to the care they need.
It’s Election Day in  — grab a friend and get out and vote for Polls are open until 7:30 PM, and you can find your polling place here: 
I support because of his honorable service to our nation ; because of his values: he'll fight to protect North Carolinian’s health care ; take on prescription drug companies.If his opponent has his way, 44,000 people in  stand to lose their health coverage.
We’ve got to choose science over fantasy — and that starts with getting rid of this administration. 
Every American deserves to retire with dignity. But today, too many people — especially older Americans — cannot afford their prescription drugs. I sat down with AARP to discuss how I’ll stand up to the abuse of power by drug corporations and lower costs for Americans. 
I’m still fired up from the incredible energy at the  convention. Thank you to everyone from who came out to show your support! 
Hurricane Dorian devastated the Bahamas, leaving nearly 70,000 people homeless. It’s our moral responsibility to do everything we can to help Bahamians — not turn them away.This isn’t who we are. 
With Congress back in session, passing gun safety legislation should be the first order of business. It’s past time for Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans to stand up to the and take concrete action to end our gun violence epidemic. 
Young Americans are especially worried about climate change and know it is not just a domestic priority — it's a foreign policy one. I agree. And I'm ready to tackle this on day one.  
I’m inspired by John and grateful for his support. My message to him is clear: never give up and never let it define you. 
Mexico isn’t paying for the wall.American military families are. China isn’t paying for the tariffs.American farmers and manufacturers are. The American people continue to foot the bill for President Trump’s senseless political games.
The deadliest mass shootings all have one thing in common: assault weapons.It’s past time we get these weapons of war off our streets. I’ve banned them before, and I’ll ban them again in the White House. 
As president, I’ll invest in our K-12 schools to eliminate the funding gap between majority white and non-white districts, and rich and poor districts. No child’s future should be determined by their zip code, parents’ income, or race. 
Everybody knows who Donald Trump is. We have to let them know who we are. We choose hope over fear.Unity over division.Science over fiction.And truth over lies.  
Obamacare prohibits insurers from denying coverage for the 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions.President Trump wants to gut the ACA and tear that protection away. We can’t forget that.
It's time we reward work, not just wealth. 
The energy outside of the  convention was incredible! 
Stopped by to say hello to before this morning’s  convention. Thank you for all your hard work! Keep it going! 
Thank you to everyone who joined us in Laconia and New Castle. As I discussed this evening, we’ve got to do everything in our power to end this gun violence epidemic. That starts with passing universal background checks and banning assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. 
Las políticas de inmigración del presidente Trump son un asalto a la dignidad humana y todo lo que representamos como nación. Por esto hay que acabar con ellas. 
President Trump’s immigration policies are an assault on human dignity and everything we stand for as a nation. We must end them. 
This is the United States of America. There is not a single thing we have not been able to accomplish once we set our minds to it.Together, we can and will meet the challenge of this climate emergency. 
The Iran Deal put Iran's nuclear program in a box. Trump walked away from the deal, and now Iran is advancing its program. This is another reminder that Trump's manufactured crisis is making the U.S., the region, and our world less safe. 
The fight against cancer is personal for me — like it is for so many Americans. It’s why I’m committed to ending cancer as we know it. 
America has stood as a beacon of hope for generations. Now, President Trump wants to slam the door in the face of those fleeing persecution. It's cruel and damages our global standing.I'll ensure we meet our responsibility as a nation to the world's most vulnerable people. 
We all have a responsibility to stand up and speak out when we see abuse of power. Silence is complicity. 
President Trump stokes the flames of hatred, coddles white nationalists with messages of support, and preys on our deepest divisions. If we give him four more years in the White House, he will forever alter the character of our nation.We can’t let that happen.
I always enjoy sitting down to chat with my friend Check out a few of my favorite moments from the interview. 
President Trump is dead wrong on climate change. We’ve got to choose science over fantasy and treat it like the existential threat that it is.As president, I would rally the world to take unprecedented action. There would be no empty chair at the G-7. 
Hace dos años, el presidente Trump intentó terminar con DACA, obligando a nuestros DREAMers a vivir con miedo y caos. Es cruel.Los soñadores son estadounidenses. Es hora de que el Congreso cumpla con nuestra promesa y les proporcione un camino hacia la ciudadanía.
Two years ago, President Trump attempted to end DACA—throwing lives into chaos ; forcing our DREAMers to live in fear as the Supreme Court decides their fate. It's cruel. DREAMers are Americans. It's time for Congress to keep our promise to them ; provide a path to citizenship.
Despite what the says, the assault weapons ban that and I championed worked. It saved lives. I’ll ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines once again. We will get these weapons of war off our streets. 
Last night, asked me what the defining factor was in my decision to run for president. My answer was clear: Charlottesville. 
Thanks for having me on, 
It’s critical to have a plan to combat climate change, but it’s going to take more than plans — it’s going to take leadership. I have the experience and relationships necessary to rally the world to meet the urgency of this climate crisis.  
That’s all we have for tonight’s CNN  Make sure to follow to stay up-to-date on everything happening on the campaign.
Joe Biden grounded his plan in the science — in what the world’s leading climatologists and the UN tells us we need to achieve. It provides a comprehensive path forward on how to address the most pressing issue of our time. 
Under Joe Biden’s plan for a clean energy revolution and environmental justice, we will: ✅ Achieve a 100% clean energy economy and net-zero emissions by 2050✅ Rejoin the  on day one and rally the world to go further✅ Stand up to polluters 
President Trump continues to:🔴 Deny the science in front of his own eyes🔴 Attack the progress made by the Obama-Biden Administration🔴 Spew lies like “windmills cause cancer”Defeating him is essential to making any progress on climate change. 
Climate change is an urgent threat to our environment, health, economy, and national security. There’s no time for on-the-job training. We need a leader who is ready on day one — and that’s Joe Biden. 
The clean energy economy of the future presents an enormous opportunity. President Biden will create 10 million well-paying jobs in the United States that will grow a stronger, more inclusive middle class in communities across the country. 
The Green New Deal is a crucial framework for meeting the climate challenges we face. It powerfully captures two core truths:1️⃣ This is an existential crisis requiring immediate, ambitious action.2️⃣ Our environment and economy are connected.
If Joe Biden was president, there would be no empty chair at the G-7. 
We can't turn a blind eye to the way in which environmental burdens are distributed unevenly along racial and socioeconomic lines.Biden will right these wrongs and stand up to fossil fuel companies  who disproportionately harm communities of color and low-income communities.
Here’s the deal: Joe Biden introduced one of the first climate change bills in the Senate, and he’s been at the forefront of the fight ever since.Don’t just take our word for it, called Joe Biden a climate change pioneer. 
On day one as president, Joe Biden will take action to put the United States on track to achieve a 100% clean energy economy and net-zero emissions no later than 2050Because action on climate change can’t wait.  
Hey everyone — here! We’re taking over for tonight’s CNN  We’ll keep you updated as Joe Biden takes the stage to discuss his plans to combat climate change.
Tune in to the tonight at 11:35 PM ET! 
For too long, partisan gerrymandering has allowed politicians to rig the political process and draw districts in their favor. Voters should choose their representatives — not the other way around. 
Looking forward to talking with about what’s at stake in this election and why I’m running for president. Tune in to the tonight! 
President Trump promised Mexico would pay for his border wall. That was never going to happen. And now he’s raiding billions from our military to pay for it. 
Four years of Betsy DeVos is more than enough.As president, I’ll name a Secretary of Education who is actually an educator.
If those in power fail to take action on gun safety reform we must vote them out. Period.
This is an important step by Walmart, but we must go further. If we want to end our gun violence epidemic, we must start by passing universal background checks and banning assault weapons and high-capacity magazines.It's your turn to act, Senate Republicans. 
As I told Pauline yesterday in Iowa, if there are any angels in heaven, they are all nurses. 
In America, health care should be a right for all — not a privilege for the few. My plan to protect and build on Obamacare will expand coverage, lower costs, and ensure every American receives the care they need. 
I've always stood with America's unions, and as president, I'll fight alongside them to protect and strengthen the right to organize and collectively bargain. 
The 40-hour workweekMinimum wageOvertime payThey’re all because of unions. It’s time we recognize that.
Stopped for some Dairy Queen Blizzards with the team between events in Iowa. 
Stopped by the Hawkeye Area Labor Council Labor Day Picnic to thank folks for their tireless work fighting for American workers. From fair wages to safe working conditions — we owe our unions so much. 
What a great few days in South Carolina. I’ll be back soon! 
Say thank you—because these are the people who make America run. Not the Wall Street bankers. Not the CEOs or hedge fund managers. Ordinary people doing extraordinary things.
Say thank you to the people who build our roads and bridges. Keep our water systems working. Teach our kids and take care of the sick among us. Race into our burning buildings. Grow our food, build our cars, and pick up the garbage off our streets.
This Labor Day, when you cross paths with someone working a job that makes your day-to-day life better—and I promise you, it will happen many times today—tell them "thank you." Tell them you appreciate the work that they do. That it matters to you, and to your community.
This Labor Day, we celebrate the battles waged and victories won by organized labor. Unions built the great American middle class, and it’s time we recognize that.I promise you if I’m elected president, unions will have no stronger champion in the White House. 
Together, we will beat the We will end this gun violence epidemic.
It has been 186 days since the House passed the bipartisan universal background check bill.  Mitch McConnell and the Senate should pass it immediately. Lives are at stake.
Les Gelb was a giant of American foreign policy, and several generations of thinkers and policy makers owe their success to Les' mentorship and intellectual generosity. and I send our deepest condolences to Judy, Adam, Caroline, Alison and all his grandchildren.
Yesterday, a 17-month-old was shot on our streets.  It’s past time we take on the pass gun safety reform, and end this epidemic once and for all. We simply cannot go on like this. 
I’m heartbroken, sickened, ; angry. Weeks after the horror in El Paso, another community in Texas has been terrorized by gun violence. Enough. We must end this epidemic ; I send our thoughts to those affected ; thank our law enforcement who responded at great risk.
Obamacare covered 20 million additional Americans, protects over 100 million with pre-existing conditions, and allows young adults to stay on their parents’ coverage until age 26.We can’t afford to tear it down and start over. We should protect and build on it.
On Thursday, 10-year-old Marcus asked me an important question about President Trump. 
Like all bullies, President Trump is trying to make himself seem stronger by picking on the most vulnerable among us — but I would have thought even he would understand that kids with cancer were off-limits. He is morally unfit to lead this country.
 Thanks for the recommendation, I’d love to try it next time I’m in Decorah.
I’m grateful for the sacrifice Tom made in service to our country. We owe our veterans more than we could ever repay — and it’s our sacred obligation to care for them and their families when they return home. 
 and I are thinking of everyone in the path of Hurricane Dorian. Please heed the warnings from authorities, take steps to prepare, and stay safe. 
Our cash bail system disproportionately harms low-income folks and criminalizes poverty. It’s wrong. It’s time we end cash bail and reform our pretrial system by instead putting in place a system that is fair and does not inject further discrimination or bias into the process. 
I am deeply disappointed that Regal Beloit chose to close its doors and lay off over 150 workers instead of finding a resolution with the Every worker deserves good wages, affordable health care, and strong workplace protections.
Had a great town hall in Greenville yesterday where we discussed our plans increase mental health services in schools ; ensure educators are receiving the pay they deserve. Thank you for a great trip, South Carolina! 
I’m looking forward to taking the stage in Houston on September 12th for the next Democratic debate! Folks across the country are coming together and hosting parties in their communities to watch the debate. Sign up to host one in your town: 
I can’t believe I have to say this: We should not deport children seeking treatment in the U.S. for life-threatening illnesses. 
Esta no es solo una campaña para vencer a Donald Trump - es un movimiento basado en los valores que definen nuestra nación: la honestidad, la decencia, y el tratar a todos con dignidad y respeto, mientras le damos la espalda al odio. Eso es lo que somos como estadounidenses.
This can’t just be a campaign to beat Donald Trump. This has to be a movement grounded in the values and ideals that define our nation best: honesty, decency, treating everyone with dignity and respect, and giving hate no safe harbor.That’s who we are as Americans.
Como tantos otros han dicho, la crueldad es su meta. Es su única meta, y es lo único que tienen para postularse: el miedo, la ira, la división y la crueldad. Debemos restaurar el alma de nuestra nación.
No hay justificación para traumatizar aún más a los niños enfermos en sus momentos más vulnerables. Como todo abusón, Trump está acosando a los más débiles, pero atacar a niños con cáncer y fibrosis quística es intolerable.
No sabemos ya qué decir para condenar la inhumanidad de esta administración que arranca niños de los brazos de sus padres y acosa a las familias en sus vecindarios. Ahora deportará a niños que están recibiendo tratamientos de vida o muerte por afecciones graves.
President Trump has found his newest target — sick children. It's sinful. 
Grateful to everyone who attended our town hall at Clinton College. As I discussed this morning, we need to stand up to President Trump’s constant attacks on immigrants and end his inhumane policies. We’re stronger because of our diversity — not in spite of it. 
If we give Donald Trump four more years in the White House, the planet may never recover. 
Hello, Clinton College! 
It wasn't a setup, I swear. 
As so many others have said, cruelty is their point. It is their only point, and it’s all they have to run on: fear, anger, division, and cruelty. We must restore the soul of our nation.
There is no national security justification for further traumatizing sick kids at their most vulnerable. Like all bullies, Trump is purposefully targeting the little guys—but I would have thought even he would understand that kids with cancer and cystic fibrosis were off-limits.
We are running out of words to condemn the inhumanity of this administration. An administration that pulls children from the arms of their parents and stalks families in their neighborhoods will now deport children who are in life-saving treatment for dire conditions like cancer.
Our military families sacrifice everything in service to our nation. And today, the Trump Administration revoked automatic citizenship for some of their children. It's reprehensible and cruel. As president, I'll reverse it immediately. 
Wrapped up our day at Limestone College. I enjoyed hearing from students about the need to reform our criminal justice system and get assault weapons off our streets. I know with these young folks at the helm, America's best days still lie ahead. 
 ran a strong, courageous campaign. From championing gender equality to fighting dark money in politics—Senator Gillibrand is always willing to take on the tough fights we face. I know the senator will ensure these issues stay at the center of the national debate. 
56 years ago, the March on Washington and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s “I Have a Dream” speech changed the course of history. As we mark the anniversary, we must reaffirm our commitment to fulfilling America's founding promise. We can't rest until justice truly rings out for all. 
Was on the hunt for doughnuts in Spartanburg. Mission accomplished. 
64 years ago, 14-year-old Emmett Till was brutally murdered in Mississippi. His death sparked national outrage and served as a catalyst for the Civil Rights Movement. It serves as a reminder of the need to reject intolerance in all its forms. We must give hate no safe harbor.
He honorably served our nation in uniform and in Congress, he would make his home proud every single day. I admire Dan and am thrilled to support him.
 is precisely the kind of leader that North Carolina deserves: one who'll put country over party, who's brought jobs to his community, and who will protect coverage for those with preexisting conditions — not dismantle it to cut taxes for the rich.
Thank you to everyone who came out to our town hall in Spartanburg, South Carolina! As I shared this afternoon, we need to repeal President Trump’s tax cuts for the super-wealthy, make college more affordable, and rebuild America’s middle class. 
What kind of leader taunts their own people as they prepare for a natural disaster? Puerto Rico deserves the full support and aid of our government as Hurricane Dorian approaches. 
I stood before the nation 11 years ago tonight in Denver and accepted the Democratic Party’s nomination for vice president. I’m still humbled by the immense trust and faith you placed in President Obama and me.It’s an evening I’ll never forget. 
President Trump is taking millions from FEMA disaster relief in the midst of hurricane season to further fuel the crisis at the border.It makes about as much sense as nuking hurricanes.
Roe v. Wade is settled law. State laws attacking a woman’s right to choose should be declared unconstitutional. This decision should remain between a woman and her doctor.
Kayden, 2Kristina, 16Jashon, 16Kennedi, 3Charnija, 11Myiesha, 16Derrel, 15Eddie, 10Xavier, 7Jason, 16Jurnee, 8Sentonio, 15 12 children, full of so much promise, taken far too soon. It's heartbreaking. Our inaction is a moral failure. 
As I told folks in Croydon, New Hampshire, we’ve got to unite this country. Because if we come together and remember who we are as Americans, there’s not a single thing we can’t do. 
The Trump Administration continues to attack the progress the LGBTQ community has made. As president, passing the Equality Act will be a top legislative priority, because no one should be fired simply because of who they are or whom they love.
American factory workers, farmers, and consumers are the ones paying the price for President Trump’s reckless trade wars—not China. To Trump, the people getting hurt—like those laid off last week in South Carolina—are just pawns in his political games. 
Today, we're launching  a nationwide program for change-makers committed to organizing their campuses and making Donald Trump a one-term president.If that sounds like you, join today and let's get to work:  
When it comes to meeting the existential crisis of our time, Trump has walked away from the table — literally. If we give Trump four more years, the planet may never recover from his utter disregard for the climate crisis and scientific fact.
The distance Trump has put between the U.S. and the rest of the world on the issues that matter most to Americans couldn't be more clear. There is no more telling metaphor for this administration's abdication of American leadership than the empty chair at the G-7 climate meeting.
After three days, we have even more evidence of how President Trump's disastrous foreign policy has left the U.S. isolated. Rather than looking to America for vision, our closest democratic allies sought to manage and mitigate the damage Trump might do at this year's G-7.
This ad wasn’t easy for me to record.Health care is personal to me. Deeply personal. 
The fact of the matter is, the greed of drug companies fueled an opioid epidemic that has ravaged communities in every corner of the country. They should be held accountable for their actions, and this is an important step. 
Happy  from Major and camera-shy Champ! 
The fires ravaging the Amazon are devastating. The Amazon serves as the lungs of our planet and is home to an invaluable number of plants and animals found nowhere else on Earth. We must take global action to stop the destruction and support reforestation before it’s too late. 
I’m grateful that Gene shared his story. The battle against cancer is personal for me, like it is for so many Americans. But I’m confident — with the power of America’s best minds — we will end cancer as we know it. 
America was built on a simple proposition: all men — and women — are created equal. We haven't lived up to that promise for most, but haven't stopped trying. As we celebrate the 19th Amendment and  we must continue our fight to truly achieve equality for all.
It’s simple—everyone has the right to live proud, open, and free. And as I said to Kevin and Michael—LGBTQ rights are civil rights. 
No one should have to choose between putting food on their table or filling their prescription. That’s why the Biden administration will stand up to prescription drug corporations and take concrete action to lower costs for Americans. Read more: 
Across the country, folks like Ryan are doing the crucial work of organizing their communities and talking with neighbors about what’s at stake in this election. I’m so proud to have him on our team. Sign up to get involved in your community:  
La emergencia climática que enfrentamos no solo afecta nuestro medio ambiente, sino que también amenaza nuestra salud, seguridad nacional y bienestar económico. Necesitamos tomar medidas urgentes y drásticas para abordarlo ya, lo que haré como presidente.
Today marks 25 years since the Senate passed a bill to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines—an effort I championed with Senator Feinstein The ban became law and it worked. It saved lives. As president, I will ban them once again. 
John lived his life bound by a timeless code — decency, respect, and civility above all else. This week, as we remember his life and service, let's honor his legacy by living out that code. I hope you'll join me and engage in  
A year ago, we lost a true patriot, a hero, and to me—a friend. John McCain's character, courage, and honor made him a giant among all of us. His deep, unshakeable belief in the soul of America and our values inspired us all and provided hope to the world. I miss him every day.
Highly recommend the grilled cheese and milkshakes at Lindy’s Diner. Thanks for a great send-off, New Hampshire! 
The climate emergency we’re facing not only impacts our environment — it also threatens our health, national security, and economic well-being. We need to take urgent, drastic action now to address it. That’s exactly what I will do as president. 
The people of Keene, New Hampshire, know that if we come together and remember who we are as Americans, there’s not a single thing we can’t do. Thank you to everyone who joined us this afternoon! 
I’m proud to stand in solidarity with workers who walked off the job last night. must respect workers' rights, negotiate in good faith, and work to secure a fair contract.
Had the opportunity to say hello to a few of the folks who couldn’t make it inside our Health Care Town Hall yesterday at Dartmouth College. I’ll make sure we get a bigger room next time! 
This election is not a joke. 
We have to remember who we are — this is the United States of America. There is not a single thing we cannot do if we do it together. 
Es hora de recordar quiénes somos. Somos estadounidenses: nos tratamos con dignidad, no dejamos a nadie atrás y no le damos cabida al odio.
It’s time to remember who we are. We are Americans: We treat each other with dignity, we leave nobody behind, and we give hate no safe harbor.
New Hampshire really is God’s country. Thank you for a great evening, Croydon! 
I had a great time talking with folks this week in Urbandale, Iowa. We’re in a battle for the soul of this nation, and coming together with our friends and neighbors is how we’re going to win this election. 
The U.S. stood with the Baltic States during the Soviet occupation—their flags always flew in D.C., affirming America's defense of democratic values. Today, we must stand with the people of Hong Kong ; ensure the U.S. remains a beacon of hope to people around the world.
30 years ago, 2 million people joined hands to form the Baltic Way—a chain of human determination that reached across Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania in defiance of Soviet oppression. It was—and remains—a powerful demonstration of the irrepressible desire for freedom.
Today, demonstrators in Hong Kong, inspired by the iconic Baltic Way protest, formed a human chain to demand China live up to its promises to the people of Hong Kong. They once more showed the world the common yearning for liberty that unites us all.
It was great to be back with folks at Dartmouth College today for our Health Care Town Hall.Health care is one of the biggest issues in this election. A Biden administration will ensure health care is a right not a privilege—and give everyone the peace of mind they deserve. 
A man whose erratic tweets send markets spiraling downward should not be sitting in the Oval Office. 
 brought a vital voice to this primary, advocating for the urgent need to undo President Trump’s damage abroad and restore American leadership on the world stage. His passion for and knowledge of American foreign policy are impressive and needed in Congress.
In America, every worker deserves fair treatment, safe workplaces, and the right to join a union. Period. The leaders I spoke with in Concord take up that fight for all of us every day. Thank you Local 490 for hosting us! 
 Liam might be too young to vote in 2020, but he’s still standing up and speaking out as a  volunteer—you can too! Fi…
President Trump continues to chip away at the progress made by the Obama-Biden Administration. This time, he’s going after the rules we put in place to decrease vehicle emissions. It's backwards. We need a president who believes in climate change. 
Everything workers have that define what it means to live a good life—the 40-hour workweek, paid leave, health care protections, a voice in your workplace safety. It’s all because of unions. It’s time we recognize that. 
We need to take action now to address our climate crisis.That starts with beating Donald Trump.
President Trump just doesn't get it — he claimed his tax cuts jolted the economy and spurred hiring. He was wrong.I’ll reverse his giveaway to the super-wealthy and invest in rebuilding America's middle class instead.
New Hampshire, I’m heading your way to talk about our bold vision for the future of the country and how we’ll get it done — together. Head to  to find an event in your community.
On Black Women's Equal Pay Day, we must recognize the cumulative discrimination black women face due to both their gender and color of their skin and renew our efforts to close the gender pay gap. When I say we have to rebuild the middle class—that means everyone comes along. 
Building a more inclusive middle class is at the heart of this presidential campaign. That's why I support and the Station Casino workers who voted to unionize. The will of the workers must be respected and management has to come to the negotiating table immediately.
Eleven years ago, I received a phone call from President Obama asking me to be his vice president. The decision to join him and serve this country was the greatest honor of my life. 
Firefighters face danger every day to protect our communities—we must be there for them in their time of need. Our thoughts are with the families of Justin and Brian as the search continues—and we thank those working tirelessly to bring their brothers home.
A Democratic president will need a Democratic Senate in 2021 to reverse the damage that has done to this country. Coloradans are fortunate to have in the race and continuing the fight. 
 brought an important voice to this race, arguing powerfully that climate change damages our health, national security ; economy. The people of Washington are fortunate to have a Governor who fights to make their lives better now ; to protect our planet for the future.
On day one, I will eliminate President Trump’s decision to limit asylum and undo his executive orders that eliminated Obama-Biden enforcement priorities on national security and public safety.
It is cruel and abhorrent to strip migrant children of the few protections they have. It's not enough this administration puts children in cages without soap and beds, now it wants to keep them there indefinitely. This isn't who we are. 
The super-wealthy don’t need another tax cut. Period. 
Today, I was glad to be back amongst friends at the convention. These folks are the ones who built the middle class, and we’re going to rebuild it together. 
President Trump is beholden to the I won’t be. 
Hope you had a great first day of school, Your students are incredibly lucky to have you as their professor. I can’t wait to hear how the day went. 
“Because he had learned about bullies first hand, he developed a deep sense of compassion and empathy for their targets, along with a lifelong commitment to stopping them.”My sister Valerie is my best friend. Read her full post here: 
Donald Trump inherited a growing economy from the Obama-Biden Administration — just like he inherited everything in his life.Now, he’s in the process of squandering it. 
Once again, President Trump has folded to the and broken his promise to pursue the most modest of gun safety policies.I give you my word as a Biden: I won’t rest until we pass universal background checks and ban assault weapons. We will end our gun violence epidemic. 
Mr. President, these comments are insulting and inexcusable—just like your previous dual loyalty insinuations. Stop dividing Americans and disparaging your fellow citizens. It may not be beneath you, but it is beneath the office you hold. 
It’s good to be back in Iowa! We kicked off our trip by discussing our bold vision for the future with some great folks in Warren County and Urbandale. Thank you to everyone who came out. 
The Trump Administration has argued that migrant children held in detention centers don’t need soap, toothbrushes, or beds. Now they’re refusing to provide flu vaccines after three children have already passed away in part from the flu.It is inhumane.
Our teachers and firefighters should not pay a higher tax rate than Wall Street CEOs. That’s why I’ll repeal President Trump’s tax cuts for the super-wealthy and close capital gains loopholes.It’s time we reward work, not just wealth.
We all know in our bones that this election is different. The stakes are higher. The threat is more serious. We have to beat Donald Trump.That’s the message we lay out in our first TV ad hitting the airwaves today. Watch it below: 
We will make Donald Trump a one-term president.
The Trump Administration’s Title X rule is a direct attack on Planned Parenthood and the crucial services the organization provides. Access to health care could be taken away from millions of women. It’s wrong, and as president I will reverse it. 
Extremism is on the rise in America, fueled by a president who has fanned the flames of division and emboldened white nationalists and Neo-Nazis with messages of support.This is a battle for the soul of our nation, and it's on all of us to act. 
It’s past time for a $15 minimum wage and a real pathway to the middle class, because no one in America should work 40 hours a week and live below the poverty level. No one.
99 years ago today, the 19th Amendment was ratified—enshrining in our Constitution that the right to vote cannot be denied based upon sex.Today, access to the ballot box is still out of reach for too many Americans—it’s up to every single one of us to break down the barriers.
Back in 2007, I had the opportunity to meet with Katie and talk with her about how to overcome a learning disability. Her story has stuck with me ever since. I'm glad we were able to catch up in Iowa, and I'm so proud to hear she has graduated from school. 
The truth is Obamacare was, and is, a big deal. It covered 20 million additional Americans and protects over 100 million people with pre-existing conditions.We can’t afford to tear it down. We should protect and build on it:  
Two-thirds of Americans agree that we should ban assault weapons. As president, I will take on the and get it done.
The Trump Administration is trying to eliminate protections for LGBTQ workers that President Obama and I put in place. It’s wrong.As president, I’ll ensure every American is treated with dignity and respect—regardless of who they are or who they love. 
We cannot afford four more years of a president who ignores the disastrous effects of climate change. My plan for a Clean Energy Revolution ; Environmental Justice will address the climate emergency ; protect our communities for generations to come.
My plan to protect and build on Obamacare will not only provide coverage for uninsured Americans, but it will also make health care more affordable for those who already have coverage.
A new school year is here—we must recognize those working to prepare our students to succeed in tomorrow’s economy: educators.As President, I will ensure our educators are supported with the pay and dignity they deserve. Read my plan here:  
Every single community should have access to clean, safe drinking water. 
Let’s be clear: racism and hate have no safe harbor in America. We are stronger because of our diversity—not in spite of it.
President Trump has lied to Iowa farmers at every turn. He promised to ‘unleash ethanol’ but instead all he’s done is secretly unleash Big Oil from its renewable fuel obligations.I'll support our farmers—not sell them out to the highest bidder.
Every day President Trump proves how morally unfit he is to sit in the Oval Office. A president should bring out our best as Americans — not echo schoolyard bullies with taunts based on physical appearance.
I look forward to joining and at their forum to discuss how we can take on the and end our gun violence epidemic. Together, we will get it done.
It was great meeting our previous contest winners, Kellie and her wife Amanda, after last month’s Democratic debate.Enter now for your chance to join us for the next debate in Houston:  
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. If we want to win, it’s going to take everyone stepping up, speaking out, and taking action.Text JOIN to 30330 and let’s get to work. 
A Biden administration will ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. We will get these military-style weapons off our streets.
Coal miners have powered our country from the Industrial Revolution to the 21st century. I'm proud to stand with the protesting miners. Blackjewel has an obligation to give its workers the pay and benefits they’ve earned. 
Since 1978, CEO compensation has risen 940%, while the average American has seen a raise of just 12%. It’s wrong. We need a $15 minimum wage, stronger labor laws, and a tax code that works for the middle class.It’s time we reward work, not just wealth. 
Gov. ran a strong campaign, talking about the urgent need to rebuild our middle class and standing up to President Trump's trade wars. Coloradans are lucky to have John in their corner, and I look forward to seeing what he does next.
I have always been a stalwart supporter of Israel—a vital partner that shares our democratic values. No democracy should deny entry to visitors based on the content of their ideas—even ideas they strongly object to. And no leader of the free world should encourage them to do so.
Before I was Vice President, before I was a Senator — I started my career as an elected official on the New Castle County Council. Local races matter. I'm proud to sign the pledge to support candidates up and down the ballot to invest in our party’s future.
Rep. Steve King should resign. His comments on rape and incest have no place in Congress and fuel a corrosive culture in this country around sexual assault.We deserve better from our elected officials. 
 and I send our prayers to the police officers injured today in Philadelphia, and to their families who wake up every day knowing that their loved ones are walking into harm's way when they put on the badge. We're grateful for the selfless work they do to keep us safe. 
America is an idea. An idea that for centuries has offered hope to the tired, the poor, and the huddled masses yearning to breathe free. We won’t let Donald Trump and his administration change that. 
Whether you are online, at a gun show, or in a store — you should have to pass a background check to buy a gun. Period. 
President Trump has emboldened white nationalists with messages of support, called Mexicans "rapists," and told members of Congress to "go back" to where they came from.The words of a president matter. And Trump has used his to unleash the deepest, darkest forces in our nation.
This is America, and we are strong and great because of our diversity — not in spite of it. Donald Trump doesn’t get that.Prioritizing wealthy immigrants while punishing working-class ones betrays the American idea that everyone gets a fair shot — regardless of background. 
I know what it takes to beat the because I’ve done it twice before. In the Senate, and I took on the gun lobby to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines and helped pass the Brady background check bill.As president, I’ll beat them once again. 
The brave protestors in Hong Kong are demanding the rights and freedoms promised to them. The U.S. should be leading the free world to rally support behind them and, with one voice, defend our shared democratic ideals and the desire for liberty that beats in every heart.
It’s unacceptable that children learn to fear mass shooters alongside their ABCs.It's unacceptable that people feel unsafe on their weekly grocery run.It's unacceptable that living in fear of gun violence has become our new normal.
Don’t tell Champ and Major. 
The vast majority of Americans want common-sense gun safety reform. We need leaders with the backbone to stand up to the and get it done. 
For decades, the Endangered Species Act has protected our most vulnerable wildlife from extinction. Now, President Trump wants to throw it all away. At a time when climate change is pushing our planet to the brink, we should strengthen protections — not weaken them. 
If we cannot rise to meet this moment, it won’t just be a political failure. It will be a moral one. It will mean that we accept the next inevitable tragedy.We cannot allow that to happen. We must end our gun violence epidemic. 
There used to be a basic bargain in this country that when you worked hard, you were able to share in the prosperity you helped create.That bargain is broken for American workers, and it's time we restore it. 
Two years after Charlottesville, we have a problem with this rising tide of white supremacy in America. And we have a president who encourages and emboldens it. But if we stand together in opposing it, we will win the battle for the soul of this nation. 
As president, I will do everything in my power to stop America’s gun violence epidemic by passing common-sense gun reform. Lives depend on it.
 and I wish everyone celebrating  hope, faith, and joy. Eid Mubarak!
In the Senate, and I led the successful effort to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. It worked. It saved lives.As president, I’ll take on the and ban military-style weapons once again.
We need universal background checks for gun sales. Period. I’ve beaten the twice, and I’ll do it again as president. It’s time for a leader who stands up to the powerful gun lobby.
The words of a president matter. Hateful rhetoric and white nationalism have no place in our nation. 
Thank you to and for hosting today’s  I said this afternoon, spread the faith. Talk with friends and neighbors about what's happening in America. Demand change. Because together, we can and will end our gun violence epidemic. 
Assault weapons don’t belong in our communities. Period. As president, I’ll ban these military-style weapons and institute a buyback program that gets as many as possible off our streets. 
July was the hottest month on Earth ever recorded — making it clearer than ever that climate change is already here and requires our urgent, drastic action.On day one, I’ll take the bold action necessary to tackle this crisis head-on. 
 “The vast majority of people including gun owners agree with us. Members of the NRA agree with us.” - reminds tha…
Now is not the time to cower in the face of the now is the time to stand up with courage and conviction and pass gun safety legislation. Lives depend on it.
There’s no better place than the Iowa State Fair to meet some new folks and stop for ice cream. Thank you to everyone who said hello! 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. But I know — with passionate folks like those at last night’s — we will win. 
Grateful for the hard work these folks put in every day on the ground in Iowa.  
We need gun safety reform ; leaders who will step up to get it done. Gov. Sununu instead has decided to stand with President Trump in putting the gun lobby over common-sense reforms that will keep Granite Staters safe.As president, I’ll take on the NRA ; win—again. 
Five years ago, Michael Brown's life was taken in Ferguson. His death stirred the conscience of our nation and awakened a generation of activists. We must ensure justice rings out for all in America — regardless of skin color.
At moments when we have been tested most, American presidents have stepped up.We don’t have that today. We have a president who has aligned himself with the darkest forces in this nation. And that makes winning the battle for the soul of this nation that much harder. 
Assault weapons and high-capacity magazines don’t belong on our streets.
 and I had a great afternoon at the Iowa State Fair where we talked with folks about our bold vision for the country. I stopped for some ice cream, too. 
In the Senate, I successfully took on the to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines — and helped pass the Brady background check bill. As president, I’ll do it again.Add your name to stand with me:  
Guilty as charged 
 Iowa, let’s show the grassroots strength of  tomorrow—join us to cheer on before he takes the stage at the W…
This is who Donald Trump is: a president determined to terrorize immigrant communities and rip apart families — at the border and across our country.The question is, who are we? I believe we are a nation that will end these cruel policies and make Trump a one-term president. 
Along with Senator Feinstein, I got assault weapons and high-capacity magazines banned in this country for ten years. As president, I’ll make sure they’re banned once again. 
On a day when President Trump is supposed to be embracing a grieving community and celebrating our American diversity in El Paso, his administration is instead stoking fear by conducting massive immigration raids in Mississippi.He is morally unfit to lead this country. 
The doesn’t own this country. We the people own this country.
In both clear language and in code, President Trump has fanned the flames of white supremacy in this nation. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. It’s why I’m running for president. 
We are almost 330 million Americans who have to do what our president can’t. Stand together. Stand against hate. Stand up for what—at our best—this nation believes. 
We are almost 330 million Americans who have to do what our president can’t. Stand together. Stand against hate. Stand up for what—at our best—this nation believes.If we stand together, we will win the battle for the soul of this nation.
So it’s up to us. We’re living through a rare moment in this nation’s history. Where our president isn’t up to the moment. Where our president lacks the moral authority to lead. Where our president has more in common with George Wallace than George Washington.
Trump offers no moral leadership, no interest in unifying the nation, and no evidence the presidency has awakened his conscience in the least.Instead, we have a president with a toxic tongue who has unapologetically embraced a political strategy of hate, racism, and division.
At moments when we have been tested most, American presidents have stepped up. They led, opposed hate, and chose to fight for the best of the American character.We don’t have that today. Our president has aligned himself with the darkest forces in this nation.
The honest truth is both elements are part of the American character. At our best, the American ideal wins out. But it’s never a rout. It’s always a fight. And the battle is never finished.
I wish I could say this hate began with Trump and will end with him. It didn’t ; it won’t.The battle for the soul of this nation has been a constant push-and-pull between the American ideal that we are all created equal ; the harsh reality that racism has long torn us apart.
In both clear language and in code, this president has fanned the flames of white supremacy in this nation.
How far is it from the white supremacists and Neo-Nazis in Charlottesville – Trump’s “very fine people” – chanting “You will not replace us” to the shooter at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh saying Jews “were committing genocide to his people.”Not far at all.
How far is it from Trump’s saying this “is an invasion” to the shooter in El Paso declaring “this attack is a response to the Hispanic invasion of Texas”?Not far at all.
I said at the time that we were in a battle for the soul of this nation. I said it again when I announced. It’s why I’m running for president.
When he said after Charlottesville that there were “very fine people on both sides” he gave license and safe harbor for hate to white supremacists, Neo-Nazis, and the KKK.Those words stunned the nation and shocked the world.
The words of a president matter. They can move markets. They can send our brave men and women to war. They can bring peace.And they can unleash the deepest, darkest forces in this nation — like Donald Trump has chosen to do.
WATCH LIVE: Joe Biden Speaks in Burlington, Iowa 
A president is supposed to unite our nation and lift us up. Not prey on our divisions and tear us down. 
Yesterday, and I had the opportunity to thank a few firefighters for their dedication to keeping Idaho safe.I’ve witnessed the heroism of first responders—they rush into the face of danger every single day to save complete strangers. They are the best of America. 
Toni Morrison had an incredible ability to translate the everyday experience of African Americans into written word. Her writing had the power to open minds, shift political discourse, and shape the views of generations. She will be sorely missed. 
Fred, your strength and resilience in the face of unspeakable tragedy continues to inspire me and so many others. I carry Jaime’s memory with me every day as we continue our efforts to end America’s gun violence epidemic. 
But our job is not done. The  has been gutted by the Supreme Court ; voting rights are under siege across the country.As president, I will restore the VRA, stand up to attacks on the right to vote, ; renew our efforts to ensure every American’s voice is equal.
The fight for civil rights is one of the things that got me engaged in politics. And when I was ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, we successfully extended the  for 25 years.
54 years ago, the  brought our nation closer to living up to our founding ideals of equality, equity, and fairness for all. 
We can’t fix a problem if we refuse to name the problem. This is white nationalism. This is white supremacy. This is about hate.Mr. President, it’s long past time you stood up to it. 
 Too many lives are taken every day in America due to gun violence—we must take action. We need need a leader with the courage…
Thoughts and prayers won’t solve our broken gun laws. We need politicians with the courage to stand up to the powerful gun lobby and tell them that they don’t own this country.I’ve beaten the twice, and I’ll do it again in the White House.
Honesty, decency, hope, leaving nobody behind, giving hate no safe harbor. That’s who we are. But I don't see much of that coming from this administration. 
As we watched in horror at the events in El Paso and Dayton, Chicago suffered its most violent weekend of 2019.We cannot go on like this. We must muster up the courage to take on the pass common-sense reform, and end our gun violence epidemic. 
Let's be very clear. You use the office of the presidency to encourage and embolden white supremacy. You use words like "infestation" and "invasion" to talk about human beings. We won't truly speak with one voice against hatred until your voice is no longer in the White House. 
Mr. President, immigration isn’t the problem. White nationalism is the problem. America’s inaction on gun safety legislation is the problem.It’s time to put the politics aside and pass universal background checks and an assault weapons ban. Lives depend on it. 
Enough is enough. As a nation, we need to take common-sense steps to end this epidemic of gun violence Mitch McConnell should reconvene the Senate and pass the House’s universal background check bill. We cannot wait to take action. 
We can’t fix a problem if we refuse to name it: white nationalism. An ideology emboldened by a president who stokes the flames of hatred and coddles white supremacists with messages of support.We must do what Trump won't: condemn this evil and eradicate it from our society.
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. And in this moment, we all have a responsibility to declare with conviction that hatred and bigotry and white supremacy have no place in America. We will give hate no safe harbor.
We have to address what’s happening in America. We continue to bear witness to acts of terror carried out with a common thread: hatred of “the other.” We saw it in Charlottesville two years ago, at synagogues in Pittsburgh and Poway, and now in El Paso.
Assault weapons and high-capacity magazines don’t belong on our streets. We must stand up to the and gun manufacturers—they don’t own this country. We the people own this country.
At least 29 lives stolen, families broken, communities shattered in El Paso and Dayton within 13 hours. Dozens more wounded. Between those two mass shootings, dozens more were killed and injured by gun violence that didn't make national headlines.
Heartbroken to hear the news from El Paso. Our thoughts are with those impacted by yet another senseless act of gun violence in America.How many lives must be cut short? How many communities must be torn apart? It’s past time we take action and end our gun violence epidemic.
It’s clear that climate change is already here. Today. And we need to take urgent action to address it.That starts with beating Donald Trump. 
In the last three years, President Trump has turned our world upside down internationally and economically. People are hurting. The soul of our country is collapsing because of his presidency.We have to be honest, straight forward, and authentic about what we will do to fix it.
America must defend the values that unite us—we must lead the Free World. As president, I will remind the world who we are. The United States does not coddle dictators. The United States stands up for democracy.
Donald Trump is echoing his authoritarian heroes, again—this time using China's anti-democracy talking points to describe the peaceful protests in Hong Kong as "riots." It's shameful.When people suffering under oppression look to the U.S. for hope, Trump has nothing to offer.
Yet more proof that Trump doesn’t care about the farmers, workers, and consumers that are being crushed by his irresponsible tariff war with China. It’s easy to act tough when someone else is feeling the pain.I will reverse his senseless policies.
There is nothing moderate about what President Obama did with Obamacare. Nothing. Seven presidents tried to expand access to health care — the Obama-Biden Administration finally got it done. 
I was surprised at all of the attacks on President Obama's record at the  The Obama-Biden Administration passed Obamacare, lead the world on combating climate change, and saved our economy from the brink of disaster.He was a great president. We don’t say that enough.
We are a nation of immigrants — that’s why we’re so special.  
The U.S. has a responsibility to extend Temporary Protected Status to Venezuelans fleeing desperate circumstances—violence, oppression, starvation. The House passed a bipartisan bill to take action, now Mitch McConnell must bring it up for a vote. 
Wrapped up our time in Detroit with a quick stop at Coney Island Restaurant for some lunch and great conversation with community members. 
 So grateful to have had our contest winner Kellie, and her wife Amanda, join us for last night’s  in Detroit! 
The criticism of Obamacare is a bunch of malarkey.  
The ACLU says that the Trump Administration has continued to rip children from their parents, even after courts ordered them to stop. It’s inhumane ; goes against everything we stand for as a nation of immigrants ; values.I’ll end these cruel policies.
 Last night on the debate stage, I shared my bold vision for the future of our country. Everyone knows who Donald Trump is. Le…
Last night on the debate stage, I shared my bold vision for the future of our country. Everyone knows who Donald Trump is. Let’s show them who we are.There’s nothing we can’t do — together.  
Mr. President — this is America. We are strong and great because of our diversity.  
Everybody knows who Donald Trump is. We have to let them know who we are.We choose science over fiction, hope over fear, and unity over division.  
I just got off the stage where I shared my bold vision for our future built on uniting our country. Because I know if we work together, there’s nothing we can’t do.Let's keep our momentum going. If you liked what you heard tonight, text JOE to 30330 and let's get to work. 
That’s all we have for tonight’s  for tuning in! Make sure to follow to keep up-to-date with everything happening on our campaign.
Debate Night  is in the books. 
We can protect our interests in Afghanistan, including the possibility of a terrorist threat re-emerging, without a large troop presence. That is what Joe Biden will do as president. 
Joe Biden has long believed that the US should narrow rather than broaden its military efforts in Afghanistan, and has for years advocated for ending the war responsibly. We can't keep spending tens of billions of dollars a year to sustain a stalemate.
Joe Biden believes that women have a constitutional right to choose. Roe v. Wade is the law of the land, and Biden will work to codify it. He’ll continue to fight for a woman’s right to make her own health care decisions with her doctor.
Finally, Joe Biden has been integral to some of the biggest child care tax credit wins in our history, including in the Recovery Act and the fiscal cliff deal.And as president, he'll expand the child care tax credit to up to $8,000 per family.
Here's the truth about Joe Biden's vote:He wasn't opposed to the child care tax credit itself. He was opposed to this specific tax credit being made available to affluent people.
This attack from Senator Gillibrand has been two weeks in the making, and it STILL isn’t accurate. Let's set the record straight:
Vice President Biden has fought for women's rights his whole career:✓Wrote the Violence Against Women Act✓Co-sponsored the Equal Rights Amendment 9 times✓Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act: 1st Obama-Biden bill signed into law ✓Co-sponsored the Pregnancy Discrimination Act
When it comes to trade, either we're going to write the rules of the road for the world or China is—and not in a way that advances our values. Meanwhile, this administration has launched trade wars against the very allies we need with us to change China’s behavior.
Biden will stand up to the abuse of power by polluters who disproportionately harm communities of color and low-income communities. He’ll work to ensure that communities across the country from Flint, MI to Harlan, KY to the NH Seacoast have access to clean, safe drinking water.
Joe Biden has received more than 100 endorsements from community leaders around the country, including Detroit's own 
In 2009, the Obama-Biden administration made a big bet on rescuing the US auto industry. It paid off:-More than 646,000 auto jobs-Auto production doubled in the US-Auto sales hit an all-time highDetroit was on the front lines of that recovery.
Climate change requires drastic action.Joe Biden has a comprehensive plan to tackle our climate emergency and environmental injustices head on:  
Climate change poses an existential threat to our health, our communities, our national security, and our economic well-being. As president, Biden will rally the world to address the climate emergency and lead through the power of example.  
Two Delaware civil rights champions on the Joe Biden they know, and why they're proud to stand by him and call him a friend:
If we want to talk about the Crime Bill, let's hear from the President who chose as his running mate—twice. 
The 1994 Crime Bill included: -The ground-breaking Violence Against Women Act-Bans on assault rifles and high-capacity magazines-Funding for drug courts and prevention
Joe Biden will strengthen America’s commitment to justice and reform by taking action to reduce our prison population, address racial disparities, and make our communities safer. 
Joe Biden has the boldest, most comprehensive criminal justice reform proposal in this election. Read the full plan here:  
Under Medicare for All, Americans will see a new type of deductible in their paycheck. Medicare for All costs $30 trillion. Not sure what math they do in New York or California but that would be a lot of money. 
Las políticas de inmigración de Trump son un asalto a la dignidad humana. No somos un país que niegue a los niños jabón y cepillo de dientes. Esto no es lo que somos. 
Trump's immigration policies are an assault on human dignity. We aren't a country that denies children soap and a toothbrush. This is not who we are. 
Donald Trump is the problem with our immigration policy. He's using family separation as a weapon against desperate people seeking safety and a better life.We need to defeat Donald Trump. 
 As Vice President, Joe Biden worked with the leaders of the Northern Triangle (Guatemala, El Salvador, and Honduras) to insti…
Let’s get the facts straight: Medicare for All will cost 30x more than Joe Biden’s health care plan—and it will be paid for by raising taxes on the middle class.  
Because of the Affordable Care Act, 20 million Americans gained health insurance. Millions more gained critical protections. But the work isn’t over. As president, Biden won’t rest until everyone has access to the quality, affordable care they deserve. 
As Vice President, Biden was a champion for efforts to implement the federal mental health parity law, improve access to mental health care, and eliminate the stigma. As president, he'll enforce our mental health parity laws and expand funding for mental health services.
Senator Harris’ Medicare for All plan still gets rid of employer-sponsored coverage and still costs 30x more than Joe Biden’s health care plan. Just changing the start date by 6 years doesn’t change the fact it is bad policy.  
I’m running for president to restore the soul of this country...No one man has the capacity to rip that apart. It’s too strong. We're too good. 
In America, health care should be a right for all -- not a privilege for the wealthy few.Joe Biden’s plan to protect and build on Obamacare is the best way to achieve universal coverage and lower costs:  
Americans prefer protecting and building on Obamacare with a public option over Medicare for All: 
Healthcare is the most important issue to Americans. Senator Harris won't be able to beat Trump with double-talk on healthcare.We have a plan that builds on the ACA by giving Americans more choice, reducing health care costs, and making our health care system easier to navigate.
Mr. President, this is America. We're stronger because of this diversity, not in spite of it. 
Retweet if you’re proud to be on   
Hey everyone, here! We’re taking over for tonight’s  to give you the facts about Joe’s record on the issues and vision for our country. Stay tuned!
Now I’m handing the account over to my team before I take the stage. They’ll keep you up-to-date on what’s happening at tonight’s  Make sure to follow along!
We deserve leaders that unite us around our shared goals, rather than prey on our divisions. That’s why I’m running for president. To unite our country and put us on a different path — not back to a past that never was — but to a future that fulfills our true potential.
Detroit — and our country as a whole — is like its people: resilient and tough. Defined by a work ethic that is unmatched by any place in the world. And when given half a fighting chance, there’s nothing the American people can’t do.
As we gather in Detroit, it’s important that we recognize the significance of the Motor City. Because few cities embody the American spirit better than Detroit.When it was knocked down flat on its back, it didn’t give up. It came roaring back.
Tonight, I’ll take the stage in Detroit for the second  I’m excited to have the opportunity to discuss the issues on voters’ minds, why I’m running for president, and my bold vision for the future of our country.
Quick! Show your support for Team Joe by filling out a quick survey about the second Democratic debate. We are looking to hear from as many people as possible before the MIDNIGHT deadline.
Quick! Show your support for Team Joe by filling out a quick survey about the second Democratic debate. We are looking to hear from as many people as possible before the MIDNIGHT deadline.
Thanks to you, Joe was able to take the debate stage and show America what his campaign is all about! Keep the VP’s momentum going by filling out a 2 minute debate survey. Joe wants to hear from YOU!
Thanks to you, Joe was able to take the debate stage and show America what his campaign is all about! Keep the VP’s momentum going by filling out a 2 minute debate survey. Joe wants to hear from YOU!
Quick! Show your support for Team Joe by filling out a quick survey about the second Democratic debate. We are looking to hear from as many people as possible before the MIDNIGHT deadline.
Quick! Show your support for Team Joe by filling out a quick survey about the second Democratic debate. We are looking to hear from as many people as possible before the MIDNIGHT deadline.
Thanks to you, Joe was able to take the debate stage and show America what his campaign is all about! Keep the VP’s momentum going by filling out a 2 minute debate survey. Joe wants to hear from YOU!
Thanks to you, Joe was able to take the debate stage and show America what his campaign is all about! Keep the VP’s momentum going by filling out a 2 minute debate survey. Joe wants to hear from YOU!
I'm getting ready to take the stage in Detroit! Grateful to have my family by my side. 
RESPONSE NEEDED: We need 77 more responses before 11:59 p.m. tonight, but we’re still waiting to hear from you. Let us know right now: Do you think we should protect Obamacare?
RESPONSE NEEDED: We need 77 more responses before 11:59 p.m. tonight, but we’re still waiting to hear from you. Let us know right now: Do you think we should protect Obamacare?
Here's the deal, President Trump inherited the economy from the Obama-Biden Administration. And just like everything else he's been given in his life, he's in the process of squandering it. 
I’ve got some exciting news: I am now on Snapchat! Subscribe to get a behind-the-scenes look at tonight’s  and what’s happening on the campaign trail:  
A car accident took the lives of my first wife and baby daughter. My family was fortunate to have health insurance, but that's not the case for many. This is why I fight. I believe deeply that health care is a right for all—not a privilege for the few. 
 Let's clear up the confusion about Medicare for All. We have the facts:❌Costs 30x more than plan❌Only fully pai…
 A medida que los ricos se hacen más ricos, los estadounidenses de clase media se quedan atrás. Es hora de que comencemos a rec…
 As the rich get richer, middle-class Americans are being left behind. It’s time we start rewarding work, not wealth. As presid…
 President Trump doesn’t get the basics when it comes to tariffs. It’s American farmers, workers, and consumers who are paying…
 We must recognize that the impacts of climate change disproportionately fall on communities of color and low-income communitie…
On what would have been his 46th birthday, my thoughts are with the family of my friend Reverend Clementa Pinckney. As we celebrate his life, let's continue on his legacy by living with compassion, kindness, and a relentless dedication to improving the lives of others. 
  is the only candidate who has defeated the on the national stage—and he did it twice. As president, he’ll do…
 Obamacare prohibits insurance companies from denying coverage or increasing premiums due to pre-existing conditions—it was gro…
 This Friday, will be in Iowa to meet members of the community! We hope to see you there. RSVP to join her in Glenwood…
 Nevada, this is big: is heading your way this weekend! Join him in your community to talk about what’s at stake in t…
President Trump ; Betsy DeVos continue to roll back our progress on LGBTQ rights. No child should feel unsafe in school because of their sexual orientation or gender identity.A Biden administration will ensure all of our young people are affirmed ; accepted exactly as they are. 
My plan builds on that legacy with a new public health insurance option like Medicare. Read the full plan here: 
54 years ago, President Johnson signed Medicare and Medicaid into law. This landmark legislation changed the lives of millions by providing the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care.
I’m grateful to Joe and Michelle for sharing their story and glad to hear Matthew is receiving the treatment he needs.Read our full plan to protect and build on the Affordable Care Act to ensure everyone has access to the care they need:  
President Trump has failed on his promises for American workers time and time again. We need to rebuild the middle class, and this time make sure everybody comes along — regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or disability. 
Two years ago, President Trump gave giant tax cuts to the super-wealthy and corporations. Now, he wants to rip free school lunches away from kids who need help the most. It’s heartless. No kid should go hungry in America. 
We have a moral obligation to do everything in our power to stop America’s gun violence epidemic — that starts with taking on the powerful gun lobby and passing common-sense gun safety laws.I’ve beaten the twice. And I’ll do it again in the White House.
The Affordable Care Act changed the life of sister — like it did millions of Americans — by giving her access to the health care she needed. We can’t afford to start over. 
 is a champion in the fight for civil rights. The fact that President Trump continues to use the power of the presidency to unleash racist attacks on the people he serves is despicable. This hate has no place in our country. It's beneath the dignity of the office.
Iowa, I have some big news: is heading your way on August 1st to open two of our field offices. Join her in Sioux City:  or Council Bluffs:  
We’re gathering  in Detroit on July 30th and 31st to show the power of our grassroots movement at the second debate. I hope to see you there! RSVP at  
This violence is not normal. How many more families will have to lose a loved one before we fix our broken gun laws? We must take action, starting with real reform.Our thoughts are with everyone in Gilroy this evening. Enough is enough. 
Instead of starting from scratch, we need to build on the Affordable Care Act. I'll expand on the progress we made—giving Americans more choice, reducing health care costs, and making our health care system less complex to navigate.Read my full plan at 
Far too often, students who experience mental health problems do not get the care they need. As President, I will double the number of mental health professionals in schools to give our kids the support they deserve.
We need to show the power of our grassroots movement. If you’re in the Detroit area, come together with  in your community outside of the second debate on July 30 and 31. RSVP at 
Congratulations to our  contest winner—Kellie from North Carolina!Can’t wait to see you at the debate in Detroit on July 31st, Kel! 
I worked hard to pass the Affordable Care Act—it was a milestone for American health care. I will continue to oppose every effort to tear it down. We have come too far to start over. Read my plan to protect and build on Obamacare at 
Since the historic passage of the Affordable Care Act, Congressional Republicans have been fighting to it tear down. Two years ago today, they continued their crusade in an attempt to pass a “skinny repeal” of Obamacare—it failed.
Trump’s trade wars are squeezing American farmers. In states like South Dakota—where agriculture is a top industry—effects go well beyond farms. As president, I'd join together with our allies ; stand up to China to ensure our policies work for our farmers.
 is one of the finest people I’ve ever served with. It is despicable for you to attack him and the people of Baltimore this way. Once again you have proved yourself unfit to hold the office. A President is supposed to lift this nation up. Not tear it down.
Here’s the deal: I will oppose every effort by Republicans, Democrats, ; anyone else seeking to tear down Obamacare. It is imperative that we build upon the progress we've made by protecting the Affordable Care Act. Read my plan at  
A border wall is the physical embodiment of inability to develop effective immigration policy.His use of Department of Defense funds for the wall is a phony answer to the real challenges we face—and he knows it. 
Climate change is an existential threat to our planet. As President, not only will I recommit us to the Paris Agreement—I’ll lead an effort for every major emitting country to ramp up the ambition of their domestic climate targets. 
As president, I’ll make it a priority to take action against polluters who knowingly harm our environment and poison our communities’ air, land, and water. Read my plan at 
We can't be blind to the way environmental burdens—like air pollution—are distributed unevenly along racial and socioeconomic lines. 
Today, on the Act's anniversary, we must recommit to fully breaking down barriers so everyone has the opportunity to succeed—no matter their zip code, income, race, or disability. As president, I'll ensure everyone's treated with dignity and respect. 
Growing up with a stutter, my parents taught me from a young age that being different is no barrier to success. Instead, the barrier is far too often our laws, our institutions, and our culture. The ADA began to change all of that.
I've always been proud to have cosponsored the Americans with Disabilities Act, signed into law 29 years ago. Thanks to the vision ; persistence of ; many disability leaders, this bill was a critical step in the fight for equal rights for people with disabilities.
Earlier this week, and I had the opportunity to spend some time with the great folks at in New Orleans, Louisiana. It was great getting to see the work they’re doing to inspire the children in their community. 
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED: Donald Trump has been building up his 2020 campaign since 2016. If we want to beat him, we desperately need to catch up. That’s why we’re looking for just 85 more people to let us know where they stand before midnight. Do you want to beat Trump?
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED: Donald Trump has been building up his 2020 campaign since 2016. If we want to beat him, we desperately need to catch up. That’s why we’re looking for just 85 more people to let us know where they stand before midnight. Do you want to beat Trump?
URGENT POLL: Trump and the RNC just raised $105 MILLION, and it's all going toward his general election campaign. It’s going to take every ounce of grassroots support to beat him, so we need to know where you stand and we're still missing your response. Do you want to beat Trump?
URGENT POLL: Trump and the RNC just raised $105 MILLION, and it's all going toward his general election campaign. It’s going to take every ounce of grassroots support to beat him, so we need to know where you stand and we're still missing your response. Do you want to beat Trump?
SUPREME COU ON THE LINE: Trump has his eyes set on naming two more right-wing judges like Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. The only way to stop him is to beat him in 2020, but we can’t do it without support from people like you. We need to know: Do you want to beat Trump?
SUPREME COU ON THE LINE: Trump has his eyes set on naming two more right-wing judges like Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. The only way to stop him is to beat him in 2020, but we can’t do it without support from people like you. We need to know: Do you want to beat Trump?
The marine transit system in Alaska is vital to rural communities—but faces draconian cuts in funding. IBU is on strike to ensure this lifeline for Alaskans will continue to serve communities from Ketchikan to Kodiak. The governor must restore full funding immediately.
Trump is fighting tooth ; nail to deny those fleeing dangerous situations their right to seek asylum in our nation. We should uphold our moral responsibility ; enforce our immigration laws with dignity—not turn away those fleeing violence, war, ; poverty. 
Trump’s tariff war with China is crushing American farmers. It's easy to talk tough when someone else feels the pain. We need to be tough AND smart—working with allies to curb China’s abusive trade practices, not isolating us from our closest partners. 
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED: Donald Trump has been building up his 2020 campaign since 2016. If we want to beat him, we desperately need to catch up. That’s why we’re looking for just 85 more people to let us know where they stand before midnight. Do you want to beat Trump?
YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED: Donald Trump has been building up his 2020 campaign since 2016. If we want to beat him, we desperately need to catch up. That’s why we’re looking for just 85 more people to let us know where they stand before midnight. Do you want to beat Trump?
SUPREME COU ON THE LINE: Trump has his eyes set on naming two more right-wing judges like Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. The only way to stop him is to beat him in 2020, but we can’t do it without support from people like you. We need to know: Do you want to beat Trump?
SUPREME COU ON THE LINE: Trump has his eyes set on naming two more right-wing judges like Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. The only way to stop him is to beat him in 2020, but we can’t do it without support from people like you. We need to know: Do you want to beat Trump?
Let's call Trump’s travel ban what it is: a disgrace. We are a nation of immigrants, and we need a leader who recognizes that our diversity is our greatest asset. 
Because a union fought for their private health insurance plan, Marcy and her husband were able to retire with dignity and respect. That’s why my plan to protect and build on Obamacare will give folks the option to choose what’s best for them.
Like so many other Americans, Marcy prefers to keep her private insurance while recognizing that a public health insurance option is necessary for some of her friends and family. 
Since 1973, over 160 individuals in this country have been sentenced to death and were later exonerated. Because we can’t ensure that we get these cases right every time, we must eliminate the death penalty. 
Had the opportunity to discuss my plans to advance equity and opportunity for communities of color all across the nation today at the Conference in Indianapolis. Thank you for having me! 
Governor resignation is a testament to the power of everyday people to effect change and a critical opportunity for Puerto Rico, which has been battered by natural disasters and corrupt governments for far too long. 
The black agenda is America’s agenda. This morning, I discussed my plans for communities of color on the
URGENT POLL: Trump and the RNC just raised $105 MILLION, and it's all going toward his general election campaign. It’s going to take every ounce of grassroots support to beat him, so we need to know where you stand and we're still missing your response. Do you want to beat Trump?
URGENT POLL: Trump and the RNC just raised $105 MILLION, and it's all going toward his general election campaign. It’s going to take every ounce of grassroots support to beat him, so we need to know where you stand and we're still missing your response. Do you want to beat Trump?
Here’s the deal: health care is a right. Every American should have the peace of mind that comes from  access to affordable health care, and we can get there by protecting and building on Obamacare.Read my full plan at 
Denali's death marks the 3rd murder of a trans woman in South Carolina this year.Violence against the transgender community is an epidemic—crimes are occurring far too often. It's our moral obligation to put an end to violence in our communities. 
Russia undermined our democracy by interfering in the 2016 election. That's a fact. We need a President who will stand up to the Kremlin, push back against Putin, and take immediate steps to ensure the security of our elections.
One of the great things about being on the trail is getting a chance to have lunch with great folks like and community leaders in Dearborn. 
As President, I will provide states with funds to shift from incarceration to prevention, including addressing factors correlated with incarceration like illiteracy and child abuse. Read our plan:  
Thank you, for hosting a thoughtful discussion in Detroit. As I shared today, there’s nothing we can’t do if given half a chance. 
I believe in redemption. Formerly incarcerated individuals deserve the opportunity to be productive members of society. I’ll expand access to mental health ; substance use treatment, education, job training, and housing. Read our plan:  
Certain life experiences are strongly correlated with an increased likelihood of future incarceration - abuse, illiteracy, experience in foster care.I’ll invest in our children to address underlying factors driving incarceration. Read our plan at  
I'm about to take the stage at the Presidential Candidates Forum. Watch live! 
 Watch as our very own breaks down newly released plan to reform the criminal justice system.To v…
It’s about time we start rewarding workers with the resources to live with dignity ; respect—that begins with better wages and benefits, and the right to collectively organize and strike.Today, I stand with airline catering workers as they rally together at DCA. 
I had the opportunity to visit in New Orleans, Louisiana with today. I commend the work they’re doing to ensure bright futures for the children in their community. 
We currently have insufficient data to eliminate racial ; ethnic biases in our criminal justice system. As president, I’ll urge states to add info regarding ethnicity to their data collection to understand how groups—like Latinx—interact with the system. 
We must reform our juvenile justice system to give children a second chance to live up to their potential. My plan will invest in juvenile justice programs, protect juvenile records, ; end the use of detention as punishment for status offenses. Our plan:  
  believes in second chances, which is why his newly released criminal justice plan sets a goal of ensuring 100% of f…
My plan will counter the rise in hate crimes ; reinvigorate community-oriented policing in order to root out persistent crime and hold violent offenders accountable. Read our plan at  
The Equifax settlement is a reminder of the trust we put in major corporations that possess large amounts of personal data. We must continue to hold them accountable for keeping personal information secure and protected.  
Today I released my plan to reform our criminal justice system. Equality, equity, justice—these ideas form the American creed. We have never lived up to it and we haven’t always gotten it right, but we’ve never stopped trying. Learn more about my plan at  
Too many people are incarcerated in the US – and many don’t have resources to successfully rejoin society after serving their time.That’s why I’m releasing my plan to reduce our prison population, create a more just society, ; make our communities safer.  
Trump’s words and actions are damaging our place in the world and our futures. We are a nation founded on diversity and opportunity for everyone. I’m running for President because we need to fight back against the incredible abuses of power we’re seeing.
Our plan to revitalize rural America will provide a path to the middle-class for people in small towns and remote areas across the country. We must build a middle-class where everyone comes along, regardless of zip code. 
Trump’s continued racist attacks against these members of Congress cannot be tolerated or excused. This is not who we are. We must hold him accountable for his words.
Drug corporations are profiteering off the pocketbooks of sick individuals.Under a Biden administration, we’ll put a stop to runaway drug pricing so every American has the peace of mind that they can afford their medication. 
Americans work hard every day, and they deserve a worry-free retirement with a steady income. I’ll put Social Security on a path to long-run solvency through a tax on the wealthiest wage earners. Learn more about my plan for Older Americans at 
9 years ago today, I proudly stood alongside President Obama as he signed the Wall Street reform and consumer protection bill into law. In the midst of the financial crisis we inherited, we fought to protect working Americans from predatory practices and prevent another crash.
I was never more proud to serve as Vice President than on the day President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act. As president, I’ll protect the progress we’ve made and build on Obamacare to ensure every American receives quality, affordable health care. 
Ended my trip to Nevada by participating in a Local Brews and National Views. Thank you to all who attended, it was a pleasure spending time with you! 
 It's  and we all know how much loves ice cream! We want to know if  loves it too. Grab a…
Every American deserves the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care.My new plan will allow people to buy into a public option, increase premium tax credits for middle class families, and expand coverage to low-income Americans. 
Happy  I hope everyone enjoys some ice cream on this hot summer day. I’ll be eating a pint of chocolate chip myself. 
I know if we come together there is nothing we can’t do. That gives me the strength to know we can defeat Donald Trump and once again put this nation on the path towards dignity and decency and justice. 
Today was our first nationwide Day of Action! It was great to spend the day in Las Vegas, Nevada kicking off our phone bank with our incredible volunteers.  
Seven years ago, our nation watched in horror at the news from Aurora, Colorado. 12 innocent lives, full of so much promise, were cut short in an act of terror. Many more injured and traumatized. Today, we recommit to taking action to reduce gun violence
That's what we're capable of when we come together in service of something larger than ourselves. That's the America I have faith in.
In that moment, we weren't thinking about being Democrats or Republicans. We weren't thinking about a way to contort the nation's victory in favor of one political faction or another. We were, quite simply, Americans—joined together in our wonder, awe, and shared humanity.
Fifty years ago today, in every corner of our country, Americans gathered together to watch our nation put three astronauts on the moon. For a moment, we all held our breath together, knowing we were about to bear witness to a first for mankind.
 First day of action for out in Buena Vista County!!! The humidity doesn’t stop  and !! 
 A little summer heat ☀️ can't keep down! Big thanks to all the volunteers out there knocking on doors to help…
 Every knock, every phone call, and every conversation matter — all of these small moments add up to something bigger than all…
I’m heading to Detroit at the end of the month for our second Democratic debate. Supporters in every part of the country are coming together on July 31 to have parties to watch the debate. I hope you’ll host one in your community:  
This heat wave is a reminder that we’re already feeling the impacts of climate change.. It’s clear we need to take drastic action now to solve our climate crisis and protect the planet for future generations.Stay safe this weekend. 
I’m running for president to restore the soul of this nation, rebuild its backbone — the middle class, and unify all Americans.If you’re with me, let me know by committing to vote today: 
Los comentarios del gobernador son vergonzosos. El lenguaje de odio no debe ser protegido, independientemente del título político. El pueblo de  será escuchado y decidirán quién va a dirigir su gobierno.
Governor comments are shameful. Hateful language should be given no safe harbor -- regardless of political title. The people of  will be heard, and they will decide who leads their government.
It was great meeting so many folks today at Tamales Liliana in Los Angeles. Thank you for having lunch with me! 
Here's the deal, my plan to build on Obamacare will expand health care coverage and lower costs — without raising taxes on the middle class.Proponents of Medicare for All can't say the same. 
President Trump’s comments this week were despicable. 
Tomorrow, I’m heading to Nevada for our first Day of Action! Talking with neighbors about what’s at stake in this election is how we’ll win. RSVP to join us in Las Vegas for a phone bank kickoff: 
In America, health care is a right for all — not a privilege for the wealthy few.As president, I’ll repeal President Trump’s tax cuts for the super wealthy and close capital gains loopholes to help ensure everyone has access to the care they deserve. 
 🚨 Big News 🚨We just found out will be on night two of the second Democratic debate! We’re bringing together 
 is visiting South Carolina tomorrow, and I’m excited for the folks of Summerville to have the opportunity to meet her! Head to  to RSVP.
Stopped by Dulan's On Crenshaw to serve some food and chat about why I'm running for president. A great way to start our trip to Los Angeles! 
America’s teachers shouldn’t have to work a second job after a full day in the classroom just to make ends meet — but stories like these are all too common. In a Biden administration, we’ll change that by giving our educators the pay they deserve.
The ACA was and is a big deal. It took a century of presidents trying to expand health care access, and President Obama and I got it done. We can’t start over.I’ll fight tooth and nail against anyone who tries to tear it down—Republican or Democrat. 
Rebuilding America’s middle class is the major moral obligation of our time. And today, House Democrats took an important step forward in that fight by passing the  Act. It’s past time for a $15 minimum wage and a real pathway to the middle class. 
This Saturday, our campaign will be hosting a nationwide Day of Action. Supporters across the country will be coming together, organizing communities, and talking with voters about what’s at stake in this election. Join us:  
I believe protecting the ACA is the most important thing we can do. It covered 20 million Americans and protects over 100 million with pre-existing conditions. I want to hear how it helped you and your family. Click below to share your  
Like Mark and Marianne, the lives of millions of Americans depend on the Affordable Care Act. We can’t tear it down. We need to protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care. 
Let's make sure he doesn’t get four more years in the White House. If you’re with me, join our campaign and let’s get to work: 
So, Mr. President, I am here to tell you this. This is OUR country: The United States of America. You'll never understand what makes us strong. And that's why the American people are going to vote you out of office next year.
These members of Congress — children of immigrants, just like so many of us — are an example of exactly what makes America great.
Here's what has always made America great:Honesty. Decency. Treating everyone with dignity. Demonizing no one — not the poor, the powerless, the immigrant, the other. Giving hate no safe harbor. Understanding that, as Americans, we are part of something bigger than ourselves.
Donald Trump thinks that our nation's great diversity makes us weak — because he has no idea what makes us great.
We’ve heard it before throughout our history, but it has no place in America in 2019.It’s clear that Donald Trump is trying to divide us by race and gender. It’s immoral. Our children are listening.
Four days ago, the President of the United States suggested that four elected members of Congress, all women of color, ought to "go back" to the countries "from which they came." And every day since he has repeated this ugly, racist refrain.
During Beau’s fight with glioblastoma, we learned about the incredible breakthroughs made in cancer treatment — and those that are right over the horizon. This is a fight we can't postpone. I know — with the power of America’s best minds — we can end cancer as we know it. 
Wrapped up our trip with stops in Sioux City and Council Bluffs, where we discussed our new plan to ensure that everyone has access to quality, affordable health care. Thank you for a great few days, Iowa! 
We will provide rural hospitals with the adequate funding and flexibility they need to keep their doors open, double funding for community health centers, and expand the pipeline of rural health care providers.
Rural health care will be a top priority in the Biden administration. Under our plan, rural hospitals won’t be threatened by having to get by on low Medicare reimbursement rates for all.
A Biden administration will help rural communities fully access federal resources and tackle persistent poverty in rural America.
We will pursue a trade policy that works for American farmers, transform our agriculture sector, triple funding for rural broadband, and bring cutting-edge manufacturing jobs to rural America.
My plan recognizes how much rural communities contribute to this nation and how much they’ve been hurt by this president’s damaging policies. We are going to build a pathway to the middle class for rural Americans, in rural America.
Rural communities power our nation. They feed our bodies and fuel our engines. A healthy, vibrant rural America is essential to the success of our country. That’s why I released my plan for rural America:  
In a Biden administration, we’ll give people the choice to buy into a public option like Medicare. That’s the best way to lower costs and achieve universal coverage.Read our full plan here:  
Justice Stevens was a decent, honorable man who served our country well. He understood that the most important thing about being on the Court is treating people with dignity and respect. I was honored to have known him. and I are sending our prayers to his family.
Had the opportunity to speak with some great folks in Manning, Iowa, today about our new plan to revitalize rural economies. Thank you to everyone who joined us! 
Obamacare has been hugely important in the lives of so many Americans. Sign your name to our petition to support and expand on the promises of Obamacare.
Obamacare has been hugely important in the lives of so many Americans. Sign your name to our petition to support and expand on the promises of Obamacare.
Obamacare has been hugely important in the lives of so many Americans. Sign your name to our petition to support and expand on the promises of Obamacare.
Obamacare has been hugely important in the lives of so many Americans. Sign your name to our petition to support and expand on the promises of Obamacare.
Obamacare has been hugely important in the lives of so many Americans. Sign your name to our petition to support and expand on the promises of Obamacare.
Obamacare has been hugely important in the lives of so many Americans. Sign your name to our petition to support and expand on the promises of Obamacare.
Obamacare has been hugely important in the lives of so many Americans. Sign your name to our petition to support and expand on the promises of Obamacare.
Obamacare has been hugely important in the lives of so many Americans. Sign your name to our petition to support and expand on the promises of Obamacare.
Obamacare has been hugely important in the lives of so many Americans. Sign your name to our petition to support and expand on the promises of Obamacare.
President Trump’s entire re-election strategy is based on fear and hatred of migrants — this is just the latest example.We can enforce our immigration laws with dignity — and fix the asylum system so that it is both fair to those who need protection and deters those who do not.
Our Statue of Liberty invites in the tired, the poor, the huddled masses yearning to breathe free. Now President Trump wants to slam the door in the face of children and families fleeing war, poverty, and violence.It’s cruel. It’s not who we are. 
Summer vacation season has started, but many hardworking Americans like the members currently striking the VTA/TCI aren’t taking a break in their fight for safe working conditions, higher wages, and good benefits. I’m proud to stand with them.
Thank you to Governor Tom Vilsack and for opening up your home for yesterday’s house party. It was a pleasure getting to spend some time with the residents of Waukee, Iowa! 
 and I had a very important meeting with while at Drake University yesterday. 
I’m glad to hear Matt is doing well — stories like his remind us of the need to protect and build upon the Affordable Care Act. We can’t afford to start over.Read our plan here:  
At the  I laid out my plan for older Americans. A Biden administration will lower drug costs, protect ; strengthen Medicare ; Social Security, ; help middle-class families grow their savings—because everyone deserves to retire with dignity. 
Iowa, I hope you’ll join us this week to hear about our bold vision for the future of our country. Head to  to find an event in your community.
In a Biden administration, we’ll protect the Affordable Care Act and the progress we’ve made — and won’t rest until every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care.Read the full plan here: 
In America, health care is a right — not a privilege dependent on your gender, race, sexual orientation, income or zip code. Our plan will address systemic inequities to ensure every American receives the care they need and deserve. 
Our plan will stand up to the abuse of power by prescription drug corporations and take concrete steps to lower drug prices for Americans. Because no one should have to choose between putting food on the table or filling their prescription. 
For too many Americans with insurance, health care costs are still too high. Our plan will not only provide coverage for uninsured Americans, but it will also make health care more affordable for those who have it today. 
We will provide premium-free access to this public option — with the full scope of Medicaid benefits — for people who would otherwise qualify for Medicaid, but were denied access by governors and state legislatures. 
Our plan will give Americans the choice to buy into a public option like Medicare. That’s the best way to lower costs and achieve universal coverage. 
I understand the appeal of Medicare for All — but folks supporting it should be clear that it means getting rid of Obamacare. And, I'm not for that.We should protect and build upon the Affordable Care Act and the progress we’ve made. Not tear it down and start over.
The Affordable Care Act was a historic achievement. 20 million Americans gained coverage. Over 100 million with pre-existing conditions finally got protection. We can’t tear it down.So today, I’m releasing my plan to Protect ; Build on Obamacare:  
A job is about a lot more than a paycheck. It’s about dignity. It’s about being able to look your child in the eye and say everything is going to be ok. But far too many people today can’t do that.We’ve got to rebuild America’s middle class and ensure everyone gets a fair shot. 
America’s strength is and has always been rooted in our diversity. But President Trump continues to spew hateful rhetoric, sow division, and stoke racial tensions for his own political gain.Let's be clear: Racism and xenophobia have no place in America. 
Thank you to everyone who joined us in Londonderry, New Hampshire, where we discussed our plans to build an inclusive middle class where everyone comes along — regardless of race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability. 
Las redadas de inmigración (ICE) del presidente Trump son inhumanas. Sus tácticas no resuelven nada. No deberíamos estar aterrorizando comunidades y dividiendo familias. Debemos proporcionar un camino hacia la ciudadanía y encontrar una solución duradera.
It’s young people like the that give me so much hope and excitement for the future of our country. 
President Trump’s ICE raids are inhumane. His scare tactics solve nothing. We shouldn't be terrorizing communities and splitting up families. We should provide a pathway to citizenship and find a lasting solution.
I’m heartbroken to hear of the passing of Héctor Figueroa. Héctor was a stalwart champion in the fight to ensure every worker receives the respect and dignity they’ve earned. My thoughts are with his family and his loved ones.
Had the opportunity to spend some time with the great residents of Atkinson, New Hampshire, today. Thank you all for the warm welcome into your community! 
As individuals, and as a nation, we have to prove to the world that the United States is prepared to lead—not just with the example of our power, but the power of our example.I will take decisive steps to renew our core American values and return transparency to our government. 
It was a pleasure spending time with the inspiring young leaders of the — especially — in Portsmouth. Thank you to everyone who came out tonight! 
Had to pull the team over for a quick ice cream stop! This time we’re at Annabelle’s Ice Cream in Portsmouth, NH. 
Thank you to everyone who joined us in Dover, New Hampshire! We had a great time discussing how we will rebuild the backbone of this country — the middle class. 
  is in the Granite State for a weekend full of community events and house parties. Follow our new account…
 "One of the biggest reasons that I support the Vice President is because he has always supported working class families like m…
The threat Donald Trump poses to our national security — and to who we are as a country — is so extreme we cannot afford to ignore it. 
We have to champion liberty and democracy, reclaim our credibility, and look with unrelenting optimism and determination toward the future. 
We have to champion liberty and democracy. We have to reclaim our credibility. We have to look with unrelenting optimism and determination toward the future.Head to  to read our full plan.
We must once more harness that power and rally the Free World to meet the challenges facing our world today—and it falls to the United States of America to do it.No other nation has the capacity. No other nation is built on that idea—that promise. And it’s in our self-interest.
No army on earth can match how the electric idea of liberty passes freely from person to person, jumps borders, transcends languages and cultures—how it can supercharge communities of ordinary citizens into activists and organizers and change agents.
A Biden administration will place the United States back at the head of the table to mobilize global action on global threats—especially those unique to our century. 
We know that economic security is national security. But there are a lot of communities across this country that are hurting—because we’ve neglected the basics.We will equip our people to succeed in the global economy with a foreign policy for the middle class. 
I will invite my fellow democratic leaders to put strengthening democracy back on the global agenda.We will organize and host, during the first year of my administration, a global Summit for Democracy to renew the spirit and shared purpose of the nations of the Free World. 
We have to prove to the world that the United States is prepared to lead—not just with the example of our power, but the power of our example.To that end, as president, I will take decisive steps to renew our core American values and return transparency to our government. 
We only have one opportunity to reset our democracy after Trump—we have to be prepared to make the most of it.First, we must repair and reinvigorate our own democracy. 
The threat Donald Trump poses to our national security, and to who we are as a country, is so extreme we cannot afford to ignore it.His erratic policies and failures to uphold basic democratic principles have muddied our reputation and our place in the world.
In 2019, foreign policy is domestic policy, and domestic policy is foreign policy. They are a deeply connected set of choices we make about how to advance the American way of life and our vision for the future.
Today in New York City, I laid out my foreign policy vision for America. A vision built on restoring dignified leadership at home and respected leadership on the world stage.
WATCH LIVE: Joe Biden Delivers Foreign Policy Address in New York City 
Embracing dictators. Threatening war. Embarrassing the United States.That’s the  American leadership starts now. 
Today, we celebrate Journeyman Lineman Recognition Day and the work does to keep lineworkers safe. These brave men and women do the hard work of powering America’s electric grid, economy, and future. Our country can't function without the important work they do.
Our campaign starts at the local level — neighbors talking with neighbors and organizing their communities in every corner of the country. If you’re ready to get to work, sign up to host an organizing meeting for our nationwide Day of Action on July 20th: 
President Trump can avoid talking about climate change all he wants, but it doesn’t change the fact that it is real, is here, and requires our urgent action.We can't afford four more years of a climate change denier in the White House.
New Hampshire, I’m heading your way this weekend to talk about our plans to rebuild the backbone of the country — the middle class. Head to  to find an event in your community. Hope to see you there!
 congratulations on the big win and thank you for the jersey! Your talent, heart, and advocacy for equal pay represents the best of America and serves as an inspiration for all.  
Tomorrow, I’m heading to New York City to talk about my foreign policy vision for America — we need to restore dignified leadership at home and respected leadership on the world stage. RSVP to join us: 
I know the history of this country. I’m amazed how far we’ve come, but I know how much further we have to go.We can get there — together. 
Here’s what I commit to you: I will name a Secretary of Education who is an educator. 
The abuse of a child is one of the most heinous, despicable abuses of power imaginable. It is inexcusably poor judgment for a US Attorney to seek leniency for someone guilty of it. Secretary Acosta should provide his resignation immediately.
We can’t tear down the ACA. We should protect and build on it. In America, health care should be a right—not a privilege.As president, I’ll do everything in my power to stand up to the attacks on the ACA and expand coverage to ensure everyone has access to the care they need.
The Affordable Care Act was and is a big deal. It covered 20 million more people, protects more than 100 million people with pre-existing conditions, and expanded Medicaid — giving millions of Americans the peace of mind that comes with health insurance.
Today, the Affordable Care Act is back in the courts — putting the health care of millions of Americans at risk. It’s clear some will stop at nothing to sabotage Obamacare and roll back the progress we’ve made. 
Thank you to everyone at our town hall discussion in Charleston, South Carolina, for your thoughtful questions on ending gun violence, combating the opioid epidemic, and ensuring every American has access to quality, affordable health care. 
 Big News: Former chair Ned Helms has endorsed Helms is a health care expert who has committed himself to th…
The Democratic Party is lucky to have leaders like Eric, and I look forward to continuing to work with him on the pressing issues facing Americans.
His leadership on the House Intelligence Committee and his influential voice pushing the Trump Administration to secure our elections have helped make clear the stakes for our country in next year's election.
 ran a passionate campaign, and I commend him for bringing more attention to the urgent need for gun safety reform in America.
It was the honor of my lifetime to serve with a man who I believe was a great president, a historic figure, and most important to me, a close friend.He selected me. I’ll take his judgment about my record, my character, and my ability to handle the job over anyone else’s. 
If we don't defeat Donald Trump, the character of this nation will be fundamentally and forever altered. 
I had the opportunity to meet Cameron Boyce at this year’s Courage Awards and through his work with He was filled with so much light and served as a tremendous role model for young people. He's gone far too soon. and I are sending our prayers to his family. 
Congratulations to the on back-to-back Women’s World Cup titles! You never fail to make our country proud — on and off the field.  
This afternoon in Sumter, South Carolina, I discussed why I decided to run for Senate years ago — to stand up to the abuse of power and to ensure all Americans have a fair shot at the American dream. Thank you to everyone who came out to join us! 
Today I sat down with leaders in Williamsburg County, South Carolina. We talked about the issues impacting rural communities like broadband access, investing in education and infrastructure, and healthcare. 
Team, we're training a new generation of organizers across the country. Apply for the Team Joe Organizing Fellowship before Monday, July 8th to learn the ins-and-outs of grassroots and digital organizing in our eight-week online training program. Apply:  
I’m about to take the stage in Sumter, South Carolina. Watch live! 
America is an idea, unlike any other country in the world.  
No child’s future should be determined by their gender, race, zip code, parents' income, or disability. Full stop. In a Biden administration, we’ll make historic investments in our public schools to ensure every kid in America gets a fair shot.  
Thank you to for a great discussion this afternoon on how we can work together to create  I can promise you that and I will be the best partners and fiercest advocates in the White House for America’s educators and students.  
 South Carolina, is heading your way this weekend! Head to  to find an event in your community.
Had the opportunity to meet some incredible Iowans at yesterday’s parade in Independence. Thank you to everyone who came out to celebrate the  and the values that this country stands for. 
Looking forward to joining to discuss my plan for  I know from watching all these years that, for educators, their profession isn’t just what they do, it’s who they are — and it’s time we support them with the pay and dignity they deserve. 
 and I had a great time celebrating the  at last night's game! 
I had the opportunity to congratulate some newly minted U.S. citizens in Des Moines, Iowa. Tonight’s naturalization ceremony — on the anniversary of our independence — serves as a reminder that being a nation of immigrants is one of our greatest strengths.  
We just wrapped up a great event in Marshalltown, Iowa. Thank you to everyone who came out to join us on this  
Every year on the  presidents, elected leaders, and everyday Americans come together at parades, bbqs, and baseball games to celebrate humankind’s highest ideal — liberty. That’s what we’re celebrating today in Iowa.
Will he offer a robust defense of the democratic values that have always been our strength in times of crisis? We all know the answer to that.Donald Trump is incapable of celebrating what makes America great because he doesn’t get it.
What will Donald Trump say this evening when he speaks to the nation at an event designed more to stroke his ego than celebrate American ideals? Will he speak to the example America must set to inspire the world?
As I celebrate today with friends ; family, I am reflecting on the promise those rebels envisioned 243 years ago. America hasn’t lived up to that promise for most people—but we’ve never stopped trying. We must continue in our pursuit until we achieve equality ; liberty for all.
We have to be against his policies that are further entrenching economic inequality in this nation. That are rigging the system against the middle class.That too is an attack on our democracy, on our liberty.
It’s not enough to be against the way Donald Trump conducts himself — we have to be against the way he assaults the dignity of women, people of color, and immigrants.
We have to take on the inequalities in our system that are causing too many today—in America and around the world—to question their faith in the ability of democracy to deliver for them.It’s not enough to be for political equality. We have to be for economic fairness as well.
My liberty, depends on yours. Our liberty as a nation rests on our ability to ensure equal access and equal opportunity — not just for our own children, but all our children.
But we must also remember, as JFK put it, that ours is “not the individual liberty of one but the indivisible liberty of all.” Donald Trump doesn’t get that.
America is the heart of the Free World, and we must defend it. That is how the  is best honored — by remembering that our Declaration is first and foremost a call to arms, in defense of liberty.
And ever since then, presidents and patriots have gathered together on the Fourth to reflect on the greater meaning of our American experiment.
243 years ago, a group of rebels in Philadelphia pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor to a revolutionary idea, to the self-evident truth that all men — and women — are created equal.
It’s fitting that we’re celebrating Independence Day in Independence, Iowa. Thank you to everyone who said hello at this morning’s  parade — it was great to see so many supporters! 
America is an idea — stronger than any army, more powerful than any dictator. It gives hope to the most desperate people on Earth. Instills in us the belief that no matter where you start in life, there's nothing you can't achieve.That's worth celebrating. Happy 
Thank you to everyone who came out to our event in Waterloo! RSVP to join us tomorrow in Independence and Marshalltown:  
DREAMers—young people who came to the U.S. as children—are Americans. They don’t deserve to sit in limbo as the Supreme Court decides whether President Trump can end the Obama-Biden DACA policy. Congress should act now to give them a path to citizenship. 
Want a sticker to show your support for Team Joe? Just tell us where to send it before our new stock runs out!
Want a sticker to show your support for Team Joe? Just tell us where to send it before our new stock runs out!
We want to make sure there are Joe Biden stickers all over the country this summer. Don’t miss out on getting yours! Join the team before midnight to guarantee your free sticker!
We want to make sure there are Joe Biden stickers all over the country this summer. Don’t miss out on getting yours! Join the team before midnight to guarantee your free sticker!
Have you claimed your Biden for President sticker yet? Donate any amount and we’ll send a sticker your way!
Have you claimed your Biden for President sticker yet? Donate any amount and we’ll send a sticker your way!
South Carolina, I’m heading your way this weekend to talk with you about how we’ll build an inclusive middle class where everyone comes along. Head to  to RSVP for an event in your community.
Have you claimed your Biden for President sticker yet? Donate any amount and we’ll send a sticker your way!
Have you claimed your Biden for President sticker yet? Donate any amount and we’ll send a sticker your way!
We want to make sure there are Joe Biden stickers all over the country this summer. Don’t miss out on getting yours! Join the team before midnight to guarantee your free sticker!
We want to make sure there are Joe Biden stickers all over the country this summer. Don’t miss out on getting yours! Join the team before midnight to guarantee your free sticker!
Want a sticker to show your support for Team Joe? Just tell us where to send it before our new stock runs out!
Want a sticker to show your support for Team Joe? Just tell us where to send it before our new stock runs out!
Have you claimed your Biden for President sticker yet? Donate any amount and we’ll send a sticker your way!
Have you claimed your Biden for President sticker yet? Donate any amount and we’ll send a sticker your way!
We want to make sure there are Joe Biden stickers all over the country this summer. Don’t miss out on getting yours! Join the team before midnight to guarantee your free sticker!
We want to make sure there are Joe Biden stickers all over the country this summer. Don’t miss out on getting yours! Join the team before midnight to guarantee your free sticker!
Want a sticker to show your support for Team Joe? Just tell us where to send it before our new stock runs out!
Want a sticker to show your support for Team Joe? Just tell us where to send it before our new stock runs out!
 Big News: Last quarter we raised more per day than any other presidential campaign — $21.5 million in just over two months, wi…
Rooms of people packed body to body. Kids being held without access to showers or a change of clothes. It’s simply abhorrent.We all have a moral obligation to keep speaking out until this administration ends these inhumane policies once and for all. 
El Departamento de Comercio anunció que el formulario Censo 2020 no tendrá la pregunta de ciudadanía de Trump. Esto no es solo una victoria para los inmigrantes y latinos, sino para todos los estadounidenses. Todos merecemos ser contados sin temor!
John Walsh was an incredible coach and mentor. He always urged us to play the game and live our lives with passion and integrity. and I are sending our prayers to his family — he will be dearly missed.
Tomorrow, I’m heading to Iowa with to talk with voters about our bold vision for the future. We hope you’ll come out and join us! Head to  to RSVP. 
But as we mark the 55th anniversary, we must recognize that the work is not done. Too many Americans still face the sting of systemic racism and discrimination. We must double down on our efforts to root out these evils and ensure America lives up to its promise for all.
It also laid the groundwork for other milestones and freedoms to follow — from the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Because when justice rings out for one group, it rings for all groups in America. We’re all made better.
The Civil Rights Act for the first time made real the possibility of equal access to employment. It outlawed discrimination in public facilities, and it gave the Attorney General of the United States of America the power to enforce the law to combat discrimination.
It took the courage and determination of generations of African Americans who refused to wither in the face of racism and intolerance. Their resolve fundamentally changed the character of our nation for the better.
Today marks 55 years since the signing of the Civil Rights Act — the landmark piece of legislation that brought our nation closer to fulfilling the promise that was made two centuries earlier in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. A promise of equality, equity, and fairness for all.
The Department of Commerce just announced the 2020 Census will not have President Trump’s citizenship question. This is not only a victory for immigrants and Latinos, but for all Americans. Everyone deserves to be counted and have their voices heard without fear.
 This is big: Governor has officially endorsed Governor Lamont has been a strong champion for Connecticut…
Luis Alvarez was an American hero and I are sending our thoughts and prayers to his family.No one should have to spend their final weeks fighting for the health care and benefits they deserve. We must do better for our 9/11 first responders. 
Make no mistake, this is a modern-day poll tax that overturns the will of Florida voters. It’s unacceptable. We must ensure everyone — including individuals formerly incarcerated for felonies — has the right to make their voices heard at the ballot box. 
One in five students experience mental health problems, but too often they don’t get the care they need. In a Biden administration, we will double the number of mental health professionals in schools to give our kids the support they deserve. 
Income inequality is on the rise — made worse by the Trump tax cut that was a giant giveaway to the super-wealthy. We’ve got to rebuild the backbone of this country — the middle class. That starts by rewarding work, not just wealth.
 Big News: is heading back to Iowa this week! RSVP to attend an event in your community ⬇️ 
Iran has now restarted its nuclear program and has become more, rather than less, aggressive. Trump's Iran policy has alienated us from our allies and taken us to the brink of another war in the Middle East.Everything this president does is backwards.
Iran needs to get back into compliance with its nuclear commitments, but Trump appears to have no plan for ensuring that result either. His policy of maximum pressure has produced worse than minimum results.
And even as Trump has rushed to legitimize a dictator in North Korea with dozens of nuclear weapons, he trashed the Iran nuclear deal — a deal that was working to keep Iran far away from a single nuclear bomb.
Not one missile or nuclear weapon has been destroyed, not one inspector is on the ground. If anything, the situation has gotten worse. North Korea has continued to churn out fissile material and is no longer an isolated pariah on the world stage.
Diplomacy is important, but diplomacy requires a strategy, a process, and competent leadership to deliver. After three made-for-TV summits, we still don't have a single concrete commitment from North Korea.
In this case, all Trump achieved was a mere promise to restart working-level negotiations — negotiations that should have never ended.
Yet again, Donald Trump has demonstrated that he is more concerned with a photo op for himself than getting results for the American people. He has repeatedly elevated Kim Jong Un — a murderous tyrant — on the international stage in exchange for almost nothing.
President Trump’s failure to lead on the climate crisis is inexcusable — it endangers the future of our country and planet.As president, I’ll rejoin the  and rally the world to push our progress further and faster.
If we want to make Donald Trump a one-term president, it’s going to take everyone stepping up and pitching in what they can. Will you make a donation before our big public fundraising deadline tonight? 
This week, I’m heading back to Iowa to talk with voters about why I’m running for president and my bold vision for the future. Head to  to RSVP to an event in your community. Hope to see you there!
I’ve seen firsthand how hard America’s educators work for little pay and few resources. They deserve better. In a Biden administration, we’ll support our educators by giving them the pay and dignity they deserve. 
 📣 Calling all change-makers 📣 We’re recruiting for our Team Joe Organizing Fellowship, an eight-week program that will teach…
We’re relying on the support of grassroots donors across the country to power this campaign — not corporate PACs or lobbyists. Will you chip in before tonight’s end-of-quarter deadline? 
Meeting the newest member of the Biden family today. Congratulations to my niece and nephew. This is what it’s all about. Welcome to the world, sweet Valerie Jean. 
Yesterday’s verdict doesn’t take away the pain or the loss of Heather Heyer on that day in Charlottesville, but is hopefully a step toward healing and a sense of justice. 
The same forces of hatred rooted in 'birtherism' that questioned American citizenship, and even his racial identity, are now being used against Senator It’s disgusting and we have to call it out when we see it. Racism has no place in America.
We're in a battle for the soul of this nation. We can end the politics of division that’s pulling this country apart and move forward again ⁠— but it’s going to take everyone rolling up their sleeves and doing their part.Let's get to work. 
  is heading to Iowa to listen to voters and talk about Joe’s vision for the future. RSVP to join in Ames: 
Today marks 50 years since the Stonewall uprising, where those brave individuals took a stand on Christopher St and changed our world forever. We must continue our fight for full LGBTQ equality until everyone is treated with the dignity and respect they deserve.  
I’ve fought my heart out to ensure that civil rights, voting rights, and equal rights are enforced everywhere. These rights are not up to the states to decide. They are embedded in our Constitution. And the federal government has a duty to protect the civil rights of all people. 
  has arrived. The former US Vice-President is the special GUEST SPEAKER during the  Labor Luncheon
At last night’s first Democratic debate, I laid out why I’m running for president and my bold vision for the future. A vision built on uniting our country, because there's not a single thing the American people can’t do — together.  
I just got off the debate stage, where I laid out my vision for the country. We’ll work together to get it done, because there’s not a single thing we can’t do – together. If you agreed with what you heard tonight, join our team and let’s get to work: 
That’s a wrap! Thanks for following along with us for night two of the Democratic debate. Make sure to follow to stay up-to-date on everything happening on the campaign. 
"There's not a single thing the American people can't do."   
We know NATO will fall apart if Donald Trump is elected for four more years. It’s the single most consequential alliance in the history of the United States. 
Retweet if you're proud to be on   
The Biden administration will make the largest ever investment in clean energy research and innovation to develop zero-carbon technologies, so America is the engine of the world’s clean energy economy.  
The members of the NRA are not our opponents — the vast majority of them support common-sense reforms, including universal background checks. The gun manufacturers who bankroll the NRA are our opponent. As president, Biden will defeat them.
The Iraq war was a strategic mistake that cost the U.S. dearly. As President, will use military power responsibly, and never commit our forces to a conflict without fully preparing for the consequences. 
Joe Biden shepherded through the Brady Background bill in 1993 and bans on assault weapons and high capacity magazines in 1994.As president, Joe will defeat the again. 
Climate change is a global challenge that requires decisive action from every country around the world. Joe Biden will lead an effort to get every major country to ramp up the ambition of their domestic climate targets.  
As President, Joe Biden will export our clean-energy technology across the globe and create high-quality, middle-class jobs here at home.  
Joe Biden played a key role in securing the extension of the Voting Rights Act—and has advocated for its renewal, and for stronger voter access protections, over the course of his career.  
“We would reunite those families, period.”  
Our immigration system must be fixed without tossing our morals aside. This all starts by protecting DREAMers and recognizing the value of immigrants. 
As Vice President, Joe Biden worked with the leaders of the Northern Triangle (Guatemala, El Salvador, and Honduras) to institute reforms tackling corruption, violence, and economic inequality in their countries, reducing migration to the U.S. 
"Health care is personal to me... there are people right now who are facing what I faced, without any of the help I had. We must move now."  
Now, we need to finish the job and make health care a right for all, not a privilege for the few.  
As VP, Joe Biden stood shoulder to shoulder with President Obama to pass the Affordable Care Act, which:✅ Expanded coverage to 20 million add’l Americans✅ Protected Americans with pre-existing conditions✅ Expanded Medicaid to millions without access to health insurance 

We've got to do better for our educators and our students. In a Biden Administration, we will:✅ Give our educators the pay and dignity they deserve✅ Provide universal Pre-K for all✅ Double the number of mental health professionals in schools
This country wasn’t built by Wall Street bankers and CEOs and hedge fund managers. It was built by you. By ordinary people doing extraordinary things. That’s the history of the journey of America.
You’ve been chosen by Team Joe to take a quick survey about the debate! We’re looking for as many responses as possible by MIDNIGHT so don’t miss the chance to share your opinions!
You’ve been chosen by Team Joe to take a quick survey about the debate! We’re looking for as many responses as possible by MIDNIGHT so don’t miss the chance to share your opinions!
Did you watch the Democratic debates? Joe wants to hear from you to learn what you thought! Take 2 minutes to take our survey.
Did you watch the Democratic debates? Joe wants to hear from you to learn what you thought! Take 2 minutes to take our survey.
You’ve been chosen by Team Joe to take a quick survey about the debate! We’re looking for as many responses as possible by MIDNIGHT so don’t miss the chance to share your opinions!
You’ve been chosen by Team Joe to take a quick survey about the debate! We’re looking for as many responses as possible by MIDNIGHT so don’t miss the chance to share your opinions!
Did you watch the Democratic debates? Joe wants to hear from you to learn what you thought! Take 2 minutes to take our survey.
Did you watch the Democratic debates? Joe wants to hear from you to learn what you thought! Take 2 minutes to take our survey.
You’ve been chosen by Team Joe to take a quick survey about the debate! We’re looking for as many responses as possible by MIDNIGHT so don’t miss the chance to share your opinions!
You’ve been chosen by Team Joe to take a quick survey about the debate! We’re looking for as many responses as possible by MIDNIGHT so don’t miss the chance to share your opinions!
Did you watch the Democratic debates? Joe wants to hear from you to learn what you thought! Take 2 minutes to take our survey.
Did you watch the Democratic debates? Joe wants to hear from you to learn what you thought! Take 2 minutes to take our survey.
Hey everyone — here! We’re taking over account while he’s on stage for tonight’s Democratic debate. Throughout the evening, we’ll be giving you the facts on Joe and his record. 
     
I’m about to take the debate stage. The large, diverse Democratic field is evidence of our party's strength. And above all, we all agree that we need to make Donald Trump a one-term president. 
We have to choose hope over fear, truth over lies, and unity over division. I hope you’ll tune in tonight as we discuss these important issues and more. If you like what you hear, I ask you to join us by signing up at  Let’s get to work.
We can do all this and more – all that stands in the way is a broken political system. We have to unite this country. And we can do it without compromising our principles. That’s the only way we’re going to be able to harness the incredible potential of the American people.
Climate change is an existential threat. We have to take urgent, drastic action now to address the climate emergency. On day one, I’ll take the bold action necessary to tackle this crisis head-on and rally the world to raise our ambitions. 
We have to transform education. We’ll provide universal Pre-K, triple Title I funding, raise teacher pay, double the number of mental health professionals in our schools, and eliminate disparities between rich and poor schools. 
Under my plan, everyone will have the option to buy into a public health plan like Medicare. And we’ll guarantee that the poor – who otherwise would be covered by the Medicaid expansion – are automatically covered, free of charge.
We need to defend and build on the Affordable Care Act. I was proud every day to serve alongside President Obama as Vice President – but never more so than the day the Affordable Care Act passed. Now we have to finish the job.
It’s time to reward work, not just wealth. On day one, I’ll move to: eliminate the Trump tax cut for the super-wealthy, cut the unjustified loopholes in our tax code, and use that money to invest in America’s future.
The poor are getting poorer and the bottom is falling out of the middle class. Income inequality is on the rise — made worse by the Trump tax cut that was a giant give-away to the super-wealthy.
We have to rebuild the backbone of this nation – the middle class. And this time make sure everyone comes along, regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, or disability.
Every day we are being reminded what this election is about. Who we are. What we stand for. What we believe. I am running to offer our country a different path – not back to a past that never was, but to a future that fulfills our true potential as a country.
We know in our bones this election is different. We have a president who promotes hate and division. Encourages white supremacists. Embraces dictators. And damages our alliances internationally.Our politics traffics in division. And our president is the divider in chief.
In an hour, I’ll take the stage for the first Democratic debate to discuss my vision for the country. As I’ve said from day one, I’m running for president for three reasons: to restore the soul of this nation, rebuild its backbone — the middle class, and unify all Americans.
From day one, we've refused to take money from any corporate PACs or lobbyists. Today, I’m building on that base by signing pledge to reject support from the PACs, lobbyists, or executives of fossil fuel companies.I work for you — not any industry. 
In America, every worker deserves fair treatment, safe workplaces, and the right to join a union. Period. I’m proud to stand in solidarity with airport workers across the country as they strike for their right to organize. 
Today’s decision from the court hopefully means there will not be a question on the 2020 Census, but we have much more work to do to ensure all voices are heard in our democracy.
Make no mistake, the Trump Administration added a citizenship question to the Census to deliberately cut out the voices of immigrants and communities of color. It’s wrong and goes against our core values as a nation.
Today the Supreme Court refused to stop politicians rigging our democracy by writing election rules for their own benefit. It couldn’t have happened without Justices put there by Donald Trump and Republicans — another reason why Democrats must take back the White House in 2020.
 Joe's climate plan will create more than 10 million new, good-paying jobs all across the clean economy. We’ll start exporting…
 Let’s be clear: We shouldn’t tear the Affordable Care Act down. We should build on it.The Biden Administration will give eve…
 It’s officially debate night! We’ll be posting throughout the evening to give you the facts on and his record. Make…
 Tomorrow is the big night: takes the stage for the first Democratic debate!  is gathering at watch parties a…
I was proud to sign pledge. Our large and diverse set of qualified Democratic candidates is evidence of our strength as a party, and I am committed to supporting whomever becomes the nominee. The most important thing is to beat Donald Trump. Period. 
Our most important deadline yet is coming at the end of the month! If just a handful of people reading this chipped in $5, we’d surpass our goal for the first quarter of this campaign and show Donald Trump that we mean business.
Our most important deadline yet is coming at the end of the month! If just a handful of people reading this chipped in $5, we’d surpass our goal for the first quarter of this campaign and show Donald Trump that we mean business.
Our most important deadline yet is coming at the end of the month! If just a handful of people reading this chipped in $5, we’d surpass our goal for the first quarter of this campaign and show Donald Trump that we mean business.
Our most important deadline yet is coming at the end of the month! If just a handful of people reading this chipped in $5, we’d surpass our goal for the first quarter of this campaign and show Donald Trump that we mean business.
We’ve got a BIG deadline coming up, and we need your support! We’re still about 643 donations short of our grassroots donor goal. Don’t wait to chip in!
We’ve got a BIG deadline coming up, and we need your support! We’re still about 643 donations short of our grassroots donor goal. Don’t wait to chip in!
We’ve got a BIG deadline coming up, and we need your support! We’re still about 643 donations short of our grassroots donor goal. Don’t wait to chip in!
We’ve got a BIG deadline coming up, and we need your support! We’re still about 643 donations short of our grassroots donor goal. Don’t wait to chip in!
Our most important deadline yet is coming at the end of the month! If just a handful of people reading this chipped in $5, we’d surpass our goal for the first quarter of this campaign and show Donald Trump that we mean business.
Our most important deadline yet is coming at the end of the month! If just a handful of people reading this chipped in $5, we’d surpass our goal for the first quarter of this campaign and show Donald Trump that we mean business.
Our most important deadline yet is coming at the end of the month! If just a handful of people reading this chipped in $5, we’d surpass our goal for the first quarter of this campaign and show Donald Trump that we mean business.
Our most important deadline yet is coming at the end of the month! If just a handful of people reading this chipped in $5, we’d surpass our goal for the first quarter of this campaign and show Donald Trump that we mean business.
Our most important deadline yet is coming at the end of the month! If just a handful of people reading this chipped in $5, we’d surpass our goal for the first quarter of this campaign and show Donald Trump that we mean business.
Our most important deadline yet is coming at the end of the month! If just a handful of people reading this chipped in $5, we’d surpass our goal for the first quarter of this campaign and show Donald Trump that we mean business.
Our most important deadline yet is coming at the end of the month! If just a handful of people reading this chipped in $5, we’d surpass our goal for the first quarter of this campaign and show Donald Trump that we mean business.
Our most important deadline yet is coming at the end of the month! If just a handful of people reading this chipped in $5, we’d surpass our goal for the first quarter of this campaign and show Donald Trump that we mean business.
We’ve got a BIG deadline coming up, and we need your support! We’re still about 643 donations short of our grassroots donor goal. Don’t wait to chip in!
We’ve got a BIG deadline coming up, and we need your support! We’re still about 643 donations short of our grassroots donor goal. Don’t wait to chip in!
We’ve got a BIG deadline coming up, and we need your support! We’re still about 643 donations short of our grassroots donor goal. Don’t wait to chip in!
We’ve got a BIG deadline coming up, and we need your support! We’re still about 643 donations short of our grassroots donor goal. Don’t wait to chip in!
We’ve got a BIG deadline coming up, and we need your support! We’re still about 643 donations short of our grassroots donor goal. Don’t wait to chip in!
We’ve got a BIG deadline coming up, and we need your support! We’re still about 643 donations short of our grassroots donor goal. Don’t wait to chip in!
We’ve got a BIG deadline coming up, and we need your support! We’re still about 643 donations short of our grassroots donor goal. Don’t wait to chip in!
We’ve got a BIG deadline coming up, and we need your support! We’re still about 643 donations short of our grassroots donor goal. Don’t wait to chip in!
 We’re bringing together  in Miami to cheer on outside of the first Democratic debate! RSVP to join us: 
All marriages, at their root, are about love. And four years ago, the Supreme Court affirmed that simple proposition in Obergefell v. Hodges. Thank you to the generations of LGBTQ trailblazers who refused to bend before the voices of intolerance. Your courage changed the world.
This image is gut-wrenching. The cruelty we're seeing at our border is unconscionable. History will judge how we respond to the Trump Administration’s treatment of immigrant families ; children—we can’t be silent. This isn't who we are. This is not America.
One year ago, the Supreme Court upheld Trump's Muslim ban—one of this administration's most egregious attacks on our core values. Wielding the politics of fear and intolerance by slandering entire religious communities as complicit in terrorism is wrong, and it’s not who we are.
DREAMers are Americans, and Congress needs to make it official. The millions of DREAMers and undocumented individuals in the United States can only be brought out of the shadows through fair treatment, not ugly threats.
Today, we’re launching our Team Joe Organizing Fellowship, an eight-week online training program where you’ll learn the ins-and-outs of grassroots and digital organizing.We need your help organizing communities across the country. Apply today:  
In two days, I’ll take the stage for the first Democratic debate to discuss my vision for the country. If you haven’t yet, RSVP to attend a watch party in your community today:  
We need to face the facts on climate change: it’s an existential threat and it’s already here. Few cities know that better than Miami. We must take urgent action to tackle the climate crisis today.
Add your name to call on Congress to restore the Voting Rights Act and make every American's voice equal, once and for all.  
Civil rights was one of the things that got me engaged in politics. Six years after Shelby County v. Holder, voting rights are under attack across the country. And that’s one of the reasons I’m running for president today.We must renew our efforts to protect the right to vote. 
We must secure our borders, but “build the wall” is a slogan divorced from reality. We need to focus on improving screening procedures at our legal ports of entry ; making smart investments in border technology. These policies will do more for our security than a wall ever could.
 Join  in Miami on Thursday as we cheer on outside of the first Democratic debate! RSVP at: 
 dedication to making our communities safer continues to be an inspiration. I join her in urging the Senate to vote on  We must take on the and end the epidemic of gun violence in our country. 
Thank you for a great weekend, South Carolina! 
Trump sólo está interesado en políticas que atacan la dignidad de la comunidad Latina y asustan a los votantes para que se presenten en las urnas el día de las elecciones, sin interés por abordar los desafíos reales que enfrenta nuestro hemisferio. 
It’s clear Trump is only interested in using his policies to assault the dignity of the Hispanic community and scare voters to turn out on Election Day, while not addressing the real challenges facing our hemisphere.Read my full op-ed here:
We’re bringing together supporters across the country for the first Democratic debate! Head to  to RSVP to a watch party in your community. 
  may be coming to a close, but there’s still time to get all your gear! Head to  to stock up…
The Trump Administration is arguing in the 9th Circuit that migrant children held in detention centers without soap, toothbrushes or beds are in conditions that are “safe and sanitary”.It’s an all-out assault on human dignity and our standards as a nation. We must do better.
Trump’s erratic, impulsive actions are the last thing we need as Commander-in-Chief. No president should order a military strike without fully understanding the consequences. We don’t need another war in the Middle East, but Trump’s actions toward Iran only make that more likely.
 We’re organizing  watch parties across the country for the first Democratic debate and need your help!1️⃣ Sign up to…
Planned Parenthood helps women and individuals get the health care they need — especially preventive services like cancer screenings, mammograms, checkups, and contraception.Thank you to for having me at today’s  Forum to discuss these important issues. 
I support because women and transgender individuals' health care is essential. Historically, women — and particularly women of color — have been put in a position where they cannot access health care, in a more extreme way more than any other part of the population.
It’s always great to be back at the  Thank you to and everyone who came out for a great night! 
NOW IT’S OUR TURN: When the June end of quarter deadline hits, Trump will see Joe’s list of supporters — and we want Trump to see you’ve donated to defeat him. Can you chip in today?
NOW IT’S OUR TURN: When the June end of quarter deadline hits, Trump will see Joe’s list of supporters — and we want Trump to see you’ve donated to defeat him. Can you chip in today?
NOW IT’S OUR TURN: When the June end of quarter deadline hits, Trump will see Joe’s list of supporters — and we want Trump to see you’ve donated to defeat him. Can you chip in today?
NOW IT’S OUR TURN: When the June end of quarter deadline hits, Trump will see Joe’s list of supporters — and we want Trump to see you’ve donated to defeat him. Can you chip in today?
NOW IT’S OUR TURN: When the June end of quarter deadline hits, Trump will see Joe’s list of supporters — and we want Trump to see you’ve donated to defeat him. Can you chip in today?
NOW IT’S OUR TURN: When the June end of quarter deadline hits, Trump will see Joe’s list of supporters — and we want Trump to see you’ve donated to defeat him. Can you chip in today?
That’s more in one day than any Democrat in this race has raised in 3 months. Joe wants to show Trump we can keep up. Can you chip in $5?
That’s more in one day than any Democrat in this race has raised in 3 months. Joe wants to show Trump we can keep up. Can you chip in $5?
That’s more in one day than any Democrat in this race has raised in 3 months. Joe wants to show Trump we can keep up. Can you chip in $5?
That’s more in one day than any Democrat in this race has raised in 3 months. Joe wants to show Trump we can keep up. Can you chip in $5?
That’s more in one day than any Democrat in this race has raised in 3 months. Joe wants to show Trump we can keep up. Can you chip in $5?
That’s more in one day than any Democrat in this race has raised in 3 months. Joe wants to show Trump we can keep up. Can you chip in $5?
It’s more important than ever that we hit our goal before June’s fundraising deadline. Show Trump that you’re in the fight to defeat him with your $5 donation.
It’s more important than ever that we hit our goal before June’s fundraising deadline. Show Trump that you’re in the fight to defeat him with your $5 donation.
It’s more important than ever that we hit our goal before June’s fundraising deadline. Show Trump that you’re in the fight to defeat him with your $5 donation.
It’s more important than ever that we hit our goal before June’s fundraising deadline. Show Trump that you’re in the fight to defeat him with your $5 donation.
It’s more important than ever that we hit our goal before June’s fundraising deadline. Show Trump that you’re in the fight to defeat him with your $5 donation.
It’s more important than ever that we hit our goal before June’s fundraising deadline. Show Trump that you’re in the fight to defeat him with your $5 donation.
President Trump continues to deny the scientific evidence in front of his own eyes and attack the progress we’ve made on climate change. It’s unacceptable. In a Biden Administration, we’ll turbocharge our efforts to achieve a 100% clean energy economy.
Climate change poses an existential threat to our communities, economy, national security, and environment. Our plan for a Clean Energy Revolution ; Environmental Justice will address the climate emergency ; protect our communities for generations to come. 
We have to take on the epidemic of violence against the transgender community — especially trans women of color. Ten trans women have been killed violently in 2019 so far.We must stand up, speak out, and put an end to this hate. 
DEBATE NIGHT IS ALMOST HERE! We want Joe to have supporters watching from across the country. Will you sign on to show your support before Joe hits the stage?
DEBATE NIGHT IS ALMOST HERE! We want Joe to have supporters watching from across the country. Will you sign on to show your support before Joe hits the stage?
On June 27th, Joe will take part in the Democratic debates. We want him to know that he has supporters backing him all over the country. Will you let Joe know you’re rooting for him?
On June 27th, Joe will take part in the Democratic debates. We want him to know that he has supporters backing him all over the country. Will you let Joe know you’re rooting for him?
On June 27th, Joe will take part in the Democratic debates. We want him to know that he has supporters backing him all over the country. Will you let Joe know you’re rooting for him?
DEBATE NIGHT IS ALMOST HERE! We want Joe to have supporters watching from across the country. Will you sign on to show your support before Joe hits the stage?
DEBATE NIGHT IS ALMOST HERE! We want Joe to have supporters watching from across the country. Will you sign on to show your support before Joe hits the stage?
On June 27th, Joe will take part in the Democratic debates. We want him to know that he has supporters backing him all over the country. Will you let Joe know you’re rooting for him?
On June 27th, Joe will take part in the Democratic debates. We want him to know that he has supporters backing him all over the country. Will you let Joe know you’re rooting for him?
DEBATE NIGHT IS ALMOST HERE! We want Joe to have supporters watching from across the country. Will you sign on to show your support before Joe hits the stage?
DEBATE NIGHT IS ALMOST HERE! We want Joe to have supporters watching from across the country. Will you sign on to show your support before Joe hits the stage?
On June 27th, Joe will take part in the Democratic debates. We want him to know that he has supporters backing him all over the country. Will you let Joe know you’re rooting for him?
On June 27th, Joe will take part in the Democratic debates. We want him to know that he has supporters backing him all over the country. Will you let Joe know you’re rooting for him?
DEBATE NIGHT IS ALMOST HERE! We want Joe to have supporters watching from across the country. Will you sign on to show your support before Joe hits the stage?
DEBATE NIGHT IS ALMOST HERE! We want Joe to have supporters watching from across the country. Will you sign on to show your support before Joe hits the stage?
On June 27th, Joe will take part in the Democratic debates. We want him to know that he has supporters backing him all over the country. Will you let Joe know you’re rooting for him?
On June 27th, Joe will take part in the Democratic debates. We want him to know that he has supporters backing him all over the country. Will you let Joe know you’re rooting for him?
 Big News: 11 mayors from across South Carolina just endorsed ahead of this weekend’s Convention! We’re excited…
This month marks 50 years since a movement was born on Christopher Street — a movement that has delivered so much acceptance ; hope ; pride for the LGBTQ community. I stopped by to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the uprising that changed our world forever. 
 📣 Calling all members of  in South Carolina 📣Join us this weekend as we cheer on at the Convention a…
What we need is presidential leadership that will take strategic action to counter the Iranian threat, restore America's standing in the world, recognize the value of principled diplomacy, and strengthen our nation and our security by working strategically with our allies.
Make no mistake: Iran continues to be a bad actor that abuses human rights and supports terrorist activities throughout the region.
It’s sadly ironic that the State Department is now calling on Iran to abide by the very deal the Trump Administration abandoned.By walking away from diplomacy, Trump has made military conflict more likely. Another war in the Middle East is the last thing we need.
But they’ve only gotten more aggressive. Trump also promised that walking away would somehow lead to a better deal – instead, the predictable has happened: Iran is building back up its nuclear capability.
He unilaterally withdrew from the hard-won nuclear agreement that the Obama-Biden Administration negotiated to stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. Trump promised that abandoning the deal and imposing sanctions would stop Iran’s aggression in the region.
President Trump's Iran strategy is a self-inflicted disaster. Two of America's vital interests in the Middle East are preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon and securing a stable energy supply through the Strait of Hormuz. Trump is failing on both counts.
As we recognize Juneteenth and the progress we’ve made since slavery, we must also double down on our efforts to root out systemic racism. We have to make sure we’re working to move closer to that more perfect union, to the idea of America that has inspired so many generations.
America was founded on the ideals of equality, equity, ; fairness—but has failed to live up to that promise for all people. In 2019, the unemployment rate for black people is almost twice that of white people. Children born poor are twice as likely to stay poor if they’re black.
Trump’s policies appear intentionally designed to aggravate the situation to scare Americans into re-electing him. Cutting off aid to Central America will increase migration to our Southern border, not reduce it.
President Trump threatening the mass deportation of immigrants is cruel and un-American. We can fix our broken immigration system and enforce our laws without tossing aside our values. 
This is truly the most important election of our lifetime. If we want to defeat Donald Trump, it’s going to take everyone stepping up, speaking out, and taking action.Join our team today and let’s get to work: 
Trump’s response to Charlottesville two years ago was abhorrent, but it’s not just that. It’s happening every day. Separating children from their parents at the border. Attacking women's rights. Rolling back LGBTQ protections. We’re better than this.
Trump continues to undermine our standing in the world.Our core values of inclusivity, diversity, respect for the rule of law, freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and freedom of religion are under attack here at home and abroad.
Just look at his tax plan.As president, Biden will reverse Trump’s tax cuts for the super wealthy. It’s time we reward work, not just wealth.
Let’s be clear: President Trump inherited a growing economy from the Obama-Biden administration. And now, he’s in the process of squandering it.
Hey there - here. President Trump dismisses everything he doesn’t want to hear as “FAKE NEWS” -- so as he announces his re-election, we want to make sure you have the real facts on his record:
For all the hard-won progress, for as much as we can celebrate how much better things have gotten — this fight is not over.We have to come together to stand up to abuses of power, ensure that everyone is treated with dignity, and fight for full equality. 
Stopped by to celebrate  ;  where the movement began 50 years ago. 
It’s past time for a $15 minimum wage. 
I’ll be taking the stage at 9PM ET on June 27 for the first Democratic debate!We’re organizing debate watch parties in every corner of the country for the big night and need your help. Sign up to host one in your community: 
This weekend, I’m heading to South Carolina for the Convention and world-famous  RSVP to come out and join us: 
Want a free trip to the first Democratic debate in Miami? We’ll arrange the details -- including FREE airfare, FREE hotel stay and FREE transportation. All we need is you! Don’t wait - entry closes on WEDNESDAY! No contribution necessary. Full rules avail. on registration page.
Want a free trip to the first Democratic debate in Miami? We’ll arrange the details -- including FREE airfare, FREE hotel stay and FREE transportation. All we need is you! Don’t wait - entry closes on WEDNESDAY! No contribution necessary. Full rules avail. on registration page.
Want to cheer Joe on in person? We’re offering one lucky winner a FREE trip for two to Miami, and tickets to the Democratic debate! Don’t wait, entry closes Wednesday! No contribution necessary. Full rules avail. on registration page.
Want to cheer Joe on in person? We’re offering one lucky winner a FREE trip for two to Miami, and tickets to the Democratic debate! Don’t wait, entry closes Wednesday! No contribution necessary. Full rules avail. on registration page.
As a top Democrat, you’ve been selected by the Biden for President campaign to share your top priorities with Joe! We need your answers by midnight tonight, so don’t delay. Click below to begin the survey:
Under President Trump’s policies, a four-month-old was separated from his family at the border. It’s unconscionable and fundamentally at odds with everything our nation stands for.America is better than this. 
 This week, is hitting the campaign trail and heading to New Hampshire! RSVP at  to join us in…
Happy anniversary to the love of my life and the life of my love, I’m forever grateful you agreed to spend the rest of your life with me. I love you, Jilly! 
It will also include premium-free access to this public option for people who would otherwise qualify for Medicaid, but have been denied access to it by governors and state legislatures who have refused the Affordable Care Act's Medicaid expansion.
Lastly, I discussed how my health care plan will include access to a Medicare-like public option for anyone who wants it.
I declared that we have to do everything we can to protect the most sacred, fundamental right we have: the right to vote.
I discussed how in a Biden Administration, we’ll support teachers and ensure every kid has access to a quality education. Because in America, no child’s future should be determined by their zip code, parents’ income, race, or disability. 
I talked about how the greatest sin is the abuse of power — whether economic, or physical, or social. And, it’s our duty to fight back against those who would abuse it.That starts with access to a real living wage — a $15 minimum wage.
I was honored to join and at today’s  Presidential Forum.
Today, I took pledge to support  For too long, gerrymandering has allowed politicians to pick who they represent. That’s wrong. I’m committed to fair redistricting where elected officials are accountable to those they represent.
Four years ago, a white supremacist walked into "Mother Emanuel" and gunned down nine brave souls, including my friend Clementa Pinckney. It's not enough to remember them. We have to fight for them. We are in a battle for the soul of this nation.
7 years ago, and I offered security to DREAMers, young people brought here as kids who only know America as home. Trump is trying to break our country's promise to them ; continues to threaten their status.DREAMers are Americans. It’s time we kept our word to them.
Good luck to the as they take on Chile! As we cheer them on in the World Cup, we must support their fight off the field for equal pay. In 2019, it’s past time we close the pay gap and ensure women get paid as much as men.  
As my father believed, there’s no higher calling for a woman or a man than to be a good mother or a good father. Happy Father’s Day to all the dads out there who work every day to help raise their children—and all our children—to be honorable, generous, kind young men and women. 
This country wasn’t built by Wall Street bankers, CEOs, or hedge fund managers. It was built by the American middle class. It’s time we recognize that.We’ve got to build an economy and a tax code that rewards work, not just wealth.
In America, no child’s future should be determined by their zip code, parents’ income, race, or disability. In a Biden Administration, we’ll invest in our students, schools, and educators to ensure every kid gets a fair shot.Read the plan here: 
 We just got big news: will appear onstage for the second night of Democratic debates on Thursday, June 27th!To cel…
The extraordinary bravery shown by hundreds of thousands in Hong Kong, marching for the civil liberties ; autonomy promised by China is inspiring. And the world is watching. All of us must stand in support of democratic principles and freedom.
This is simple. No candidate running for office should help foreign governments undermine our democracy. That includes the sitting President of the United States. Our elections should be decided by the American people — not Vladimir Putin.
Donald Trump doesn’t think it matters if candidates accept damaging intel on their opponent from a foreign government. He’s dead wrong.That’s why I’m signing the Pledge for Election Integrity. I refuse to help those who seek to undermine our democracy.  
Every worker in this country deserves the dignity that comes with fair wages and benefits — and the right to collectively bargain. I’m proud to stand with Detroit security officers today as they fight for a $15 minimum wage and union rights. 
Had great pancakes and great conversation at Tasty Cafe in Eldridge before heading to Clinton Community College for our final event this trip. Thank you for a great few days, Iowa! 
I have nothing against Amazon, but no company pulling in billions of dollars of profits should pay a lower tax rate than firefighters and teachers. We need to reward work, not just wealth. 
President Trump is once again welcoming foreign interference in our elections. This isn’t about politics. It is a threat to our national security. An American President should not seek their aid and abet those who seek to undermine democracy.
We had a great day in Iowa talking about how we rebuild the backbone of our country — the middle class. Thank you to everyone who came out to join us! 
Today in 1967, the Supreme Court struck down interracial marriage bans in Loving v. Virginia—a decision that inched us closer to our founding ideals of equality, equity, ; fairness.The decision reminds us progress doesn’t happen on its own—every generation has to fight for it.
Our 9/11 first responders represent the best of our country — selflessly rushing into danger to save others. We owe them so much, and the least we can do is provide the health care and benefits they deserve. Thank you, Jon Stewart, for continuing to have their backs. 
Prayers are not enough to end these senseless mass shootings. This violence is not normal. As a country, we have a moral obligation to do everything in our power to stop the gun violence epidemic.
Three years later, the horrific attack on Pulse Nightclub still shakes our nation to the core. A night that should have been a celebration of love and life was cut short by unspeakable terror. Today, we remember those we lost — including so many in the LGBTQ community. 
President Trump thinks his tariffs are being paid by China. Just like he thinks Mexico is building the wall.
Tomorrow, we’re heading to Clinton, Iowa, and hope to see you there! RSVP at  and spread the word to family and friends.
As a top Democrat, Joe Biden wants to hear from you! Don’t miss this chance to share your priorities for 2020 with the Biden campaign. We need just 300 more responses! Click here to begin the survey:
As a top Democrat, Joe Biden wants to hear from you! Don’t miss this chance to share your priorities for 2020 with the Biden campaign. We need just 300 more responses! Click here to begin the survey:
As a top Democrat, Joe Biden wants to hear from you! Don’t miss this chance to share your priorities for 2020 with the Biden campaign. We need just 300 more responses! Click here to begin the survey:
As a top Democrat, Joe Biden wants to hear from you! Don’t miss this chance to share your priorities for 2020 with the Biden campaign. We need just 300 more responses! Click here to begin the survey:
As a top Democrat, Joe Biden wants to hear from you! Don’t miss this chance to share your priorities for 2020 with the Biden campaign. We need just 300 more responses! Click here to begin the survey:
As a top Democrat, Joe Biden wants to hear from you! Don’t miss this chance to share your priorities for 2020 with the Biden campaign. We need just 300 more responses! Click here to begin the survey:
President Trump is bringing his secret one page agreement with Mexico to Iowa. The Iowans being crushed by his tariffs would like to see it.
Joe Biden wants to know what YOUR priorities are for 2020. Don’t miss the chance to tell the campaign what matters most to you. We need 300 responses by MIDNIGHT and we want to hear from you! Click here to start your survey:
Joe Biden wants to know what YOUR priorities are for 2020. Don’t miss the chance to tell the campaign what matters most to you. We need 300 responses by MIDNIGHT and we want to hear from you! Click here to start your survey:
Joe Biden wants to know what YOUR priorities are for 2020. Don’t miss the chance to tell the campaign what matters most to you. We need 300 responses by MIDNIGHT and we want to hear from you! Click here to start your survey:
Joe Biden wants to know what YOUR priorities are for 2020. Don’t miss the chance to tell the campaign what matters most to you. We need 300 responses by MIDNIGHT and we want to hear from you! Click here to start your survey:
Joe Biden wants to know what YOUR priorities are for 2020. Don’t miss the chance to tell the campaign what matters most to you. We need 300 responses by MIDNIGHT and we want to hear from you! Click here to start your survey:
Joe Biden wants to know what YOUR priorities are for 2020. Don’t miss the chance to tell the campaign what matters most to you. We need 300 responses by MIDNIGHT and we want to hear from you! Click here to start your survey:
As a top Democrat, Joe Biden wants to hear from you! Don’t miss this chance to share your priorities for 2020 with the Biden campaign. We need just 300 more responses by MIDNIGHT TONIGHT! Click here to begin the survey:
As a top Democrat, Joe Biden wants to hear from you! Don’t miss this chance to share your priorities for 2020 with the Biden campaign. We need just 300 more responses by MIDNIGHT TONIGHT! Click here to begin the survey:
As a top Democrat, Joe Biden wants to hear from you! Don’t miss this chance to share your priorities for 2020 with the Biden campaign. We need just 300 more responses by MIDNIGHT TONIGHT! Click here to begin the survey:
As a top Democrat, Joe Biden wants to hear from you! Don’t miss this chance to share your priorities for 2020 with the Biden campaign. We need just 300 more responses by MIDNIGHT TONIGHT! Click here to begin the survey:
As a top Democrat, Joe Biden wants to hear from you! Don’t miss this chance to share your priorities for 2020 with the Biden campaign. We need just 300 more responses by MIDNIGHT TONIGHT! Click here to begin the survey:
As a top Democrat, Joe Biden wants to hear from you! Don’t miss this chance to share your priorities for 2020 with the Biden campaign. We need just 300 more responses by MIDNIGHT TONIGHT! Click here to begin the survey:
Good luck to the as they kick off their first game of the Women’s World Cup. and I will be rooting for you! We have no doubt you’ll make our country proud.  
 Today is Election Day in Virginia! It’s up to all of us to make our voices heard and vote in every election. So find your po…
Thank you for following along this afternoon! Follow to keep up with everything happening on the campaign. 
We can’t afford four more years of an administration that gambles with the livelihoods of American families. Working families deserve a president who is fighting for them. 
Trump doesn’t get the basics. He thinks his tariffs are being paid by China. Any freshman econ student could tell you that the American people are paying his tariffs.The cashiers at Target see what’s going on – they know more about economics than Trump. 
He thinks he’s being tough. Well, it’s easy to be tough when someone else is feeling the pain. How many farmers across Iowa and across this nation are facing the prospect of losing their business, of losing their farm because of Trump’s tariffs? 
Tune in here: 
When it comes to President Trump’s tariff war with China, one thing is clear: America’s farmers and manufacturers are getting crushed – no one knows that better than Iowa. To Trump, the people getting hurt are just pawns in his game. 
Hey everyone, here. We’re taking over to keep you in the loop on our event in Ottumwa, Iowa. Stay tuned! 
I'm headed to eastern Iowa this week to talk with voters about our vision for the future. Head to  to RSVP to an event in your community.
It was great to be back in Atlanta! Thank you to Mayor for showing me around town and for your work expanding opportunity to every corner of the city. 
President Trump’s decision to abandon the  wasn't just reckless—it abdicated our leadership on the world stage and threatened the future of our planet. On day one, I’ll rejoin the Agreement and rally the world to push our progress further. 
Jill ; I were thrilled to be there today to watch our amazing granddaughter Maisy graduate. Maisy, you make us so proud ; we can’t wait to see what you do next with your talent, smarts, dedication and kindness. The future is yours, and Nana ; Pop will always be right behind you. 
As president, I’ll lead America to become the world’s clean energy superpower. 
Happy birthday to one of the strongest people Jill and I know, You are an inspiration to so many people. Your courage and your advocacy have made our country a better place.
Happy  to my friend, 
The Bidens are celebrating my daughter Ashley’s birthday today. and I are so proud of everything she has accomplished and can’t wait to see what she achieves in the years ahead. 
Across America, mayors are stepping up and leading the way on combating climate change. Thank you to for showing me the innovative work Boston is doing to protect the city from rising sea levels and increased flooding. 
Iowa, we’re heading your way next week and hope to see you there! Go to  to RSVP to an event in your community.
Make no mistake, how we act in the next 12 years will determine the very livability of our planet. We’ll make the largest investment in American history to tackle the climate emergency head on and protect our planet for future generations. 
This campaign is about listening to communities and working with them to find solutions to the issues on their minds. Yesterday we held a roundtable to do just that.Thank you to everyone who shared their stories with me in Atlanta. 
I know how to beat the NRA because I’ve done it before - twice. I shepherded through the passage of the Brady background check bill in 1993, and bans on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines in 1994. As president, I will defeat the NRA again.
We can’t let a special interest group dictate the safety of the rest of the country. That’s why defeating the NRA is a key element of our education policy we introduced last week.
We will be rolling out policies to reduce gun violence in the coming months, but it’s clear we need to: - Close the loophole that allows individuals to buy guns online or at gun shows without a background check.- Ban the sale of assault weapons and high-capacity magazines.
There are actions that Congress can take right now if they were to listen to the majority of the American people who want to see our government take action to stop gun violence.
We don't need to convince the American public that common-sense measures to reduce gun violence are a good idea. 2 in 3 people believe that we need stricter gun laws.
This is politics at its worst. We should all feel safe to walk the streets of our own cities and towns. Our workers should feel safe at work. Our students should always feel safe at school.
We need action. But the NRA and gun manufacturers have such a firm grip on Republicans in Congress that they refuse to consider common-sense gun reforms.
Today is  Our team, and people across the country, are wearing orange in remembrance of the countless lives that have been cut short by senseless acts of gun violence in America.
Women’s rights and health care are under assault in a way that seeks to roll back every step of progress we’ve made over the last 50 years. If I believe health care is a right, as I do, I can no longer support an amendment that makes that right dependent on someone’s zip code.
Today, we honor all those who answered duty’s call on June 6, 1944, not only in memorials and remembrances, but in recommitting ourselves to the urgent task of defending those values for which they fought and so many died.
Their valor cemented in history their place of honor and it planted the seeds of what would grow to become the greatest military alliance in the history of the world—one that would preserve the peace and extend the hard won gains of democracy for their children and grandchildren.
We will never forget what the conviction and mettle of those young patriots achieved—for all of us.
With uncommon courage and unfailing honor, Allied forces claimed the first few feet in the drive to turn back an empire born of hatred and prevent it from consuming Europe. They did it not for personal posterity or political gain, but simply because there was no other choice.
75 years ago, far from home, on those bloody beachheads of Normandy, thousands of brave young Americans risked everything to prove that freedom, justice, and democracy would never bend before the forces of fascism and intolerance.
 Thank you VP Biden for visiting Martin's Park to learn more about Climate Ready Boston, our initiative to prepare for the…
We can’t afford four more years of President Trump attacking the progress we’ve made on climate change. On day one as president, I’ll take the bold action necessary to tackle this crisis head on. 
We had a great few days on the campaign trail in New Hampshire. Thank you to everyone who came out to join us! I look forward to being back soon. 
 It was such a pleasure to meet some amazing educators in Rock Hill at Taylor's Soul Food ; Kitchen. Our best policies don’t co…
Spent yesterday afternoon in Plymouth, NH, discussing how we build our Clean Energy Revolution. Under our bold new plan, the United States will be a 100% clean-energy economy with net-zero emissions by 2050.Read more here:  
As the sun sets around the world, Jill and I want to extend our warmest wishes to those marking the end of Ramadan. May your celebrations be filled with family and joy. 
Estamos enfrentando una emergencia climática y debemos tomar medidas drásticas ya. Por eso, hoy, estoy anunciando mi plan para una Revolución de Energía Limpia y Justicia Ambiental. 
China’s continuing oppression of its own people, especially the abuse and internment of more than one million Uyghurs, is one of the worst human rights crises in the world today. It can’t be ignored. Human rights must be at the core—not periphery—of our engagement in the world.
Today is the anniversary of China's brutal crackdown in Tiananmen Square. Authorities tried to stop peaceful calls for political change with rifles ; tanks. The courage of the Tiananmen generation hasn't been silenced ; still inspires the fight for freedom and justice worldwide.
Making these revolutionary changes is going to take an incredible commitment at all levels, but I know we can meet this challenge.Because this is what America does best—solving big problems, with big ideas. If you agree, please sign your name here: 
We need to dramatically accelerate our worldwide effort to meet the intensity of the challenge we face. I hope you'll read my full plan to tackle the climate emergency and environmental injustices: 
I will rejoin the Paris Climate Accord on Day One. But that’s not sufficient.I’ll immediately get to work leading a diplomatic initiative to get every nation to go beyond their initial commitment—to push our progress further, and faster. 
We’ll hold polluters accountable for the damage they've caused—particularly in low-income communities and communities of color. 
This initiative will create new, good-paying jobs all across the clean economy in the United States of America. It’s an enormous opportunity. 
We’re going to make record-breaking investments in research and development and zero-carbon technologies so that America is the engine of the world’s clean economy.The United States will be a 100% clean-energy economy with net-zero emissions by 2050. 
Science tells us that how we act, or fail to act, in the next 12 years will determine the very livability of our planet. As president, I will use every authority available to me to drive progress.I will accept no half-measures.
Today, President Trump denies the evidence in front of his own eyes, hides climate science produced by his own administration, and actively works to roll back what progress we have already made.It’s reckless, it’s irresponsible, and it’s unacceptable. 
We are in a climate emergency and we must take drastic action now to address it. So today, I’m announcing my plan for a Clean Energy Revolution and Environmental Justice. 
Climate change poses an existential threat to every person on the planet. That’s why Joe Biden just announced his aggressive plan to launch a Clean Energy Revolution. Add your name to tell Trump to take action on the climate crisis NOW. And if he doesn't, we will ➡️
Climate change poses an existential threat to every person on the planet. That’s why Joe Biden just announced his aggressive plan to launch a Clean Energy Revolution. Add your name to tell Trump to take action on the climate crisis NOW. And if he doesn't, we will ➡️
Climate change poses an existential threat to every person on the planet. That’s why Joe Biden just announced his aggressive plan to launch a Clean Energy Revolution. Add your name to tell Trump to take action on the climate crisis NOW. And if he doesn't, we will ➡️
Climate change poses an existential threat to every person on the planet. That’s why Joe Biden just announced his aggressive plan to launch a Clean Energy Revolution. Add your name to tell Trump to take action on the climate crisis NOW. And if he doesn't, we will ➡️
By ignoring climate science, Trump is ignoring an existential threat. Agree? Help us get 10,000 signatures backing up Joe Biden’s plan for a Clean Energy Revolution:
By ignoring climate science, Trump is ignoring an existential threat. Agree? Help us get 10,000 signatures backing up Joe Biden’s plan for a Clean Energy Revolution:
By ignoring climate science, Trump is ignoring an existential threat. Agree? Help us get 10,000 signatures backing up Joe Biden’s plan for a Clean Energy Revolution:
By ignoring climate science, Trump is ignoring an existential threat. Agree? Help us get 10,000 signatures backing up Joe Biden’s plan for a Clean Energy Revolution:
Joe Biden just proposed the largest EVER investment to fight climate change. We need 10,000 signatures to show Trump and the Republicans we need drastic action like this NOW. Add your name ➡️
Joe Biden just proposed the largest EVER investment to fight climate change. We need 10,000 signatures to show Trump and the Republicans we need drastic action like this NOW. Add your name ➡️
Joe Biden just proposed the largest EVER investment to fight climate change. We need 10,000 signatures to show Trump and the Republicans we need drastic action like this NOW. Add your name ➡️
Joe Biden just proposed the largest EVER investment to fight climate change. We need 10,000 signatures to show Trump and the Republicans we need drastic action like this NOW. Add your name ➡️
We have a major problem with educational inequality and we need to tackle it head on. In a Biden Administration, we’ll triple Title I funding — creating a historic investment in schools serving a high proportion of children from low-income families. 
 Big news! is headed to New Hampshire! RSVP to join him and the rest of  in Berlin and Concord this week. ht…
Happy birthday to the love of my life and the life of my love, Jilly, I love you. 
I’m looking forward to traveling to New Hampshire this week to talk to voters about my plans for our country. RSVP to join us in Berlin or Concord today: 
Thank you for having me tonight in Columbus. At a time when we’re seeing the forces of hate and intolerance push back on the progress we’ve made, your courage and grit gives me hope. I will always stand beside you as we fight for equality. 
 WATCH LIVE: Vice President delivers remarks at the 2019 Columbus Dinner. 
Gun violence occurs every day across America. Enough is enough.Not every life lost makes national headlines, but it's just as painful for those left behind. This is an epidemic plaguing our communities ; destroying our children’s futures. We must act now. 
Pride is about standing up to the voices of injustice and discrimination and declaring that everyone has the right to live proud, open, and free. It's about love. We join the LGBTQ community in celebration and remember the fight is not over. We march on. Happy 
11 innocent lives cut down. 11 more futures denied. When will we finally say enough is enough? It’s long past time to hold our leaders accountable. Jill and I are heartbroken that more American families are suffering tonight in Virginia Beach.
America’s teachers have been forced to make ends meet with too little pay and too few resources. That changes with a Biden Administration. We’ll finally support our educators with the pay and dignity they deserve. 
One in five children experience mental health challenges, but too many don’t get help. My plan doubles the number of mental health professionals in schools to ensure every student gets the support they need.Read the full plan here:  
Every day, we’re witnessing the Trump Administration attack the hard fought progress made by the LGBTQ community. We can't go backwards. It's up to all of us to stand up to these injustices. I'm looking forward to joining tomorrow to talk about the work that remains. 
Thad Cochran was a friend and a true patriot in every sense of the word. Jill and I are sending our condolences to Thad’s family, he will be sorely missed.
Jill and I were honored to join today’s Memorial Day service in Delaware. We must remember the brave women and men — and their families — who gave everything in service to our nation. 
 Thank you from me, Jill, ; all the Bidens for your kind remembrance of Beau today. My dad used to say that you know you are a success as a parent when you turn ; look at your child ; realize they turned out better than you — I'm so proud of the man Beau became.
We’ve got to invest in every child — regardless of zip code or race or parents' income. In a Biden Administration, we’ll provide high-quality, universal pre-K for all three- and four-year-olds to ensure every kid gets a fair shot.Read the full plan:  
South Carolina would be lucky to have representing them in the Senate. He has the character, intelligence, and integrity needed to serve his community well. I hope you'll  
Our motivated students make me believe America’s best days are still ahead. Thank you to Mayor and for a great afternoon. 
 Thanks to special guest for joining me to send off our to their jobs this summer 
We had a great first day in Texas! Thank you to and for the discussion on how we improve our education system. It's time we increase teacher pay and ensure that no child’s future is determined by their zip code, parents’ income, race, or disability. 
 Our best policies don’t come from politics, they come from classrooms. There is nothing more critical to the future of this c…
There is no doubt in my mind that if we take these steps, no nation on earth will be able to match the United States of America.To read more about our plan, head to 
Our children are our future, it’s time we start investing in them from birth. 
It’s our responsibility to provide every middle and high school student a path to a successful career. 
In America, no child’s future should be determined by their zip code, parents’ income, race, or disability. 
We must invest in our public schools so students can grow into healthy adults and educators can focus on teaching. 
It’s time we give our educators the pay and dignity they deserve. 
Our plan will increase teacher pay and provide them with the support they deserve. We’ll invest in all children from birth, so that regardless of their zip code, parents’ income, race, or disability they are prepared to succeed in tomorrow’s economy.
 WE’RE LIVE! Watch the  town hall with former Vice President and members now. 📺: 
I’ve seen firsthand how hard teachers work with little support and few resources. We’ve got to do better. That’s why today, surrounded by America’s teachers, we laid out our plan for educators, students, and our future:  
Teachers like Ronniece are not only educating our children — they’re building the future of our country. 
Every  Jill and I remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice in service of our nation. Our troops are the heart, soul, ; spine of America—may we never fail to honor the memory of those who have fallen and ensure their spirit lives on in both our words and deeds.
Everybody knows who Donald Trump is, we have to let them know who we are. We choose hope over fear. Truth over lies. And unity over division. 
I’m running to offer our country a different path. Not back to a past that never was, but to a future that lives up to our founding ideals and fulfills our true promise as a country. If you’re with me, join our campaign today: 
Across the country, too many families are being left behind. We’ve got to rebuild an inclusive middle class where everybody — regardless of race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability — gets a fair shot. 
With so much happening on the campaign, we want to make sure you’re up-to-date on the latest news. Text JOIN right now to 30330 to make sure you don’t miss a thing!
Let me make one thing clear, the promise of this nation will not be extinguished on my watch. 
Trump’s tax cuts mostly benefit the super wealthy, while the middle class is under attack. We need to reward work, not just wealth. Take our quick survey if you agree:
Trump’s tax cuts mostly benefit the super wealthy, while the middle class is under attack. We need to reward work, not just wealth. Take our quick survey if you agree:
Trump’s tax cuts mostly benefit the super wealthy, while the middle class is under attack. We need to reward work, not just wealth. Take our quick survey if you agree:
This country wasn’t built by bankers, CEOs, or hedge fund managers -- but they are the ones benefiting the most from Trump’s tax cuts. That’s not right! We need to be rewarding work, not just wealth. Take our survey if you agree:
This country wasn’t built by bankers, CEOs, or hedge fund managers -- but they are the ones benefiting the most from Trump’s tax cuts. That’s not right! We need to be rewarding work, not just wealth. Take our survey if you agree:
This country wasn’t built by bankers, CEOs, or hedge fund managers -- but they are the ones benefiting the most from Trump’s tax cuts. That’s not right! We need to be rewarding work, not just wealth. Take our survey if you agree:
This country wasn’t built by bankers, CEOs, or hedge fund managers -- but they are the ones benefiting the most from Trump’s tax cuts. That’s not right! We need to be rewarding work, not just wealth. Add your name if you agree:
This country wasn’t built by bankers, CEOs, or hedge fund managers -- but they are the ones benefiting the most from Trump’s tax cuts. That’s not right! We need to be rewarding work, not just wealth. Add your name if you agree:
Trump’s tax cuts mostly benefit the super wealthy, while the middle class is under attack. We need to reward work, not just wealth. Add your name if you agree:
Trump’s tax cuts mostly benefit the super wealthy, while the middle class is under attack. We need to reward work, not just wealth. Add your name if you agree:
Trump’s tax cuts mostly benefit the super wealthy, while the middle class is under attack. We need to reward work, not just wealth. Add your name if you agree:
This country wasn’t built by bankers, CEOs, or hedge fund managers -- but they are the ones benefiting the most from Trump’s tax cuts. That’s not right! We need to be rewarding work, not just wealth. Add your name if you agree:
Trump’s tax cuts mostly benefit the super wealthy, while the middle class is under attack. We need to reward work, not just wealth. Take our quick survey if you agree:
Trump’s tax cuts mostly benefit the super wealthy, while the middle class is under attack. We need to reward work, not just wealth. Take our quick survey if you agree:
Trump’s tax cuts mostly benefit the super wealthy, while the middle class is under attack. We need to reward work, not just wealth. Take our quick survey if you agree:
Trump’s tax cuts mostly benefit the super wealthy, while the middle class is under attack. We need to reward work, not just wealth. Take our quick survey if you agree:
Trump’s tax cuts mostly benefit the super wealthy, while the middle class is under attack. We need to reward work, not just wealth. Take our quick survey if you agree:
Trump’s tax cuts mostly benefit the super wealthy, while the middle class is under attack. We need to reward work, not just wealth. Take our quick survey if you agree:
This country wasn’t built by bankers, CEOs, or hedge fund managers -- but they are the ones benefiting the most from Trump’s tax cuts. That’s not right! We need to be rewarding work, not just wealth. Take our survey if you agree:
This country wasn’t built by bankers, CEOs, or hedge fund managers -- but they are the ones benefiting the most from Trump’s tax cuts. That’s not right! We need to be rewarding work, not just wealth. Take our survey if you agree:
This country wasn’t built by bankers, CEOs, or hedge fund managers -- but they are the ones benefiting the most from Trump’s tax cuts. That’s not right! We need to be rewarding work, not just wealth. Take our survey if you agree:
I can promise you this: I will do whatever it takes to make progress on the issues that matter most. 
 From tanks to tees —  has got you covered for all things  Head to  to find everything yo…
I know how to make government work — not because I’ve talked or tweeted about it. But because I’ve done it. 
 Again and again people have said to me, “Joe is the one who can move us forward—Joe is the one who can bring us together. We n…
I’m proud to stand with and workers across the country today in the  We must restore the dignity of work and ensure everyone’s treated with respect. That starts with raising the minimum wage to $15, strengthening our unions, and creating safe work environments. 
Over the last year, six children have tragically died in US custody at the border. It’s unacceptable. It’s not who we are. And silence is complicity. It’s on all of us to stand up and speak out. America is a nation of immigrants. We must guarantee everyone's treated with dignity.
On Saturday, we officially kicked off our campaign in Philadelphia — the city that brought our nation together over 200 years ago. I’m running for president to unite our country, because when we come together and act as one America there’s nothing we can’t accomplish. 
In the 25 years since we passed the Violence Against Women Act, we’ve made great strides in protecting women from abuse. But the latest reauthorization is being held up by the It’s outrageous. This shouldn’t be a partisan issue—the Senate should pass the  immediately.
Our politics today has become so mean and petty — it traffics in division and our president is the divider in chief. This is not who we are. 
A super PAC can write a big check to sway an election -- and that’s EXACTLY what the Trump campaign is benefiting from. Let us know if you agree: Let’s keep super PACs and dark money groups from pouring money into our elections.
A super PAC can write a big check to sway an election -- and that’s EXACTLY what the Trump campaign is benefiting from. Let us know if you agree: Let’s keep super PACs and dark money groups from pouring money into our elections.
A super PAC can write a big check to sway an election -- and that’s EXACTLY what the Trump campaign is benefiting from. Let us know if you agree: Let’s keep super PACs and dark money groups from pouring money into our elections.
A super PAC can write a big check to sway an election -- and that’s EXACTLY what the Trump campaign is benefiting from. Let us know if you agree: Let’s keep super PACs and dark money groups from pouring money into our elections.
A super PAC can write a big check to sway an election -- and that’s EXACTLY what the Trump campaign is benefiting from. Let us know if you agree: Let’s keep super PACs and dark money groups from pouring money into our elections.
A super PAC can write a big check to sway an election -- and that’s EXACTLY what the Trump campaign is benefiting from. Let us know if you agree: Let’s keep super PACs and dark money groups from pouring money into our elections.
A super PAC can write a big check to sway an election -- and that’s EXACTLY what the Trump campaign is benefiting from. Let us know if you agree: Let’s keep super PACs and dark money groups from pouring money into our elections.
A super PAC can write a big check to sway an election -- and that’s EXACTLY what the Trump campaign is benefiting from. Let us know if you agree: Let’s keep super PACs and dark money groups from pouring money into our elections.
A super PAC can write a big check to sway an election -- and that’s EXACTLY what the Trump campaign is benefiting from. Let us know if you agree: Let’s keep super PACs and dark money groups from pouring money into our elections.
We were born of an idea that every single person — no matter where they come from — can achieve anything if they work at it. 
That’s why I’ve spent my whole career fighting — and I will continue to fight — like hell so that no one ever has to make that walk again.If you’re with me, I hope you'll join my campaign and chip in what you can: 
My dad had to make that walk in Scranton, Pennsylvania. It wasn’t until I was older that I realized how hard it must have been for him.But he was not alone. This story isn’t unique to the Bidens. Too many people around this country have had to make that walk.
And he doesn’t understand that the longest walk a parent can make is up a short flight of stairs to their child’s bedroom to say, honey, I'm sorry. We have to move. You can’t go back to your school. You won’t see your friends because Daddy or Mommy lost their job.
Trump doesn’t understand the struggles working folks go through. He doesn’t understand what it’s like to worry you will lose the roof over your head. He doesn’t understand what it’s like to wonder if you’ll be able to put food on the table.
Yesterday, Trump tried to attack me at his campaign rally by saying I abandoned Pennsylvania.I’ve never forgotten where I came from. My family did have to leave Pennsylvania when I was 10 — we moved to Delaware where my Dad found a job that could provide for our family.
States across the nation are passing extreme laws that violate a woman’s constitutional right to choose. These bills are a blatant attempt to overturn Roe v Wade. It's wrong. It's pernicious. We must  and ensure this choice remains between a woman and her doctor. 
Thank you to everyone who joined us in Philadelphia, attended watch parties in all 50 states and Puerto Rico, and tuned in across the nation. We're just getting started. I know if we work together, there's nothing we can't do. Sign up to join us:  
Thanks so much for following along this afternoon! Follow to stay up-to-date on everything happening on the campaign.  signing off!
It’s time we pick our heads up, come together, and remember our best days are still ahead.  
America has stood as a beacon of hope around the world for generations.  
Joe helped make government work before, and he’ll make it work again.  
At the core of our campaign is a simple idea: we are at our best when we’re one America.  
We choose hope over fear, truth over lies, and unity over division.  
It’s up to every generation to do the work to protect and perfect our democracy.  
Joe introduced one of the first climate change bills in the Senate and has been at the forefront of the fight ever since. As president, he’ll take aggressive action to protect our planet for future generations.  
From ensuring everyone has quality, affordable health care to action on climate change — everything is on the line in this election.  
Our nation was founded on the principles of equality, equity, and fairness. But from day one, America has failed to live up to that promise for most of its people. We must do better. We can do better.  
Simply put: we are better than this.  
We the People. Those three words changed everything.  
 here! We’re taking over to keep you in the loop on our campaign’s official kickoff in Philadelphia. If you aren’t already, head to  to tune in.
I’m about to take the stage, so I’m handing over the account to my staff to make sure you don’t miss a thing. Head to  to tune in as we launch our campaign.
The life of my love — the love of my life — the person who put our family back together. I love you, Jilly!
Over 200 years ago, our nation was born out of a bold statement: We the People.Not You. Not Me. But We. 
Watch Live: Joe Biden Officially Launches Campaign for President 
I’m so excited to be in Philadelphia — the birthplace of American democracy — to launch our campaign. I’ll be taking the stage soon, head to  to tune in.
