Here's how we can empower American workers:✅ A $15 minimum wage✅ Strengthen collective bargaining✅ Equal pay✅ Repeal the Trump tax cutsAn economy that leaves no one behind is good for everyone. 
We know this:The stronger the coalition, the greater the victory.The more inclusive the coalition, the greater the victory.If you want to bring a fight, you bring people together. 
I’ve often said that as your president, I'll ask more from you than any president has ever asked from you in your life—but before we can get there, I need to ask more of you now to get us to the White House. Please get involved with our campaign: 
The level of income inequality in this country is staggering—but we have the power to do something about it. My plan restructures our tax system by closing loopholes that allow the wealthiest households to avoid paying their fair share. Learn more: 
 Anti-trans violence is an epidemic that plagues this nation. It goes well beyond fatalities: it includes physical ; sexual assau…
Want to join me for dinner? Check out our new contest and chip in today for a chance to win. We’ll take care of your flight and hotel. Don't say you weren’t warned... there may be some dad jokes. Enter here: 
The Trump tax cuts provided a big giveaway to the wealthiest families and largest corporations. Instead, we should be putting cash back in the pockets of working families. 
Ban private prisons.Legalize marijuana.End the War on Drugs.We have a lot of work to do to reform a criminal justice system that's so deeply broken—but we can start there.
If you’re interested in volunteering with our campaign—everything from calling voters from home to knocking doors in Iowa—please join our team! We need all hands on deck as we head into the critical early-state caucuses starting in less than a month: 
The highlight of my trip to Iowa this week: Receiving framed portraits of my great grandparents from my cousins. Deeply moved by and grateful for this gift—one that I’ll bring with me to the White House.  
There’s so much pain in this country ; we can end it. We need to fix health care, close the wealth gap, invest in education ; so much more—but to do it, we need to revive our sense of common purpose ; empathy for each other. We are interdependent ; need to see each other again. 
 tough, but fair
Raise your hand if you know why people are trolling Elizabeth's dance moves and not my dad jokes 
We can't wait any longer to take bold action on climate change. Now is the time to begin the transition to a 100% carbon-neutral economy, accelerate the end of fossil fuels, and make sweeping investments toward environmental justice. 
Just stepped out of a 75-minute briefing regarding President Trump’s military actions in Iraq—we were provided no evidence of an imminent threat. I remain deeply skeptical that he had justification for this attack.
In our elections, I believe the person with the most votes should be declared the winner. Period. Our current system of electing a president is not democratic. Let's abolish the electoral college once and for all.
Praying for the safety of our troops and personnel in Iraq right now. 
A disturbing trend in this country is the way we criminalize poverty. It's wrong that we hold people in jail pre-trial simply because they can't afford to get out. We need to end the practice of cash bail.
In this country, access to a high-quality education too often depends on the zip code a child lives in and the size of their family’s bank account. I'm running for president to change that. Every child in America deserves a great public education. 
My thoughts are with the people of Puerto Rico as they face yet another disaster. We must be ready to help our fellow Americans who have endured so much in recent years. 
Proud to stand in solidarity with our Jewish brothers ; sisters to honor AJC's  day. In the face of rising anti-Semitism here and around the world, it’s on all of us to support the Jewish community ; fight hate in all its forms. 
We must end the expansion of presidential war powers that is undermining our constitutional checks and balances. 
If it wasn't for mass voter suppression, would be the governor of Georgia right now. Protecting the right to vote is one of the most important challenges of our time. We need a modern-day Voting Rights Act.
 🏆meryl streep is from basking ridge🏆joe pesci is from newark 🏆kirsten dunst is from brick and point pleasant 🏆paul rudd is…
Looking forward to this—please tune in at 10:30am ET! 
In America, our spirit is being tested by those who want to tear us apart. We have a choice to make: break into factions or rise in common purpose. Join our campaign, and we will rise together:  
Our public school teachers deserve so much more than just our praise—they are some of our country's most influential patriots. Thank you for everything you do. 
I’m running for president because we only have one shot to make Donald Trump a one-term president, and the only way we beat him is the way we’ve beaten bullies in the past: uniting in common cause, and through collective action. 
Secretary Pompeo, this is as serious as it gets. American lives are in danger—that’s not "a little noise." 
So grateful for and humbled by ; her powerful words today—to make change happen in this country we must put in the work ; support Democrats who can inspire our base to get folks out ; vote. Thank you to everyone who joined us today in Walterboro, South Carolina. 
We need to bring more dignity and choice to long-term care in America—I have a plan to do that: 
The stronger the coalition, the greater the victory. The more inclusive the coalition, the greater the victory. Thank you to everyone who joined us in Rock Hill, South Carolina—the only way we’re going to win this election is by doing it together. 
This report is disturbing. As a nation, we must move to a 100% carbon-neutral economy as quickly as possible—and I’ve outlined how we can get this done:  
 Nihkil, thank you so much for your support! I hope you run for president one day so I can vote for you!
The devastating Australian bushfires are taking lives, destroying homes and displacing communities. Hundreds of millions of animals are estimated to have been killed and entire species could be wiped out. This is a crisis and should be front-page news. Please help out if you can. 
 Anthony, humbled to have received such a warm welcome in your home. I can’t thank you enough for your generosity.
Yes, the challenge before us this year is to beat Trump, but it’s more than that—to unite our country. Grateful for my friend ; the Granite Staters who joined us in Nashua today to show us that unity will always be our strength. 
We have a president who has no strategic plan when it comes to Iran and has only made that region less stable and less safe. More thoughts: 
Nearly one year ago, we made our campaign's very first trip to Iowa. Since then, I've stood in countless rooms just like this one, hearing people share what matters most to their communities.32 more days until the Caucuses.32 more days to leave it all on the field. 
Many Americans will need long-term care at some point in their lives—and many will be caregivers themselves. The need for care is only growing. We must take steps to expand access to quality, affordable long-term care, and I have a plan to do that: 
We need to get big money out of our politics. It's why I refuse to accept a dime in donations from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists. We must overturn Citizens United, which has become one of the most disastrous Supreme Court decisions of our time.
I’m going to miss seeing my friend on the trail. Thank you, Julián, for bringing your ideas and leadership to this race—your voice and campaign were invaluable in sticking up for underrepresented communities and pushing the field forward. 
We must expand access to quality, affordable long-term care in this country. It's disturbing how tens of thousands of Iowans currently in LTC facilities ; their caregivers are being hurt by this broken system. Here's how we fix it:  
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year! 
Our end-of-year fundraising deadline is tonight. We haven't hit our $800,000 goal—but we're close. This is a make-or-break moment for our campaign. I mean it when I say we cannot miss this goal.Chip in before midnight to help put us over the top: 
No one in America should die because they can't afford the medication they need to live. As president, I’ll take on the big drug companies that profit off of people's pain. My proposal would hold drug companies accountable and lower drug prices so they are affordable for all. 
 🔥Hot damn. Team has raised more this quarter than any previous quarter. 🔥The only way change happens is all o…
Thank you for your friendship and overly generous words. You're now my favorite candidate in this race whose last name starts with B.  
We need a new Voting Rights Act that will:—End gerrymandering—Restore Section 5 of the VRA—Make Election Day a federal holidayThere's no way we're going to change discriminatory policies if we don't even have equal access to the ballot.
Here are the things we can do if we raise $800,000 before the end of the year:✅ Keep our TV ads on the air in Iowa✅ Fund more ads in the other early states✅ Hire more staff and scale up in additional statesDonate now to help us hit our big goal: 
We need to get to a place in this country where abortion, contraception, and reproductive freedom are not looked at as conditional care, but a health right for all. 
I'm not a billionaire, so my campaign can't afford to blanket the airwaves with campaign ads—but I'm so grateful for our grassroots donors who have stepped up to help us raise enough to start running TV ads in Iowa. Help us keep spreading our message: 
We can't have “life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness” if we don’t have health care for everyone. If every woman doesn’t have the freedom to control her own body. If so many work full-time jobs but still live below the poverty line. We must live up to our nation's ideals.
With the rising cost of living in our country, we must do more to help working Americans pay their bills and take care of their loved ones. My Rise Credit would give up to $4,000 per year to a single-income home and $8,000 per year to a married couple. 
The last early state poll was conducted before the November debate. This race has changed a lot since then and there should be more early state polls if that's required to get in the debates. We're investing in grassroots campaigning because that's the best way to reach people. 
Our strategy has always been to invest in our ground game early on and then get hot at the end. With the Iowa caucuses fast approaching, that means it's time to get hot. Chip in now before our end-of-year deadline so we have the resources we need. 
I’ve spent my career bringing people together to take on the biggest challenges in our country—challenges that too often leave people and entire communities behind—and I’ll continue doing that as our party’s nominee. 
We need a Democratic nominee who will help Americans recognize our common pain, ignite our spirit of common purpose ; mobilize a coalition big enough to defeat Donald Trump—and I believe I can do it. Please watch ; share our campaign’s newest TV ad, which tells that story. 
John Lewis is one of the strongest people I know. He already beat Jim Crow and the Ku Klux Klan—cancer is next. Please join me in lifting him and his family in prayer. 
So much truth in this quote from Bryan Stevenson → “We have a system of justice in this country that treats you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.”
The increasing frequency of anti-Semitic attacks is horrifying. We must all join to stop them in their tracks and root out the hatred and ignorance at their core. My heart is with the victims in Monsey, their families, and the entire Jewish community. 
Social mobility is one of the things that makes America great, a land of dreamers. Every kid should have a fair shot at that opportunity.
We need to take steps to fix our long-term care system so that families don’t go broke taking care of their loved ones. I have a plan to address this: 
Public education is the best investment in our children's future. My plan would:🍎Give public school teachers a well-deserved raise.📖Dramatically increase funding for low-income schools.✏️Ensure every child can attend a quality preschool. 
Abortion rights shouldn’t matter to men because women are our mothers, sisters, daughters, friends. They should matter to men—to everyone—because women are people.
If we can't take care of our veterans when they come home, then we shouldn't be sending them off to war in the first place. I will fight against privatizing the VA and work to ensure world-class health care for every American who served our country in the armed forces.
 My heart is hurting for the victims of the Alpine Motel Apartments fire. Please keep the families of all those impacted…
The fact that no Black woman has ever been elected governor shows that our democracy still has a long way to go to elect the right leaders who truly represent the people they govern. We need to protect and expand voting rights for ALL Americans. 
Americans are finding that they have more month at the end of their money than money at the end of their month. My Rise Credit would benefit nearly half of all Americans by putting cash into their pockets to help with the rising cost of living.
I was a pro-labor mayor, now I'm a pro-labor senator—and if you send me to the White House, I'll be a pro-labor president. 
Best wishes to everyone gathering together to light the kinara for the first night of Kwanzaa. Tonight's principle is my personal favorite—umoja or unity. Our nation desperately needs more of it. 
Merry Christmas to all who celebrate!May the reason for the season inspire us to celebrate redeeming, unconditional love and also practice it.May we serve the poor, relieve suffering, welcome the stranger, visit the imprisoned and love our neighbor.
In every moment of your life, you have a choice: to live your truth and light or diminish it. 
Why does Santa have three gardens?He likes to ho, ho, ho! 
 In OpinionTali Farhadian Weinstein, the general counsel of the Brooklyn district attorney’s office writes, "For my family’s…
I will fight back against any attempt to cut Social Security. Instead of reducing monthly benefits, let's increase them. We must protect this critical lifeline for so many of our seniors—and commit ourselves to ensuring its solvency for generations to come.
We need to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. Anything less is an injustice.
No one should have to impoverish themselves or quit their job in order to get the care they need or secure care for a loved one. I have a plan to fix our long-term care system: 
It's shameful how our criminal justice system treats the most vulnerable in our society, poor people and people of color. We have so much more work to do to reform this tragically broken system. 
Chag Sameach to everyone celebrating the first night of Hanukkah! A profound story of a universal truth: Darkness cannot drive out darkness, only light can do that.
Grateful for my friend for sharing his deeply personal story—a reminder of the trauma and struggles that gun violence survivors endure, and our urgent need to reform our broken gun laws to save lives. Please read ; share. 
Americans families are being left with more month at the end of their money than money at the end of their month. The Renter’s Credit will help millions cover the cost of rising rent and lift 9.4 million Americans out of poverty. 
 TJ, I just heard about your diagnosis. Please know that a lot of us across this country are thinking about you. Sending you good energy and looking forward to seeing you out on the trail. 
'Tis the season! 
As we gather with loved ones for the holidays, a haunting story of the violence migrant families face trying to secure better lives. In this season of love, I pray we find the empathy to change our immoral immigration policies. This is a crisis in our power to end. 
Our next president should fight for the well-being of animals. I've been a proud supporter of animal welfare causes for my entire career—and I'll continue to be when I'm in the Oval Office. 
We don't always have to agree, but we must be there for each other. We must empower each other. We must find common ground and build bridges across our differences to pursue the common good. 
We must drive investment and economic opportunity in rural communities that have been left out and left behind by the Trump Administration. Every region of America—not just a few cities along our coasts—should share in our country's prosperity. 
John Dingell devoted his life to public service, and he continues to inspire today. Grateful for his example and for continuing to build on this remarkable legacy. 
I was in Iowa last night making calls to voters who were frustrated that we talked more about wine caves than gun violence or reproductive rights during the  We can’t tear each other down if we’re going to beat Trump ; get rid of McConnell—that's what I'm focused on. 
Discrimination has no place in our nation. We must stop this despicable HHS proposal that uses taxpayer dollars for programs that allow discrimination against LGBTQ people, religious minorities ; other marginalized groups.Please share ; comment:  
  "Let the politics take care of itself. This is an American moment, not a partisan one. We should do our…
So excited to kick off this 4-day bus tour through Iowa! 🚌 900 miles🚌 11 counties🚌 12 events 
Before you speak to me about your religion, first show it to me in how you treat other people. Before you tell me how much you love your God, show me in how much you love all His children.
I may not have been on the debate stage last night, but our campaign is surging where it matters—on the ground with voters. 
 
From Iowa to Nevada, New Hampshire to South Carolina, and every place in between, volunteers are the heart of this campaign. Remember—if you want to go fast, go alone, but if you want to go far, go together. Thank you for spending your evening with me talking to voters! 
 Cory Booker is phone banking in Iowa tonight as other Democrats debate in Los Angeles. The first caller, Suzette, seemed t…
 Hello from Urbandale where is here with our amazing volunteers making calls to talk to caucus goers about why…
 Who needs  when you could be talking to  voters?  
 There wasn’t enough room for us at HQ because it’s literally that full of volunteers, so we relocated to Pan…
 . may not be on the debate stage, but he's on the world stage just the same. Here at his central Iowa HQ, the…
  won’t be on the Democratic debate stage tonight— instead he’ll be at his Urbandale field office tonight to p…
 Meanwhile at a field office in Iowa... 
 Don’t know which sounds better - the excitement of first time phonebankers reaching out to their neighbors or the soun…
It's a shame that tonight's  won't reflect the diversity of our party. I'm not going to be on the stage, but our pathway to victory is still very real. If you're with me, chip in now so we can keep spreading our message to voters:
We can’t just beat Trump—we need to regain the Senate ; send McConnell home. Our party’s candidate must be able to revive the Obama coalition ; win diverse states from Arizona to North Carolina. That’s what I bring to this race ; why my campaign is now seeing a surge in support. 
 Congrats, Lynnette, on your graduation! Looking forward to seeing what incredible things you do next.
This is big, team! Today we're airing our campaign's first TV ad.  to help spread the news and chip in now to help us run more like it:  
As this process heads to the Senate for trial, I'll uphold my sacred oath to protect ; defend the Constitution.This trial demands an impartial ; thorough review of the evidence. We must be presented with relevant witnesses ; documents, and follow the evidence where it leads.
The three-month House impeachment process has uncovered alarming evidence that an American president used his official power for personal gain, put our national security at risk, and obstructed the investigation.Today is a sad moment for our country.
Mark your calendars—today we filed our paperwork to participate in the Nevada Caucus. Saturday, February 22 we bring home a win! 
One year ago, our bill, the First Step Act, became law—a major bipartisan win to help end mass incarceration.When I got to DC, they said we couldn’t reform our broken justice system, but by building uncommon coalitions we got this done, saving lives. 
 In this exclusive op-ed for Shondaland, explains why he's the best candidate to bring the country together. h…
The first scene here is the elementary school Ruby Bridges integrated in 1960. The second is across the street from a Des Moines elementary school attended by a majority of students of color—today.The fight against racism continues.   
Women of color have been on the front lines of movements—and in front of the line at the voting booth—in this country. Honored to know many of these trailblazers and grateful for the work they do fighting for our democracy. Congrats, well deserved! 
Open enrollment for health care has been extended through today—if you need health insurance for next year, please check out the plans on  and 
 I have known for one year and four days. This is the most fascinating interview I’ve read with him — and the be…
 Congrats on winning your re-election! Houston is lucky to have your leadership.
To compete in a 21st-century, global, knowledge-based economy, we must ensure every child in every community has the opportunity to receive a great public school education. As president, I will fight for this:  
 has put his re-election prospects ahead of his duty at a time of crisis in our country. Let's bring courageous leadership back to NJ-02—please donate to support his eventual Democratic challenger: 
Americans families are being left with more month at the end of their money than money at the end of their month. We need a new tax credit that will balance the scales and help millions cover the cost of rising rent. 
Donald Trump may turn a blind eye to foreign interference in our elections—but I won't. It's way past time to stand up to authoritarians like Vladimir Putin and fight for American ideals. Our democracy depends on it.
America is facing a crisis of affordable housing. I have a plan that includes a Renters Credit that would:✅ Give families a median credit of $4,800✅ Lift 9.4 million out of poverty✅ Benefit more than 57 million Americans
Remembering the 20 children and 6 educators whose lives were taken in a horrific act of gun violence at Sandy Hook Elementary. Today these babies would have been in 8th grade—yet, we still haven't passed gun safety legislation. Our inaction is a stain on our country's morality. 
Such a heartbreaking story from my friend and an urgent reminder of how much work we still need to do to pass gun safety reforms in this country. 
A well-deserved retirement for the hardest working man in radio. It was an incredible honor to launch my presidential campaign on grateful for that, his advocacy for the Black community, and his legendary work that will continue to impact generations to come. 
For years, the right to vote for millions of Americans—disproportionately in communities of color—has been under assault. As president, I’ll restore voting rights to those who have been incarcerated by passing a new Voting Rights Act.  
The dignity of work must always be promoted and protected. I support in their fight for fair wages and benefits. No Democratic candidate should cross the picket line.
As president, I will fight to ensure that every child in America has the opportunity to receive a great public education. Here's my new plan to make it happen: 
Elect Democrats 
Building a campaign to win begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 3rd. And I can’t do this alone. I’m asking for your help—please chip in to make sure we have the ground game we need to compete: 
I’m not sticking around for vanity or ego—I’m in this to win it because I believe I’m the best candidate to beat Donald Trump and lead this country to higher ground.
We need a leader in the Oval Office who’s able to unite our deeply divided nation and begin the healing our country so desperately needs. It’s time for a president who brings us together as one nation—not one who drives us apart with hate and fear.
My entire career I've brought people together to take on our toughest challenges. I beat slumlords taking advantage of low-income families, ushered in Newark’s greatest economic growth in a generation, and overcame Washington's broken politics to pass criminal justice reform.
I’ll be doing what we’ve done for the last ten months of this campaign and throughout my time in public service—meeting people where they are, in living rooms and church basements, at coffee shops and in diners, and discussing how to tackle the most pressing challenges we face.
The voters deserve to decide who the Democratic nominee should be, and I know that together, we can win this race. Next week, I’ll be on the road hearing directly from and sharing my vision with the people who will determine the outcome of this race—the way it should be.
Today is the deadline for the DNC's December debate qualifying threshold—and while I may not be on the debate stage next Thursday, thanks to the outpouring of support over the past few weeks, we know there’s a path to victory, and we no longer need the debate stage to get there.
We need a commander-in-chief who will lead with our values and restore America's standing in the world. That means working closely with our allies again, rebuilding our diplomatic corps, and supporting our troops—both at home and abroad.
We must win the White House AND take the Senate in 2020. have built a talented team of battleground-state organizers to make it happen through They’re currently accepting applications ; I urge those interested to apply.  
 NV is the first minority-majority state to participate in the presidential primary process, ; it’s CRITICAL that we organize…
 His empathy and experience make him uniquely capable of healing our country ; uniting all Americans as we seek to repair the da…
In America, 1 in 6 renting households spend more than half of their monthly income on rent. We have a housing crisis and we need a radical plan to ensure people are able to access this basic human right. 
We won't be silent in the face of bigotry ; hate. Sending love ; prayers to the victims, their families, our Jewish neighbors ; the JCPD. 
 "Polling is BS!"- wants you to know he's not out of this race just because his polling numbers are down. F…
Thank you for your courage and activism. Climate change is the greatest existential threat of our lifetime, and it will be young people who inspire change and take on this challenge before it's too late. Congrats on being named  
From leading life-saving efforts during Hurricane Harvey to creating more than 100,000 new jobs last year, has demonstrated incredible leadership for Houstonians. I'm proud to endorse his re-election. Make a plan to vote for him on Dec 14! 
Closely monitoring the active shooter situation in Jersey City. For folks in the area, please continue to avoid Martin Luther King Drive for now.—it's not safe.Grateful for the first responders who quickly arrived on the scene, and praying for the officers shot in the standoff. 
I support the leadership House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and House Democrats have displayed during these hearings and this process, and know it will continue in an impartial and sober way.
We must put politics aside and put patriotism first. No one, including the president, is above the law. When the time comes for us to look back on this moment in American history, those who stood up for the rule of law in our democracy will be remembered.
This is a sad, sobering moment for our country. This President violated his oath to the American people. Now, those of us who swore an oath to protect and defend the Constitution have a duty to follow ours. 
Excited about this book from and It makes the argument that not only is showing compassion the right thing to do, it's also an effective way to improve health and drive down health care costs. Check it out: 
 "We know that when people try to tear us apart we win by standing together." This message is why I'm so proud to support
 A friend asked why I am endorsing for President. It's simple: we need his experience to bring unity and just…
 Let's talk 2020 with Senator  This is the first episode that features one of the Democratic presidential candi…
There isn’t a county in the US where a full-time worker making minimum wage can afford a 2-bedroom apartment at fair-market rent. We must increase the supply of affordable units ; pass a renters tax credit to ensure the basic right of housing for all. 
People think the opposite of justice is injustice, but it’s actually inaction. Don't sit on the sidelines—pitch in to help with the urgent work of ensuring every American has access to affordable health care, great public schools, clean air and water, and a living wage. 
If you elect me as your president, I'll end the cruel ban on transgender Americans serving in the military.
This says it all. 
By land or by sea, there's no stopping the Stanford Cardinal. HUGE congrats!  
 Hasan has some ideas for how politicians can attract the Asian American vote in 2020.  
We don't just need a candidate who can beat Donald Trump—we need a president who can make justice and opportunity real for every American.Please watch and share our campaign's newest ad, "Common Cause". 
I believe we should create a new federal agency that has the power to review and set drug prices—offering relief to the millions who struggle to afford their medication. We must lower the skyrocketing cost of prescription drugs in this country.
Our Democratic candidate must have an authentic connection within the Black community and inspire and generate record turnout from Black voters—that's how we beat Donald Trump and win back the Senate. 
Climate change is not some distant threat—it’s happening now and we need to act. My plan to address this crisis includes building a 100% carbon-neutral economy by 2045 while creating millions of good-paying jobs: 
We will only succeed in this race if, in the words of one Nevada Democrat remember where we come from and why we’re here. Together, we will rise. 
Every single day, more and more lives are lost to the opioid crisis. It's time for action. We can start by holding pharmaceutical companies responsible for their role in flooding these drugs into our communities.
 "Everyone should have dignity and security in retirement. This is something I will fight for as president. We will do what's…
No one should be harassed or fired from a job because of their hairstyle—yet Black people often experience discrimination for wearing their natural hair. This must end, and my new legislation with will do it. 
The only way we're going to get our poll numbers up is if we reach more voters—that's why we're trying to fund TV ads. Help us buy some airtime so we can lock in our spot on the December debate stage: 
The stronger the coalition, the greater the victory. The more inclusive the coalition, the greater the victory. This is how we win. 
Never in doubt! 
We are less than 2 months away from the Iowa Caucuses. Now is our time to break through. Let's seize this moment—chip in now to support our campaign: 
This is wrong and cruel. We need to expand SNAP so that more American families don’t go hungry—that’s exactly what I’ll fight for as president:  
Grateful for everyone who came together today for our town hall in Harlan, Iowa to meet with and me to talk about how we can bring prosperity ; opportunity to rural America—and my new plan to get it done as president:  
Chip in now so we can get this on TV before the DNC debate! 
I highly recommend watching my friend film, 13th, to learn more about the criminalization of Black people in the United States. It's available on Netflix and examines how we got here. 
December 6th marks 154 years since the 13th Amendment was ratified, abolishing slavery. Yet, today in 2019 the United States has more African American men under criminal supervision than all the slaves back in the 1850s.
Today, I'm unveiling a plan to create new pathways to opportunity and prosperity in rural America—because no one should have to leave their home to build a future in this country. Read it here: 
 Mike Bloomberg called "well-spoken," which drew criticisms from voters of color. Here's the US Senator's…
 Good morning, JD! Looking forward to it—can’t wait to “catch” up!
A Democratic debate with more self-funding billionaires than candidates of color would be a disservice to our party. Donate now so we can start running TV ads and qualify for the next debate: 
Every worker in our country deserves fair compensation. Thank you for leading the charge to make sure that Granite Staters aren't shortchanged by a contract which doesn't pay fair wages. I stand with you and the NH State Employees you are fighting for. 
I’m going to be blunt: if you want me in this race, now is the time to voice your support for my campaign. When pollsters call—choose us. Help us reach the DNC poll requirements for the December debate. We need you now more than ever. 
 In a nation as vibrant and multicultural as ours, all perspectives should be represented and heard, *esp* as we choose a…
Happy to see the Senate pass the  to provide critical funding for HBCUs. When I am president, we're going to make a historic $100 billion investment into HBCUs and MSIs to restore justice and empower Black and Brown communities all across America. 
 NEW POD: Sen. talks to about his strategy to make the December debate and build momentum ahead of…
 Thank you, Representative! So grateful to have you on this team.
Our country was in the midst of a moral moment when Rosa Parks refused to give up her bus seat, sparking the Montgomery Bus Boycott, which began  in 1955. She and her fellow activists inspired millions with their grit, reminding us to never surrender our work for justice. 
Love, empathy, and compassion are not contrary to fighting the good fight. No, they are the necessary ingredients we need to defeat Donald Trump.You want to bring a fight—you bring people together. 
A lot of folks run for president because they want to change the country. Very few of them actually do. did. 
 Booker: "I'm here, to ask for your support."Woman in crowd: "Youve got it!"Booker: "Let me be more blunt, i'm asking you…
Iowa, do not let anyone else decide this for you.Our accomplishments have always come from the grassroots. Our party has always been strongest when we as Democrats come together, not tearing each other down, but lifting one another up.
Beating Donald Trump is the floor, not the ceiling. It gets us out of the valley—it does not get us to the mountaintop.
How will calling on a more courageous empathy beat Donald Trump? It’s the *only* way we will win.You want to bring a fight, you bring people together.
This must be the season where we again recognize the peril in our nation stems from our division.
The blessings we enjoy were paid for by the struggles of others—activists and fellow Americans who joined together in a conspiracy of love.
The more diverse the coalition, the more justice we’re able to attain.
This is not just about an individual candidate—it’s about the diverse coalition that is necessary to beat Donald Trump. 
“Kamala had a campaign where little girls and boys and people all around the country looked up and said 'that could be me.'” —Cory Booker
We must beat Trump—and to do that, we need to unite our party, excite ; engage Black voters ; rebuild the coalition that we need to defeat him.Join me live in Des Moines to hear why I believe I’m the best candidate to take on these ; other challenges: 
The evidence presented before the House was both deeply upsetting and damning. Donald Trump took an oath to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution—and he has abdicated that responsibility. Thank you, Madam Speaker, for handling this process with the seriousness it demands.
We're running out of time to qualify for the December debate. I won't be on that stage unless we meet the DNC's polling threshold. I need your help right now to fund our ads so we can reach more voters and boost our poll numbers. Chip in today: 
 Here’s a look back at our recent  I am so excited to see the rest of these campuses in the new year. HBCUs are…
 Charlotte, I'm so sorry this happened to you. I believe you, I see you, I love you. Thank you for your courage.
 in 1967 Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. announced the Poor People’s Campaign—a new march on Washington bringing together Americans to demand better education, fair wages, and an overall higher quality of life. Today, that struggle continues—it’s on us to finish the fight.
There are more billionaires than Black people who’ve made the December debate stage—that’s a problem. 
There are more billionaires than Black people who’ve made the December debate stage—that’s a problem. 
 Sen. discusses the end of the Harris campaign, the diversity in the Democratic 2020 field, and more on  
  is LIVE! We're discussing 2020 with plus celebrates the holidays with   
 congratulations on your big win tonight! Can't wait to see everything you do for the city of Savannah.
We started with one of the most diverse fields in our history. It's a damn shame that the only African American woman in this race is no longer in it, and we're spiraling toward a debate stage without a single person of color. 
 Don’t worry, Mr. President. I’ll see you at your trial. 
Minority-serving institutions play a central role in empowering minority communities ; creating opportunity. That’s why my new plan ensures these critical MSIs are well-funded, affordable, and continue to deliver opportunity for Black ; Brown Americans. 
 We’ve made great strides in our work to  this year: we've passed life-saving laws, elected Gun Sense Candida…
My dear friend is a trailblazer. I've loved serving with her in the Senate and every moment we've run into one another on the trail. Her campaign broke barriers and did it with joy. Love you, sister. 
Honored to join this morning to announce my new plan to support, protect and invest in HBCUs and minority-serving institutions—if you missed the show, you can listen here: 
 Thank you for centering HBCUs in your campaign. This plan includes many important steps towards equity in…
 Thank you for your generosity and kind words... the truth is the older I get the better I was!
As the son of two proud HBCU grads  and I'm proud to announce that today my campaign is proposing the boldest-ever plan to invest in HBCUs: 
We need a nominee who can turn out voters in places like Detroit, Philadelphia, and Milwaukee and inspire Americans all across this country. 
We don't talk nearly enough about the issue of gentrification. All across this country, low-income residents—primarily people of color—are being pushed out of their communities. My plan would help keep families in their homes: 
These weapons are made for no other purpose than killing people quickly. They have no business on our streets, in our schools, our movie theaters, our places of work. 
Good mayors don't just have big ideas, they have big hearts. has both. I am proud to endorse him. Savannah you know what to do. Make a plan to vote for Van tomorrow, December 3. 
Proud to have the endorsement of the Clark County Black Caucus. The work you do addressing racial inequality and creating opportunity is so important—together, I know we can do great things for the people of Nevada. 
 Psalms 133- “Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity”. Today a group of men from…
And just like that, we're officially on the ballot in South Carolina! A huge thanks to all our volunteers, supporters and organizers in the Palmetto State for their hard work and organizing. Onward to February 29! 
It's simple: If you sustain an injury playing a sport on behalf of a college or university, you shouldn’t be left to cover the medical expenses on your own. That doesn’t happen now, but it will when I’m president: 
Climate change must be the lens through which we view everything—it’s the existential threat of our lifetime. 
It's important to beat Donald Trump, but the bigger issue is confronting our history and present to create the safe, inclusive country we all want to live in. 
Nearly 40 million are living with HIV around the world with nearly 2 million more diagnosed every year. On  we remember those we’ve lost to this disease, recommit to ending the HIV epidemic, ; continue to work together toward a future without stigma ; discrimination.
It's a national disgrace that millions of our children grow up in poverty. We have a moral imperative to act. I have a plan that would put us on the pathway to ending child poverty in America. 
We know we need to accelerate the end of fossil fuels to avert climate catastrophe—and that’s what my plan calls for: 
People ask whether love can beat Trump, but if you look at our collective history, love is the *only* way we can win. From Seneca Falls to Selma and Stonewall, we've beaten hate and demagogues before—when we've come together.Watch and share my campaign’s newest ad here: 
Tune in! 
Our country’s broken drug laws don’t make us safer—they divert resources from fighting violent crime and unfairly hurt low-income communities and communities of color.
People ask how I believe we can come together to address our common pain—well, I know we can because we have before.  in 1993 we passed the bipartisan Brady Bill mandating background checks ; waiting period on handgun buyers. It’s saved countless lives. We can do it again.
Every American deserves the right to drink clean water and breathe clean air.
Everywhere I go, I let people know: if we win, I’ll be asking for more from you. Not to put up with more injustice, but to engage more—to join, to march, to fight. Our country doesn’t need a savior—it needs us to show up and do the work. 
If you’re injured as an athlete playing for your college or university, then your school should cover your medical expenses while under treatment. That's not the case today. We need to change this: 
The right to vote is one of the most sacred rights in a democratic society. We can protect and expand access to the ballot box by:✅ Restoring the Voting Rights Act✅ Making Election Day a national holiday✅ Implementing universal automatic voter registration
Happy Thanksgiving! Wishing everyone a wonderful day of gratitude, love, family, friends ; food. As we give thanks, let’s also live up to the words of JFK: "As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words but to live by them."
This is heartbreaking. Jesus Martinez Manon has lived in the US, raised his family here for the last 30 years, and has no criminal record. Our nation needs humane immigration policies, not more examples of families being needlessly torn apart. 
 As we head into  let’s remember that we have the responsibility to  4.6 Million Children L…
Always serve your community, and when you can, bring a friend. 
There is a serious housing affordability crisis in this country. We need to create a Renters Credit to cap rental costs, expand the supply of affordable housing, and fight back against predatory practices in the housing market.Housing is a human right. 
To reduce firearm suicide, we have to get guns out of the hands of those who have shown signs of wanting to hurt themselves or others. 
There are so many reasons why the death penalty is wrong—and this is one of them. These are innocent lives ruined because of a racist and badly broken criminal justice system. There must be accountability and justice for these victims. 
People found my jokes particularly fowl this morning. 
We need a president who takes environmental justice seriously.
We should be putting cash back in the pockets of working families who are struggling to get ahead. By dramatically expanding the Earned Income Tax Credit, my proposed Rise Credit would lower taxes for millions of Americans. 
Grateful for fighting for airline workers currently on strike. All workers deserve fair pay and meaningful benefits. It's why I introduced legislation to crack down on labor law violations in the airline industry—as president I'll fight for this ; more for workers. 
 Since day one of this administration, women have been leading the resistance. And if it wasn’t already clear three years a…
Now THIS is what I’m talking about when I talk about courageous empathy. Pinky, you already know I’m a fan of your burgers, but I’m an even bigger fan of your spirit. Thank you for your generosity and your investment in our country’s collective future. 
 Congratulations, Wawa! You inspire.
Don't talk to me about legalizing marijuana if you're not also talking about investing in the communities that have been ravaged by the failed War on Drugs. The end we seek is not just legalization—it's justice.
We should be investing in our young people and empowering them with the tools to achieve their dreams—starting on the day they're born. My proposal to create Baby Bonds would virtually eliminate the racial wealth gap that exists in our country. 
 Thank you, Molly, for all your hard work and for your wonderful introduction Saturday!
Animals deserve to be treated with compassion and care. We need to:✅ Shut down all puppy mills✅ Protect our endangered species✅ Immediately end animal testing for cosmetics
Door by door, room by room,  how we win. 
This is outrageous policy. We should be finding ways to make it easier for those behind bars to stay in touch with their loved ones. It's proven to reduce recidivism and it's the moral thing to do. My Next Step Act would make all phone calls and video conference calls free. 
Had fun with this interview talking about some of the things I do to stay physically and mentally fit on the campaign trail. 
 Winning debate performance on Wednesday.Crossed the December debate donor threshold on Thursday. Overflow crowds in NH over…
A multi-billion dollar industry shouldn't be able to get away with paying their athletes subminimum wages. My plan to expand justice and opportunity for athletes includes advocating for improved pay and working conditions for minor league baseball players. 
Almost half of all renters spend more than 30% of their income on rent. We can fix this, and as president, I will implement an affordable housing plan that empowers Americans.  
I've been in plenty of tough battles before—whether it was taking on the political machine here in Newark or working to get historic criminal justice legislation signed into law. Join me if you're ready to bring the fight to Donald Trump: 
I've put forth the most sweeping gun violence prevention plan of any presidential candidate in this race—because we can't wait a single minute longer to start saving lives. 
It’s never the big battle, the big moment, the big speech, the big election—those alone don’t change things. What changes things is every day, getting up and rendering small acts of service and love beyond what's expected or required, to empower those around you. 
Thank you, New Hampshire! It was a great day meeting with Granite Staters, talking about my record of getting results—and how we can find common ground with uncommon partners. 
Lucy, my heart is with you, especially today. No mother should ever have to know the pain of losing a child, especially due to gun violence emboldened by white supremacy. When we pass commonsense gun safety legislation, we will have you to thank. Jordan would be proud. 
 Thank you, Katie. Loving the energy!
It has been 5 years since we learned of the lead crisis in Flint, and families there are still struggling. Our children are being exposed to toxic levels of lead in far too many places across our country. These communities deserve justice. 
 Sending you love, This kind of hate is completely unacceptable. Grateful the people of Milwaukee have your strength to lead them.
 The best part of hosting He excited a lot of people to unite as a country, help those that need it, and to…
This election is about so much more than just beating Donald Trump—it's about reigniting a more courageous empathy for one another. The salvation of this nation lies in the quality of our mercy, the strength of our love. 
Nothing brings me more joy than seeing our staff take advantage of our paid family leave policy, except maybe hanging out with our  
 We're not just seeing bigger crowds post-debate, we're still seeing a surge of donations to Cory 2020. As of noon today, we're…
To all my campaign photojournalist friends: I think you may have some competition from Sam here! 
In each of the early states, we have incredible teams on the ground spreading our message to voters and caucus-goers. We also have among the most endorsements in the race from local elected officials and activists. Help us build on our momentum: 
New Hampshire is beautiful.  
I may be an underdog right now, but when it comes to running for president, it's often the underdog who ends up winning. If you're proud to be on this team, order our brand new sweatshirt today: 
 congrats on your big day, man. Proud of everything you've worked so hard for.
Iran's use of deadly force against peaceful protesters and censorship is unacceptable. Iran's government must end this violence now and work to address the needs of its people. 
I'm sorry to behind the camera here, but not to who was in my way.  
5 years ago, 12-year-old Tamir Rice was gunned down by a cop who saw this child as a man—yet he would still be a child today. Even in death, Tamir's innocence was stolen.We need racial bias training at all levels of law enforcement ; do more to protect our Black children.
 I just wasted 5 mins watching that over and over and over. The only thing better is if you posted a picture of me with hair.
Every single day that Congress doesn't act to pass sensible gun safety laws is another day that innocent lives are lost. It is way past time to ban weapons of war from our streets.
Dignity in work means strong unions and fair labor practices. I’m proud to stand in solidarity with the nurses at MercyOne in Sioux City in their fight for competitive pay and safe staffing levels. 
Some people were ready to count us out, but that’s what happens sometimes when you’re an underdog. During last night’s  we reminded everyone that we’re in this race to win. Show your support for this team with our new sweatshirt: 
 The light is coming. 
 Please tell Grandma Susan I say thank you and happy birthday!
 "We all owe a debt that we cannot repay. We all drink deeply from wells of freedom and liberty that we did not dig."In his p…
To everyone who chipped in—$1, $3, whatever you could—thank you, from the bottom of my heart. I'm going to keep making you proud. 
 If you did, you would let me go
Good to be reunited with my friend Esosa today in Atlanta. We didn’t drop any bars, but we did work the phones for  
Inspired this morning by the words of Langston Hughes: This dream today embattledWith its back against the wall—To save the dream for one,It must be saved for all. 
You missed one. 
At last night’s  I looked into the audience ; saw John Lewis—a man whose activism changed my life. It was a reminder that we drink from wells of freedom we ourselves did not dig ; that at this moral moment in America, we need leaders who will inspire us to fight again. 
So grateful for tonight’s awesome team of moderators. Thank you for bringing critical issues that are often overlooked to the stage—including paid family leave and housing—and for facilitating an informative debate that Americans deserve to hear. 
 Thank you for your donation!
 Thank you for your support, Eric!
 Kimberly, thank you for your kind words. Grateful for your support
 You inspire—thank you!
 Here’s hoping Booker continues to cause the “good trouble” he just referenced in his solid closing statement. He needs to sta…
I am humbled—my team just told me more people have donated to our campaign for the first time today than did on the day we launched.Please help us keep this momentum going. Chip in at  Every dollar gets us closer to the December debate stage. 
 Anddd we just cleared $200k in the ~30 minutes since gave THAT closing. Team Cory -- let's keep the 
 This was a damn powerful closing statement from I want to see more of this kind of moral call to action for th…
 Cory Booker won tonight's debate hands down.
 Thank you for highlighting  that when voting rights is under attack, all issues are under attack. GA witnes…
 The best thing I can say about is that he has absolutely inspired me to fight. I’ve been broken-hearted and…
 “I will cause good trouble.” Cory Booker quotes civil rights leader John Lewis.   
 Tonight, we saw yet again why Cory is a leader who can heal our country. He'll restore our sense of common purpose, and he…
Just stepped off the  stage! I'm excited for the future we're going to build together after we defeat Donald Trump. Now is the time to get off the sidelines ; join this movement to unite our country. If you're ready to stand with me, chip in now: 
Debating in Atlanta—a city steeped in civil rights history—I'd be remiss not to recognize the shoulders of the giants, like John Lewis, on which we stand. We must continue, as he says, to make good trouble. If you agree, join me. Go to  and chip in today. 
 if you know that marijuana is *already legal* for people who are privileged.Add your name if you believe it should be for everyone. 
If voter suppression were nothing but the myth Republicans claim it to be, Governor Stacey Abrams would’ve taken her veto pen to Georgia’s “heartbeat” abortion bill the day it arrived at her desk. 
“I have a lifetime of experience with Black voters, I’ve been one since I was 18. No one here should need a focus group to understand Black voters.” —Cory at  
It’s about time this country is led by someone who will lead with values of freedom and democracy—not someone working with people bombing Yemeni children and separating families at the border.  
 Appreciate for lifting up the need for a right to counsel in eviction cases as part of the affordable housin…
"There is worth in the inner cities. There is value in our rural areas.” —Cory at 
We can empower renters the same way we empower homeowners—and lift 9.4M people out of poverty.   
 “We are a nation that achieves great things when we stand together and work together and fight together.” 
 So true what says about whoever is the next president must heal this nation. That is so true. This needs to b…
Donald Trump has broken norms. He uses his platform to demean, degrade and divide our country. Our next president needs to be able to heal those divisions—we need someone with a track record of doing that, who can do it again as president. 
 "Cada persona merece una oportunidad de participar en la economía", dijo   n…
 When talks about entrepreneurship, he is highlighting that Black and Brown women are the fastest group of sm…
 "There is worth in the inner city." - Spoken like a true former Mayor. 
 Booker continuing on this smart theme: "We’re going to have pathways to prosperity for more Americans…. We need to give…
Every person—no matter their zip code—deserves the opportunity to participate fully in our economy. Too often, that’s not the case for people in inner cities and rural communities. 
 We’re less than an hour away from the  ; 75 days away from the  Just in constant awe of our…
 Huge turnout in Orangeburg tonight!! students phonebanking for w before the b…
I know I can be the president that not only repairs the damage that Trump has done to this country, but also unites Americans around a common cause ; common purpose. I'm excited to walk on stage right now at the  to share my message. Watch live: 
Ok, team... game time.  
Bringing the  to tonight's  
 Let's go, team! Pumped knowing you have my back
 I love my team—thank you!
Tonight's  is only hours away, and I could not be more excited. My team is standing by to send real-time updates while I'm stage—if you'd like get them, please text DEBATE to 40203
It's weird because I've never even been to Kenya. 
It takes 1 year, 11 months ; 20 days for Latinas to earn the same as a white man earns in the US in a single year—and that amount of time has *increased* since last year. This is shameful—we have so much work to do to achieve equal pay.  
Looking forward to this! Please join us if you're in Atlanta. 
Hateful acts of anti-trans violence have claimed far too many lives—many whose names we’ll never know. Today we honor them. To those who continue to face discrimination ; violence due to transphobia: I see you, I love you, ; will never stop fighting for you. 
 UPDATE: We are happy to announce that will now be joining us in person on Thursday, November 21 at 1:45 PM…
The Atlanta Reproductive Justice Commission is a municipal version of what I would do nationally with the Office of Reproductive Freedom. I applaud the City Council on creating a way to improve access to vital services, especially in GA, where these rights are under attack. 
Thank you Lt. Col. Vindman for your honorable service, your bravery and speaking your truth today. You are a patriot, and we are grateful. 
 Friday at Saugus HS: 2 students killed, 3 injured.Last night in Fresno: 4 dead, 6 injured. Today at an Oklahoma Walmart…
Legacy admissions perpetuate a cycle of privilege for kids from wealthy, mostly white—families. We should hold institutions accountable ; ensure those from less advantaged backgrounds get a fair shot. 
Excited to join on her show today—please check your local listings.Here's a sneak peek from our chat about how we need to not only legalize marijuana in this country but also expunge the records of those who have been unjustly targeted by this failed drug war. 
 MONDAY: Presidential hopeful Senator tells Wendy about his run for the White House ; how he met his girlfrie…
You can fight with ferocity without being cruel.You can fight with strength without being mean.You can lift folks up without tearing others down.
 At the First in the West event, told audience members the election is "not about left or right. It i…
 Starting off, is telling the story of his father falling ill here in Las Vegas, and Reid going to visit his…
I’m about to take the stage at the  event live from Las Vegas. Tune in to hear more about my vision to build a more fair, just country:  
The US is the only industrialized country on Earth that doesn't guarantee paid family leave. This is wrong, and hurts our families and our economy. 
Last night at  I was asked about what I think voters are really looking for in this election.My answer? I think Americans want solutions forged in courageous empathy and results they can see in their own communities—not partisan bickering or political ultimatums. 
Multiple members of my family are Omega Men—I want to wish a Happy Founders' Day to the entire brotherhood of 
 We’re out in the Seacoast canvassing for our friend, and had a little message to share!!   
The best way to watch next week’s  is with friends, neighbors and family—and my team is excited to help you get organized. If you’re interested in attending a debate watch party, please sign up here. 
 Congratulations on another platform to showcase your leadership and build on a record of success.
Create a White House Office of Reproductive Freedom to coordinate a response to Republican attacks on abortion access and reproductive rights across the country. 
Horrific. Praying for everyone at this high school football game in NJ last night ; the 2 people who were seriously injured by gunfire. This is not normal. When people are shot in church, schools, movie theaters ; football games we need to take action to change our gun laws. 
No community in America should be left on the sidelines of our economy ; that includes our Indigenous communities. We must build an economy in which everyone has a stake. My plan has key provisions to empower Indian Country. 
Rodney shouldn’t even be facing this. His case shines a spotlight on the immorality of the death penalty. It’s a stain on our nation. We need to abolish it.
Thank God. 
Thank you for your friendship, your support and for joining me this morning in New Hampshire on this milestone day for our  campaign. 
 You inspire!
 please listen to your state. Grant a reprieve before it's too late. 
It’s official! We’re on the ballot for the first-in-the-nation primary in New Hampshire. Thank you to all who helped us get through this first big step, including our amazing  organizers and staff—we’re just getting started.  
 So beautiful. Congrats, Ady and Rachael!
 Big crowd of supporters for as he arrives to file for the  New Hampshire primary   htt…
 Crowd is dancing, singing, and waiting for here at the State House because Cory is OFFICIALLY ON THE  BAL…
We really don’t need any more candidates, Nick, but I would make an exception for The Boss. 
We can’t allow school shootings to be normalized. We must take action to end gun violence. 
My heart goes out to the students, teachers and parents in Santa Clarita. Thank you to the first responders and law enforcement who are still on the scene.We don't have to accept our children being terrorized by guns. We demand gun safety. We need to bring a fight to the NRA.
So grateful to have the support of Rep. Gerri Cannon, a pioneer and incredible leader for New Hampshire and our country. 
In order to win this election and to heal our country we must choose unity, we must choose a more courageous empathy. New York, I see you. I love you. Thank you for coming out tonight for our  happy hour! 
You love to see it  
During this impeachment hearing, we will learn of evidence directly from witnesses in a process that gets to the facts and brings our country together. Americans deserve to know the truth, and starting today we’ll all have the chance to see it with our own eyes.
My first election was in 1998 for a Newark city council seat. That's where it all started for me. I encourage everyone who wants to bring change to their communities to consider the same and  
I often think about Shahad Smith ; Hassan Washington—good kids I watched grow up who were gunned down in our neighborhood. They're why I fight—so all kids in our country, no matter their circumstances, have the chance to thrive. Listen here:  
 STOP COMCAST FROM SILENCING VICTIMS OF DISCRIMINATION!Join us Tonight @ 8pm as we tackle latest attempt to infringe…
One of the best ways to serve your community is to run for office. If you’ve ever considered it, I encourage you to check out this great resource that helps you navigate seats in your area ; resources to kick off your campaign.  
Everyone has a right to make a living wage ; to work in an environment where they feel safe—free from sexual harassment ; violence. Proud to stand with McDonald’s workers striking for these rights, and this group of brave workers in Lansing, MI suing for a safer workplace. 
So proud of my team. Thank you for your courage and for sharing your story—you inspire.  
Trump unlawfully ended  ; today’s Supreme Court case will determine the fate of at least 700,000 DACA recipients who could be deported if it is terminated. Our country made a promise to protect those who came here as kids for a better life—we can’t go back on that promise. 
 Our  Today the United States Supreme Court will hear the arguments and stories of  recipients. We are 
 Cory Booker shines at first-ever presidential environmental justice forum 
 A veteran is someone who, at one point in their life, wrote a blank check made payable to "The United States of America…
On this  I want to say thank you to all those who have served and continue to serve our country—who have shown through unimaginable sacrifice what it is to love and fight for your country. 
From Charleston to Des Moines and everywhere in between, I’m so grateful to those who are engaging in our campaign and joining the fight for a more fair, just country. 
Title IX has successfully narrowed the opportunity gap for men and women athletes since its passage almost 50 years ago—but there are many ways we can strengthen its provisions. As president, I'll push for these changes and more: 
Two of my favorite Nevadans. Good luck tonight at the Elko Dems Dinner—see you soon! 
Horrific and tragic for the entire Madison community. Releasing the video footage would help provide the transparency they deserve. But true justice protects Black lives and demands that law enforcement see the dignity in all of us. 
 FROM THE ROAD in SC w/ Charleston County Office Opening  
No one and no community in America should be left on the sidelines of our economy. That’s the simple idea behind my economic justice plan: 
 
 "We have a shameful reality in America," Sen. says on the state of environmental racism in the U.S. "There's…
“This is not a presidential issue for me. This has been my entire career working on issues of environmental injustice...and I know there’s a whole lot of talk about issues like this, and not enough action.” ~Cory at 
About to go live at the first-ever Presidential Forum on Environmental Justice to talk about the steps we must take to manage the impacts of the climate crisis on some of our most vulnerable communities. Watch live here: 
Today in 1966, Edward W. Brooke became the 1st popularly-elected African American senator. He co-wrote the Civil Rights Act of 1968, which prohibits housing discrimination, and is one of the reasons why my parents could move into my childhood home. Grateful for his leadership. 
 In our series  asks Democratic voters about the issues that matter most in the next election –…
Before you speak to me about your religion, first show it to me in how you treat other people. Thank you to the faith leaders and others in South Carolina who took the time to meet with me this morning at the 7th Episcopal District AME Fall Convocation who live up to this truth. 
All eligible DACA recipients should renew their DACA as soon as possible. On Tuesday, the Supreme Court will hear a critical case challenging President Trump's termination of DACA—so, please don’t wait.  
3 years ago today, Trump won the presidency by just 77,000 votes. In 360 days when we head to the polls, we can’t forget that—if we turn out to vote, we will make Trump a one term president.
 Yes and more than 3. There’s a lot more in there too! Thanks to — someone I obviously look up to a lot — for havin…
We should not criminalize homelessness. Disappointed in this decision but proud of the activists and community leaders who stood up and protested this ordinance. Together, we must keep fighting. 
 One of our volunteers was texting with this morning, who told her this great story of showing up f…
 We're mere hours away from uncovering 8 presidential candidate plans for tackling  See v…
This ain't it. 
More evidence that we need to update our poverty measures and do more to end the injustice of millions of Americans living in poverty. My plan to end child poverty and create opportunity for all Americans would do just that:  
In one week, we’re hosting an awesome  happy hour at in NYC. I love going to these—it’s going to be a lot of fun and a great way to learn more about our campaign. Please join us ; invite your friends! RSVP here: 
I'm horrified by this violence and heartbroken for Mahud Villalaz—an American citizen who was attacked with acid for being Latino.Hate crimes are on the rise in this country—and Trump's racist and bigoted rhetoric is responsible. The words and actions of our leaders matter. 
We can live in a country where Americans growing up in rural areas don’t have to move to find good work. Where small businesses can compete ; grow without being trampled by big corporations. Where every community is empowered ; thriving.That's our fight: 
Finally, my administration will invest in entrepreneurship ; small businesses—empowering Americans to start enterprises that would drive more innovation, jobs ; growth.
We'll end unchecked corporate concentration that is holding back new and small businesses and the economies of entire communities. We’ll spur competition by strengthening enforcement ; promoting competition to create more opportunity for all.
My plan would also reverse decades of wealth extraction ; exploitation in Black ; Brown communities—we’d do this by creating a Community Justice Fund focused on restoring wealth in historically marginalized communities.
As president, I will launch the City 2030 Project—a first-of-its-kind national competition that would invest in at least 50 small- and medium-sized cities as vibrant regional economic hubs, bringing jobs ; opportunity to local residents and surrounding communities.
I’ll fight to ensure that Black ; Brown communities, rural areas ; small cities are able to take part in our nation’s economic growth.
My plan begins with a simple principle: No one and no community in America should be left on the sidelines of our economy. Because wealth ; economic growth shouldn’t be limited to a few big cities on the coasts.
As president, I will bring this same determination and vision to communities around the country that now face similar problems—decades of lost wealth, disinvestment ; an uneven playing field that hurts local businesses.
As Newark's mayor during the Great Recession, I saw my city in crisis ; businesses closing. But we acted, and Newark entered its largest period of economic growth in 50+ years, building new affordable housing, and the first hotel, new office towers, ; new supermarkets in decades.
Today I’m announcing an economic agenda I will fight for as president, which ensures every community—from cities to rural areas and everywhere in between—is a place where real economic opportunity can be found. 
Thanks so much for having me on last night, 
We just saw in tonight's elections—from Virginia to Kentucky—Americans are rejecting Trump's divisive brand of politics. We need moral leadership that seeks to unite this country and work for a better future for all Americans. 
Don't miss tonight's with to be back on the show! Tune in at 11/10c on 
Exciting night so far with big wins for Democrats—from KY to NH and VA—and the votes are still being tallied in elections across the country. Congrats to everyone who fought hard races and flipped states legislatures, governorships, and more blue!
Virginia—polls close in just a few hours. Vote! 
Energizing, exciting, and igniting a diverse coalition of voters is crucial in this election because that coalition won’t just decide who our nominee is—it will determine whether or not we beat Donald Trump. 
New Jersey—Go Vote! Confirm your polling location:  
In Mississippi's elections today, I'm proud to support who is running a historic candidacy for Attorney General, for Secretary of State ; for Commissioner of Agriculture. Go vote! Confirm your polling location: 
It’s Election Day! All across our country—in states like New Jersey, Virginia, Mississippi, Texas, Indiana, Iowa, New Hampshire, and more— we have critical elections, so please get out and vote! Confirm your polling place:  
In 2016, we lost Wisconsin by fewer than 23,000 votes, and African American voter turnout in Wisconsin dropped almost 20% from 2012. We have one shot to make Trump a one-term president—we need a candidate who can energize our base and I know I’m the best person to do it. 
 This week: and stop by! 
As president, I won’t wait for Congress to act on climate change—I’ll quickly:✅ Reinstate ; strengthen CAFE standards✅ Bar new onshore ; offshore fossil fuel leases✅ Rejoin Paris Agreement✅ Revoke Keystone ; Dakota Access Pipeline permits 
More cruelty and bigotry from the Trump Administration. When I am president, it ends. 
In one year, Americans will vote in the most consequential election of our lifetime. We must make Trump a one-term president—but we know defeating Trump is the floor, not the ceiling. We need moral leadership back in the White House ; Congress to fight for justice ; equality.
On this day in 1992, Carol Moseley Braun was elected as our country’s first Black woman senator. Grateful for her incredible service to Illinois and our country, and helping pave the way for our nation's future leaders. 
At last night’s  I shared the story of my mentor, Frank, a man who taught me the importance of really seeing and hearing people.In case you missed it, watch here to see how when we come together and unite together, we rise together. 
Just stepped off the stage at  you share my values and vision for our country, please chip in to help us continue building a winning campaign: 
Iowa, I see you. I love you. Together, we will rise! 
I’m running for president to unify our whole party. We need all Democrats across this country to stand together, to work together, to rise together. 
They were words of empowerment ; encouragement ; engagement: you are not alone in this. I am here for you, and together we will figure this out. There are people who say we can’t win this election by making it about our values, but I reject that—it's the only way we’ve ever won.
The last time I saw Frank was in hospice. He could barely speak, but he got out the words, “I see you.” I told him I loved him. And before I left, he said to me, “I love you, too.” Those were the last two things he said to me—I see you, I love you. 
As Frank got older, he lost his sight. But every time I would announce myself to him, he would greet me the same way, “I see you.” 
Frank Hutchins was one of my mentors. He was a tenants' rights advocate in Newark. He taught me just how important it is to make people feel seen and heard and understood. 
About to walk on stage at the  Celebration in Iowa to share my vision for our country—one where we find common ground and unite around a common purpose to achieve big things for all Americans. Watch live: 
Together, we will rise!  
I applaud Oklahoma for this historic vote that will allow hundreds of people who are in jail for low-level drug offenses to return home to their families. The War on Drugs has been a war on people, ruining lives ; not making us safer. 
This National Native American Heritage month we celebrate Native communities who were the first to live on this land, and their rich culture ; contributions to our country. We must also acknowledge our government’s painful history of injustices committed against Native Americans.
 brought his heart and soul to this race. Grateful for his and his supporters’ voices. Thank you, Beto. 
  is here to have some fun with his team   
 region 3 bringing the 🔥HYPE🔥 to   
National Family Caregivers Month recognizes the millions of Americans who sacrifice so much to help those in need. We must bring more dignity ; choice to long-term care in America—; pay, train ; empower care workers as the critical workforce that they are: 
Proud of for defending independent journalism. Outlets like Deadspin, Jezebel and The Root provide a perspective that is too often missing from mainstream outlets. We can’t afford to lose that perspective. 
You can't beet a good vegetable.  
ACA health care open enrollment begins today! Check out your options on the exchange ;  enrollees can find health coverage for $75 or less per month. If you are uninsured or know someone who needs health care please visit 
This is a victory for students and Chicago public schools. Teachers deserve to be paid well for the critical work they provide for our kids. Honored to meet with this month to hear their concerns—so great to see this resolution. 
When we announced that we needed to raise $1.7 million, this team stepped up in a way that we could've never imagined. Now we have another big goal to hit: our end-of-month deadline. Can you chip in by midnight to help us reach it? Donate here: 
Trump may have betrayed his oath of office, but we will honor ours. Proud of House Democrats for putting partisan politics aside and setting up a process that builds consensus by ensuring the American people see the damning evidence.
 "I'm not going to let perfect be the enemy of the good. and back and forth marked one of Ady's…





Our campaign is blessed to have so many new parents on staff. From our  family, wishing you all a fun and safe Halloween! 
As wildfires continue to move quickly across California destroying homes and forcing thousands to flee, please do what you can to help our fellow Americans. Here’s an important resource for how you can help including where you can donate to victims. 
 That's right - today's episode of The Lead 🎙️ features and his plan for regulating sports in America. Listen…
If you are convicted of stalking your dating partner, you shouldn't be able to purchase a gun. As president, I will close this “boyfriend loophole” immediately by executive order.  
This presidential election needs to be a movement election—and we need a candidate who can excite the full breadth of the electorate. People who inspire us can show us that the lines that divide us are nowhere near as strong as the ties that bind us. 
 So inspired by the millennial leadership in our country. Thank you so much for your support!
 COMING UP: 2020 candidate Sen. joins us LIVE at the  table to discuss his presidential run. 
Saturday marks 100 days until the New Hampshire Primary! We need all hands on deck to help organize, phone bank, and canvass—if you'd like to join our team this weekend for our 100 Days Out Day of Action, please sign up here: 
 So grateful for these college athletes who organized this effort. Yesterday's NCAA board vote is a step in the right direction—we still have work to do to ensure justice and equal opportunity for college athletes.
Better idea: Reverse the Trump Tax Cuts and treat capital gains like regular income. That’ll actually raise revenue. Cherry on top is that it doesn’t target kids who should be paid for their hard work and contributions to a multi-billion dollar industry. 
Saturday marks 100 days until the New Hampshire Primary! We need all hands on deck to help organize, phone bank, and canvass—if you'd like to join our team this weekend for our 100 Days Out Day of Action, please sign up here: 
This news out of Missouri is deeply disturbing. The decision to have an abortion should be between a woman and her health care provider, free from government interference. This abuse of power by Missouri Republicans is dystopian. 
This is a good start. 
Fixing our broken criminal justice system has been a life calling to me. As president, I will tear down our morally corrosive and shameful system of mass incarceration. 
Our children are our nation's most precious resource—they deserve the very best public schools and local services. Big corporations should pay their fair share of property taxes to support them. California—please go to  to support this important initiative.
 ‘We see people from our communities going to prison for doing things that two of our last three presidents admitted to doi…
Bigotry and hate won't quietly disappear, nor be defeated by more hate. It'll take stubborn, relentless, unyielding love and service. 
Kay was a devoted public servant, champion for North Carolinian families and fearless fighter for health care who truly cared for the people. I was honored to serve with her in the Senate. My thoughts are with her husband Chip ; the entire Hagan family. 
 "We have a criminal justice system that is not fair and equitable, but targets certain communities.The War on Drugs has no…
Fixing our broken criminal justice system is one of the most important issues our next president will face. Grateful to be joining formerly incarcerated people ; their families at the  forum to talk about how we can do that.Watch live: 
It's time we end our failed War on Drugs, which has really been a war on people. As president, I will fight to tear down this system, and on Day One begin extending clemency to thousands of individuals serving excessive sentences for nonviolent drug offenses.
Any conversation about legalizing marijuana must also include expunging records and restoring justice to individuals and communities that have been devastated by the failed drug war.
On October 31st, we'll be closing the books on our fundraising for the month. Our campaign has been scaling up these past few weeks—and we can’t slow down now. Can you chip in $5 to help us hit our end-of-the-month goal so we can keep up the momentum? 
Remembering the eleven lives taken from us one year ago today at the Tree of Life Synagogue—may their memories be a blessing. We need to end the gun violence epidemic, and continue to stand against anti-Semitism and hate in all its forms.
Happy  to everyone celebrating the Festival of Lights. It's a beautiful reminder of the victory of light over darkness, good over evil. May your next year be a peaceful and prosperous one with Goddess Lakshmi’s blessing. Diwali ki Subhkamnaye. 
 Wow! That hurt.
 It wasn't THAT intense. And your football team was very mean to me on my last trip out there.
To all Stanford students and fellow alumni—happy homecoming! Go Card! Here's a photo from my days on the Farm. Seems like yesterday.  
Among high-income nations, the US is the most dangerous country for women when it comes to gun violence. We must close the Boyfriend Loophole—one of the many reforms I'm fighting for and will get done as president. Enough. 
We need to change the college sports industry from one that exploits the hard work of college athletes to one that empowers them in athletics and in life—and that includes helping them graduate. 
This is bigger than any one of us. This is bigger than what we say here today. This is about redeeming and repairing, and finally building a justice system that treats all people equally under the law.
We’re not going to fix this system with lofty promises made during a campaign or a carefully thought out tab on a campaign website—this work is hard. Every single person who gets on this stage today needs to be able to explain why they can be trusted to do this work.
There are more Black men under correctional supervision than were enslaved in 1850. We still treat addiction and mental illness by locking people up instead of giving them access to health care.That’s why this election is so important—that’s what we should be talking about.
Donald Trump was given a platform unchecked for close to an hour. The Bipartisan Justice Center allowed him to create some illusion of support from this community when, in fact, he excluded it.
I’m about to take the stage to discuss what we can do collectively—and individually—to atone for America’s history of criminal injustice. Watch live: 
I saw what happened today. And I, for one, will be there tomorrow. I have some things I think they need to hear from me—directly. 
Proud to stand with ; Republic Services sanitation drivers campaigning for good-faith negotiations, a livable wage ; pension. This is a fight we must win in our quest for opportunity, justice ; dignity of work for all Americans.
I've met with families in Las Vegas afraid to report abuse ; crimes in their communities. With limited time ; resources, local ; state law enforcement should be focused on keeping their communities safe ; pursuing serious threats—not acting as ICE agents. 
Elijiah Cummings was a giant with unmatched leadership and a full heart. I will miss my friend—and will honor his legacy by living up to his words:“When we’re dancing with the angels, the question will be asked…what did we do to make sure we kept our democracy intact?”
Our average online donation is only $22—and each of those 22 dollars goes a long way to helping us open more offices, hire more organizers, and spread our message to voters. Match our average donation today to help keep our campaign growing. 
We need to put the dignity back into work—and we can start by strengthening unions, putting workers at the center of every trade deal, improving working conditions, and making sure that every American has a living wage in this country. 
Women shouldn't be solely responsible for sharing their personal stories as evidence of their humanity. When reproductive rights are in danger, it's on all of us to join the fight. Thanks to these men for sharing how abortion has impacted their lives. 
Diseases of extreme poverty—like hookworm and Chagas disease—impact millions of Americans, disproportionately communities of color that often lack access to proper sanitation ; clean water. It’s an injustice that I’m fighting to end. 
Our campaign is powered by grassroots supporters. We don't take a dime from:❌ Corporate PACs❌ Pharma execs❌ Fossil fuel execs❌ Federal lobbyists We’re coming up on a big fundraising deadline. If you're ready to join this movement, chip in here: 
One in five Americans will experience a mental illness in any given year, and when we stigmatize and isolate people who are struggling, we only make it less likely that they will seek the treatment they need. We must 
 “That’s what it will take to win next spring and then to beat Donald Trump in the fall. I am prepared to do that. I’m building a campaign to do that, and I’m the only one in this race who has a proven record … of doing that.” —Cory at
 We must be able to build multi-racial, multi-ethnic coalitions and unite progressive voters and moderate ones with a shared purpose.
 Tearing your fellow Democrats down may get you a temporary boost in the polls—but it’s not doing anything to help us choose the nominee who will beat Donald Trump.
 "In my community, folks do not have time to sacrifice progress on the altar of purity." —Cory at
 Let’s not make any mistake: It is precisely that diverse coalition of Democrats who will ultimately decide which Democrat will win this primary and go up against Donald Trump next year, and it is precisely that coalition we will need to beat Trump next year.
 “I hear a lot of Democrats talking about winning the Midwest. And yes, I believe we as a party have to reach out to those voters who took a chance on Trump in 2016. But we also win back the Midwest by turning out Black voters ... who didn’t vote at all.”—Cory at
 "I'm the only person in this race who has demonstrated time ; time again, with only my own name on the ballot, the ability to turn out the vote ; also win in heavily African American electorates, starting with my first run for city council over 20 years ago."—Cory at
 In a party and a country that is only becoming more diverse, the ability to build multi-racial, multi-ethnic coalitions is not a nice-to-have—it’s a job requirement.
 We need to keep the long-view in mind: not just winning a primary, but beating Trump.
 We are the party of the rights of the people—of equal rights, of civil rights, of workers' rights, of women's rights. We are the people of abortion access, the right to quality healthcare. We are the party of inclusion, about elevating all—no matter your background.
Excited to take the stage right now at to talk about how we can bring this country together ; make the promise of America real for all. Watch live: 
We rely on grassroots donations to keep us on the road to share our message and values with Americans across this country—so I could not be more excited about our new Grassroots Donor Program to give you the tools to help us fundraise: 
DC! So excited to be heading your way for our next  Happy Hour. Please join us tomorrow evening to learn more about our campaign for a better America. RSVP here: 
I swore an oath as senator to the Constitution of the United States, and I will uphold that sacred oath during this impeachment process, as always. We need a process that is honorable, gets to the facts, and seeks to bring our country together. 
No child should go hungry at school—period. As president, I will fight for universal free school lunch and relieve all school lunch debt. 
Lynching is an act of terror used to uphold white supremacy. Try again. 
The Tulsa Massacre left hundreds dead and leveled the Greenwood community in one of the worst incidents of racist violence in our history, but the terror didn’t end there. That’s why, as president, I’ll create an office to address hate crimes and white supremacist violence. 
 Another day another packed college for see you ; love you   
Traveling NH, I’ve learned about the Granite State tradition of communities coming together to tackle hard problems—and when it comes to ending the opioid epidemic, that’s no different. Proud to join in Concord to discuss how we can end this public health crisis. 
  learned the definition of hope from a mother whose son was shot and killed in Newark, NJ.She turned her…
We've got one shot to make Trump a one-term president, and how we, the candidates, talk about one another matters. Tearing each other down because we have different plans is unacceptable. I've seen this script before. It didn't work in 2016 ; it will be a disaster for us in 2020. 
 Cory in the House!! 🙌💙🤩Incredible to have here with us tonight.   
Boston! I’m excited to be heading your way tomorrow for our  grassroots happy hour! If you’re in town, please join us: 
The health and safety of NCAA athletes should always come first—instead too often the priority is to ensure that these college athletes are cleared for competition. We need stronger health and safety standards—that’s what I’ll fight for as president: 
The recent passings of Emily Clyburn ; Elijah Cummings have been painful—our heroes from the civil rights generation are being called home. But our challenge today isn't to mourn their loss, it's to honor them by showing that we will continue their legacy. We must pay it forward. 
Our average online donation is only $22—and each of those 22 dollars goes a long way to helping us open more offices, hire more organizers, and spread our message to voters. Match our average donation today to help keep our campaign growing: 
We need a president who can revive civic grace in our country, teach us a more courageous empathy, and remind America that patriotism is love of country—and you cannot love your country if you do not love your fellow countrymen and women. 
 HAPPENING NOW: Senator with  Senator in Hartsville, SC. 
Too many people don't have access to basic health needs like menstrual products. Whether due to lack of income, incarceration or gender identity, it's outrageous. Join for  on 10/19 ; support the fight for menstrual equity 
 
As president, I'll create a White House Office of Reproductive Freedom to end attacks on Roe—but until then, we must ensure continued access to care.That's why 50% of the proceeds from our newest tee will go to statewide abortion fund: 
Marie Newman shares our party's values. She's a champion for equality ; justice. She believes that health care is a right—that women have a constitutionally-protected right to reproductive health care like abortion. I'm so proud to endorse Marie for Illinois’ 3rd District. 
  made a point to speak on women’s rights and child poverty during the  Here’s why. 
Glad to meet with teachers today on strike for higher wages and smaller class sizes. Educators spend their careers caring for and investing in others—it’s our responsibility to care for and invest in them. 
When it comes to reproductive rights, women should not be the only ones taking up the fight. Men, it is not just because women are our daughters, friends, and wives—it's because women are people, and people deserve to control their own bodies. 
Our campaign is powered by people like you—so I could not be more excited to officially launch our new Grassroots Donor Program! Once you sign up, you’ll be able to create your own fundraising page and recruit grassroots donors from your community: 
No one should live in fear of bullying or harassment simply for being who they are. To our LGBTQ+ youth: I see you. I love you. I will never stop fighting for you. 
Big tech companies not only stifle competition, they undermine our very democracy. And it’s not just tech—corporate concentration has poisoned virtually every part of our economy, from Big Pharma to Big Ag. We need to enforce our antitrust laws. As president, I'll act. 
 ‘I only have a minute, 60 seconds in it, forced upon me, I did not choose it,but I know that I must use it,give accou…
Today our country lost a true leader. Congressman Elijah Cummings was a friend, a passionate fighter for justice, and a powerful voice of moral conscience in our government who served his country for decades with dignity and integrity. I’m blessed to have known him. 
51 years ago, Olympians Tommie Smith ; John Carlos heroically raised their fists during the national anthem to protest racism ; systemic oppression—even if it meant being ostracized from their sport. We owe it to them to use our voices to bring this country closer to our ideals. 
 Leo is proud to endorse after watching him stand out during last night’s debate as the leader and unifier our…
 so grateful for Leo's endorsement!
 
So looking forward to joining this important conversation. 
Let's be clear about these anti-choice laws we're seeing everywhere from Alabama to Ohio—they aren't just attacks on the ability to control your own body, they're another example of people trying to penalize poverty. 
 My phone is blowing up from friends who don't know yet they support but LOVED this close. Give it a watch. ht…
 WATCH: Booker backs Kamala Harris on reproductive rights: "Women should not be the only ones taking up this fight" 
The right to control your own body is sacrosanct. That’s why, as president, I’ll codify Roe v. Wade, create an Office of Reproductive Freedom in the White House, repeal Hyde, and more. We must ensure everyone has access to quality health care—including contraception and abortion. 
 In the  Sen. calls for raising the minimum wage to $15, strengthening unions, and calls for sectoral…
 11) was the first to support fed…
 Bravo who says we have one shot at making a one term President and how we talk to each other…
 Cory Booker’s strategy is dead-on for the general election.Come together. Unify. Pull everyone up.I did not believe that…
 My friend won the night by standing out as a leader, a unifier, and the adult in the room who refocused the convers…
 Cory Booker is one incredible human being. What an amazing closing statement!! 
 Booker having a great close here with his “common struggles for common purpose” refrain — reminding Americans that heck yeah…
 Thank you for reminding us of the bigger purpose.  
 Cory Booker is damn impressive when he's calling on our common humanity.   I am a sucker for that big-heartedness.  
  We need to raise wages for all Americans and put dignity back into work. We need to put American workers at the c…
 I love how always grounds his answers in love, compassion, and empathy, and how he’s been setting the tone fo…
That's a wrap on tonight’s  I hope I made you proud and represented the values we're fighting for—with just 4 months until voting begins, we need to make the most of this moment. Chip in to help us build the kind of campaign it takes to win:  
This election is not a referendum on one guy in one office. It's a referendum on who we are and who we must be to each other.  
Attacks on reproductive health care are an assault on one of our most fundamental ideals, that humans should be able to control their own bodies. This is a national crisis—we must codify Roe.  
We have a massive crisis in our democracy with the way big tech companies are being used, not just in terms of anti-competitive practices, but also to undermine our democracy. The practices that were abused in 2016 still haven’t been addressed. 
Ending gun violence is not about leadership—the American people are already there. 77 percent of Americans agree that we need gun licensing. For millions, this is a daily nightmare, where we’re surrendering our freedom to fear. This is the bare minimum.  
This president is turning American moral leadership into a dumpster fire. 
Donald Trump, time and time again, is showing moral weakness—Instead of doing something to defeat ISIS, he’s giving them a foothold again.He refuses to call out Russia for its efforts to interfere in democracy.We need a president who will restore American integrity abroad.
In over 20 years of presidential debates, there hasn’t been a single question about how to address child poverty in America.We’ve got to address the moral obscenities we’re facing and define ourselves not just by what we’re against but what we're for: 
We’ve got one shot to make Donald Trump a one-term president, and how we talk about each other in this debate matters. Tearing each other down didn’t work in 2016, and it won’t work in 2020. 
“I stand with unions because right now, unions in America are under attack.” —Cory at  are seeing a stratification of wealth and income in this country. We must fight so that all union members have strong bargaining rights, good working conditions and a living wage.
“Women should not be the only ones taking up this cause … women are people, and people deserve to control their own bodies.” —Cory at  
We've seen this show before. We shouldn’t be doing bidding by elevating his debunked attacks in our own debate. 
"I swore an oath to my job as senator to do my duty. This president has violated his. I will do mine." —Cory on impeachment at 
We need a president who will repair the damage Donald Trump has done to our country and make justice and opportunity real for every American. I know I can be that president. Tune in now to tonight’s  to hear me share my message of healing: 
Let’s have some fun.  
Looking forward to tonight's big opportunity to share my vision for the future of our country in the next  a few hours away! If you want to get real-time updates from my team while I'm on stage, please text DEBATE to 40203
Take a moment today to read his seminal work, "I Am Joaquín," which helped encapsulate what it means to be Chicano: 
Celebrating Rodolfo "Corky" Gonzales this  only was Gonzales a talented boxer and poet, but he was also a civil rights activist who led the Chicano movement. 
I'm often asked how and why I learned Spanish. I learned Spanish in language-immersion programs in Ecuador, Mexico and Costa Rica because I believe communicating directly with Spanish-speaking Americans is a sign of respect.  
We had a little too much fun traveling around in our RV last week... 
On  we honor the Native communities here before us ; celebrate their contributions to our country’s shared history. We must also acknowledge the centuries of injustices ; violence these communities endured from our own government. 
Black people shouldn’t have to live in fear that those sworn to protect us will kill us in our own homes. Atatiana should still be with us. 
Calling buyback programs "confiscation" is doing the NRA's work for them, they don't need our help. 
🐐 
Title IX has successfully narrowed the opportunity gap for men and women athletes since its passage almost 50 years ago—but there are many ways we can strengthen its provisions. As president, I'll push for these changes and more: 
Always live your joy—you never know how many people are leaning on your smile. 
My plan to end child poverty calls for sweeping federal investments including free, quality child care and preschool for low-income, working families. Read more here:  
For decades, the sports industry has enjoyed record profits while exploiting the labor of young people. As president, I will end these exploitative practices: 
 Congratulations, David. So proud to have you on this team.
Love is not just a sentiment. Love demands sacrifice and service and the understanding that if your rights are denied, my rights are compromised. That's the kind of leadership I will provide in the White House.  
 Ann McLane Kuster and Cory Booker write in Opinions: Medicaid should be available in prisons 
We're flying out one lucky winner to join me and others for dinner...📲 Text DINNER to 40203 to find out how you can be entered for a chance to win... and then prepare yourself for a night of good company, conversation and some of the best dad jokes you've never heard!
We need to crack down on anti-competitive and anti-worker practices in the NFL and other major sports leagues. My plan would do just that:  
 Latest episode of features presidential candidate Come for our discussion of Black Wall Stree…
 “I’m blown away by this documentary,  It’s something we all should see, learn, engage, and activate on wh…
What’s often lauded as the most progressive major sports league in the country is quickly cowering to an authoritarian regime in the name of profits. You can’t stand on principle only when it’s convenient. 
Poverty is an everywhere problem: from big cities to rural communities to Indian Country, our kids are being left behind. We're all this together. But we can end child poverty—here’s how: 
This  I celebrate those who have come out, and those who will come out, as LGBTQ. Every story is different, but each is powerful because choosing to live openly is a living testament to love. I'm proud to be an LGBTQ ally every day, but especially today.
Little Bruce Springsteen? I think you mean Bruce Springsteen and the heart-stopping, hard-rocking, earth-quaking, justifying, death-defying, legendary E Street Band 
PrEP is so important. As president, I’m going to make sure that it’s both easy to access and affordable for anyone who wants it. 
Tonight I was asked whether I’d commit to removing restrictions that prevent members of the LGBTQ community from donating blood.My answer: “Two words—absolutely yes.”  
 “Coming out is not a one time thing.. It’s a thing you do time and time again.” - addresses changing hearts and minds…
 A thing I didn’t know about before I worked for him — as mayor, he refused to marry anyone until everyone could…
I'm about to take the stage—tune in to join me for a discussion about building a more fair, just country.  
 Today's guest on is presidential candidate who reveals his plan to curb the exploitation of c…
We're flying out one lucky winner to join me and others for dinner...📲 Text DINNER to 40203 to find out how you can be entered for a chance to win... and then prepare yourself for a night of good company, conversation and some of the best dad jokes you've never heard!
It shouldn’t require a sweep of the World Cup to bring attention to the unacceptable pay gap between women and men in this country. When I'm president, we'll fix this:  
Playing football at Stanford was one of the greatest opportunities of my life—that’s what it should be for all college athletes. But I also saw firsthand how players are exploited for profit. We can change that:  
Actually, I joined her. 
For too long, we've allowed exploitative practices in professional ; college sports to fester—from collusion to wage theft and a massive gender pay gap that we shouldn't accept in any industry, including athletics. As president, I'll end these injustices: 
Last night, we saw historic mayoral wins in Alabama: Steven Reed elected to be Montgomery's first black mayor in its 200-year history, and Timothy Ragland elected to be Talladega's first black mayor in its 184-year history. Big congrats to both mayors-elect!
Trump may say he’s not cooperating with the impeachment trial before him, but he’s not dictator-in-chief. As members of Congress, we all swore an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution and that includes oversight of the executive. 
Wishing an easy, peaceful and meaningful fast to everyone observing  May we use this Day of Atonement for introspection and reflection to better ourselves, our communities, and our world. G’mar Chatimah Tovah!
This  let's remember: always be kind to one another, because we’re all a bit more fragile than we let on. For those struggling—I see you, I love you, you are not alone. There's no shame in reaching out for help. 
 1 in 9 Iowans struggles with hunger. This epidemic touches all of our communities, especially low-income, minority, and sin…
The Supreme Court has the opportunity to protect LGBTQ Americans from discrimination. I want our LGBTQ family to know—we see you, and we love you, today and every day. We will rise together, beat bigotry, and we will pass the Equality Act.  
We must do more to help people who have served their time in prison transition back into society—this not only helps our country live up to its ideals, but it’s smart public safety policy that will help reduce recidivism rates ; make our communities safer.
SNAP helped lift over 1 million kids out of poverty in 2018. But for so many families, the benefits are wholly inadequate. We should be increasing SNAP benefits, not cutting them. Read my plan to do it:  
A 100% carbon-neutral economy, millions of good-paying jobs, and a guaranteed right to clean air, water, and soil for all Americans—the time to act is now. Learn more about my plan to get there: 
There are 17,000 federal prisoners who are unjustly incarcerated today. If I am your president, I will give a pathway to liberation the first week I’m in office. 
Horrific and deeply troubling. Sending love and prayers to Joshua Brown’s family. They deserve the justice he ensured for Botham, and we all deserve answers immediately.
 At the  Forum, made this promise to the nation.The corporate gun lobby stands no chance in…
When discouraged, choose hope.When criticized, choose humility.When hurt, choose forgiveness.When dreams are dashed, dream again. 
Pretty dagnab good. 
My new plan to end child poverty calls for sweeping federal investments including free, quality child care and preschool for low-income, working families. Read more here:  
This case is one of the biggest threats to Roe v. Wade since Kavanaugh’s confirmation. If the law stands, it will dismantle constitutional protections to abortion access. Congress must affirm Roe before it’s too late. 
I wouldn’t be here today if it weren’t for strong unions. My grandad found opportunity as one of the first Black members of the UAW at his plant in Detroit. So when I say the fight for workers’ rights is personal for me, I mean it. 
Poverty is an everywhere problem: from big cities to rural communities and Indian Country, our kids are being left behind. We're all this together. But we can end child poverty—here’s how: 
No child in America should grow up in poverty. This presidential race must be about addressing our most pressing challenges and charting a bold path forward. We have a moral and economic imperative to act. 
 Diahann Carroll walked this earth for 84 years and broke ground with every footstep. An icon. One of the all-time greats. She blaz…
 “Democracy is not a spectator sport. Democracy is a verb.” This weekend and hundreds of volunteers democracy-ed for
We can't have “life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness” if we don’t have health care for everyone. If every woman doesn’t have the freedom to control her own body. If so many work full-time jobs but still live below the poverty line. We must live up to our nation's ideals.
Kids born in poverty face an uphill battle from the start—from problems with brain development to worse health outcomes, lower educational attainment to higher odds of entering our criminal justice system. But we can end child poverty—here’s how:  
At least someone is resigning. 
By his own admission, the president is undermining our democracy. Congress has a duty to the Constitution and this country to proceed with impeachment proceedings and follow the facts—quickly.
 TONIGHT: plays Hardball: 
 Bravo to for a serious plan that would make a big dent in American child poverty through child allowances (alr…
 We know that investments in  help lift kids and families out of the cycle of poverty. By committing to invest…
Today I'm announcing my plan to cut child poverty by at least 2/3 and create opportunity for individuals and families trying to escape poverty. Here's how we do it: 
Our history is an unyielding testimony to the achievement of seemingly impossible things. When we stand together, work together, fight together—we win together.Join us in this fight: 
Meanwhile there are Black and Brown people locked up for far longer for doing what 2 of the last 3 presidents admitted to doing. 
 Today and always, addresses gun violence with substance. He focuses not just on the breaking news, but on th…
Nothing is more heartbreaking than listening to the parent of a child whose life was taken by a gun. Until we get commonsense gun safety laws passed, all of us are responsible. As president, I'll bring an urgency to this issue to save lives. 
 "You should not be a nominee from our party that can seriously stand in front of urban places and say, 'I will protect you' if y…
 WATCH at 2 PM ET/11 AM PT discuss his plan to address gun violence - the most sweeping plan put forth by a…
Glad to hear my friend is doing well and in good spirits—wishing him a speedy recovery. 
I wish I could be shocked by this man’s inhumanity. We will beat him and we will end this nightmare. 
 George Washington’s Farewell Address warned of two evils that could destroy our Republic: foreign influence, and rigid parti…
October is  celebrating the contributions ; visibility of all LGBTQ+ people. We must continue fighting to live up to our country's ideal of equality for all—so that every American is able to live up to their full potential without fear or discrimination.
Deputy Dhaliwal was a lifelong public servant ; trailblazer for the Sikh community who taught Houston ; our country about the beauty of the Sikh faith. That he was killed in an act of senseless gun violence makes this all the more tragic. My thoughts are with his loved ones. 
Join my campaign manager live for a preview of our Q4 strategic plan: 
Two years ago, we saw the deadliest mass shooting in our country's history kill dozens of concert-goers in Las Vegas. Our hearts are still broken but we must stay hopeful. We know how to stop this—we can ; will pass commonsense gun safety laws to end these tragedies. 
Even now words can't describe how unsettling this murder was ; the trauma it inflicted in our communities. Justice may have been delivered for Botham ; his family but that trauma doesn't go away. We must address the epidemic of murders of unarmed Black people in our country. 
 New Hampshire is better off because of your service to the Granite State. Thank you for all your work advocating for voting rights, public education, marriage equality, paid family leave, and much more. I look forward to seeing you in NH again soon!
Wishing a very happy 95th birthday to President Jimmy Carter—a humble American hero, humanitarian and lifelong public servant who used the power of his post-presidency to fight poverty and disease worldwide. 
I want to sincerely thank everyone who supported us in this enormous effort, which will allow us to grow our campaign and puts us in a strong position to compete for the nomination—together, we will rise!  
Let me be clear about one thing: this is not a gleeful time for our country. All 535 congresspeople should be putting patriotism over partisanship, putting our oath to defend the Constitution ahead of our political agendas for the future. 
Justice Sonia Sotomayor is a trailblazer who's paved the way for other Latinas in the law. In a decade on the Supreme Court she's become a champion for immigrants, women ; criminal justice reform. She's also a fellow grad ; a prolific Yankees fan!  
Join our team LIVE for our last nightly all-staff call of the quarter. Tune in now as we celebrate our progress! 
43 years ago, the House passed the Hyde Amendment for the first time, denying federal Medicaid coverage of abortion to millions—many of them low-income and people of color. As president, I will fight to end the assault on reproductive health, including the repeal of Hyde. 
 Thank you for always being a great friend to down-ballot-candidates like  
Big news, everyone—we just surpassed our increased $2 million goal! Thank you, thank you, thank you. Six and a half more hours until our end-of-quarter fundraising deadline. Let's keep the momentum going!  
My campaign manager likes to raise the steaks...but this time he underestimated our salad foundation of grassroots supporters who I know will turnip the heat in these final hours before deadline. Donate now to grow our campaign (and so goes vegan!)  
My dad taught me to tie my shoes ; shave, but more importantly, he taught me to love unconditionally ; live a life of service. Too often that’s not how fathers of color are depicted. Grateful  ;  are changing how we portray Black ; Brown fatherhood. 
Our campaign took a risk by embracing radical transparency, but thanks to this team of grassroots donors, it's been our best period of fundraising yet. We still have one day left in the quarter—help us run through the tape by going to  and chipping in. 
$1.7 million wasn’t just a goal—it was the real number we knew was necessary for us to continue building an organization that can take us all the way to the White House. We have what we need to grow, but let’s not stop now. 
We still have a full day before the end-of-quarter fundraising deadline at 11:59 p.m. Help us keep the momentum going by giving again to help us raise another $216,495 for a total of $2 million. 
You put us back on a trajectory where we know we can be competitive. There’s a viable path forward, and I’m staying in this race because I know we can win it.
I have some incredible news, team. Last night at 8:16 p.m., we reached our $1.7 million goal. I’m so grateful that at the most critical moment of this campaign, thousands of people in all 50 states came together to give us the boost we needed. 
I've known since we were at Yale together—and let me tell you, this guy is special. Deeply committed to helping people, a fierce advocate for his community, Jaime is exactly who South Carolinians need in their corner. I was so proud to join him today in Orangeburg. 
 is an opportunity to reflect and set our intentions. For me, that's committing myself to a spirit of hopefulness and manifesting a greater sense of kindness toward those around me. L'Shanah Tovah to everyone celebrating! May you be blessed with a sweet year.
 Happy birthday, Scout! Keep fighting for the things you believe in—I'll be right there with you.
Growing up, my parents taught me all about civic activism, not just by telling, but by showing. So I’m always grateful when parents bring their kids to our events. It’s the best way we can inspire the next generation of activists. 
Celebrate  with this brew-ti-ful mug: 
 Thank you so much to for joining and our team to kickoff a canvass today in PWC. We are gra…
Our party’s strength comes from the grassroots, from going door to door, person by person, block by block, signature by signature, in every election from state rep to the White House. And at this moral moment, that’s more important than ever. 
It’s past time corporations realize the heart of their business isn’t profit, it’s people. Proud to stand with our Local 239 family this morning in White Marsh, MD in their fight for quality health care. 
 Leave the kittens out of it, bro
 🗣️🗣️OCTOBER 8TH IS THE DAY🗣️🗣️All hands on deck for the Epping special election! Team is here in full force…
The safety of the American people—and the integrity of our democracy—aren't bargaining chips. 
My campaign manager is back today, taking you on a tour of our campaign headquarters. Tune in for a behind-the-scenes look at the operation that powers this campaign. 
Thank you and for reminding Congress that any gun safety measures we pass must serve Black and Brown communities. 
Chicago. St. Louis. DC. We need to call this what it is—an epidemic. There are commonsense solutions to ending gun violence, and it's long past time our country's leaders take action to implement those. 
We can't move forward into a clean energy economy without righting the wrongs of decades of pollution and corporate greed in marginalized communities—that's why, as president, I will make the most sweeping investment to advance environmental justice.
 Latha, thank you for your kind words, your commitment to justice, and the light you spread in your community. Grateful to have you on our team.
 
 It’s an honor to serve with you, Steve. Thank you for your support!
This  we celebrate César Chávez, a fighter for workers’ rights, civil rights, and farmworkers, whose leadership will continue to inspire for generations. 
Congratulations to on a half century of leadership in fighting for abortion care, birth control, paid parental leave and protections from pregnancy discrimination. Our country is better because of you! 
As my friend Bryan Stevenson says, we have a criminal justice system that treats you better if you’re rich and guilty than poor and innocent. That's wrong, and it's got to change.
This team. Whether it's sharing your stories of resilience on the campaign trail, inspiring those around you with your commitment to seeking justice, or lifting others with your positivity, you never fail to motivate me. 
It's not surprising that Donald Trump doesn't know the difference between patriotism and treason. 
It takes a deeply special person to provide the support and attention needed to care for our loved ones—and they deserve the right to unionize, just like anyone else. Proud to stand alongside in support of Rockingham County Rehabilitation and Nursing Center.
The whistleblower complaint is explosive. It paints a sobering picture of a president abusing his power for his own political gain against US national security interests. Americans deserve to know the truth—that's why an impeachment inquiry is so critical ; our moral obligation.
 Presidential candidate wants to challenge Americans to do more. Blavity Politics sat down with the Democ…
The apathy from congressional Republicans on standing up to the NRA and ending gun violence never fails to astound. 
 Thank you so much for your kind words, Rebecca. Grateful for your activism.
Well, we found one thing that's transparent: your deception. We're not going to let you do this again to another patriot. 
It's only Wednesday, and we're already 59 percent to our end-of-quarter fundraising goal. This is within our grasp. Let's keep fighting.  
For too many Americans, a criminal conviction is like a life sentence—affecting the ability to vote, get housing, ; get back to work. I applaud and the Columbia City Council for advancing our goals of justice, rehabilitation ; redemption. 

We said he’s been corrupting the office since the beginning. Today the White House agreed.
We're beginning to have an irrefutable picture of this president acting against the national interest. He should be held to account. 
In 2016, Trump welcomed foreign adversaries to meddle in our democracy for his own gain. Now he appears to be using the same playbook to remain in power. I applaud Speaker Pelosi's announcement of an impeachment inquiry—it’s our one remaining path to ensuring justice is served.
Today is  and if you get one thing out of this post, I hope it's that you should go to  and confirm your registration. But today, I also want to share my own experience voting for the first time in 1988. Listen to my story. 
Iowa—I see you, and I love you. 
Nothing will change unless we do. 
 The future of our democracy is at stake. I truly believe the time to begin impeachment proceedings against this president…
This isn't a partisan issue—or shouldn't be.When the president of the United States is working with other countries to interfere with our elections, we should begin impeachment proceedings. 
If you need a license to drive a car, you should need a license to own a gun—it's that simple.
 I see you, I love you.
We have one of the strongest teams out there—but we have to keep growing. Go to  and chip in to help keep us competing in this race. 
Commonsense, evidence-based things have driven down gun violence in other countries—it’s time we address this crisis in our own. 
 is right—pay equity is deeply unjust, and it's been historically unaddressed for Native women. We must pass the Paycheck Fairness Act.  
🚨 The DNC just announced it's raising the debate donor threshold to 165,000. 🚨Chip in now to help keep my voice in this race. 
Voting might not begin until February, but the choices you’ll have then are being determined right now. I need your help today. Chip in $5, $10—whatever you can—to help us build a campaign that can compete.  
“I want people to realize you’re never too broken to be fixed. thank you for sharing your story and your bright light with us. The world is a more beautiful place because you’re here. 
It's been my mission to create uncommon coalitions to take on big problems—from turning around a city as mayor to passing major bipartisan criminal justice reform as senator. As president, I'll bring people together to take on our toughest challenges.  
 Joining us this morning: 
 Thanks so much, Josh! Grateful to you
Join my campaign manager live for a conversation about the state of our race and what our campaign needs to grow our operation fast enough to compete and win. Tune in now: 
 Sarah, your support lifts me more than you know. Thank you for your kind words!
The level of transparency with which we’re approaching our September end-of-quarter fundraising deadline is unprecedented—that’s because we know the only way we’ll succeed is by uniting around a common goal. Text TOGETHER to 40203 to get daily updates on our progress.
 Thank you, Amy! We can do this!
 Thank you for your kind words, Kyla!
 Thank you, brother. Grateful for your support!
We're coming up against our most critical end-of-quarter yet. But we've approached this challenge with radical transparency because we believe in this team and our ability to come together to meet big challenges—chip in now to help keep us in this race.  
It's time for us as Democrats to remember who we are. 
Text TOGETHER to 40203 to get daily updates on our progress toward this critical end-of-quarter fundraising goal—we’re going to need your help to make this happen. 
 
When I think about the thousands of people across this country—in every single state, in fact—who have chipped in today to help keep us in this race, I'm moved and so energized. Help keep the momentum going:  
 We’re gonna need a bigger tracker!
Go to  to donate today and help us build the organization we need to compete. 
We will rise for health care for all.We will rise for public schools.We will rise to end the scourge of gun violence.We will rise for union labor.We will rise for one another.
“We cannot define ourselves by what we’re against or who we’re against, we must define ourselves by who we are and what we’re for.” —Cory at 
“I am proud to be in this election that is about many things—and the policy issues are so urgent—but this election is a referendum of spirit. This election isn’t about one guy in one office, it’s about who we are and who we must be to each other.” —Cory at 
The next 10 days will decide whether or not we can win this race.I’m about to take the stage at the Polk County Democrats’ Steak Fry. Tune in now to hear my take on what we need to do to build the organization needed to compete for this nomination. 
Hey, Steak Fry, we're about to show you what  is all about.  
 Thank you, Ryan, for your continued support!
 Thanks for chipping in, Alaina! You're right—it really does make a difference
 Taking  literally. Thank you for your contribution!
 Charlotte, thank you so much for your kind words. Grateful for you.
 Brad, thank you, thank you, thank you. I appreciate this!
 Thanks so much for your support, Jen. Hope you enjoyed your
 Thank you so much, Andrew! Grateful for your support
 That's dedication!
 Thanks for helping me have the time to win you over
 You two are making my morning. Thank you for your kind, kind words!
 Emily, thank you for lifting our campaign 
 🤣
 Notes like this one motivate me more than you know, Kathleen. Thank you for your donation!
 Thank you, Rebecca!
 Thank you for spreading the word, Damon!
 Thank you, Patti! Deeply grateful
 Ellen, from the bottom of my heart, thank you. This means the world 
This is a herculean challenge—but it can be done. I know because we’ve done it before. So today, I’m asking for your help. Chip in $5, $10—whatever you can—to help keep my voice in this race: 
If you’re all in for me, I can't thank you enough. But if you haven’t settled on a candidate ; still think my voice belongs in this race, if you believe the Democratic field should include someone like me, I want you to understand the field may narrow ; pay attention to this too.
We’re at a crossroads in this campaign. We need to raise $1.7 million by September 30 to be in a position to build the organization we need to compete for the nomination—and we can do it—but if we don’t, we don’t see a legitimate long-term path forward.
This isn't an end-of-quarter stunt. This is a real, unvarnished look under the hood of our campaign at a level of transparency unprecedented in presidential politics.
It’s an unusual move for a campaign like ours to be this transparent, but there can be no courage without vulnerability. I want people to see where we are and understand that we have a pathway to victory, but I can’t walk it alone. 
I’ll be a president who fights for LGBTQ+ issues every day by using the platform of the presidency to inspire and ignite justice, compassion and a more courageous empathy—so that we see the equal worth and dignity of all Americans.  
  talks about his plan to confront the epidemic of violence against trans people, especially trans women of color. 
 It is entirely unsurprising to me that Sen. Cory Booker is getting rave reviews tonight. I've met him many times, and he's al…
So excited to be in Iowa for the  joining and so many others to talk about important issues impacting the lives of LGBTQ Americans. Watch live: 
One of my favorite things about our campaign? The fun we have everywhere we go. This team proves that when you come together, you rise together.  
 Amen was proud to participate in the process. The Democratic nominee for president is going to ha…
This story is stunning and should be shaking Washington right now—Donald Trump's moral vandalism disqualifies him from being president. As I've said before, it's time for impeachment proceedings. 
The stock market may be surging to record highs, but most Americans are not seeing the benefit. We need economic policies that work for all Americans—and that’s what I’ll fight for as president. Here’s my plan:  
Our planet is in crisis—but we aren't powerless to combat it. Inspired by the young people leading on today's  and committed to standing alongside them in the battle against climate change.  
When it comes to our changing climate, the time to act is now. Tune in as I sit down with to discuss what we can do to combat it. 
Nearly half of all workers make less than $15 per hour, and can’t save fast enough to cover an unexpected expense. That’s unacceptable—but we can fix it. I’ve outlined a plan to empower workers and create an economy that works for all Americans:  
Have a conscience, GM. Do the right thing and negotiate a fair contract. 
Ms. Emily was a force and a shining example of a servant's heart—today is a sad day for South Carolina and all who were touched by her. Praying for and sending all my love to Rep. Clyburn and the entire Clyburn family. 
Proud to stand alongside my friend in calling on Congress to grant DC statehood—anything less is voter suppression, plain and simple. Tune in to watch the historic hearing here:  
When federal and state governments fail to act, it falls to cities to do what they can to protect their citizens from gun violence and hate crimes—a responsibility I felt deeply in Newark. Grateful to see Columbia taking steps to keep its citizens safe. 
This isn't leadership—it's insecurity. As president, I'll fight alongside our climate leaders to achieve a 100% carbon neutral economy no later than 2045. 
My dad grew up poor in NC but was able to lift our family into the middle class. Today, that dream is out of reach for too many Americans. As president, I’ll fight for policies to create an economy that works for everyone. 
 Wow-another very strong proposal for labor law reform.  puts out a bold statement in favor of sectoral bargainin…
 Lots of great stuff in Booker's new economic plan, but his capital gains tax proposal is very notable and bold: he proposes…
  is latest  candidate to recognize we must fundamentally change discriminatory ; outdated labor laws. An…
 We need an economy that works for all Americans—not just the rich and powerful. Today, laid out his vision for…
Our economy isn’t working for most Americans. As president, I'll work to transform our economy by empowering workers, restructuring our laws so our workplaces are fairer ; more inclusive, and rebalancing our tax system. Here's how: 
Excessive sentences don’t make us safer—they tear at the fabric of our communities. It’s time to right this wrong. 
Get your limited-edition “Vote, Dagnabbit!” sticker before we run out! 
 TONIGHT  Senator ; Jimmy swears in the new  
Tune in TONIGHT to catch me on with special guest Check your local listings for airtime. 
2 Lombardi trophies, 2 Super Bowl MVPs, 2 times the Pats didn't break America's heart. Thanks for the memories, Eli. DJ, let’s go! 
As president, I will end subsidies to the fossil fuel industry, ramp up taxes on corporate polluters, and use the nearly $20 billion every year to invest in communities devastated by years of neglect.It’s time we put people over polluters.Read my plan: 
Factory farming destroys our environment ; hurts family farmers. We need to put a stop to the corporate consolidation of the agriculture industry—that’s why I wrote a bill to stop new ag mergers and will fight for this issue as president. 
As president, I will approach every trade deal with two questions: How will this benefit American Labor and how will it affect our climate? 
Thank you, 
I'm running to be a  because I know the urgency of ending gun violence in communities like mine that see it everyday ; can't wait. We know things like gun licensing will save lives—we can get it done. Proud to be a part of this video with 
 In the third debate, made it clear that he is the candidate to unite our country and turn our common pain…
 After watching in the third debate deliver a strong, unifying message and a command of key issues, I know he’…
 The third debate reminded us why is the leader our country needs to bring us together and move us forward. I'm…
My grandfather was an assembly line worker ; union rep outside of Detroit who showed me the power of collective action as a force to improve lives ; right injustice. I stand with UAW workers in their fight for fair wages, better benefits ; reversal of plant closures. 
This new allegation and additional corroborating evidence adds to a long list of reasons why Brett Kavanaugh should not be a Supreme Court justice. I stand with survivors and countless other Americans in calling for impeachment proceedings to begin. (2/2)
Brett Kavanaugh’s confirmation should have never happened in the first place. It was the result of a broken process designed by Senate Republicans to brush aside deeply troubling and credible allegations. (1/2)
Excited to kick off  recognizing the culture and contributions of Hispanic Americans to our communities, our country and across the world. Today, in honor of this celebration, I’d like to pay tribute to labor leader and civil rights activist, Dolores Huerta. 
I challenge my fellow presidential candidates to sign on to my plan to begin the clemency process for the 17,000-plus nonviolent drug offenders serving unjust and excessive sentences on Day One as president—it’s the right thing to do. Learn more:  
Washington, DC is such an inspiring and beautiful place during  Thank you for coming out to have brunch with me this weekend. 
 so great to have you join us!
The real question isn’t who is or isn’t a racist—the question is who is or isn't doing something about it. As president, I will create an office in the White House to deal with the problem of white supremacy and hate crimes. 
I’ve heard story after story about how farmers are struggling to survive because of corporate concentration in the ag sector. We need policies that support family farmers ; ranchers—that’s what I’ve fought for in the Senate ; will fight for as president. 
We have had more people die due to gun violence in my lifetime than in every single war we've been involved in, starting from the Revolutionary War, combined. As president, I will lead a movement for major reform of our gun safety laws. We can’t let this bloodshed continue. 
Saddened to hear of the passing of civil rights activist ; leader, Juanita Abernathy, who led the movement—from marching on Washington, boycotting in Montgomery, walking in Selma. Her spirit will live on through her tremendous contributions. My thoughts are with her loved ones. 
 And it’s a great one. It was how I was introduced to Cory Booker, and it inspired me. He’s always been this way. 
So grateful for the opportunity to share my vision for how we can build a more fair and just country for all Americans during last night's  I truly believe at my core that when we join together and work together, we will rise together—let’s get it done. 
 Since debate shout-out last night for my documentary STREET FIGHT, I've gotten a bunch of messages from pe…
 Sen was the clear winner of last night's debate. He spoke passionately on the issues—in particular, gun safety refo…
Martha is a fierce, authentic advocate for the people of New Hampshire—I’m so honored to have her support in this race. 
 Ignore everyone else. Cory Booker won the debate - and just proved he's the one to watch for president 
Get your limited-edition “Vote, Dagnabbit!” sticker today! 
  spoke passionately about gun violence during the  
The test of America right now? It’s not a referendum on Donald Trump—it’s a referendum on who we are and who we’re going to be as a people.  
  Cory was amazing tonight! His message and understanding  were hopeful and holistic
If you take one thing away from tonight's  
 Estamos tan orgullosos de terminar la primera reunión del Debate Demócrata en español para Cory Booker! Juntos triunfamos!…
 These people make my heart sing, and they’re all here because brought us together, just like he will with Am…
 Tonight’s big winner in the  was He put forward a clear vision for our country—one that’s optimi…
 CNN commentary praise for in debate, "taught a master class," showed how to bring people together on healt…
The way we've won every fight for justice in our history is by uniting in common purpose—that's not only how we’ll win back the White House, it's how we'll repair the damage Trump has done and make justice and opportunity real for all. Chip in and join us: 
  “The people in my community, living in the projects, told me, don't give up on the people and the people won't give…
 I mean … 
 Tonight, made a passionate plea for gun safety.For Booker, this is personal. Shootings are an everyday r…
Tonight, I shared my vision for our country—it's the same one I've had for two decades. My entire career I've run toward big problems and accomplished things that people said were impossible—and every time, it was through uniting folks around a common purpose to get the job done. 
If you want to go fast, go alone, but if you want to go far, go together.That's my best lesson—trust people.That's what we need now—to unite in common cause and common purpose. Then, there’s nothing we can’t do as a nation. 
Our president should take a holistic approach to education—✔️Raise teachers’ salaries✔️Fully fund special education✔️Combat poverty✔️Combat racial segregation✔️Combat the criminal justice system✔️Deal with environmental justice
 👏👏🏽👏🏾 to for mentioning reproductive healthcare for veterans. Everyone needs access to full, comprehensive reproduct…
We can’t have a conversation about foreign policy and our troops overseas without discussing the veterans in our country. We’ve got to give them the care they’ve earned.  
  "The problem is that Trump's "America First" policy is actually "America alone." He's trying to go up against Chin…
Donald Trump is a president who has a better relationship with dictators than Merkel and Macron. Our power is magnified when we stand with our allies in common cause and common purpose. 
 Glad to see call it like it is – shootings are a day to day reality in far too many communities. We need t…
 "This is not a side issue to me; this is a central issue to me." on gun violence prevention at the 
"I will ... bring a fight to the NRA and the corporate gun lobby like they have never seen before." —Cory at  
  sobre el racismo en Estados Unidos.    
I believe Medicare for All is the best way to rationalize our broken health care system—and I’ll work toward this ideal of health coverage being a right for all Americans. But every day I'll join with others to make progress happen for the people who are struggling now. 
Our criminal justice system treats you better if you’re rich ; guilty than poor ; innocent. Everyone on this stage should say they’re going to give clemency to the 17,000 people in jail unjustly—we need to reform this system ; do it now. Every day we wait is too long. 
We know Donald Trump is a racist, but you don't get a badge of courage for calling him that. We need to focus on ending the systemic ways racism infects our society and laws every day.  
"We've got one shot to make Donald Trump a one-term president, and we cannot lose it." —Cory at 
We can’t sacrifice progress on the altar of purity. Lots of folks can’t afford to wait for a litmus test—their blood pressure is high today. They need insulin today. They can’t wait for promises that perfection will come tomorrow. Health care must be a right for all Americans.
It's more important than ever to remember that the way we’ve won every fight for justice in our history is by uniting. That’s not only how we will win back the White House, it’s how we will repair the damage Trump has done and make justice and opportunity real for every American. 
Game time.  
Debate prep is hard. 
Our history is a perpetual testimony to the achievement of the impossible. I’m running for president because I believe that if we join together, work together ; fight together—then we can accomplish things others say can’t be done. Join us by chipping in:  
Could not be more excited for tonight’s  in Houston! To get real-time updates from my team during the debate, text DEBATE to 40203—and we’ll also send you an exclusive Justice for All wallpaper.
When I first ran for city council in 1998, I did it with a message of unity—that the ties that bind us are stronger than the lines that divide us. Today, I'm running for president, but my message is the same: We'll beat Donald Trump by coming together—that's how we'll rise. 
 Good to see receive  candidate distinction. To read Cory’s plan to address gun violence, go…
Stay in the loop during tomorrow’s  DEBATE to 40203 to receive real-time updates from my campaign, and we’ll also send you our exclusive Justice for All wallpaper! 
Tomorrow we're hosting debate watch parties across the country. This is how we build community—talking with family, friends ; neighbors about how we defeat Trump ; unite the country. Find a party in your area—or consider hosting your own! 
Racist. Heartless. Cruel.TPS status should be granted immediately.The moral vandalism of this administration is bottomless. We need a new president. 
What can I say, black don't crack 🤷🏾‍♂️ 
It’s been 18 years since the horror of 9/11—when we saw humanity's worst in the terror inflicted on our nation ; its best in our first responders. Today we honor those we lost including hundreds of New Jerseyans—let’s honor them not just with words but with our actions ; service.
Nearly 22,000 Americans die by firearm suicide every year—59 people every single day. This is a major part of the gun violence epidemic that we rarely talk about. As president, I’ll make reducing firearm suicide a key priority—here's my plan to do it: 
 At  reflecting on  targeting  says that as President he'd create a White House of…
 “Democracy is not about one person in one office. It’s a team sport.” Cory Booker   
It's Election Day, North Carolina, and you are so lucky to have a guy like to vote for—someone with a bold vision and heart to serve. Confirm your polling location and go vote for him before 7:30pm! 
 On  I’d like to acknowledge that heard my story about my mom’s suicide w a gun ; chose t…
This unconstitutional bill in South Carolina is just the latest example of the GOP trying to prevent women from accessing a critical health care service. We must continue to fight back. Access to safe, legal abortion is a constitutional right, and must always be protected. 
Suicide is the 10th leading cause of death in the US—and the 2nd leading cause among youth—but it's also preventable. That starts with raising awareness about this issue. If you need help, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline: 1-800-273-8255 
My bill is based on a simple idea: if you need a license to drive a car, you should need a license to buy and possess a gun.We have the data: gun licensing will save lives. Congressional inaction is proving deadly—we must act now to keep Americans safe.
Gun violence takes 100 lives every day in this country, but we know what we can do right now to save thousands of lives—gun licensing, universal background checks, assault weapons bans ; more. We just need leaders with the moral courage ; determination to get it done. 
My first day as president I’ll start a historic clemency process for those serving time for:✅ Marijuana-related offenses ✅ Unjust sentences due to the crack and powder cocaine sentencing disparity✅ Certain mandatory minimums that were already reduced for some
Cruel and illegal—this administration is turning away Bahamians whose houses were destroyed by Hurricane Dorian. Let them in. 
 Anytime!
 Thank you. Quark shows us there is a universe of possibility in all. No finite foible can ever undermine the infinite possibility for grace and redemption. Gold Plated Latinum for you!
When I went to DC they said we couldn't reform our broken justice system. But we passed the First Step Act ; began to turn the tide of mass incarceration. The fight for criminal justice reform is far from over—I'm looking forward to this conversation about the next steps forward. 
This election is not a referendum on one guy in one office—this election is a referendum on who we are, and who we must be to each other. It is a referendum on the spirit of our country—and America, we will rise. 
Our challenges—from corporate corruption to campaign finance to criminal justice ; more—are interrelated. We can’t focus on each in a vacuum. So when we discuss health care, let’s not just talk about doctors ; nurses, let’s also talk about healthy food systems ; our environment. 
New Hampshire, we need to bring the same energy ; enthusiasm you showed me today to the election next year ; beyond. Beating Donald Trump is the floor, not the ceiling—let's win this election, and then quickly get to work together to build a fair ; just country for all Americans. 
When we join together, work together, and fight together—there's nothing we can't get done. That's how we're going to beat Trump—and that's how we'll rise.Thank you, New Hampshire, for lifting me today. 
We can’t afford to think about climate change in a vacuum—it must be the lens with which we look at every single issue. 
1. So grateful for my awesome team.2. I can't wait to meet our debate contest winner! 
 'I'm not sure I'll ever get to interview you again, so I'm just going to speak my mind. This topic is life and death for m…
Bryan Stevenson’s book  continues to have such a profound impact on my life—I’m so excited to see that this incredible story has been adapted into a feature film with ; Seriously can't wait to see this. 
The HHS Inspector General officially concluded what we already knew—that children who were separated from their parents suffered anxiety, fear ; showed signs of PTSD. The moral vandalism of this administration never seems to hit bottom. These are children. 
Thank you for the heartfelt and honest discussion on a more just health care system and how we get there. You inspire. 
Our party needs to get on board with a bold vision on what’s going to protect our country from gun violence—things like gun licensing which has been proven to save lives. Governments are formed for the common defense and it's our duty to do everything we can to end this carnage. 
We can't stand by while polluters poison our children and make our air unbreathable. 
Our public lands support a growing outdoor recreation economy, provide important wildlife refuges and environments, and distinguish America from the rest of the world. They're also critical assets in the fight against climate change. I'm proud my plan recognizes that. 
 "We can't leave sectors of our society out of the solutions to [the climate crisis]. This has to be a unifying call, and we…
 One of our favorite  moments from last night’s  was  
Last night at the CNN  I emphasized why climate change can't be a separate issue—it must be THE issue. It is the lens through which we must look at everything that we do. 
Just got off the stage at tonight’s CNN  where I outlined my plan to make the US economy 100% carbon neutral by 2045, while creating millions of new jobs in the process. If you're with me in this fight, please chip in now: 
Corporate corruption, campaign finance, agriculture, environmental justice—all these things are interrelated. You can’t separate them out. 
  Climate is not a separate issue — it is the issue, the lens, through which we must do everything that we do. 
I’m about to take the stage for the CNN  Tune in now to watch: 
 Climate change is one of the most existential threats of our lifetime. I am proud to announce my support for
People of color, low-income communities and family farmers are on the front lines of climate change—economic and environmental justice demands we transition to a carbon-neutral economy as soon as we possibly can.
 We applaud Climate and Environmental Justice Plan. His strong vision calls for achieving a carbon-neutral econo…
Looking forward to tonight's  and sharing my plan for how we can get to a 100% clean energy economy, create millions of good-paying jobs, and guarantee the right to clean air, water, and soil for all Americans. Tune in at 11:20pm ET.
 Sen. is right. Companies like are making it too difficult for workers to make ends meet. 
Climate change is real. And it’s an immediate threat—not some far away thing that will happen decades from now. We need a Green New Deal to tackle climate change and build a green economy.
This week more of our kids will head back to school to learn how to shelter in place to hide from active shooters—it’s an absurd reality ; not normal. We need to end this madness ; reclaim our freedom from the fear ; trauma that this violence brings to Americans every single day. 
We are facing a climate crisis—and the evidence is everywhere:✅ Global temperature rise✅ Sea level rise✅ Extreme weather events✅ Public health threatsThe time for talk is over. As president, I will act: 
We’re on track to win this campaign and here’s why: 
Climate change is the greatest existential threat of our lifetime and must be the lens through which we create policy—everything we do now has to be about meeting this crisis. 
  was one of the first Senators to back the  goals — before the original resolution was even introd…
 TONIGHT: Tune in as joins at 8pm ET.  
 Thank you to Senator    and everyone who came out and made our inaugural Labo…
 Thank you for hosting a great Labor Day cookout in support of unions and labor—honored to be there.
 Tonight, 2020 Democratic candidate Sen. joins Watch on at 8pm ET. 
  plan has all the staples of the  clean energy by 2030⚖Environmental justice🌎Clean ai…
Good. 
 Our next president’s climate plan cannot just be to “rejoin the Paris Agreement.” America must lead the world in a global…
  just rolled out a bold plan to combat climate change.The $3 trillion plan would:- Make the U.S. economy 100%…
 Cory Booker unveils $3 trillion climate crisis plan  
 Presidential candidate Cory Booker unveiled a $3 trillion climate change plan today that includes major curbs on fossil fuels…
 There can be no climate action without climate justice. We applaud for centering the voices of frontline communit…
 No one should have to forgo a checkup to cover rent, or ration prescription drugs to buy food for their families. I'm proud to support guaranteed, quality, affordable health care as a basic human right for all Americans.
 Without struggle there is no progress. So thankful I got to sit down with to center people in the struggle for quality health care.
 Health care is personal. It's a conversation that needs to be had face-to-face, with real stories — not debate stage quips.…
We’re facing a dual crisis of climate change and economic inequality—and without immediate action, the toll is unimaginable. But this is a fight I know we can win.Read my plan to combat climate change here: 
We must combat corporate power with worker power. Great spending Labor Day celebrating our union members and workers at Labor Day Cookout. 
My friend Natasha Laurel was a waitress at an IHOP in Newark. She worked full time and picked up any extra shift she could get, but inevitably, she still struggled to make ends meet. This  we must commit to fighting for workers like Natasha. 
Gracias Blanca por la oportunidad de hablar sobre mi campaña—mi comunidad es la razón de mi lucha diaria. 
Mandatory evacuations begin today in Florida, South Carolina, and Georgia. To those in the path of Hurricane Dorian, please stay alert, be prepared, and listen to your local leaders. 
If you believe we need to have a serious conversation about climate change, you won't want to miss this—chip in now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to win two tickets to join me at the  in New York City: 
So honored to have this powerful conversation with and excited to share it with you—please tune in tomorrow.  
By joining a union, my grandfather was able to get better wages and benefits, break my family out of poverty and enter the middle class. Today I celebrate  knowing I wouldn't be here if it weren't for the right to organize—we must continue this fight for workers' rights. 
Today we remember and honor those who fought for workers’ rights—for fair wages, decent benefits, safe working conditions, the right to unionize and more. We know this fight is far from over and we will not rest until we achieve economic justice for all Americans. 
When we finally achieve guaranteed health care for all Americans, it will be because of people like my friend who has never given up the fight even for a second, and inspires us all. Health care is a human right—and our health care system must reflect this. 
 ⚡️"Getting Ready for Hurricane  lot of great information has been shared this week on how to prepare for hurricane…
Gun violence is ravaging our country—there have been more mass shootings this year than number of days. We need to bring the fight to the NRA and corporate gun lobby like it’s never seen before. Enough.
A 17-month-old baby.It’s perverse that we live in a society where this is allowed to happen. My heart goes out to all those affected by today’s mass shootings in Odessa and Midland, Texas. 
Beginning on Day One in office, I will take executive action to reduce gun violence—closing dangerous loopholes in gun sales, cracking down on gun manufacturers, and investing in communities impacted by gun violence.
Our major end-of-month fundraising deadline is tonight at midnight—please help us meet our goal by chipping in: 
 Floridians should continue to be prepared with at least a 7 day supply of food, water, and medicine  – much of the s…
If you’re in the path of  please stay safe and follow and for updates.
 As you prepare for  plan for your specific needs:✅ Include medication in your emergency kit✅ Charge assistive devi…
Eviction is devastating on its own, but the cycle it causes can send individuals into a spiral of financial distress. My housing justice plan will end tenant blacklisting ; create an Eviction Right to Counsel Fund for tenants who need legal representation. 
I got my start as a tenants' rights organizer, so I know first-hand the power of grassroots organizing. That's one of the reasons I'm so excited to see our party investing in organizers with Find a training near you to get involved: 
There’s still time left to win a trip to see Cory Booker at the next debate in Houston, TX.Make a donation (of any amount—even $1!) and you’ll be entered for a chance to win a trip for you and a guest—flight and stay in Houston on us!
Every American should be angered by this injustice. We need to legalize marijuana nationwide but that doesn’t go far enough—we also need to expunge records ; reinvest in communities hardest hit by our failed drug war. We need justice for Karla, her dad ; so many others. 
Want to join me at the next debate in Houston?We’ll take care of your flight and lodging (plus a guest!)—just chip in now and be automatically entered for a chance to win.
Celebrating Thurgood Marshall who was confirmed as the first Black Supreme Court Justice on this day in 1967. 
A little too excited for college football season! (also, more proof I once had hair)   
There is no neutrality in this fight. You are either an agent of justice or you are contributing to the problem. 
You heard it from Joe Biden first: Cory Booker’s our future president. Want to support Cory at the next debate? Chip in right now and you’ll be automatically entered for a chance to win a trip for you and a guest -- your flight and stay in Houston on us.
Today, I was in Tulsa, Oklahoma visiting the community of Greenwood, an area formerly known as Black Wall Street that was destroyed nearly 100 years ago in one of the worst incidents of racial violence in our history.  
Addressing white supremacy is an act of national security—we need to take this growing threat seriously. Right-wing extremists have carried out most of the terror attacks here since 9/11—and the majority of those were white supremacists. As president, I'll root out these threats.
Watch live: 
It’s absurd that we live in a nation where someone who was convicted of stalking their girlfriend can still go out ; buy a gun.Where you could be on a terrorist no-fly list ; still be able to go to a gun show ; buy a trunk-load full of weapons.We need to change our gun laws. 
64 years ago Emmett Till was brutally murdered by white supremacists. He was 14.Today, hate crimes are on the rise. We must confront this in our laws ; through more moral leadership.Our justice system was silent in the face of hate then. We can’t let history repeat itself.
This is not how you treat the heroes and their families serving our country. 
Kirsten, you are my sister and one of the most righteous fighters I know. I'll miss our run-ins on the trail, but women, New Yorkers, and all Americans are lucky to have you resolutely at their sides. 
  returns to NH September 6-8 for his 7th visit! Cory has: visited all 10 counties; held 45 events; met 6…
So honored to join the today to talk about my vision for strengthening workers’ rights and the organizing power of unions. Quality jobs are about so much more than a paycheck—they're about dignity and economic justice. 
Just yesterday this president gutted FEMA's disaster relief fund to bolster ICE family separation efforts. In one fell swoop, he's perpetuating one crisis while opening the door to another. 
Looking forward to this important conversation on September 20th. 
 in 1963, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., delivered his “I Have a Dream” speech. In it, he said “1963 is not an end, but a beginning.” Today please, take a moment today to listen, then recommit yourself to being a foot soldier in the fight against racism.  
So grateful for who is fighting every day to fix our badly broken health care system. Please watch this powerful trailer, and stay tuned for my interview with Ady. 
Like Cecile said, keeping students safe has to be a national priority. It's incumbent on all of us to do our part to end sexual violence. 
Austin, Texas! Looking forward to this happy hour at tomorrow night—if you’re in town, please join us! RSVP here: 
In my community, kids fear fireworks on the 4th of July because they sound like gunshots. It's the same in so many communities across the country—from Newark to Charlotte, from San Diego to Chicago and everywhere in between. Enough.
Taking a moment to reflect on President Barack Obama's history-making achievement 11 years ago this week when he became the first Black candidate to win the nomination of a major party for president. 
In the last 50 years alone, we’ve had more people die in our country due to gun violence than in every single war we’ve had going back to the Revolutionary War… combined. And this disproportionately affects Black ; Brown communities like mine. Enough. We must end this violence. 
Looking forward to this today! 
Big Pharma contributed to an opioid crisis that continues to destroy countless lives and communities in every corner of our country. They must be held accountable. 
A long-deserved honor to a legendary athlete and pioneer. 
We’re building our campaign from the ground up—brick by brick—and proving when we come together ; fight for something bigger than ourselves, anything's possible. That's why my team set an ambitious August fundraising goal—chip in to help get us there: 
Change doesn’t come from Washington, it comes to Washington, by people who are demanding it. 
At this point, to not take action is to be complicit.  
Our moral outrage on gun violence can't be dictated by zip code or race. Just last week 4 students were shot during new student orientation near Clark Atlanta University and it hardly made the news. This too deserves our attention and action. 
I wouldn't call myself a vegan, but it's true I don't eat animal products. 
 These are the heroes and pioneers of Black women's suffrage  
So many children have been killed in St. Louis this summer—at least 12 so far—it's being called the "Summer of Murder." And the gut-wrenching fact is that refuses to take action—we have to end the epidemic of gun violence. 
The majority of terror attacks in this country since 9/11 have been carried out by right-wing extremists—and the majority of those have been white supremacists. As president I will use the full force of the presidency to root out white supremacist threats wherever they arise.
Americans are already struggling to make ends meet with the rising cost of living. Meeting the basic human need of housing shouldn’t destroy them financially. Here's my plan to provide safe, affordable housing for all Americans:   
Such powerful words (and a tough act to follow!). Everyone should watch and listen to Rev. Barber's moral call. 
We’re now accepting applications for our Fall internships (yes, they’re paid—$15/hour!) and Academic Fellowships. Please join our team! Positions are currently available in Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina, Nevada ; Newark, New Jersey.Apply here:  
Life can be pretty ruff out here on the campaign trail.  
The right to vote is still so new for women—and even newer for women of color, whose right wasn't fully enshrined until the passage of the 1965 VRA. This  I honor the progress we've made. But I also recommit to being an ally in the ongoing fight for progress.
Our country has a painful history of mistreating Native Americans. I applaud the Cherokee Nation for taking a step toward justice by appointing its long-promised delegate to the House. Kimberly Teehee is an exceptional public servant ; we’d be lucky to have her voice in Congress. 
 Ann Heffernon and I canvassing in Winchester for one of our favorite candidates, Cory Booker     
As president, I will make commonsense changes to our gun laws like requiring a license to purchase a gun, passing universal background checks, banning assault weapons ; closing loopholes that allow domestic abusers and people on terrorist watch lists to get their hands on a gun.
 I knock, she rides...it's a win win situation   
It’s not enough to simply decriminalize marijuana—we must repair the damage done to those communities that have been most harmed by the failed War on Drugs ; we must expunge the records of those who have served their time. The end we seek is not just legalization, it’s justice.
To make justice real for everyone, we must end the epidemic of gun violence—and I have the most sweeping gun violence prevention proposal ever put forth by a presidential candidate to do it: 
 Thank you to for kicking off our canvass in Reno this morning! The team is glad to have you out…
 Happy Day of Action from  in Greenville County! Every day is a great day when telling people about why we thi…
 Thank you to local leaders and Midlands women like Columbia City Councilwoman  for the warm welcome of
If you need a license to drive a car, you should need a license to buy and possess a gun. Some states are doing this already—and it saves lives.
 Can't think of anything better than spending this beautiful morning canvassing for I'm also not complaini…
Trump may have won these states last election—but this time I know it will be different. 
 In the last 6 years, so much has changed — but one thing stayed the same: never fails to make my boys laugh 😂 htt…
Some people think that speaking about hope and faith is a losing strategy—I think it’s the only way we've ever won.  
Our campaign doesn’t take a dime from corporate PACs, federal lobbyists, and fossil fuel or pharma execs. We rely on grassroots donations to power our movement—can you chip in to help us reach our end-of-month fundraising goal? 
My team will be hosting a bunch of volunteer events this weekend—canvassing, phone banking ; more. Come join our team! RSVP here:  
Very funny, Team… 🤳 
  responds to a question about Trump’s “disloyal” comments on Jewish Americans 
Grateful for this community that came together tonight in the name of building a more fair, just country. We will rise! 
 I’m here with and a few of our closest friends from San Francisco for an event tonight!  
Honored to speak with activists ; leaders about how we can end gun violence at a sacred space created by Nipsey Hussle. We know 85% of Black homicide victims are shot ; killed with guns—and the Black homicide rate is 4 times the national rate. We must act.
This move by the Trump Administration would roll back what tenuous protections currently exist for migrant children. Let's get a few things straight: kids don't belong in prison and family detention isn't an alternative to separation. 
 ‘Nobody seems to care about Black bodies and Black kids dying’ — spoke with formerly incarcerated people about…
It's essential that our next president has a strong, Democratic Senate backing them up. Good to see you continuing the fight,  
Black women make only 61 cents to every $1 paid to white men—a wage gap that reflects how Black women’s work is too often undervalued ; underpaid. We must change this and close the gender wage gap.  
Climate change must be the lens through which we view everything—it’s the existential crisis of our lifetime and the only way we're going to deal with this threat is if the United States leads. 
Blown away, LA! Thank you for an incredible evening. 
Thank you for advancing the conversation about the urgent threat of climate change—our country is better for it. I know you will continue to be a powerful voice and move the needle on this issue. We'll be right there with you.
12-year-old Asher asked me one of the more thought-provoking questions I've received on the trail. Thank you, Asher, for your advocacy! 
We're flying one winner (and their guest!) to the third  in Houston!✈️ Flights on us🏠 Lodging on us🤳 Selfies includedChip in and you’ll be automatically entered for a chance to win: 
We don't have to wait to see the effects of climate change—we're living them. Brazil’s Amazon rainforest has been burning for the last 3 weeks, and it's hardly given a second thought. We need to be paying better attention. 
 Wayne County Sheriff Benny Napoleon is backing Democrat for president, giving a boost to the New Jersey U.S. s…
We need a movement election and we need a movement leader—someone who can excite and energize Americans to get engaged in our democracy. That’s how we're running this race—and that’s how we’re going to win. 
My thoughts about the president trying to buy Greenland: It's a betrayal of our values to strip Planned Parenthood of Title X funding, and the NRA shouldn't be dictating national gun policy. 
Traveling through states that Trump won last election I’m more confident than ever that this election will be different—we will bring our country together to dream bigger and take on bolder challenges. 
Gun manufacturers should be held accountable for their role in our nation’s gun violence epidemic. We need to end legal immunity and help survivors of gun violence seek justice.  
The epidemic of gun violence in this country has led to a toxin of fear that’s starting to take over—and it's because of the inaction of leaders like Trump who ultimately are responsible. What's it going to take for us to do the common-sense things that we know will save lives? 
Thank you for your leadership, Aaron—I couldn't agree more. We need to confront the rise of hate crimes and white supremacist violence in this country. That's why I announced a plan to confront this growing threat:  
We're days away from our big Weekend of Action! Hope you’ll join for some exciting volunteer activities. Please RSVP here:  
This attack on reproductive health by the Trump Administration will have a devastating effect—particularly on people with low incomes, communities of color ; rural areas. Congress must reverse this harmful gag rule ; protect these critical services.  
Necessary but far from the justice Garner's family deserved. That this result took 5 years is a travesty. We urgently need to fix our broken criminal justice system and build communities where people aren’t afraid of those who are supposed to protect them. 
So grateful to have your support, David, and inspired by your incredible work in Wisconsin. Looking forward to winning your state together in 2020. 
As president I won’t wait to take on the epidemic of gun violence in our country. On Day One, I will:✅ Keep guns out of the wrong hands with gun licensing✅ Hold gun manufacturers accountable✅ Bring the fight to the NRA 
I will use the full force of the presidency to combat hate crimes and root out white supremacist threats wherever they are. Here’s how we’re going to do it:  
We still have so far to go to make the promise of our nation real, and achieve equal access to the ballot box for all Americans—let’s keep up the fight.
But let's not be mistaken. The fight for that fundamental right to vote is far from over for too many Americans—particularly for people of color and others who face voter suppression and other steep barriers to vote.
Today marks 99 years since the 19th Amendment was ratified and women were granted the right to vote—the hard-won result of generations of Americans who fought for their fundamental right to have their voices heard.
We as a faith community need to come together and turn our faith into action—because faith without works is dead, and we need to bring this nation back to life. 
We need to close the wealth gap—the inequality we’re seeing today hurts everyone except the rich ; well-connected ; prevents a level playing field. My baby bonds bill goes a long way toward bridging this divide ; virtually closes the racial wealth gap. 
I’ve seen the death and carnage from gun violence up close—it’s something that we see every day in America, especially in neighborhoods like mine. It must end, and as president, I will bring a fight to the NRA like it's never seen, with a personal passion to change our laws. 
My haircut may have started out as a preemptive strike on an inevitable conclusion, but it's clearly the only way to go—too many of our fellow Americans still need to join the club. Great seeing you, brother! 
For too long we've let the gun debate be framed by the NRA ; corporate gun lobby. We need to regain the narrative—it’s an assault on our basic American liberties that we can’t go to a shopping mall, synagogue, or concert without fear of violence. Enough. 
Why do you think Russians and Republicans are doing everything they can to subvert African American votes? It’s because they often realize our power more than we do—and the most common way we give up our power is not realizing we have it in the first place. If we vote, we'll win. 
The power of the people is always greater than the people in power. Standing with these students and the people of Hong Kong during their peaceful protest for freedom. 
It’s been 400 years since the first slaves were first brought here in chains. We've been living the consequences of our nation's original sin ever since. Please join me in reading this deeply powerful  series. 
Today on what would've been Nipsey Hussle’s 34th birthday, we honor his life ; legacy of art ; community empowerment. His death was a tragic reminder that far too many Black men’s lives are cut short by gun violence. So today we celebrate his life ; recommit to this urgent fight.
Right-wing extremists have been behind the majority of terrorist attacks in this country since 9/11—and most of them were white supremacists.These acts of hatred do not happen in a vacuum. We need to act to prevent more violence. Read my plan:  
From one former mayor to another—grateful for your run and commitment to bring more positivity into our politics. We'll miss you out on the trail! 
Trump’s constant attacks on Congresswomen Omar and Tlaib are no secret to Israeli leadership. Reversing this decision would demonstrate they understand the dangerous nature of Trump’s racist rhetoric both here at home and around the world. 
Yes, we need to change our gun laws—and I have the most far-reaching plan of any other candidate to do that—but we also need to confront the ugly reality of rising hate crimes and white supremacist violence in our country.Here’s my plan:  
Listen to the man—please. 
Some important information for Newark residents: 
Iowans have long deserved better than Steve King and his hateful, insulting words. He should resign.We can show him it's time to go by donating to the guy who will beat him—my inspiring friend  
Newark’s water emergency demands our federal government’s immediate attention. Everyone deserves clean, safe water—it's shameful that our national crisis of lead-contaminated water disproportionately hits poor black and brown communities like my own.
So I gotta say, the Iowa State Fair this weekend was… fairly amazing! 
So excited for my friend and this new important effort to ensure our elections are free ; fair, especially in states where elections are often decided by the smallest of margins. Please join me in watching her live speech and signing up at  
If we're not doing everything we can to stop dangerous people from getting their hands on guns, we're not doing enough. Inaction is complicity. My plan to  
This administration’s cruel new policy called  is another racist policy that targets the less fortunate ; is intended to prevent certain immigrants from becoming citizens ; voters. It’s wrong ; goes against our values. I will reverse it as president. 
How did we get to a place where our fellow citizens are being slaughtered in houses of worship, in nightclubs, at concerts—children shot hiding under their desks. As president, I will pass gun safety legislation ; bring a fight to the NRA like they’ve never seen. Enough. 
I stand with and airline workers demanding an end to poverty wages and unaffordable health insurance. One job should be enough to survive in this country. 
Loved the energy in the room, NYC! 
2 years ago, our nation watched in horror at the acts of violence ; racism in Charlottesville. Last week, 22 people were murdered in another act of white supremacist violence targeting Latinx people in El Paso. We all must speak out against this growing threat of white supremacy.
You can’t lead the people if you don’t love the people. Thank you, Milwaukee, for a truly special evening—I love you all! 
It’s long past time we pass meaningful common sense gun safety that makes our children and our families safe. 
How we  federal gun licensing program✅ universal background checks✅ ban assault weapons, high-capacity magazines, bump stocks✅ close loopholes that allow domestic abusers ; people on terrorist watchlists to buy gunsMy full plan: 
Tonight marks the start of Eid al-Adha, when Muslims across the United States and around the world honor charity, sacrifice, and community. Wishing all those celebrating a blessed Eid! 
Our nation’s patchwork of state gun laws is failing which is why bills passed by New Hampshire Democrats represented significant progress—not just for New Hampshire but for the entire region. The Governor’s vetoes of these common-sense solutions are wrong. 
 This Sunday on  with at 9a ET: Tune in! 
I was blessed to be in IA today for my Aunt Alma's homegoing. Alma was my family's matriarch, and she lived a rich ; long life before passing away at the age of 100. I'll miss my her very much, but am comforted by the fact that while death can end a life, it can never end a love. 
Or just pay women and men equally. 
 Here’s the video clip of the actual event. It is ok not to be ok. And yes, I was brave enough to shave my head!  h…
 Sunday on and more 
Gotta admit...that is one of the best looking haircuts I've ever seen. Proud of you, brother—your bravery inspires. 
The ICE raid in Mississippi left frightened children stranded at school while their parents were taken away—we're horrified and heartbroken but we can do something right now. Please turn your outrage into action ; support these families: 
Until Black people are no longer disproportionately killed by police, we should lift the voices of those like the protestors who stand up for justice—and speak out ourselves for a more fair criminal justice system that holds police accountable. To be silent is to be complicit.
I am also thinking about the everyday citizens who stood against this police violence and racism and were tear gassed for their patriotic acts. Ferguson called to the conscience of our nation and inspired a movement that rightly continues.
5 years ago, Michael Brown was killed by a police officer. His body lay on the street for hours before he was treated with humanity. I have been thinking all day about Mike and his family, and my prayers are with them.
As a former mayor who understands the unique challenges and trauma that gun violence brings to cities, I support these mayors—no one knows better than them what their communities need, and we should listen. 
Thank you Walmart employees for demanding action. Walmart should use its power to stop selling guns in its stores until politicians and gun manufacturers get their act together and raise the standard for gun ownership in this country. 
The UN report makes it clear: farmers and ranchers can help lead the way in lowering emissions and combating climate change.My new climate change bill would make this happen—we need leaders who will act with urgency.  
Thank you ; for using your platform to lift issues like criminal justice reform, women's rights, health care ; more. We know how important it is to support our communities not just with words but with actions—proud to work with you to make that happen. 
Moved by the powerful voices and leaders who’ve signed on to this op-ed, and proud to stand with them in condemning the hate and division we are seeing in this country. 
The climate crisis demands bold action—my new bill will:✅Reduce or offset 1/3 of emissions from the ag sector✅Plant 15+ billion trees✅Invest in renewable energy for farmers✅Restore 2+ million acres of coastal wetlands✅Create hundreds of thousands of good-paying jobs 
The moral vandalism of this administration has no end—how is traumatizing these kids, abandoning them, making anyone any safer? 
America has shown greatness, not because of the absence of violent bigotry and white supremacy, but because of our efforts to overcome it. We must now dedicate ourselves, as our ancestors did, to being freedom fighters—for liberty is one of our most sacred civic values. 
Thank you, Philly, for braving a torrential downpour to meet with me tonight! 
 Great talking with you—strong communities start with strong local leadership. Looking forward to seeing you soon!
Don't look away—the Trump Administration is continuing to terrorize immigrants and separate families. This is a moment of moral crisis in our country—we must do better. 
We must change our laws, but we must also confront our past. 
“There is only one way to get there—and that’s together. Only one way to win—with the power, the healing, and the salvation we find in love.” —Cory at Mother Emanuel
“We must now dedicate ourselves, as our ancestors did, to being freedom fighters—for liberty is one of our most sacred civic values.” —Cory at Mother Emanuel
“You can’t lead the people if you don’t love the people—all the people.” —Cory at Mother Emanuel
“It’s with faith in God, in one another, and in who we can be that we come here together today. Not because of hate, but because of love.” —Cory
“When evil showed itself in this church basement four years ago … this church showed us how not to allow hate, when it comes into our lives, to take root in our souls.” —Cory at Mother Emanuel
There is another story we can tell about our country.Not one that ignores our mistakes or accommodates our failures. Not one that glorifies singular heroes or the so-called “great men” of our history. A story about who we can be … together.
“We have the power to act. And we can act to legislate safety even if we cannot legislate love.” —Cory at Mother Emanuel
“Because if the answer to the question ‘do racism and white supremacy exist?’ is yes, then the real question isn't who is or isn't a racist, but who is and isn't doing something about it.” —Cory
“Our work is not complete by calling out the shortcomings of our leaders … Each person, each generation has a decision to make: do you want to contribute to our collective advancement or—through inaction or worse—to our collective retrenchment.” —Cory
“The act of anti-Latino, anti-immigrant hatred we witnessed this past weekend did not start with the hand that pulled the trigger … it was planted in fertile soil, because the contradictions that have shadowed this country since its founding remain a part of who we are.” —Cory
"White supremacy allows political leaders to promise to 'build the wall'—while not building hospitals, schools, or infrastructure.” —Cory at Mother Emanuel
“As much as white supremacy manifests itself in dangerous and deadly acts of terror, it is perpetuated by what is too often a willful ignorance or dangerous tolerance of its presence in our society.” —Cory
"Silence in the face of these injustices is a choice. To be passive is to be complicit. To ignore hate is to empower it. It is to fall back on that easy false virtue of tolerance.” —Cory at Mother Emanuel
“White supremacy has always been a problem in our American story—if not always at the surface, then lurking not so far beneath it.” —Cory at Mother Emanuel
“To love our country in this moment means we must step outside our comfort zones and confront that which is within ourselves.” —Cory at Mother Emanuel
About to speak at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, SC about gun violence and the rising tide of hatred and white nationalism in our country. Watch live: 
We can’t wait to take action on gun violence—it's on all of us right now to demand we do something differently. 
If you need a license to drive a car, you should need a license to own and operate a gun.I’ll get this done as president: 
The world just lost an incredible soul. Rest in peace, Toni Morrison. 
 – Of course I'll be at the forum on October 2.  
Lives literally depend on you doing better, NYT. Please do. 
 From his start in city council all the way to the US Senate, knows the importance of down-ballot seats. Th…
Today especially, I'm reminded just how important it is we elect people with the highest moral character to represent us—people like Iowa’s 4th District deserves so much more than what Steve King has given, and they couldn’t ask for better than JD. 
To be silent is to be complicit. I look forward to speaking on Wednesday. 
The president is weak. And wrong.White supremacy is not a mental illness, and guns are a tool that white supremacists use to fulfill their hate.
Gun violence cannot be normalized, regardless of where it happens.El Paso. Dayton. Chicago. We’re in a crisis. To my colleagues who say that now isn’t the time for politics—American lives are at stake. We need to act.
This is a national crisis. Mitch McConnell needs to bring the Senate back from recess right now and hold votes on legislation to protect Americans from gun violence. Enough. We need to end this carnage now.
One of the lessons in my faith is that you reap what you sow. When Donald Trump uses words like “infestation,” “invasion” and “shithole countries”—When he refuses to condemn Neo-Nazis and white supremacists—Trump is giving license to this kind of violence. He’s responsible. 
Enough. We need to end this national nightmare. Praying for everyone affected by this unspeakable tragedy, and for our country to find the moral courage to take action to end this carnage. 
 “This is not about one man in one office — this is about all of us, together, and the love we show to our fellow country…
 “Democracy is not a spectator sport! We have to take our nation back.”  in his opening statement!  h…
About to go on—please tune in! 
My advice for young people? Recognize your power now. 
We need someone in the Oval Office who doesn’t tear places down but builds people up—that’s the kind of leader I’ve been my whole life, and that's the leadership I’ll bring with me to the White House.Detroit—thank you for inspiring me this week. 
Maldonado is right. Pantaleo needs to go—now. 
Why are you like this? 
Too many Democrats stayed home in 2016 or were affected by Republican voter suppression or Russian interference. To win in 2020, we need to turn out Black voters, especially Black women, who are the heart of the Democratic Party. 
Thank you,  
Our call in this election is to unite in common cause and common purpose—that’s how we’ll beat Donald Trump. To the hundreds of Michiganders who came out tonight in Detroit, you make me believe! 
6 months ago today we launched our campaign to find common ground ; unite around a common purpose. If you're new to the team after last night's debate, please watch ; share the video that kicked off our campaign ; join us here:  
 Great form!
 Just hanging out with a bunch of my closest friends here in Detroit and embracing the selfie!  
 Sen. Cory Booker is right. Companies like McDonald’s are making it too difficult for workers to make ends meet. They can afford t…
My team just told me that last night was the biggest fundraising day of the campaign—by far—with an average donation of just $20.62. We still have a few hours left until we hit the full 24-hour mark—will you chip in $3 to help us keep up the momentum? 
This team is fired up! Hope to see everyone at our upcoming Rise Events. RSVP below:⬆️ Detroit TODAY @ 5:30pm: ⬆️ Philadelphia Wednesday 8/7: ⬆️ Milwaukee Sunday 8/11:  
 Cory Booker won Wednesday's debate, according to progressive activists 
Detroit! I'm staying one more day to celebrate last night's debate with you. Join me tonight at Saint Andrews Hall, doors open at 5 p.m. and you can RSVP here: 
A recap of last night's  via the 
 Boston Globe: “There was a winner and his name is He used every moment well to remind people why Booker is a…
 It's unanimous. We brought together a focus group of undecided voters. Every one of them said won the…
 Who Won Night 2 of the Democratic Debate? Experts Weigh In: “But Wednesday’s most memorable performance, the experts seem…
 Winner: Cory Booker. Loser: Understanding what's in all these health care plans. Catch up on this week's two-night 
 Today I am proud to announce that I am endorsing for president. As a gun violence survivor ; as my mother’s voice,…
 Joining us now:
We think Joe Biden summed it up best: future President Cory Booker. Get your “Future President” gear today:
Thanks, VP Biden. Future President has a nice ring to it. Chip in $5 (or whatever you can) to help our campaign keep up the momentum:
Thanks,  
  thanks  workers, like his grandfather who was a proud member, for helping to build great American cities…
Impeaching Donald Trump isn’t a political choice -- it’s about right and wrong. We need to fight hard to impeach Donald Trump because it’s the right thing to do.Add your name to join me in this fight.
 Well, that was...something.Booker had the best debate by far.
 Beating Donald Trump "is the floor, not the ceiling." Booker won this debate, sounding presidential while t…
 No question about it, won tonight. Composed. Informed. He’s great. Love him! 
 I'm getting a lot of texts from people who are supporting/working for other candidates saying how impressive has b…
 My final takeaway:  won the night.  He was a happy warrior.Great night also for +
 Cory Booker looked and sounded like a president tonight. He really delivered.
 “Cory has done great tonight”“I like the idea of President Booker”“Your guys was really ready to go tonight”“Cory has…
 Another true story: performance tonight could just make him the second black president. 🔥🔥🔥 
 I think is having a good night. You? 
 Cory Booker won the debate tonight. Well done sir. 
 Easy. won the  tonight 
 Cory Booker is strong both in substance and delivery tonight, differentiating himself from the pack. 
Republicans want to pit some immigrants against others. But we need to reform the whole system to be the country that says, “Everyone has worth and dignity, and this should be a country that honors everyone.” If you believe in a country with equality for all, donate today.
Like what you saw tonight? Step up and chip in to our campaign to move our country forward:   
WATCH: My closing statement  
“I believe we in the United States Congress should start impeachment proceedings immediately.” —Cory at the   
We lost the election because everyone was suppressing African American voters. We need to activate and engage voters across the country — especially Black women.My campaign that will fight voter suppression and engage voters across our country. If you’re with me, donate today.
A promise: as president, I will never conduct foreign policy by tweet. 
This is one of those times where we’re not staring at the truth and calling it out: In 2016, everyone from Republicans to Russians was trying to suppress African American voters. In 2020, we have to turn out Black voters, especially Black women. 
Nobody should get applause for supporting the Paris Climate Agreement—that’s kindergarten stuff.We should use every lever of our diplomatic and economic might to accelerate global progress.  
Future President has a nice ring to it. Chip in $5 (or whatever you can) to help our campaign keep up the momentum:  
Our justice system is deeply broken—it treats you better if you’re rich and guilty than poor and innocent. We need bold, comprehensive reform, and we need it now:  
We have a mass incarceration crisis in this country because we’ve tried to solve addiction, mental health and poverty by locking people up, not by lifting people up. 
Republicans want to pit some immigrants against others. But we need to reform this whole immigration system and begin to be the country that says, “Everyone has worth and dignity, and this should be a country that honors everyone.”  
The person enjoying this debate the most is Donald Trump. As we pick each other apart, Republicans are trying to gut Obamacare. 
On Day One of his presidency, Cory will take immediate action to reform our broken immigration system.   
Health care is a right, not a privilege.  
The person enjoying this debate the most is Donald Trump. As we pick each other apart, Republicans are trying to gut Obamacare. 
To the folks who were standing up to Mayor de Blasio a few minutes ago—good for you. That's how change is made.  
We know who Donald Trump is. But this election isn’t about him—it’s about who we are. We have serious problems in this country—but we are a people who desperately want to heal and move forward, to unite in common purpose. That’s how we’ll beat him. 2/2
Last week President Trump invoked age-old language that demagogues, racists, and fear-mongerers have used before in our history to try and divide our country against itself by calling an American city, "a disgusting, rat and rodent infested mess.” 1/2
We will beat Donald Trump, not by fighting on his terms, but by rising above his hate. Tune in to CNN now to hear my vision for building a more fair, just country for everyone:  
The amount we raise tonight will go a long way toward deciding how big we can build this campaign in the months ahead. And we're $26,328 behind on our $400,000 July goal—we can't afford to slow down our momentum. Will you chip in? Here’s a link to donate: 
Tonight’s the night! I’ll be on stage in Detroit to share my vision for our future. If you will be watching and want to receive updates in real-time from my team text DEBATE to 40203.
My dad’s community believed in him and paid for his college education—many children born into poverty don’t get that chance. My baby bonds plan empowers more kids to change the trajectory of their lives while closing the wealth gap—and virtually eliminating the racial wealth gap. 
In many states, there are laws preventing an abusive spouse from purchasing a gun, but those same laws do not apply to current or ex-dating partners—this makes no sense. My plan to end gun violence would close the “Boyfriend Loophole” once and for all:  
The right to vote is sacred, and we should make it easier for everyone, not harder. Our democracy is strongest when more people join in it. As president, I will fight to protect and expand every American’s right to take part in our democracy. 
We’re 2 days away from the second debate where I’m looking forward to sharing more of my vision for our country. I hope you’ll tune in, and bring some friends and neighbors along by hosting a watch party. Here’s how you can help: 
Projecting much? 
It’s no secret we’re an underdog in this race—but to have 130,000 people (and counting!) embrace our campaign’s message and step up by making a contribution is truly something special. Thank you to everyone who chipped in—let’s keep it going! Donate here: 
We did it! Just passed 130k donors to make it to the fall debate stage—thank you to all who contributed! 
We’re still waiting on all the details from Gilroy, but my heart is already breaking for the victims and their families and the survivors. The gun violence epidemic in this country is out of control. Please be safe and take care of one another. 
So excited for the next debate this Wednesday! If you plan on watching and want to get real-time updates from my team please text DEBATE to 40203.
The War on Drugs is a war on people—one that disproportionately hurts people of color ; the poor. On Day One as president, I’ll use my pardon power to set in motion a historic clemency process for those serving excessive sentences from our failed drug war. 
The Trump administration is targeting the most vulnerable in our society: The poor, the elderly, and children. Under its proposed policy, 3 million Americans in need could lose the ability to put food on the table. This is outrageous. 
This is painful.This is a moral, defining moment in America. Other generations had to answer: When the Know Nothings, McCarthy, Wallace and so many others sought to demean, degrade, demagogue and divide, What did you do?We must now answer. Silence is toxic complicity. 
Real superheroes are ordinary people doing extraordinary things. George Allen, a home care worker in NV, is the very definition of this but we aren't doing right by him. He deserves a living wage and it's why I'm fighting for home care workers like George. 
These men got the best haircuts of their lives (maybe I’m biased!) AND earned $1,000 each for the charities of their choice for shaving their heads tonight in West Des Moines, Iowa. 
Diverting military funds for a vanity project is exactly who Donald Trump is. I will continue to fight back and join with those already challenging this wrong and misguided decision. 
 NEW: hires Aaron Bishop as faith outreach coordinator based in South Carolina. For the last 12 years, Bisho…
This is a well-deserved honor and tribute to Tyrone's legacy in advocating for public education. 
The ADA was signed 29 years ago today. We have more to do to ensure equality for Americans with disabilities who still face high poverty rates ; barriers to health care ; quality of life. As president, I'll fight for equal rights ; inclusion for people with disabilities. 
The second debate is less than a week away, and I’m grateful for all of the supporters who have signed up to host a debate night watch party. If you’d like to host one yourself, please join us: 
We’re so close to meeting the 130,000 donor threshold to make the fall debates—less than 5,000 away! I think we can hit this by Monday … can you help? Chip in here: 
Great day, and great company in Flint yesterday. Special thank you to ; for the warm welcome! 
Aw Grace! I'm about to donate $1 to my own campaign! 
The death penalty is not justice—it's an immoral and ineffective form of punishment that has killed innocent people, and is biased against people of color, low-income, and those with mental illness.We should abolish the death penalty. 
Exciting news! We’re less than 5,000 donors away from meeting the 130,000 donors threshold to make the fall debates! Can you help us get there by Monday? Chip in here:  
 - I’ll agree to a  but I want a rematch! 
 So glad to be able to add to the list of candidates agreeing to a  
 Great chatting with you
Today I spoke at the about electability.The next Democratic party nominee must inspire ; earn the trust of our community. You can't say you’re going to be a champion for our communities when you become President if you haven’t been a champion already. 
The power of the people has always been greater than the people in power. This is an incredible victory for our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico. 
One week from today I will be on the debate stage again and could not be more excited. I hope you’ll be watching—and consider hosting a debate watch party in your community to get your neighbors involved. Here’s how: 
In next week’s second debate I hope to show Democrats across the country why our ideas need to be a part of the debate in September. To hear more about how I'm preparing, join me on our grassroots call today 5:45pm ET: 
 Thank you for having me!
 So good to see you!
“We will never be the nation we say we are … unless we begin to lead as a nation that invests in all of our communities.” —Cory at  our campaign to build a more fair, just country today: 
“For every video that we see, there are thousands of incidents that we don’t. For every name that we know, there are thousands of others that we don’t.” —Cory on the scourge of police brutality at 
We know in communities like mine that the challenges we have did not begin with Donald Trump—and beating him is not enough. 
Grateful for the opportunity to speak at the  this morning—not a day goes by that I’m not reminded I would not be the 4th ever African-American popularly elected to the Senate were it not for organizations like the Watch live here: 
Today's testimony is an important moment in our country's history—please tune in: 
This past weekend I had a blast geeking out at and going where ‘no politician has gone before’ 
  shares what  means to him 🖖  
Today's unrestrained fearmongering from Donald Trump harkens back to the dark days of George Wallace—except this time it's coming directly from the Oval Office. 
 It was a pleasure meeting you!! Can’t wait to come and visit!!!   
After the constant moral vandalism we’ve seen from this administration, we need a leader who's going to call us to be the best of who we are. We will not beat Donald Trump by trying to be more like him, but by showing that we are not like him. 
Had so much fun at Comic-Con this weekend and got the chance to talk about my love for Star Trek, which had its first convention at the Newark Public Library in my city of Newark, NJ! 
Debate lineups are set. This is a big moment for our team. Please join our grassroots call tomorrow night at 5:45 pm ET during my debate prep session, and I’ll fill you in on how I’m getting ready. 
It’s not enough to tell us what you’re going to do for our communities, show us what you’ve done for the last 40 years. You created this system. We’ll dismantle it.
Team — thank you for supporting my campaign for president. Without your help, we wouldn’t have made it this far. I just heard that we are a few thousand people away from qualifying for the fall debates.Will you help get me on the debate stage? Donate by midnight tonight.
Team — thank you for supporting my campaign for president. Without your help, we wouldn’t have made it this far. I just heard that we are a few thousand people away from qualifying for the fall debates.Will you help get me on the debate stage? Donate by midnight tonight.
76 billion opioids, 100,000 Americans killed. In just 7 years. Big Pharma's grip on our political system will only continue to make things worse—we need to hold these companies accountable. 
Asylum seekers awaiting their court dates are being forced to stay in Mexico. Some have become victims of kidnappings, extortion and rape. I was recently invited down to the border to help apply pressure to get a group of women through our broken asylum process. 
Excited to join the debate stage on Wednesday, July 31! If you plan on watching, be sure to order our debate watch kits by tomorrow to have them arrive on time:  
On my first day as president I’ll take executive action to go after gun manufacturers ; dealers, close dangerous loopholes, and invest in communities impacted by the epidemic of gun violence. We need an aggressive approach to win this fight. 
We can't be silent in the face of Trump's racist attacks. I'll defend anyone—Republican or Democrat—who is attacked because of their religion, their ethnicity, or the color of their skin. I don't give a damn about the politics: racism is racism. To say nothing is to be complicit. 
Really enjoyed this interview with in which we discuss my plans for climate change, education, and why America gives me hope. 
 Good Morning! Today on  ; Tu…
 SUNDAY: We interview 2020 hopeful other guests ➡️  
It’s official: I’m hitting the DNC debate stage on Wednesday, July 31! Excited to have another chance to share my vision for our country. Please help us build support by hosting a debate watch party in your neighborhood: 
 This Sunday on  with : and Join us at 9am ET, 12pm PT! 
 We could all take a lesson in grace and determination from you, Thank you for inspiring all of us.
 Presidential hopeful toured  today. A person walking by did a double take and asked me "Is that Vin Diesel…
I stand with the hundreds of thousands of Puerto Ricans who've taken to the streets calling for to resign. It's clear their confidence in his ability to govern has eroded and they’re right to demand the new leadership they deserve.
My mom said it was the honor of her life to care for my dad who lived with Parkinson's for 25 years—but it also took a toll on her physically, mentally ; financially as his primary caregiver. This is personal for me—we must fix our long-term care system:  
TNG! And I’m just getting into Discovery... 
 What truly makes our country great is its diversity. I’ve seen that beauty in so many ways over the years. Whether we ar…
Yes, this election is a referendum on Donald Trump and his spewing of racism and bigotry—but it's also a referendum on who we are, who we are to each other. 
I appreciated our discussion on how we fix our nation’s crumbling infrastructure—something that matters to thousands of working Americans. I’m dedicated to this issue and putting a plan in motion that fixes our currently broken system.
Thank you ; for inviting me to talk about key issues that matter to working people. We know unions are the gold standard to professionally train, educate ; recruit skilled tradespersons—these programs must be protected against the looming threat of IRAPs. 
My hope is that the Second Look Act will create a much bigger pathway for people to be released in order to reunite families ; save taxpayer dollars. We must tear down this unjust system of mass incarceration that for too long has destroyed too many lives without making us safer. 
Just found out our debate lineup—excited to be on stage July 31!We’re so close to crossing the 130,000 donor threshold to qualify for the fall debates. Can you chip in $1 to help guarantee our message is part of it? 
Leaders don’t follow consensus—they mold it. 
It’s been reported that Attorney General Barr overruled DOJ attorneys who recommended charges for the officer who killed Eric Garner. Barr needs to explain why he did this—why he decided that no charges should be brought in a case where a violent homicide was captured on video. 
Big win for workers today—every American should have the right to a job that pays a living wage. The Senate should continue the fight for economic justice and hold a vote on this critical bill as soon as possible. 
This is beyond cruel. I can’t begin to imagine the trauma this child and her parents went through in that moment. The moral bankruptcy of this administration's policies is leading to actions that do not reflect our values—we can't lose sight of who we are as a country. 
The words Donald Trump chose to use were purposefully racist. He invoked a centuries-old weapon—a message not just to the four congresswomen but to all people of color: Your identity does not belong to you, your history does not belong to you, your body does not belong to you. 
My parents watched George Wallace on TV in black and white—tonight millions of Americans saw him in living color. 
  will be on on MSNBC later this hour to let America know what he thinks about this disgusting specta…
 Humbled and grateful to have you in my corner, Peter. Thank you.
Gun violence is the second-highest cause of death among young people, but it doesn’t need to be this way. We can save lives by implementing commonsense measures like my proposal for gun licensing—because if you need a license to drive a car, you should need one to own a gun. 
 Thank you for the kind words—always enjoy speaking with the Emerge Network and appreciate the incredible work you all do.
The tough-on-crime movements of our past helped create a cruel and broken criminal justice system. The Second Look Act would take key steps to fix it, ensuring that people who do not deserve to be in prison will finally walk free. 
Great chatting with you, Ricardo! Looking forward to continuing the conversation and building together. 
Today marks 5 years since Eric Garner’s tragic death. May he rest in peace; may he one day see justice; and may we find the courage to fix the failures of our broken justice system—one that failed Eric again yesterday when it was reported his killer would not be held accountable.
John Paul Stevens served with integrity and honor on the Supreme Court for over 3 decades. He was a dedicated public servant who put the law and the Constitution ahead of politics. Saddened to hear of his passing. My deepest condolences to his family and loved ones. 
Nevada has been a special place to me for most of my life—it’s where my grandparents called home and where my mom currently lives. It’s a beautiful state that reflects the diversity and strength of our country—I look forward to visiting again very soon! 
In one of the richest nations in the world, no person should ever go broke or have to quit their job in order to afford long-term care or take care of a loved one. 
This decision is wrong, unjust and painful reminder of just how broken our criminal justice system is. Eric Garner should be alive today. I pray his loved ones can find peace. 
“I didn’t rest on my laurels when I became one of the first Black women to work in the software company IBM…I took their missive as a challenge to change the culture and...lower the barriers for those who would come after me.” ~My mom, Carolyn Booker 
Thank you for speaking your truth today and always
Sadie Roberts-Joseph was a pillar of the Baton Rouge community as a civil rights leader and activist who will be missed by so many. I hope and pray for swift justice. As we mourn her loss we must honor her life by continuing her work. 
 HAPPENING TODAY: Find out what ; to say on the issues that matt…
This is as illegal as it is immoral. 
This is horrifying, but a critical reminder that our Constitution gives rights to everyone regardless of immigration status. This person knew how to stay safe because of social posts like this. Please read and share this “know your rights” guide:  
My new plan to expand access to high-quality, affordable long-term care, and to empower the workers who provide it: 
I guess I need to be more careful in front of the camera... Special thank you to my team for letting me have some fun even when we have serious business! Help us close the gap to 130k donors by chipping in just $1 to qualify for the fall debate:  
It’s being reported that ICE has started raiding homes across the country under the orders of the Trump administration. It’s important to know that everyone—regardless of their immigration status—has guaranteed rights under our Constitution, so please know them. 
You don’t belong here.You’re not one of us.Go back to where you came from.We've heard this our whole lives. Now we hear it from the Oval Office. If you're sick of it too, support the women who are leading the fight against Trump every day in Congress.
We know that gun licensing has been effective in states like Massachusetts—but almost 70% of all guns recovered in MA came from out of state. We need a national gun licensing program—a state-by-state patchwork approach isn’t enough. 
Exeter, NH: Thank you for your questions, your thoughts, and your ideas. What a night! 
Today in Nashua, NH, 8-year-old Scout asked me how we can better protect children like her from gun violence. This fight is personal for me—I won’t stop until our schools, churches, movie theaters, and festivals are safe again. Scout, thank you for your question. 
Scout, who is homeschooled in part because her parents are worried about school shootings, asked me a question: How will I protect kids like her from gun violence? No other candidate is more determined to solve this problem—and I have a plan to back it up:  
Sandra Bland should still be with us—a routine traffic stop should never end this way. She was failed by our criminal justice system at every step ; we’re still waiting for justice ; accountability. We must keep her memory alive by making sure her tragic story is never forgotten.
Great to hit the doors and talk to voters this morning in Manchester about Mayor Building a strong country starts with building strong communities. 
 Now more than ever, we need everyone to know: WE HAVE RIGHTS.Share our  guides in multiple languages.Know Your…
Thank you, Boston! 
 I’m not quite as tall as but even I can tell the view from where he’ll speak here in Boston is pretty darn gr…
 Boston turned out for tonight in a big way 
Hèctor was a warrior for the rights of workers and immigrants—an American of the highest caliber. His loss is devastating, but his legacy will live on in the hearts and minds of all those for whom he fought. My deepest sympathies to his family and community. 
We need 5,000 more unique donors by the end of Monday to stay on track to guarantee my spot on stage at the DNC debate this fall. You don’t need to be all in for me and only me right now, but can I count on you to chip in $1 by midnight tonight to help me reach my goal?
We need 5,000 more unique donors by the end of Monday to stay on track to guarantee my spot on stage at the DNC debate this fall. You don’t need to be all in for me and only me right now, but can I count on you to chip in $1 by midnight tonight to help me reach my goal?
Just wrapped up a conversation about the epidemic of gun violence in our communities. For too long, corporate gun interests have been allowed to frame this debate—it’s unacceptable, and why we need a comprehensive plan to end this crisis in America: 
Grateful to my colleagues in the House for fighting for the rights of transgender servicemembers. The Trump Administration's ban is insulting and frankly, un-American. 
And another Trump cabinet member resigns in a cloud of controversy. 
I grew up with copies of magazine around my house which is why I'm so excited and proud to see an op-ed there by my own mom! 
No human is illegal—no matter what Donald Trump says.
The honor was mine—so grateful for the opportunity to highlight your leadership in Nevada. 
In New Orleans right now—to everyone here and those along the Gulf, please take the necessary precautions ahead of Tropical Storm  Here is some helpful information to help you prepare: 
 Great meeting you—hope your mom likes the video!
To be clear: the ACA is still the law of the land. But Republicans are getting close to throwing out Obamacare which would cause 20+ million Americans to lose coverage, pre-existing conditions to no longer be covered, premiums to rise. 
Jury duty today was 🔥 
 So great meeting you, Andrea!
Team, I’m asking directly: Can you chip in $1 today? Our deadline to reach 130,000 donors is just days away and falling short is not an option for my campaign for president. I’m immensely grateful for your support.Here’s a link to chip in: 
Team, I’m asking directly: Can you chip in $1 today? Our deadline to reach 130,000 donors is just days away and falling short is not an option for my campaign for president. I’m immensely grateful for your support.Here’s a link to chip in: 
We need 5,000 more unique donors by the end of Monday to stay on track to guarantee my spot on stage at the DNC debate this fall. You don’t need to be all in for me and only me right now, but can I count on you to chip in $1 by midnight tonight to help me reach my goal?
There is no bottom to this administration's moral vandalism. Terrorizing families like this doesn't make us safer. This is wrong.Everyone—regardless of immigration status—has guaranteed rights under our Constitution so please know them:  
We need 5,000 more unique donors by the end of Monday to stay on track to guarantee my spot on stage at the DNC debate this fall. You don’t need to be all in for me and only me right now, but can I count on you to chip in $1 by midnight tonight to help me reach my goal?
Great meeting you, John! And I must say, you have one incredible haircut...glad to have you in the club! 
This is horrifying—and one of the many reasons why we need federal gun safety policies like comprehensive background checks and gun licensing. If you need a license to drive a car then you should need a license to own and operate a firearm. 
This is wrong on so many levels—corporations should not be able to profit off of locking people up in cages, especially vulnerable people seeking asylum. We need to end private prisons—and we need immigration policies that put human dignity and safety first. 
 Have a question for Submit your questions here:  and your question may be included during th…
I'm so excited to join my mom and her fellow Delta Sigma Theta sorors tomorrow in New Orleans for  as we celebrate legacy of service, activism, and organizing.  
My dad used to tell me: “Son, you drink from deep wells you didn’t dig—you eat from banquet tables you didn’t set.” Forever grateful for leaders like who made  so that our country can move closer to our ideals of liberty and justice for ALL Americans. 
The called Cory Booker an advocate who knows how to “show up.” That’s what he’s doing on the campaign trail — showing up, state after state, day after day. But to keep up the momentum, we need supporters to show up too. Can you chip in $3 by midnight tonight?
The called Cory Booker an advocate who knows how to “show up.” That’s what he’s doing on the campaign trail — showing up, state after state, day after day. But to keep up the momentum, we need supporters to show up too. Can you chip in $3 by midnight tonight?
 Job interviews can be hard, especially when you're interviewing to be prez of the US. See how answered the greate…
If you’re in Chicago this Monday, July 15th, please join us for our grassroots event. Hope to see you there! 
Thanks for helping shine a spotlight on this. Every day in America, we see people die from gun homicide and disproportionately they are African American. We need comprehensive gun safety measures now. 
So powerful. Thank you for speaking your truth to the harsh injustices women face on and off the court. 
 Slew of endorsements out today from the campaign, following his  visit to southern Nevada last week…
Walking around at this weekend reminded me of a family reunion ; took me back to when I grew up around a circle of incredible Black women—organizers ; activists—like my mom who showed me what it means to be invested in your community. Grateful for the experience. 
We all know how important it is that we win in 2020—not just the presidency but also the Senate. I’m excited to support who is running to replace Mitch McConnell. She can beat him—let’s help her:  
Boston! Looking forward to our grassroots event this Friday. Please join us: 
Acosta should step down. 
 Our On Point conversations with the candidates continue today. 🇺🇸Sen. is with us at 10 a.m. ET.What do yo…
We must do more to ensure economic justice for all Americans. My baby bonds proposal offers a pathway forward to a new American birthright that will help close the wealth gap and give every American a shot at economic opportunity. 
Good luck to as he works to keep HD46 blue! 
Thank you, Grateful for your public service and your leadership on working to end gun violence in our communities—I look forward to continuing to work together on this urgent issue and more. 
Another one of our children has been murdered in a heinous and unprovoked way—the DOJ must investigate this hate crime immediately. RIP Elijah.  
Climate change is here: From the Midwest where they've experienced historic flooding to Florida where coastlines are receding year after year. Our leaders must prioritize addressing this issue with the urgency it deserves.
Team — with your help, we just reached 100,000 donors. Next, we need to reach 130,000 to qualify for the fall debates. This campaign depends on grassroots support. Can I count on you to help us keep up the momentum?
We did it — we reached our goal of 100,000 donors. I wouldn’t be here without your help. And now I need just a little bit more. It’s okay if you’re not all in for me, but chip in what you can to see my ideas on the debate stage.
Team — thank you so much for your support. With your help, we reached our goal of 100,000 donors. Can I count on you to chip in again or recruit a friend? Anything will help keep up the momentum — $1, $5, or whatever you have.
Team — with your help, we just reached 100,000 donors. Next, we need to reach 130,000 to qualify for the fall debates. This campaign depends on grassroots support. Can I count on you to help us keep up the momentum?
We did it — we reached our goal of 100,000 donors. I wouldn’t be here without your help. And now I need just a little bit more. It’s okay if you’re not all in for me, but chip in what you can to see my ideas on the debate stage.
Team — thank you so much for your support. With your help, we reached our goal of 100,000 donors. Can I count on you to chip in again or recruit a friend? Anything will help keep up the momentum — $1, $5, or whatever you have.
Team — with your help, we just reached 100,000 donors. Next, we need to reach 130,000 to qualify for the fall debates. This campaign depends on grassroots support. Can I count on you to help us keep up the momentum?
We did it — we reached our goal of 100,000 donors. I wouldn’t be here without your help. And now I need just a little bit more. It’s okay if you’re not all in for me, but chip in what you can to see my ideas on the debate stage.
Team — thank you so much for your support. With your help, we reached our goal of 100,000 donors. Can I count on you to chip in again or recruit a friend? Anything will help keep up the momentum — $1, $5, or whatever you have.
Cory Booker’s Brand of Advocacy: Show Up. Cameras Often Follow.  Read more from The New York Times on Cory’s “tactic of physical advocacy that emphasizes showing up and being present for the issues he’s fighting for.” Learn more about Cory’s run for president &gt;&gt;
Cory Booker doesn’t just talk about problems — he jumps into action. That’s what he did as city councilman, when he lived in a housing project to call attention to inequity, and now, as a Senator fighting for American rights — and that’s why he’s running for president. Learn more
Cory Booker’s Brand of Advocacy: Show Up. Cameras Often Follow.  Read more from The New York Times on Cory’s “tactic of physical advocacy that emphasizes showing up and being present for the issues he’s fighting for.” Learn more about Cory’s run for president &gt;&gt;
Cory Booker doesn’t just talk about problems — he jumps into action. That’s what he did as city councilman, when he lived in a housing project to call attention to inequity, and now, as Senator fighting for American rights — and that’s why he’s running for president. Learn more:
Last year Trump's EPA collected just $3.95 billion from polluters to fix the environmental damage they caused—the lowest amount in 15 years. That's shameful when it costs close to $80 billion to treat asthma—a condition which is worsened by polluted cities—yearly in this country. 
 NEW on - Six members endorse -- call him qualified, ‘proven fighter.’  See the list HERE. 
There’s overwhelming evidence connecting access to safe, affordable housing to better health and quality of life. From coastal cities to rural America, we need to be doing more to help families keep a roof over their heads—and I have a plan to do that. 
This economy is not working for average Americans. It’s about time we had a president who champions working people. 
Congrats! Go USA! 
  said that Black women taught him to never forget where he came from, nor on whose shoulders he stands.  
Let's go   
 Before you speak to me about religion, first show it to me in how you treat people. Before you tell me how much you love Go…
Faith plays such an important role in my life and my campaign. I’ve been saying it since I announced my run for president: I’m going to walk by faith, not by sight. 
We can't have “life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness” if we don't end gun violence in our communities. If every woman doesn’t have the freedom to control her own body. If we don't take steps to close the wealth gap. Grateful for today's important talk at 
We need to protect ; expand every American’s right to take part in our democracy by:✅ Ending voter suppression✅ Making Election Day a national holiday✅ Ensuring universal automatic voter registration ; vote by mail✅ Restoring voting rights for formerly incarcerated people
  has big plans for Black women!! 👏🏾 
Having an awesome time here at  
Black women are up to 4 times more likely than white women to die during pregnancy or childbirth ; the situation is especially dire for Black women in the South where many states have refused to expand Medicaid. We must pass my MOMMIES Act to address this. 
 “Agenda of African American women has to be at the center of attention” -   
For too long, too many folks, particularly communities of color and women, have had to work twice as hard only to get half as far. We need change that.
Jersey in the house here at   
To help ALL Americans get ahead, we should:✅ Cap renters’ cost at 30% of income to ensure access to housing✅ Expand the Earned Income Tax Credit✅ Guarantee workers a $15 minimum wage ; the right to collectively bargain✅ Enact my baby bonds proposal✅ “Ban the box”
So grateful for you both, and 
The right to vote for millions of Americans, disproportionately communities of color, has been under assault—it’s why less than 2% of all statewide elected executive officials are Black women. We need to expand voting rights for ALL Americans. 
This is a moral moment in our country. And in this moral moment there is no neutrality—you are either are complicit in what’s going on or you’re fighting against it. We’ve got to bring the fight. 
Our immigration system must reflect our values. Thank you for hosting today's important discussion on how we can fix our broken immigration system into one that treats people with dignity and makes us more safe. 
Love my city! 
Most people in immigration detention are held in for-profit facilities—we need to end our reliance on private facilities which have a financial incentive to lock people up. I have a plan to do this and more to fix our broken immigration system:  
It's time to hold pharmaceutical companies accountable for the damage they've caused our communities. Americans and their families have lost so much due to the opioid epidemic—they shouldn't have to shoulder the responsibility of that loss alone. 
 THIS. TEAM. brought the  across the  state today to celebrate  So proud to be…
 It was great to see and hear from today in Boulder City following the  pancake breakfast and parade. h…
 Post parade meet and greet with in Boulder City. Packed house and lots of selfies with 
 Thank you for flipping and serving pancakes, marching in the parade and holding a meet and greet with
Thank you to everyone who came out today for our meet ; greet (and especially our wonderful host Judy!). We know our country’s greatest calling right now is to find our sense of common purpose—to call us back to a common cause—and I’m grateful to have you all with me. 
So much energy on the ground here in Nevada! Happy 4th of July everyone! 
 An absolutely packed room to meet here in Boulder City   
I had a great time. Thanks for having me on, 
Here in Boulder City, NV, we know what it's all about— 
I know the president is in to vanity projects but if he really took a look in the mirror, he'd see a humanitarian disaster of his own making at our border. 
Same! 
 At the Urbandale 4th of July Parade? Stop by the office (70th ; Roseland Dr) for ice cold water ; lemonade! 
Serving up pancakes and some of my best jokes this AM. Here's one:Q: What did the little firecracker call his dad?A: Pop! 
An urgent priority of ours must be to expand the right to participate in our democracy. So earlier this year I called for a new Voting Rights Act to put an end to systematic attempts to limit access to the ballot and strip citizens of their right to vote. 
Our fight for freedom didn't end in 1776, it's an ideal we as Americans fight for every single day. This  I’m meditating on the words of Frederick Douglass, describing that struggle:  
 Honored to walk with you in the fight. And I’d encourage everyone to chip in to support your life-changing work: 
 Change happens when we work together and fight for justice. We hope that members of Congress will follow suit and visit th…
This is a crisis that demands an urgent answer. God-willing we will answer that call with the change that we need and the fight to make it happen.
We helped the women present themselves for asylum. will monitor them throughout the process to ensure they aren't sent back. But it shouldn't take a member of Congress to help people cross into our country. Seeking asylum is a legal right.
These stories are profoundly alarming, but my words can’t begin to capture the pain. Their very human dignity is under assault, and it’s being done in our name.
While in the detention center, she became sick. Despite the fact that the doctor wanted her to go to the hospital, border patrol refused. She was put in isolation and thought she would die.
Another of the women has bruises all over her back from sleeping on the hard floor of the detention center. She wasn’t able to shower for over 20 days and has rashes on her skin from the lack of sanitation.
She was so hungry while in detention that she said they would eat the peel of the orange.
One of the women—I can’t share her name out of concern for her safety—had to leave her home under threat of rape. Like thousands of others, under the Trump Administration’s Migrant Protection Protocols, she is stuck in limbo in Mexico.
One of them shared that she spent one month in detention. While there, she said the entire detention center had to stand in the sun all day without food, just water—but sometimes they ran out of water too.
Today I crossed the US-Mexico border in El Paso with and to help five women present themselves for asylum. These are my observations. Please don't look away.
 BREAKING: We’re in El Paso with to help 5 women fleeing domestic violence legally present for asylum. Applying…
On the US-Mexico border in El Paso at a point of entry. Watch live: 
Our immigration system is broken. We’ve seen too many kids torn away from their parents and held in cages, so I will not wait for Congress to solve this crisis. On day 1 of my presidency, I will take steps to end this administration’s moral vandalism. Sign on to my plan today:
Our immigration system should reflect our values, and right now, it does not. As president, Cory Booker will make sure that our immigration system treats immigrants with dignity because when people cross borders, they bring their human rights with them. Are you with him?
Our immigration system is broken. We’ve seen too many kids torn away from their parents and held in cages, so I will not wait for Congress to solve this crisis. On day 1 of my presidency, I will take steps to end this administration’s moral vandalism. Sign on to my plan today:
Our immigration system should reflect our values, and right now, it does not. As president, Cory Booker will make sure that our immigration system treats immigrants with dignity because when people cross borders, they bring their human rights with them. Are you with him?
Our immigration system is broken. We’ve seen too many kids torn away from their parents and held in cages, so I will not wait for Congress to solve this crisis. On day 1 of my presidency, I will take steps to end this administration’s moral vandalism. Sign on to my plan today:
Our immigration system should reflect our values, and right now, it does not. As president, Cory Booker will make sure that our immigration system treats immigrants with dignity because when people cross borders, they bring their human rights with them. Are you with him?
Cory Booker has a plan to virtually eliminate immigration detention, protect Dreamers, and end for-profit detention centers. Read more from POLITICO today —
Beginning on Day One of my presidency, I’ll use my executive authority to reform our badly broken immigration system—without Congress. Here’s how: 
We must end our nation’s reliance on immigration incarceration, including ending the use of for-profit detention facilities. And that’s what my plan calls for:  
We should dramatically expand the level of federal investment to support Black entrepreneurship and small business development. My op-ed outlines some of my ideas to do just that: 
My immigration policies will reflect our values. We should have the facilities and resources to honor immigrants' human dignity. 
 11/10 good boy
Brooklyn Lindsey was the 11th known Black trans woman murdered this year. These individual acts of hatred are not just singular instances of unspeakable violence — they reveal our collective failure. And to make change, we must act. Lives depend on it. 
Kids are being torn from their parents at our border and held in cages—I won’t wait for Congress to solve this crisis. On Day One of my presidency, we will take immediate steps to end this administration’s moral vandalism. Here’s my plan to do it: 
Today, we celebrate the signing of the Civil Rights Act. But the first photo wouldn't have happened without the second. Change doesn't come because a group of guys in suits makes it, it happens because a group of people united is willing to fight for it.  
This report is nothing short of horrific. My heart is breaking for these families—we need to take action to end this cruelty immediately. 
 JUST IN: The Justice Department plans to print the 2020 census without a question about citizenship status 
 Thank you for your support, Becky!
Team —President Donald Trump just announced that he and the Republican National Committee raised $105 million last quarter. To catch up, we need to push even more.You don’t need to be all in for just me, but will you chip in today to make sure my ideas are heard?
President Donald Trump just announced he and the Republican National Committee raised $105 million in the last quarter. That’s a big number—it means that we all need to chip in a bit more, especially since we depend on grassroots support.Can I count on you to chip in $5?
President Donald Trump just announced he and the Republican National Committee raised $105 million in the last quarter. That’s a big number—it means that we all need to chip in a bit more, especially since we depend on grassroots support.
Team —President Donald Trump just announced that he and the Republican National Committee raised $105 million last quarter. To catch up, we need to push even more.You don’t need to be all in for just me, but will you chip in today to make sure my ideas are heard?
President Donald Trump just announced he and the Republican National Committee raised $105 million in the last quarter. That’s a big number—it means that we all need to chip in a bit more, especially since we depend on grassroots support.Can I count on you to chip in $5?
"Soccer? YES. Women’s soccer? YES. An openly gay superstar swagging out with two goals and batsh*t celebrations and leading us to a huge-ass win in women’s soccer? YES."Adding my own resounding YES. Go ; - rooting for you today! 
Donald Trump created this crisis through executive action—I'll end it the same way. 
 Como presidente, no esperará al Congreso para reparar el sistema migratorio. Lee mas sobre su plan en
 Amid stories of horrific abuse in migrant detention facilities, just introduced a plan to:Close inhumane deten…
NEW: I’m introducing a plan to fix our broken immigration system—without Congress.  
If you've paid your debt to society, you should be able to vote—period. This is huge. 
 Thank you, Kenan—I'm honored to have you on board. I'll see you in Iowa!
This is disgusting—those involved should be fired. 
 "This crisis is transphobic language and policy. It is the dehumanization, discrimination and prejudice that gives birth to f…
Who’s all gonna be there? 
Thoughts and prayers aren’t enough to fight the gun violence epidemic in our country, we need bold solutions to take on the corporate gun lobby.As my mom used to say, faith without works is dead. 
We did it! Thank you to everyone who pitched in to my campaign yesterday - could not be more proud of and grateful for this team. 
Wow, just got word we're only $9,556 from hitting our $550,000 end-of-quarter goal. Can you  this to help our campaign reach it before our FEC fundraising deadline at midnight? Here's a link to donate: 
We need to fight for an America that works for everyone—not just the wealthy—and that is what the Party does every single day. Looking forward to joining with WFP members to continue this important work.  
Our FEC deadline tomorrow could be a turning point for our campaign—will you consider donating even $1 to my campaign and become one of our Founding Donors when we file our report? 
South Carolina needs a leader who will fight on behalf of working families for better health care ; schools—I'm excited to support my friend who is running for Senate to do just that. I hope you'll consider supporting his campaign  
Our nominee needs to be someone who is comfortable talking about race in a real, vulnerable way and who can call this country to reconciliation. More from this morning’s conversation with 
It's not enough just to be against Donald Trump—we must fight for:✅Gun safety✅Criminal justice reform✅Immigration reform✅Reproductive rights✅Economic security ; moreBeating Trump is the floor—not the ceiling. Join me: 
 SUNDAY AM &gt;&gt;&gt; first appearance on as a candidate for President. As they say, check your local listin…
 Oh, this is definitely me.
Since Cory took the debate stage on Wednesday night, we’ve seen a surge in grassroots donations. Join the thousands of people donating to help keep up Cory Booker’s momentum — chip in what you can today.
Since Cory took the debate stage on Wednesday night, we’ve seen a surge in grassroots donations. Join the thousands of people donating to help keep up Cory Booker’s momentum — chip in what you can today.
 doesn’t have shit to prove. 
In order to be on the stage for the fall debates we need to hit the DNC’s 130,000 donor threshold—and we’re closing in on 100k!—can you chip in even $1 to help us get there? 
Yes. If you need a license to drive a car, you should need a license to buy and own a firearm.  
For too long our public employees have had their rights stripped away by Republican legislatures. I'm proud to join AFSCME in support of bill because I support unions and their right to collectively bargain. 
It’s been 50 years since trans women of color helped start the fight for LGBTQ rights. On  we look back on the progress we've made, while also continuing the struggle they led. 
This isn’t about a hoodie. It’s about a culture that sees a problem with a kid wearing a hoodie in the first place. Our nominee needs to have the language to talk about race in a far more constructive way. 
Hey — thanks for tuning in to the debate this week. We know you saw a lot of great candidates on stage, and we hope you liked what you saw. You don’t need to be all in for me, but if you want me on the next debate stage, please chip in today.
We are only 243 donations away from our goal of reaching 100,000 donors, and your contribution could be the donation that puts us over the top. Become a donor before the FEC deadline, and Cory Booker might even give you a FaceTime.
Hey — thanks for tuning in to the debate this week. We know you saw a lot of great candidates on stage, and we hope you liked what you saw. You don’t need to be all in for me, but if you want me on the next debate stage, please chip in today.
We are only 243 donations away from our goal of reaching 100,000 donors, and your contribution could be the donation that puts us over the top. Become a donor before the FEC deadline, and Cory Booker might even give you a FaceTime.
The Supreme Court just announced it will take up the DACA case next term. Let’s be clear: Dreamers are Americans, and Trump’s decision to terminate DACA was illegal. 
The America I'm fighting for is one where Black trans women aren't murdered weekly. Where LGBTQ children can go to school without fear. It's not enough to say we want equality, we need to protect our LGBTQ communities from violence ; stomp out the hatred they face daily. 
There are racial issues we’ve got to deal with in our country ; the next nominee is going to have to be able to talk about this in an open, honest way without falling into a defensive crouch—we need a president who will help our country heal ; deal with these difficult issues. 
We set a goal earlier tonight to hit $15k in donations to my campaign—we just passed that.We also had our second largest fundraising day since we launched this campaign. Thank YOU. 
Wow, team. I'm blown away. We already hit our $5k goal! Think we can raise $15k before the end of tonight's debate? 
So honored to have thousands of new people donate to our campaign following last night’s debate—thank you all! Now my team is hoping to raise another $5k before tonight's debate—will you consider chipping in even $1 to help? 
“Booker needed a breakout moment and he got it. He demonstrated deep policy acumen, passion, and made a very effective appeal to black and brown communities. He brought his A-game.”Thank you for your kind words, 
Adding a citizenship question to the 2020 census was a racist attempt to silence immigrant communities. For now, that’s not happening. I'm pleased with today's ruling, but we need to continue to fight these not-so-subtle moves when we see them. 
I’m so grateful for every donation and every voice that got me on the stage last night. The DNC set a threshold of 130,000 individual donors for a candidate to qualify for the fall debates—can you chip in $1 to help us reach a goal of 100,000 donors by Sunday?
I’m so grateful for every donation and every voice that got me on the stage last night. The DNC set a threshold of 130,000 individual donors for a candidate to qualify for the fall debates—can you chip in $1 to help us reach a goal of 100,000 donors by Sunday?
 Sure did.  
 Thank you for being there!
  
Voters should be able to choose their politicians, not the other way around. Disappointed in today's Supreme Court decision. As president, I'll pass a new Voting Rights Act, which would end partisan gerrymandering once and for all.  
 As  Month nears its conclusion, Cory Booker was unequivocal in his support of LGBTQ+ Americans, citing the prevailing fe…
This election isn't just a referendum on Donald Trump, it's a referendum on us—who we are and who we must be to each other. 
In neighborhoods like mine where gunshots are frequent, parents say their kids show signs of stress when they hear fireworks on the 4th of July. When it comes to solving our gun violence epidemic, this fight is personal. As president, I'll take on the gun lobby ; we'll win. 
For many Americans — including my neighbors — gun violence is an emergency. I’m tired of hearing people offer thoughts ; prayers. It’s time we have bold actions and a bold agenda — I will hold gun manufacturers responsible and bring the fight to the NRA. Chip in to help me.
For many Americans — including my neighbors — gun violence is an emergency. I’m tired of hearing people offer thoughts ; prayers. It’s time we have bold actions and a bold agenda — I will hold gun manufacturers responsible and bring the fight to the NRA. Chip in to help me.
Big pharma companies need to be held criminally liable for the opioid crisis. I’ve said I would not take contributions from corporate PACs, from pharma executives — they are part of this problem. It’s time to work on a solution. Chip in to help us run a people-powered campaign
Big pharma companies need to be held criminally liable for the opioid crisis. I’ve said I would not take contributions from corporate PACs, from pharma executives — they are part of this problem. It’s time to work on a solution. Chip in to help us run a people-powered campaign
Big pharma companies need to be held criminally liable for the opioid crisis. I’ve said I would not take contributions from corporate PACs, from pharma executives — they are part of this problem. It’s time to work on a solution. Chip in to help us run a people-powered campaign
This Pride Month, I’m remembering the high murder rates African American transgender women face, and the 30% of LGBTQ children afraid to go to school. We need a president that will fight to protect LGBTQ Americans. That’s why I’m running — will you support my campaign?
This Pride Month, I’m remembering the high murder rates African American transgender women face, and the 30% of LGBTQ children afraid to go to school. We need a president that will fight to protect LGBTQ Americans. That’s why I’m running — will you support my campaign?
This Pride Month, I’m remembering the high murder rates African American transgender women face, and the 30% of LGBTQ children afraid to go to school. We need a president that will fight to protect LGBTQ Americans. That’s why I’m running — will you support my campaign?
Support Cory Booker this summer and keep your drink cool — chip in $8 today for a  koozie. :)
Chip in $8 (or more!) and we’ll send you a Team Cory koozie before the next debate.
I'm pumped after tonight's  If you liked what you saw, please chip in $1 to our campaign to help make sure I'm on all future debate stages.  
Support Cory Booker this summer and keep your drink cool — chip in $8 today for a  koozie. :)
Chip in $8 (or more!) and we’ll send you a Team Cory koozie before the next debate.
 won me over tonight. Thank you for addressing the important issues going on in this world right now. I am for…
  is using the spin room to double down on his strong gun message. He advocates in a nuanced way - it's not ju…
  You crushed it tonight, sir! Keep it up!  
Team — Can you chip in $1 to my campaign for President to help me qualify for the fall debates? I just got off the debate stage, and I hope you are as fired up as I am. If you want to see me on the next debate stage, chip in just $1 to my campaign today.
Team — I just got off the debate stage, and I wouldn’t be here without you. You don’t need to be all in for just me, but will you continue your support? We need to hit 130,000 donors to guarantee my spot in the next debate — any donation helps!
For many Americans — including my neighbors — gun violence is an emergency. I’m tired of hearing people offer thoughts ; prayers. It’s time we have bold actions and a bold agenda — I will hold gun manufacturers responsible and bring the fight to the NRA. Chip in to help me.
 Tonight, showed us why he's dedicated to putting America back on track and uniting all of us with common pur…
 impressed the HELL outta me, tonight!!! 🇺🇸  
 Cory Booker was the most-searched candidate during tonight's   
 Proud of performance tonight at the  He’s spent his entire career running toward big challenges…
Team — I just got off the debate stage, and I wouldn’t be here without you. You don’t need to be all in for just me, but will you continue your support? We need to hit 130,000 donors to guarantee my spot in the next debate — any donation helps!
 The first 4 messages from non-committed people used the word CRUSHED to describe how did tonight!Proud to suppor…
 We rise with  He will lead with kindness, compassion, equity, strength, and respect.  
  proved he's the best candidate to address our country's issues in tonight’s debate - so proud to support him! L…
 After hearing share his vision for our country in tonight’s debate we could not be prouder to support him. P…
I’m so grateful for every donation and every voice that got me on the stage tonight. The DNC set a threshold of 130,000 individual donors for a candidate to qualify for the fall debates—can you chip in $1 to help us reach a goal of 100,000 donors? 
Big pharma companies need to be held criminally liable for the opioid crisis. I’ve said I would not take contributions from corporate PACs, from pharma executives — they are part of this problem. It’s time to work on a solution. Chip in to help us run a people-powered campaign:
Donald Trump wants us to fight on his turf and his terms. But this election isn’t about him—it’s about us and showing the best of who we are.  
We have a nation that has more African Americans under criminal supervision now than all the slaves in 1850. Criminal justice reform wasn’t something we could wait on a Senate majority for.  
We do not talk enough about trans Americans, especially trans African Americans and the especially high rates of murder right now. It’s not enough just to be on the Equality Act, we need to have a president who will fight to protect LGBTQ Americans every day. 
Getting things done in the Senate takes conviction and a commitment to building coalitions, but policies like the First Step Act are proof that we can do it. 
Addressing the gun violence epidemic demands bold solutions.    
Kids shouldn’t have to go to school to learn reading, writing and arithmetic—and how to deal with an active shooter.The corporate gun lobby has framed this debate. We need bold actions and a bold agenda. This isn’t about policy—it’s personal.  
We have a better way to solve the problems in our immigration system—we don’t need to criminalize those seeking asylum. 
On Day One, I will make sure we end the ICE and CBP policies that are violating human rights. Every person deserves the right to seek asylum in our country. 
Access to affordable health care is so much more than that. It’s an education issue, an economic issue. We have to do things immediately that provide better care. That means fighting for Medicare for All ; acting with urgency to protect health care for all people. 
Tonight is the night. I am honored to take the debate stage and share with you why I’m fighting for this country. Tune in now:  
Heading to the debate stage soon and rumor has it we're closing in on 100,000 donors. (Okay, "rumor has it" = just told me.) I know we can get there. Can you help? Here's a link to donate: 
Almost time.  
 I’m taking over Instagram tonight, y’all. Tune in for some backstage  from Miami. 
 We’ve dubbed it “The Cory Car” in my community. 🤣 Looking forward to seeing rock it on the debate stage to…
 I’m pumped about going on the debate stage in a few hours to share his vision for America.I’m so excited about i…
 Ahead of tonight's first  check out one of my favorite proposals by any candidate thus far --
People are asking what they can do to help immigrants who have been separated and forced into filthy, inhumane living conditions by this administration's cruel policies. If you can, please consider donating to to help families seeking asylum. 
  is running for president to restore people's faith that together, we can build a more fair and just nation f…
Danielle has it right. This election can’t be about one person in one office. 
Grateful for your support, Jon! Thanks for letting the boys stay up late to watch the debate! 
"No union is more profound than marriage..." Four years ago, SCOTUS ruled that marriage equality was the law of the land. Today, we celebrate love ; its universal power to transform the world. As long as the few are denied rights, the many can never be secure in holding them.
On Saturday, volunteers across Iowa ; New Hampshire knocked on thousands of doors to discuss how we move our country forward. I'm blown away. It's a reminder that if we want to go fast, we go alone—but if we want to go far, we go together. Thank you 
There’s nothing criminal about seeking a better life for your family. I've said it before, and I'll say it again now—we have to do the right thing and decriminalize border crossing.
This is troubling. New Hampshire deserves a Chief Justice who will recognize reproductive freedom as health care. I urge Granite Staters to speak out this week as the Executive Council considers this nomination. 
I hope you tune in to the first presidential debate tomorrow—but let’s make it a party! We’re hosting  Debate Watch Parties across the country and we want you to join us. Check for an event near you:  
Congrats to incoming president, Alphonso David! Looking forward to working together to continue the work advancing justice and equality for all. 
Team — I’ve been in debate prep for the past few days, and I’m so excited to share my ideas with you on the debate stage. It takes all kinds of support to get to this point — and that includes you. Can I count on you to support me to keep my campaign for President going strong?
The gutting of the Voting Rights Act six years ago was an attempt to further disenfranchise communities of color. Without equal access to the ballot, changing discriminatory policies is even harder. It's time to restore the VRA. 
Team — I’ve been in debate prep for the past few days, and I’m so excited to share my ideas with you on the debate stage. It takes all kinds of support to get to this point — and that includes you. Can I count on you to chip in $1 to keep my campaign for President going strong?
It’s Debate Eve! I’m excited to hit the stage tomorrow, June 26 at 9 p.m. ET. I can’t wait to share with you my vision for a more just and fair nation. 
We should not look away. These are the consequences of Donald Trump’s inhumane and immoral immigration policy. This is being done in our name. 
Please give my New Hampshire team a warm welcome! 
Tamir Rice would be 17 today. But at 12, he was unjustly killed by a cop whose biases made him see Tamir as a man instead of a child.We need police oversight. We need racial bias training. We need to do more to protect Black children—they deserve to live and be kids, too. 
It’s not enough to simply decriminalize marijuana—we must repair the damage done to those communities that have been most harmed by the failed War on Drugs. That means bringing the thousands who are serving unjust sentences home. 
This election is about women.This election is about minorities.This election is about low-income people.This election is about ALL of us—and that’s how we’re going to fight and win. 
No soap to wash their bodies. No beds to sleep on. And there's little food. We're not talking about the past, this is happening in the present. We'll be judged on this moment in our country, but my God, let's not wait another minute to end this now. 
Team! I believe we can hit 100,000 individual donors by Sunday. (We need 130K to guarantee my spot on the debate stage.) Who’s in? 
Our fight cannot be finished until every trans person is able to live with dignity, free from violence and hate. 
We know that the hope for our community does not lie in one individual in one office—it lies with the people, and our ability to come together, stand together, work together and fight together. Thank you to everyone in South Carolina who joined us this weekend—together, we rise! 
Since my early days as a tenant organizer, I've pushed for more renters' rights. This is a win, but we have to do more. That means increasing the supply of affordable units, passing my renters tax credit, and providing a national right to counsel for folks facing eviction. 
While more and more people are making money from the legalization of marijuana, in some states, thousands sit in prison for doing the same thing. It’s time for those people to come home. 
 A message from Sen. to transgender and non-binary folks everywhere. ❤️ 
  "To me, we are all in this together...This election is about women. This election is about low income people. This…
About to hit the stage at  Tune in!  
 World Famous Fish Fry last night was a reminder that this election can't just be about what we're against—it has to be about what we're for. This is bigger than any one person. 
“What does it profit, my brethren, if someone says he has faith but does not have works?" I am grateful for this moment, and I will not let this blessing sit idle. My faith will not only be in my belief, it must also be in my actions. 
Oh, yes it was! 
 Happy to lend a hand!
Our immigrant communities should not have to live in fear. No matter how much the Trump administration tries to strip your humanity, you have rights. This is what you should know. 
We’re nearing the end of the month, and we’ve reached 85,000 donors. THANK YOU to everyone who’s donated — we wouldn’t be here without you. I’m asking for a donation to reach my end-of-quarter goal of 100,000 donors. With your help, we can do it. Can I count on you to chip in?
We’re nearing the end of the month, and we’ve reached 85,000 donors. THANK YOU to everyone who’s donated — we wouldn’t be here without you. I’m asking for a donation to reach my end-of-quarter goal of 100,000 donors. With your help, we can do it. Can I count on you to chip in?
One of my favorite things to do when I hit the road, so it's only right that I celebrate with this montage of the self-portrait that changed the world. Happy  to all! 
This is great news, we can't talk about decriminalizing or legalizing marijuana without talking about expunging records. 
Men, let's stop using our relationships with women as a reason to care about reproductive freedom. This is a fight for us all.
The War on Drugs is a war on people, but not all people. It has disproportionately affected Black communities, low-income people, veterans, people living with mental illness. As president, I will fight to reform the criminal justice system like I've been doing in the Senate. 
I'll be blunt. No matter who wins, even if it isn't me, people unjustly incarcerated must be liberated—and I need everyone in this field to agree with me. 
 I agree. It’s not enough to simply decriminalize marijuana—we must repair the damage done to those communities. My Marijuana Justice Act aims to do just that.
We need to get people who are serving excessive sentences home—sentences for involvement in something 2 out of the last 3 presidents have admitted doing. The War on Drugs was a failure—it's time we right that wrong.  
 Absolutely. Clemency is just the first step. We're working to make sure that there are job opportunities, that records get expunged, and that we invest in communities that have been ravaged by the War on Drugs.
Oh! I can assure you that Brussels sprouts are comfort food 
This administration cannot claim to care about Americans and then deny such a basic right to half the population. This attack on health care will not go unnoticed—we won't stop fighting until we have reproductive freedom for all. 
The Huffington Post just called Cory’s clemency plan “bold.”It’s true — it is: Cory will initiate clemency for nonviolent drug offenders serving unjust and excessive sentences. Cory’s running for president to bring justice for all Americans — and this is just the first step.
 Cory Booker wants to reform the clemency powers of the White House and shorten federal prison sentences for as many as 20,000…
 Democratic presidential candidate Cory Booker unveiled a proposal Thursday morning to grant clemency to up to 20,000 peopl…
 2020 candidate Cory Booker's Restoring Justice Initiative would aim to free federal prisoners “serving unjust and excessive s…
Right now, there are thousands of people sitting in prison serving excessive sentences.Today I’m announcing that as president, I’ll immediately start the clemency process for more than 17,000 individuals who are there due to the failed War on Drugs. 
I’ve spent my entire life speaking truth to power. And I’ll never apologize for doing that. I’m running for president to build a country that celebrates justice for all. But to do that, I need your help. Chip in just $1 today to keep me fighting for everyone.
I’ve spent my entire life speaking truth to power. And I’ll never apologize for doing that. I’m running for president to build a country that celebrates justice for all. But to do that, I need your help. Chip in just $1 today to keep me fighting for everyone.
I’ve spent my entire career speaking truth to power. And I’ll never apologize for doing that, certainly not when I’m running to beat Donald Trump and bring this country together.My campaign needs your support. Please consider chipping in now:
I’ve spent my entire career speaking truth to power. And I’ll never apologize for doing that, certainly not when I’m running to beat Donald Trump and bring this country together.My campaign needs your support. Please consider chipping in now:
I’ve spent my entire career speaking truth to power. And I’ll never apologize for doing that, certainly not when I’m running to beat Donald Trump and bring this country together.My campaign needs your support. Please consider chipping in now: 
Vice President Joe Biden told me I should know better. As a Black man in America, here's what I know: 
Thank you for your support. Gun violence is ravaging our country. That's why we're going to win this election together and bring the fight to the corporate gun lobby like it’s never seen before.
 

No, you won't. 
 In an exclusive op-ed for ESSENCE, gets candid about honoring our ancestors on Juneteenth: "We cannot pay them bac…
My thoughts on Trump's mass deportations announcement: 
 No human being is illegal.
I am VERY excited about this book by - I hope you will join me in getting a copy and sharing with others. 
Your family’s income or where you're born shouldn’t limit your opportunity to achieve upward mobility. Every child born in this country should get a fair shot. My Baby Bonds proposal will virtually close the racial wealth gap and level the playing field. 
I am so grateful for the support of ; It is not lost on me that it takes a collective effort to win this race—thank you for joining me in this fight.
This is a crisis. We need to call it what it is. If we’re not talking about how to protect trans women of color and denouncing the targeting and hate they face, then we’re contributing to it. Silence in the face of injustice is complicity. 
We've watched enough of this trauma in viral videos to understand that it's not unusual. There's no room for a system where humans are treated this way ; we need to get serious about racial bias training ; real police oversight to stop this brutality. 
 thank you for sharing your story. Not only are these fees an economic burden, they prevent families from connecting with loved ones—connection that could determine whether someone rehabilitates or returns to jail. This is a step in the right direction. 
The goal isn't just to stop the attack on Roe v. Wade. The goal is to advance women's rights and show the country what we already know to be true...Abortion is health care. Contraception is health care. Reproductive freedom is health care ...
It’s time to make a meaningful investment in Black entrepreneurship and economic empowerment. We can’t have large sections of our population denied equal access and think it’s not a cancer that affects the rest of the country as well. We need justice for all, now.
And, we will make sure working Americans have more money in their pocket by fixing the tax code, making housing more affordable, addressing the crushing student debt crisis and ensuring that higher education is not out of reach. 
We will boost entrepreneurship by expanding training programs and invest $1.5 billion into the State Small Business Credit Initiative. We will reform our criminal justice system so that people affected by the failed War on Drugs can apply for loans and have access to capital.
As president, I will work to close that gap. My Baby Bonds proposal will create an interest-bearing savings account for every child born in the US. By age 18, the most impoverished kids would have access to nearly $50,000 to start a new business or put a down payment on a home. 
White families hold nearly 10 times the wealth of Black families. Considering $30,000 is about the average startup capital to launch a business (almost double the net worth of a median Black family), it’s no surprise we have economic inequality.
Black-owned businesses are so important to our communities—they create jobs and help families build wealth—but barriers to accessing capital and other racial inequities leave many unable to fully participate in our nation’s economic growth.
On  this year, I’m thinking about my dad ; how he was able to move our family from poverty to the middle class within the span of a single generation. This all thanks to the North Carolina family that took him in ; their small business—a Black-owned funeral home. 
As we honor the lives of the Emanuel Nine, their families, and the survivors, let’s recommit ourselves to using love as a radical, universal tool for justice and healing.  
 They are really awesome bracelets!
 Cory Booker has come a long way since he moved into a housing project in Newark to help the community. More than 20 years la…
Honored to be a part of an important conversation on Black economic empowerment at the Presidential Forum. Tune in on now. 
Remembering my dad on  You are proof that radical love is transformative ; I live every day with the goal of living up to your example of kindness, good humor ; service to others. Thank you for teaching me about this tough ; glorious game of life, Dad. We miss you. 
 "I'm going to be the champion that makes this economy work for all people," discussed his record of working in commun…
 ⏰ Set your alarm: The  is tomorrow at 10AM on and…
We need to provide a pathway to citizenship that recognizes Dreamers as Americans and removes the uncertainty from their lives. Everyone deserves to feel like they belong in this country and we will fight until that’s a reality.
 has allowed for thousands to live and work in the country they call home. We have to recommit to giving Dreamers what they deserve, which is more than a temporary solution that doesn’t always provide protection for ALL those who need it.
On the 7th anniversary of  I want to thank Dreamers for always embodying the best of who we are. We see you and acknowledge that citizenship is more than a legal status. 
It’s simple, really. Americans deserve a fair wage ; safe working conditions. Today was inspiring, but beyond that, it was a reminder that people all over America are fighting for fairness ; equality. I’m honored to join them.  
Housing is a basic need and a basic right—that’s why I released a plan to combat our housing affordability crisis. 
 In an exclusive editorial for BET, Cory Booker details why we owe it to past and future generations to meaningfully invest in…
Critical issues from gun violence prevention to access to affordable health care will be on the ballot this November in Virginia — and we have a real chance to  
 TOMORROW! 2020 presidential candidate joins   Be sure to join for what is sure to be…
Four. Months. Old. This administration took an infant from their parent with no plan to reunify them. That's the level of xenophobia we're up against. 
I’m so excited to hit the stage for the first round of debates. But we’ll need 130,000 unique donors to make sure I’m still on the stage for the debates starting in September. Can you chip in now to help make that happen? 
To every single person who donated, to all who have offered their support, to my entire team... WE DID IT. Thank you! See you on the debate stage June 26. 
  a new podcastOur coverage of the field of candidates for the 2020 Democratic nomination continues w…
We need to adopt a radical plan if we want to end the gun violence epidemic in this country. I’m ready to fight.
I can't recommend this book enough. Dr. Ornish has information and tools that could be life transformative for us all - and he's shown again ; again that his strategies work in elevating health and well being. Do yourself a favor and check it out
Beyond brave. Thank you, 
It's a shame that the people who are often first in line to protect their city are not offered protection of their own in the form of fair wages ; workers' rights. I am proud to support downtown Detroit security officers in their fight for union rights.   
If we're serious about ending the scourge of gun violence, we have to get serious about solutions that work—including licensing. 
The is doing such crucial work. Too often, Black communities are barred from participating in economic advancement in ways other groups aren't.We're going to change that. Excited to be a part of this conversation. 
 Sneak peek: The 2020 Presidential election is well underway, and we have Democratic candidate Senator on a very specia…
It’s not “oppo research” — it’s foreign interference in US elections.That you would say this is disgraceful. That you would do it from the Oval Office (yet again) proves you’re unfit for the office you hold. 
Civil Rights activist Medgar Evers was assassinated by a KKK member in front of his home 56 years ago today. The first field secretary for the Mississippi NAACP, Evers fought for equality until the very end. He deserved more. We honor his legacy by continuing his critical work.
 is taking time today to lift the LGBTQ+ and Latinx communities in love by urging us to renew our call for gun reform and honoring those lives lost three years ago today at  nightclub.Please, go to their page and read their stories. 
 Hard to put into words how meaningful this anniversary is to me personally.  The most important thing in my life was illegal jus…
Thank you, Jon. You are 100% correct.Everyone should watch this. 
All tea, no shade, stole my look. (Wait, did I do that right?) Anyway, honored to be one of the first guests on RuPaul's newest show—the  Check your local listings for times:  
We're giving away two tickets to join Cory Booker at the first DNC debate in Miami! Chip in $1 and you’ll be automatically entered to win:✅ Two tickets to the first DNC debate✅ Hotel + flights to Miami✅ A meet-and-greet (and selfie!) with Cory
We're giving away two tickets to join Cory Booker at the first DNC debate in Miami! Chip in $1 and you’ll be automatically entered to win:✅ Two tickets to the first DNC debate✅ Hotel + flights to Miami✅ A meet-and-greet (and selfie!) with Cory
The DNC just raised the debate donor threshold to 130,000 donors. I’m not asking you to be all in for only me right now -- it’s early, and this is a crowded race. But if you think I deserve to be on the debate stage, chip in $1 and help guarantee our spot.
The DNC just raised the debate donor threshold to 130,000 donors. I’m not asking you to be all in for only me right now -- it’s early, and this is a crowded race. But if you think I deserve to be on the debate stage, chip in $1 and help guarantee our spot.
Three years ago at  nightclub, we lost 49 lives to hate. I still hold the pain of this tragedy deep in my heart.As president, I will end the NRA's reign ; pass gun safety policy to save lives. We can—and we will—build a nation based on love ; respect for one another.
This is horrifying on so many levels. We need to do more to protect women and girls. That means looking for loopholes like this that leave them (and their children) open to physical danger and mental trauma. 
 Only has "a housing proposal that specifically talks about eliminating homelessness nationwide, by doubling fu…
  is at Iowa campaign hq. 
So many of the challenges in neighborhoods like mine—from shootings on my block to lead in our drinking water—were around long before Donald Trump became president. This next election can’t just be about him—it has to be about what we want for our country.
Virginia, it’s Primary Day. Polls are open from 6:00am-7:00pm—let's make a plan to get there!
This is amazing. When we talk about ending the school-to-prison pipeline, this is exactly the kind of thoughtful, innovative and commonsense practice to we need to adopt. 
A recent report found that in New York City alone, there has been an 83% rise in hate crimes. Synagogues are being vandalized, Pride flags burned, people of color targeted. It's a good time to remind folks that it's not enough to claim you're not a bigot—you must be anti-bigotry. 
We're giving away two tickets to join Cory Booker at the first DNC debate in Miami! Chip in $1 and you’ll be automatically entered to win:✅ Two tickets to the first DNC debate✅ Hotel + flights to Miami✅ A meet-and-greet (and selfie!) with Cory
The Equal Pay Act was signed into law 56 years ago today. But the wage gap still exists—it's even wider for women of color. We need to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act in the Senate so that women can hold employers accountable for giving them less for equal work.
 "The way you beat him is not just tactfully focusing in on him. We can't run this race about what we're against. We have to r…
The DNC just raised the debate donor threshold to 130,000 donors. I’m not asking you to be all in for only me right now -- it’s early, and this is a crowded race. But if you think I deserve to be on the debate stage, chip in $1 and help guarantee our spot.
 You're right Michele, this IS about what we're against. That's motivation, but that's not the whole thing. When Trump is out of office, we'll need to think about who we want to be and work together to get there. Beating Trump is our floor, not our ceiling.
Yesterday was amazing. Thank you Team Iowa!  
 I'm proud to support the Green New Deal. It's so important that we do so if we want to save our planet. P.S. Iowa staffers are pretty awesome, and so are you!
  unveiled his housing policy. If  you may want to take a look. Get this story and more i…
People should never have to choose between having a roof over their heads and putting food on the table. Yet, that’s happening all across America. It’s time to make sure all Americans have access to safe, affordable housing.
There's an old saying that goes "when America gets a cold, Black people get pneumonia." We have to speak up for Black women—who already face higher maternal mortality rates due to racial bias—and their right to reproductive health care of their choice.
The Iowa Hall of Fame celebration was inspiring beyond measure. Yet another reminder that when we come together in common purpose, we can rise. Thank you 
 Sens. Cory Booker and Elizabeth Warren have quietly and patiently concentrated their resources toward building grassroots mac…
So thankful for my Iowa team  
I truly believe that our love for this country and for one another will win this election. Iowa, that was evident again today—thank you for always welcoming me with open arms, hearts and minds, especially today during the Iowa Hall of Fame celebration. 
Trump wants this election to be about him, on his terms and on his turf. That’s how he wins.We win when we raise our voices and lift our sights. We win when we rise. 
We can’t let this election be about what we are against. It must be about what we're for:—We are for Americans making a livable wage—We are for health care access for all—We are for ending the gun violence epidemic—We are for valuing public school teachers ; raising their pay
This is a moral moment in America—we must meet this test. I’m running for president because we can’t take four more years of Donald Trump. Beating him will get us out of the valley—but it will not get us to the mountaintop. 
Our strength as a party comes from the grassroots. Our party doesn’t need a savior—we need each other. We need to deepen our bonds, organize, and build community strength.
Iowa Hall of Fame Celebration 
I’m about to take the stage at the Iowa Hall of Fame celebration to talk about how we can unite to build a fairer, more just country. Watch live here: 
My Iowa team is gearing up for an IG takeover on my page to give you a behind-the-scenes look at how we're preparing for the Iowa Hall of Fame Celebration today. Head over to IG to tune in!  
A perfect day in Des Moines to celebrate love and equality. Happy Pride, Iowa! 
Just stopped by the Primary Health Care booth in Des Moines where John made getting an HIV test quick and easy! 
Americans are already struggling to make ends meet with the rising cost of living. Meeting the basic human need of housing shouldn’t destroy them financially. I wrote about my plan to ensure all people have access to safe, affordable housing. 
 And tune in et as joins me live 
Still laughing at this video. The best thing I’ve watched all week. 
Iowa! I’m back and I’m so excited to be kicking off the Iowa Democratic Party Hall of Fame Celebration in Cedar Rapids. You can tune in live this Sunday at 3:00 ET/2:00 PM CT. Don’t forget to RSVP here: 
Instead of opening mass facilities (which aren't even subject to state child welfare licensing requirements), how about we end Trump's inhumane detention system altogether before another child dies. 
We're not going to build the country we want if we're only focused on what we don't want. Let's come together with common purpose to tear down the injustices that still exist. 
 Cory Booker is the first 2020 candidate to propose a policy that acknowledges the scale of the housing crisis. 
 You had a WEEK, my friend! So great seeing you!
My condolences go out to the family ; friends of West Point Cadet CJ Morgan. It is always tragic when a life ends too early, but in his short time, CJ built a legacy of courage ; sacrifice. We can never repay the debt we owe Cadet Morgan—but we will try by honoring his memory. 
 On National Gun Violence Awareness Day, we applaud leaders across the country who are fighting to end gun violence
 NEW SERIES: We’re breaking down the gun safety platforms for 2020 Democratic presidential candidates with detailed pla…
I want you to be my special guest to the first DNC debate! Chip in $1 or more right now and you’ll be automatically entered to win two seats to the debate in Miami -- plus we’ll cover your hotel and flight.Here’s the link to enter: 
Gun violence is a cancer on the soul of this nation. We lose 100 Americans every day to gun violence. Dozens more are injured. On National Gun Violence Awareness Day, I want to renew my vow to end this epidemic and hold the corporate gun lobby accountable. Enough is enough. 
Tomorrow on National Gun Violence Awareness Day, let's remember the names of those we’ve lost to gun violence. Then let’s say no more—we can win this fight and save lives. 
 Presidential candidate and New Jersey Senator says he's a proud vegan, would gladly play himself in the movie…
People are spending so much of their hard-earned money on rent alone. Housing is a basic need—we're overdue for measures that ensure all Americans have a roof over their head.
 At the African American Summit having an intense conversation w/ Senator earlier today. 
You wouldn't leave a child in a hot car for five minutes, let alone in a blistering van for two days. We need answers on why this was ever allowed to happen.
 “This president has no idea how we live paycheck to paycheck.”As a single mom, programs like Medicaid, Medicare, and Socia…
America is facing a crisis of affordable housing. My plan includes a Renters Credit, which would:✅Give benefiting families a median credit of $4,800✅Lift 9.4 million out of poverty✅Provide relief for more than 57 million Americans
 On-site at the African American Leadership Council (AALC) Summit - guest speaker just addressed the media shar…
This morning at the DNC African-American Leadership Summit prayer breakfast, I listened to first presidential candidate I ever voted for—speak on voting rights and the history of Black people leading justice movements. Humbled doesn't begin to cut it. 
On today’s 75th anniversary of  we remember and honor those brave souls who stormed the beaches of Normandy fighting for freedom, and the lives lost defending the world against tyranny. 
Here's a photo of Gumbo: 
Hi, Atlanta. I need your help: Two of my staffers recently lost their dog, Gumbo, in SW Atlanta near Cascade and Fairburn Road. If you have any information, please email FindGumb send Gumbo home! 
I am proud to take the pledge to end gerrymandering and map manipulation. Voters deserve to have fair elections, fair redistricting and the freedom to vote in the elected official of their choice. 
The Hyde Amendment is a threat to reproductive rights that punishes women and families who already struggle with access to adequate health care services. 
Americans families are being left with more month at the end of their money than money at the end of their month. The Renter’s Credit will help millions cover the cost of rising rent and lift 9.4 million Americans out of poverty. 
 Cory Booker introduced his housing plan, which would offer tax credits for renters to ensure they wouldn't spend more than 30%…
 Presidential hopeful Booker releases sweeping affordable housing plan  
We have a housing affordability crisis in this country that is only getting worse. My new plan will help millions of Americans struggling to cover the high cost of rent and keep roofs over their heads. 
When it comes to gun violence, we’re showing a level of political inaction that’s outrageous. As president, I’ll take a fight to the NRA like its never seen. 
Let's never forget Johana Medina Leon's name and the names of all those we've lost in the Trump administration's horrible detention system. This has to end—humanity isn't a standard that should just be extended to select people.
I am so proud of House Dems for passing the Dream and Promise Act, which will pave a pathway to citizenship for DREAMers ; immigrants with Temporary Protected Status. Senate colleagues, it's time for us to show that we care about immigrant communities and do the same. 
We’re building out our team at  and we want you to join! Check out our openings to be a part of the movement to build a more fair, just country:  
When people ask me how we will win this election with love, I like to remind them of all we can accomplish when we’re one united front. Iowa, you are proof that love isn’t something that just sounds nice, but a radical action that can and will transform our country. Thank you! 
PFAS chemicals are in our food supply, in our water, in our air. People are getting sick and we don't know how this will affect generations in the future. We need to hold corporate polluters responsible for the damage they're wreaking on our bodies and our environment. 
Excited to speak at the Hall of Fame Celebration this Sunday! Want to join me as my guest? Chip in $1 before midnight on Wednesday for a chance for us to fly you (and a friend!) to join us: 
Tonight at sundown, Muslim families around the world will mark the end of the holy month of Ramadan. Wishing all those celebrating a blessed and joyous Eid al-Fitr! 
 Italy 🇮🇹Haiti 🇭🇹Laos 🇱🇦India 🇮🇳Cuba 🇨🇺Brazil 🇧🇷Egypt 🇪🇬China 🇨🇳Russia 🇷🇺Yemen 🇾🇪Ireland 🇮🇪Nigeria 🇳🇬Mexico 🇲🇽…
Immigrants don’t just fuel the American spirit of creativity and determination—they embody it. June is  and it’s our chance to recognize the incredible contributions they bring to our communities. 
 ‘This election cannot be about what we’re against. It must be about what we’re for.’ — wants to beat Trump but…
If we're not talking about gun safety reform, we're not being serious about keeping our country safe.
 Sen. announces his one Big Idea that will change people’s lives for the better at our  Forum: To Create Ch…
Big news coming out of Iowa. I am so grateful for the support!  
There’s a saying—sometimes you gotta go to the pit before you can go to the palace. In America right now, lots of folks feel beaten down. But I believe that if we come together to fight for our communities, we will rise. 
  was honored to have speak at the  a lead co-sponsor of the  has spent h…
Couldn't miss it! 
We can't talk about Civil Rights in this country without recognizing Leah Chase's contributions. In her way, she sustained a movement and will forever be remembered not only as the matriarch of Creole cuisine, but as a freedom icon.
Grateful to have an opportunity to talk about our collective power and the need to make this election about our community (not one person in the White House) at the California Democratic Convention this weekend: 
Proud to sign the pledge. Our country deserves leaders who aren’t beholden to the oil, gas and coal industries. 
No one candidate will solve all of America's problems—the presidency belongs to the people. 
Here at to address our country’s epidemic of gun violence and discuss how we come together with a common purpose to move the country forward. Watch live: 
Just two days ago, 12 Americans were shot and killed. This doesn't hurt any less because it's the 150th mass shooting in 2019. We're not going to normalize gun violence. We're not going to shut up about changing policy and saving lives. 
 “We are seeing the normalization of mass murder in our country,” Sen. Cory Booker said at the California Democratic Convention…
 “We need to start looking at the things that work. Enough of excuses,” Sen. says in the wake of the deadly Virgini…
This election isn’t about one guy in one office. It’s about a referendum on who we are and who we must be to one another. Beating Donald Trump is a must, but that is a floor, not a ceiling. We are bigger than that. 
Ending the gun violence epidemic is the challenge of our generation. But I know that with bold ideas and a serious commitment to changing the status quo, we can get it done.  
  gets crowd's attention with high-energy, impassioned plea for  Makes speech about ideals, not hi…
ICYMI, I just shared my plan to eliminate the racial wealth gap at  Catch it here: 
 I must give credit... this Baby Bonds idea is amazing!  The presidential candidates are all coming up with g…
 Yes. 
 I love that the  forum opened up with calling for an end to endless wars and call…
  brought  the crowd to its feet.“This election we have to understand is not a spectator sp…
 “You can’t love your country unless you love all the people in it. “. Cory Booker 
 Booker’s  idea is baby bonds — a $1,000 interest-bearing account that gets up to $2K per year for lowest income chil…
Ready for  Our team is excited to launch new campaign merch in celebration of  and the LGBTQ+ community → 
Como presidente voy a luchar por toda la gente en nuestro país - por más justicia social y más oportunidades para todos. 
The Tulsa Race riot destroyed the thriving neighborhood dubbed Black Wall Street. It was one of the worst incidents of racial violence in our history, and yet, we still struggle to acknowledge it. Today, let's remember what happened. Let's vow to never repeat history.
Ninety-eight years ago on May 31–June 1, Greenwood—a Black neighborhood in Tulsa, OK—burned. White vigilantes, who believed a Black youth assaulted a young woman, descended on the town, burning homes, looting businesses and killing unarmed people. 
 President Samuelsen takes the contract fight to President Robert Isom's face, vowing to reject his lust f…
Happy  Month! This June I’m excited to celebrate our LGBTQ+ friends and community, and continue the work fighting for a future where everyone in this country can enjoy the same ideals of equality. 
11 people dead. My heart breaks for those killed in another senseless act of gun violence ; the loved ones of the victims whose lives are now shattered. We have the power to stop this—we can ; will pass commonsense gun safety laws to end these tragedies. 
At a time when Republicans across the country are mounting a coordinated, all-out attack on women's reproductive freedoms, it's unconscionable that someone in our own party would contribute. Democratic leadership should reflect Democratic values. 
This outrageous, inhumane treatment of people being held at our border must end. Every human being has the right to basic dignity. We need moral leadership and policies to help those seeking asylum at our border. 
Had a whirlwind week of travel, but so glad there was time to reconnect with a dear friend and mentor of mine, former Nevada Sen. Harry Reid. Grateful for both your leadership and friendship. 
There is no American Dream without equity. My Baby Bonds plan will level the playing field and virtually close the racial wealth gap in our country. 
C-O-N-G-R-A-T-S to all the co-champions on their win (and their ability to spell words like bougainvillea and erysipelas.)And a special shout out to Shruthika Padhy ; Christopher Serrao, representing my home state of New Jersey. Jersey Pride! 
Today, the median white family has nearly 10 times the net worth of Black families. It's time to reverse damaging policy that leaves people behind ; put measures in place to ensure that kids in our country don't have to rely on the goodness of community or chance to build wealth.
The same for purchasing property. With a Baby Bonds account, nearly half of all young adults could put a down payment on a home by age 30. 
This nest egg could change lives and generations. Even with the high cost of college, Baby Bonds would cover tuition for most young adults. 
My Baby Bonds plan is simple: Give every child a savings account of $1,000 at birth. Every year, depending on family income, the child would be eligible for up to $2,000 + interest until they turn 18. That means the lowest-income children could have a nest egg of nearly $50,000.
That's commendable, but it shouldn't have to be that way. Upward mobility is too often determined by generational wealth and zip codes—and the racial wealth gap keeps widening. With my Baby Bonds proposal, we have the opportunity to give every family a fighting chance.
My dad used to say he was Po'. Not poor—he couldn't afford the other two letters. So he made it to college not because of his parents' ability to pay for it, but through the collection plate at church and the generosity of his community.
Our children are being killed at their desks and we do nothing.Parishioners in a church ... and we do nothing.Concertgoers in Vegas ... and we do nothing.The list goes on. Every minute that passes, gun violence takes lives. This is unacceptable and we need action now. 
 Nevada restores voting rights to formerly incarcerated  via
In Iowa, Garry told me that his farm took a major hit from Trump's trade policies, then handed me a check that totaled the amount of aid he's received. It was $25.I'm running for president because people like Garry, who give their all ; believe in our country, deserve better. 
This week I met with and Black Student Union members at Cheyenne High School in North Las Vegas to discuss education, college debt, climate change and more. These students are determined to make our country a better place—and I left Nevada fired up to fight for them. 
We have to repair the damage done to those who were targeted by the war on drugs. This is what justice looks like. 
 In Las Vegas, Booker urges voters to take responsibility for the American dream.  via
So grateful for my friend Elaine Welteroth for writing this book and for sharing with the world this needed wisdom.  
History is going to look back at this moment to see if we did the right thing. And the right thing to do is to hold the president accountable. We cannot allow him to be above the law.  
P.S. This video is 💯
Jaime, I am so incredibly proud of you. We've known each other for more than two decades. I have admired your dedication to community, to meeting people where they are. I know your heart ... and I know you will make a great U.S. Senator.  
This Administration has continued to stonewall Congress’s oversight. Beginning impeachment proceedings is the only path forward.
I’ve been asking for Mueller’s testimony—today he made his views clear.
Robert Mueller’s statement makes it clear: Congress has a legal and moral obligation to begin impeachment proceedings immediately.
This is gonna be a tough one, but I believe strong primaries make strong candidates. Please consider chipping in even just $1 to secure my spot on the debate stage and help spread our message about building a country that is more fair and just. 
Great to meet with leaders Geoconda and Ted in Las Vegas today. This is leadership to follow—I'm always inspired by their commitment to fight for dignity of work ; improve the lives of families across Nevada. Thank you! 
Excited to kick off  in just a few days! Pick up some of our team’s new  merch to celebrate →  
Eight hundred miles and 11 counties later, our Iowa RV tour is complete. Thank you for opening up your hearts, minds, arms and doors in every city, at every event. I'll see you again soon, Iowa.  
Just like the abortion bans we're seeing across the country, upholding this law is meant to shame, discourage, and make it harder for women to receive the health care they need.
For the first time since Roe v. Wade was decided, thousands of women and families in Missouri will be left without safe, accessible reproductive health care services of their choice. This is disgraceful and dangerous. 
Really humbled by Baby Liberty's decision to share the stage with me in Iowa over the weekend. Check out more from our RV trip here:  
I'm honored to lift the work of as we close out  Not only is she breaking barriers as the first Asian-American president of her commitment to protecting reproductive rights reminds us how critical it is to fight for choice. We thank her today. 
Investing in our communities after severe weather events is twofold: We need to provide resources and aid to rebuild while having a serious conversation about how climate change is affecting the way we live. 
 Every  I like to republish this article by  about the origins of the holiday: “The war w…
As we reflect on the sacrifices made, let's acknowledge that our fallen heroes were also people with full lives. They had families, loved ones, hobbies, dreams. Let's remember their names on  Read about them here: 
I can’t believe the RV tour is coming to an end. Thank you Iowa! Now let's eat. 
 All gave some and some gave all. Remembering those that lost their lives this day and everyday for the freedoms America…
 Listening to these stories was an honor. It’s so incredibly important that we all speak out against this attack on women’s rights. Thank you for your leadership!
Proud to stand with my fellow Democrats to honor our American heroes on  We may never be able to repay the fallen for the sacrifices they've made. But today, we remember their lives and their stories and carry on their mission to keep our country free. 
 Great, and now I'll be smiling all day. See how that works?! Thanks for your support!
My dad used to tell me you can never pay someone back—you can only pay it forward. Rarely is that truer than on  Please, join me today in honoring their memory with a kind thought or deed in service to your fellow countrymen and countrywomen.
All rights are women’s rights. Thank you Burlington, Iowa, for having me for this important conversation about protecting reproductive freedom. Right now, we’re in a dark place, but moments like this leave me hopeful. 
 On a flood tour and this couple, Garry and Carolyn, both farmers, approached with a $25 contribution. They sai…
In his order, Judge Reeves wrote "here we go again." A lot of us feel that way. Time ; time again, politicians have tried to strip women of their rights. Enough of this. We need to codify Roe v. Wade, repeal the Hyde Amendment ; vow to never go backwards. 
 Clearly I crack myself up too. Mind if I add that joke to rotation?
On the road in Iowa and the drives get long. So my team challenged me to see how many dad jokes I could deliver in a minute. How’d I do? 
 Before you speak to me about religion, first show it to me in how you treat people. Before you tell me how much you love Go…
The moment Joan told me she was going to caucus for me. Iowa, thank you so much for welcoming me with open arms during this RV trip. Day one down. More road updates here:  
 Black women face the highest infant mortality rates in the US -- making them even more susceptible to criminalization f…
 Are we even a family if we don't take awkward photos in front of an RV?
Everyone deserves access to quality, affordable health care. To the trans community, know that I—and so many others—will fight this alongside you. 
The abortion bans in Georgia, Alabama, Missouri ; more are part of a coordinated effort to erode women’s rights. My plan will protect reproductive freedom ; expand access to reproductive care. This is an everybody issue, ; we all need to join the fight.  
Iowans! Just a heads up: If you signed up for our Conversation with Cory event in Fairfield tonight, please note that there’s been a venue change. Details here: Hope to see you there! 
Please know this ban isn't in effect yet—together we can stop these coordinated attacks on reproductive freedom. Standing in solidarity with the women of Missouri today. 
Excited to hit the road this afternoon for a four-day RV trip across Iowa, yes because of the road snacks and the karaoke with my team, but also to meet people along the way. See you soon! 
Transgender people face enough challenges in the world. This proposal leaves them even more vulnerable. It's cruel, inhumane, and could be fatal. We're better than this. Everyone deserves a safe place to lay their head. 
Massive corporations are profiting to the tune of billions of dollars and are still not providing livable wages for workers. Proud to stand with  today to demand $15 minimum wage, union support and fair treatment for workers and their families. 
 
🖖🏾 
Taking requests 
 Thank you for sharing. Men cannot be absent in this fight.
Michelle thank you for bravely sharing this personal story with us. This story is yours ; only yours to tell, ; you chose to share it at a time when a choice you made may be stripped away from others in our country. My friend, I'm grateful for your voice.
Let’s get comfortable with this fact: It’s all health care.  
 Receiving an inordinate number of emails today regarding LA SB184! I am adamantly opposed to this unconstitutional bill. Wome…
 You're totally right. We must pass the  and stop this coordinated attacks on women's rights.
To learn more about my plan to protect reproductive freedoms, text CHOICE to 40203 
While it’s been a tough week for so many across the country fighting for reproductive rights, Nevada’s leadership on the Trust Nevada Women Act—which will lift restrictions on abortion—leaves me hopeful. 
Trump wanted Obama to show his birth certificate and he won’t even show his tax returns. 
This child died in September—how many more have to die? This is a national crisis. 
Today we honor the leadership of LGBTQ civil rights icon Harvey Milk, whose legacy continues to inspire. We still have so much work to do to ensure equality for all Americans, but the way he bravely lived his life through love should be guidance for us all.  
 Whoops, that really happened! Still inspired by your daughter's spirit of activism. She has a phenomenal role model in you.
 “Hope is the active conviction that despair will not have the last word. Legislators in Alabama will not have the last word. L…
As president, I will:✅Create a White House Office of Reproductive Freedom✅Reverse Trump Administration actions that forbid some providers from mentioning abortion ✅Appoint judges who will uphold Roe v. Wade 
Muhlaysia Booker. Michelle Washington. Dana Martin. Ashanti Carmon. Claire Legato. And those are just the names we know. Trans women of color are more likely to be killed than other groups of transgender women. This is a fact. And we have to do all we can to protect their lives. 
 Learned from the best!
 Sen. Cory Booker's proposal for a White House Office of Reproductive Freedom comes as Republican-controlled state legislature…
 Cory Booker Would Create an Office of Reproductive Freedom On Day One as President 
Trump and Pence are leading a coordinated attack on women’s rights by denying individuals the ability to make their own health care decisions. And we need a coordinated response to protect those freedoms. 
James Baldwin once wrote in a letter of solidarity to Angela Davis, “if they take you in the morning, they will be coming for us that night.”  Abortion access isn't just a fight for women, it’s for all people to ensure control of our own bodies.  
  “To all the men who are here, we MUST wake up more men to join this fight. NOT just because we have daughters and m…
 An  asked in NH if he would commit to repealing the Hyde Amendment.He said yes, and gave more details…
Roe v. Wade should be the law of the land. It’s that simple.
 They're coming for women.They're coming for doctors.They're coming for Roe.But we're the majority—and we're NOT going back.…
Bonnie gave a free lunch to a student who couldn't afford it...and was fired for it. But look how the universe conspired to support her. 
Another child has died in U.S. custody. Who are we if we can't protect the most vulnerable? 
 thank you for recognizing the critical work of Principal Akbar Cook ; the West Side High School staff, who provide their students with a place to belong. I can't stress how important that is for their morale ; their lives. This is phenomenal.
At a time when student debt is at its highest ; HBCUs are facing challenges, Robert Smith’s generous gift to Morehouse feels more powerful than ever. Not only will this lift the burden of a generational debt, it affirms the importance of these historic schools in our country. 
We need to listen, we need to support, we need to be better allies in this fight for basic human rights. 
From here on, wearing my Supernatural badge proudly. 
Challenge accepted! My staff is having a donor goal competition and I want in. Would you consider chipping in $1 to our campaign?  
We should live in a country that trusts women to make their own health care decisions. We should be able to trust that our government will protect that right. 
Almost two years ago, West Point grad Simone Askew became the first Black woman leader of the Corps of Cadets. This month, West Point will graduate the largest class of Black women in their history. Don't let anyone tell you representation doesn't matter. 
 8/ "I’m here because of so many LGBTQ Americans who stood for the rights of African Americans, and my message is that we continue…
Of course not! Thank you for all that you do in this fight. In solidarity, I want to let you all know that I am committed to listening and making sure women's rights in this country are protected. I will do all I can in this fight. 
When Carolyn Booker talks, people listen. Thank you for joining me on the campaign trail last weekend, Mom. 
Flint's poisoned water is a tragedy, but it's not an anomaly—it's happening all over America. And that's why we need to act to address environmental injustices now. 
Moments ago, the Missouri House passed a restrictive bill that prohibits abortion after eight weeks of pregnancy. It's one of many bans to pass in the last month. Men, we can't let women fight this alone. Abortion rights are our rights too. 
 An open letter to all men on abortion, from presidential hopeful 
We've seen a lot of injustice this week, but in this moment I am so incredibly proud of our country for saying no more to discrimination against LGBTQ people. Let's take this to the Senate to show that inequality won't be tolerated. 
 And here I was, thinking I was getting screened! In all seriousness Bri, thank you again for making our campaign stronger. I hope that shower gets fixed soon.
I am proud to be a co-sponsor of the Equality Act. Join me in making sure that we are protecting the rights of our LGBTQ family. 
 WATCH: / spoke w/ about the importance of the  protecting the rights of…
Love you my friend. I seriously so appreciate you, as a friend, ally and fierce leader. 
Brevity isn't my strong suit, but I think I made my point here. Thanks for having me on, 
What a stark difference that the same people who claim to care about all lives are doing nothing to protect migrant children. I am saddened at the news coming from our border—valuing all life means extending humanity to people seeking a better one. 
This is a question I've been getting a lot in recent weeks. As president, I will make Roe v. Wade the law of the land. Almost 50 years after Roe was decided, this shouldn't even be a debate. 
Anti-choice members of the Missouri Senate just passed another abortion ban in the dead of night. Let me repeat—this is a coordinated effort to repeal Roe v. Wade. It's wrong, it's unconstitutional and we need to codify Roe so it doesn't work. 
Men, we have to get up off the sidelines and fight this attack on women's reproductive rights the same way women have been doing. 
 Presidential hopeful Sen. Cory Booker told BuzzFeed News that if he becomes president, he wants Congress to make abortion…
 I’m deeply moved and motivated by your words and your loss...WE will change this together. I hope others will share their story to help prevent more people from sharing your pain.
And today, when the attacks on women's rights feel particularly acute, we must put our money where our mouths are to support women. Please join me and consider donating to and other organizations doing critical work: 
We must pass federal laws to protect women’s rights. We need to codify Roe v. Wade into law and fully fund Planned Parenthood. We must repeal the Hyde Amendment.
Men, it's on us to speak out too. It's on us to take action. Not because women are our mothers, wives, daughters. Because women are people. And all people deserve to control their own bodies.
The Alabama abortion ban is part of a coordinated, all-out effort to erode women’s reproductive rights and freedom nationwide. But let me be clear: Women shouldn't have to face this fight alone. 
We can talk about what we want to do to fix the problems facing our country, but are we actually listening? Grateful for moments like this that remind me of our collective power. The presidency isn't an autocracy—it's an office that belongs to the people. Listen to the people. 
Annie, it was so nice to see you in Concord. From fighting the opioid epidemic to supporting protections for people with pre-existing conditions, Granite Staters are benefiting from your leadership. Thank you! 
 Today Alabama passed the most extreme ban on abortion we’ve seen since Roe v. Wade.
The Alabama Senate just stripped women of health care rights by voting to make abortion procedures a felony. I will fight in solidarity with women to make sure rights guaranteed by Roe v. Wade will not be threatened by those who have no business making laws about their bodies. 
I know these measures work because we’ve watched the suicide rate decrease in places that have them. We can do this. As your president, I won’t be afraid to act to reduce firearm suicide and save more lives.  
I'm looking forward to joining for an Iowa town hall next week. To get exclusive updates leading up to (and during!) Thursday's event, text TOWNHALL to 40203 
Iowa, I'll see you again soon! 
A fire was intentionally set to the Diyanet Mosque in New Haven during Ramadan. Crimes like this are meant to terrify ; intimidate. But it won't work. Islamophobia is reprehensible, and we will defend our Muslim brothers ; sisters in the face of hate. 
We have to do all we can to prevent firearm suicide. That means licensing for guns, requiring safe storage of firearms, expansion of suicide prevention training for health professionals and more. 
Get well, President Carter! This news certainly put me in a fowl mood, but I know you’ll be on the mend soon. 
From our hiring practices to our engagement on policy and on the ground, inclusion of AAPI communities is important to our campaign. We're excited to continue to listen, learn, and build together. 
Every graduation season, I think about how so many will be held back by crushing student loan debt. I want you to know that I see you. And as president, I will do everything in my power to protect borrowers ; create debt-free college for future students to eliminate that burden. 
Providing access to prenatal care and doulas and extending postpartum care doesn't just cut maternal and infant mortality—it cuts the cost of health care overall. It's really that simple. 
Wow, what an innovative and creative way to inspire folks. Thank you for remembering those we lost and reminding people why we have to fight to end gun violence. You are what this country needs more of. Congratulations on your graduation! 
Assault weapons, high-capacity magazines, and bump stocks have been responsible for some of the deadliest mass shootings in our country. Let’s be clear—they are made for no other purpose than to kill people quickly and efficiently. And we need to ban them for good. 
Abortion is health care. Maternal care is health care. And women should make their own health care decisions. 
I am incredibly lucky to spend  with my mom this year. When she joined me on the campaign trail this weekend, it reminded me of the selflessness ; commitment mothers in all capacities have for those they care for. Today, we want to let you know you are appreciated. 
Thanks, mom!
I am so honored to deliver the commencement address at this morning. Congratulations to the Class of 2019—you can watch the livestream here: 
I hope you can join us for this important and necessary conversation. Tune in tonight. 
 Sen. Cory Booker on gun violence reform: We need more than "thoughts and prayers"  
Earlier this week, I wrote an op-ed about family separation and detention for Univision because we need to end indefinite detention now. It doesn't protect asylum seekers. It's not humane. And, it's not constitutional. 
A principios de esta semana escribí un artículo de opinión para Univision sobre la separación de familias inmigrantes y la importancia de terminar con las detenciones indefinidas de solicitantes de asilo. No es humano y ni siquiera es constitucional. 
North Carolina, thank you for having me yesterday to talk gun violence prevention, and thank you for your thoughtful questions about how we move our culture away from violence. It's not enough to just shift policy. We need to change hearts and minds if we want to save lives 
 2020 Presidential Candidate Cory Booker has arrived to keynote our 2019 Commencement Convocation!!! 
I am so excited to deliver the commencement address at Sending a huge congrats to the Class of 2019, who will continue the special tradition of preserving our HBCUs by going out into the world ; showing it what excellence looks like. Watch: 
  on plague of gun violence:“I'm taking a fight to this issue like folks have never seen before...We are not…
If you live in IA, NH, SC, NV or NJ, take a look at this ↓Justice Academy is a 10-week leadership development program for volunteers in your area. Check it out and apply today:  
Happening now: 
FACT: There have been more than 1,600 mass shootings since the Sandy Hook massacre. We don’t have to live this reality. We can take real action on the gun violence epidemic now. 
Bills like this that aim to punish women ; their doctors are gaining traction. This one is tabled right now because people refused to remain silent. We need to protect women's health care. We need to defend Roe v. Wade. 
Paid family leave is good for families, good for the economy, and should be guaranteed in New Hampshire and every state across our country. Deeply disappointed in this decision. 
Thank you for having me on today to discuss my plan to end the gun violence epidemic. We can't be a country that has shootings in our schools, our churches, our synagogues, and on our blocks and not do anything about it. 
 There have been 15 school shootings since the beginning of the year, two in the past few days alone. Now is the fir…
Licensing for guns. Closing loopholes.Commonsense gun regulation.A number of things could help us stay safe and keep guns out of the wrong hands. We have to take action. Now. 
Thank you for having me 
This week, published an editorial that called my plan to end gun violence "dangerous." In response, I wrote an op-ed on the importance of addressing this epidemic to save lives. They rejected it. So we're publishing it instead. Read it here: 
Coming up next, hope you can tune in! 
I am proud to sign the  to support Justice for all isn't possible if we continue to support a system of unpaid internships—we need to level the playing field to ensure everyone has an opportunity to achieve upward mobility. 
Imagine never going through the pain of a miscarriage or facing the decision of whether to have an abortion and still feeling like you have the right to make decisions about a woman's body and access to health care. 
I support Uber and Lyft drivers in their strike today as they say enough to unfair wages and mistreatment. Let's all demand livable wages, better working conditions and job security for drivers and workers across the country.
Yes.
Black women are dying from preventable conditions during ; after childbirth. We can do something about that. The MOMMIES Act would extend Medicaid coverage for postpartum women to a year. Maternal health care isn’t just about pregnancy—it’s about keeping mothers healthy ; alive. 
I’m really excited about this. Justice Academy is a leadership development program for people in IA, NH, SC, NV, and NJ, where you’ll get the tools to become a powerful advocate for justice in your community. Apply today:  
 A couple of days ago released the most ambitious plan to address gun violence of any 2020 candidate yet. In…
 Right before  and introduce sweeping bill to prevent pregnancy-related deaths among black…
Georgia's "fetal heartbeat" law is an all-out-attack on women that will strip them of rights before many even know they are pregnant. I will fight to protect Roe v. Wade—abortion is health care. 
We need to be strengthening worker protections and empowering unions, not gutting them. We need to make it easier to join a union, not harder.Grateful to have the opportunity to speak with workers at  today. 
It’s been a year since the Trump Administration announced its zero tolerance policy. Today, families are still being separated. Please call 202-224-3121 to urge your members of Congress to vote YES on the Dignity for Detained Immigrants Act. 
Why should toy guns be subject to more federal regulation than real ones? It’s time to change that. 
My heart aches. Another day, another school shooting. Every hour we wait more people are murdered—we have to pass comprehensive gun safety reform. 
This is deeply upsetting. Not only do we need full transparency when it comes to police-community relations, but the way Ms. Bland was treated is unconscionable. A routine traffic stop should never end this way. 
 Yesterday announced the most ambitious gun control proposal of any 2020 candidate 
We have to make it easier to connect guns to crimes. That’s why my plan will require handgun microstamping, which will enable law enforcement to quickly identify the gun used in a crime. 
 Bad policies like the forced pregnancy bill are a direct result of voter suppression. If leaders can silence Georgians’ v…
The gun industry should be held accountable for its role in the gun violence epidemic. We need to end legal immunity and help survivors seek justice.  
One hundred Americans are killed with guns every day. Gun violence is shattering our communities—but we don't have to live that reality. Text ENOUGH to 40203 to learn more about my plan to end the epidemic and how you can take action. 
  is showing and not telling! 
As we were filming in my neighborhood, three men were injured in a shooting a block away. When I say my fight to end gun violence is personal, this is why.  
Rick (again) welcome to the Senate. May we do better at what our nation needs more of:More grace ; less gratuitous jabs. More debating ideas ; less demeaning people. More kindness ; more kindness. I'm far from perfect in this. But I'll do better. Let's talk n person soon. 
 2020 candidates like Senator Booker are making gun safety a cornerstone of their campaigns—a seismic shift from past campaig…
During this special month, I want to wish a blessed Ramadan to our Muslim family across the world. May you find spiritual fulfillment and renewal as you celebrate this holy time. Ramadan Kareem!
Starting on Day One in office, I’ll take executive action to crack down on gun manufacturers ; dealers, close dangerous loopholes, ; invest in communities impacted by the epidemic of gun violence. We need to take real measures to protect our country ; support survivors. 
 “If you need a license to drive a car, you should need a license to own a gun. just laid out a comprehensive,…
 “It’s actually really simple. We do it for passports. We do it for TSA PreCheck,” says about his plan that would make…
 What Americans need right now are leaders who will address our nation’s gun violence crisis with solutions and common…
In many states the same commonsense rule that forbids an abusive spouse or ex-spouse to buy a gun does not apply to current or ex-dating partners. That doesn't make sense. My plan to end gun violence would close the “Boyfriend Loophole” once and for all.  
 This is an impressive and aggressive plan.  Thank you for helping to raise the issue of gun violence in th…
  now has the most aggressive gun violence prevention plan of any 2020 candidate.That this comes from a preside…
We have to keep guns out of the wrong hands.  
 Thrilled is leading w/ bold approach for reducing gun deaths: 1. regulate gun industry so it stops producing…
 This is a big deal.  Gun safety will be a part of this Presidential campaign and Americans will get to vote on it.  Th…
 Gun violence prevention seeks to reduce GV ; the trauma that comes w it. But what about those of us who’ve already experienced…
 Senator Cory Booker rolled out a broad gun-control plan on Monday, saying he was “sick and tired of hearing thoughts and praye…
 Cory Booker now has the most ambitious gun control proposal of any 2020 candidate 
We need an aggressive approach to end the epidemic of gun violence in our country. My new plan would:✅Keep guns out of the wrong hands✅Hold gun manufacturers accountable✅Bring the fight to the NRA
We're live! Tune in now for a conversation on environmental justice. 
Tonight at 8pm ET, I’ll be hosting a Facebook Live town hall to discuss environmental issues threatening our communities. We won’t have justice until everyone has access to clean water and air. Hope you can join us: 
 Booker asegura que su administración será histórica gracias a la población latina.  
Thanks to the thousands of new supporters who donated to my campaign this week! We qualified for the first debate—but now the DNC wants to raise the donor threshold for future debates. Can you help us hit our next 70k donor milestone by chipping in $1? 
 New day, new goals! Our average online donation over the past 48 hours is only *$11*.We blew past 65K thanks to you and are no…
May the Fourth be with you, Jake. 
My family knew Tyrone well, his kindness was infectious. He was a mentor, a leader, and a champion for his community. This is a huge loss for Nevada, my thoughts are with his family and friends at this time.
 Here's why cares so much about racial justice in the age of  legalization:"The War on…
A note to her competition: Stop tweeting and start competing.
Molly, I can’t thank you enough for being the donor that got us to our 65K milestone. I appreciate your support (and Ruud’s amazing dinosaur jacket). 
 Oh hey - A volunteer was 65,000th donor! 
Profiting from your own cruel policies. This is disgusting. 
 This Sunday 2020 Presidential Candidate joins on  Hope you join us! 
To every donor, supporter, those who spread the word—THANK YOU! Together, we hit our 65,000 donor threshold last night, which means my spot on the debate stage is secured! Thanks to everyone who made this happen, I'm so grateful to have you in my corner.  
Tune in! ⬇️ 
 Meagan, it's been great to work with you over the years—I'm confident that your leadership as the new President of the College Democrats of New Jersey will only strengthen our party. Can't wait to see you lead!
Cash bail doesn't work, it never has ; it's time to end it.
Honoring the six million Jews murdered in the Holocaust must include a vow to fight anti-Semitism whenever and wherever it shows up. Hate will not deter us from working to create a world where this never happens again. We will never forget.  
I tried to tell you all! 
 I have no idea who I'm supporting in this primary, but I do know I want in the debates. I'm donating $1 to help h…
Madalyn, thank you for chipping in to our campaign! Rumor has it we're getting closer to our threshold of 65,000 donors to reach the debate stage... 
Today I want to shout out my friend Exec. Director of ; a South Asian American leader who champions justice by advocating for all—fighting for our rights with compassion ; kindness. I’m proud to have Amol as a leader in my home state—NJ is better for it. 
In honor of  this year, we're highlighting individuals who are using their work to advocate for API communities while encouraging visibility and representation.
 Please, I am personally appealing to you to make a small donation to insure that my senator is on the debate…
 I’m on Team  because he believes in justice for ALL. Join me in making his voice heard on the debate stage. Chip…
 Fayde heard needs less than 2,000 donors to secure a spot at the debates. He ran upstairs and got his wallet. “…
We’re less than 2,000 donors away from hitting the 65,000 donor threshold needed to qualify for the debates. I know we can do this today. Who’s in?  
The third report in five months of an undocumented minor dying in U.S. custody. We can't be the country that continues to let this happen. Our immigration detention system needs a radical overhaul before more kids die. 
Today marks the start of Asian Pacific American Heritage Month. As we celebrate the history ; achievements of API communities in the coming weeks, we must also remember to do so throughout the year—inclusion isn't a monthly exercise. It requires consistency ; purpose. 
Flooding along the Mississippi has devastated communities and leveled homes and levees. As people begin to rebuild, know that this team will be right there beside you. If you're hoping to help, the Red Cross is providing support to those who need it  
Attorney General Barr answers to the American people—not to President Trump—and over the past 24 hours it’s become clear that he lied to us and mishandled the Mueller Report. He needs to step down. Add your name if you agree: 
Teachers often have to work two jobs to make ends meet. Classrooms are too big, resources slim. As they march in South Carolina, let’s renew our call for education investment; teachers should be able to do their jobs without the burden of inadequate support ; debt. 
One day isn't enough to honor workers around the country, but the best way we can lift them up is by fighting for fair wages, better contracts, health care benefits ; just treatment. On  let's all pay tribute to those who sacrificed so that we may have workers' rights.
 If you are a man who believes women should be protected in the constitution from discrimination based on sex—retweet thi…
 Cory Booker — along with Reps. Jayapal and Smith — has a pretty radical response to Trump's moves to detain more asylum-seekers:…
San Diego, Baltimore and now Charlotte. If we're not doing everything we can to stop dangerous people from buying guns, we're not doing nearly enough. 
Stripping asylum seekers of their right to due process is:✅Racist✅ Inhumane✅UnconstitutionalTake your pick. Either way, it's wrong and we need to end it. 
I'm reintroducing the Dignity for Detained Immigrants Act because it's morally wrong to extend cruelty to asylum seekers instead of refuge. Indefinite detention is an inhumane system. And it must end now.
 I sat down with this morning to talk tacos ; 2020. We’re inviting all the democratic candidates to our tab…
This is heartbreaking. What John Singleton did for the film canon, what he represents for Black America and what he meant to young filmmakers who came after him can't be overstated. He's a genius and a trailblazer who we won't soon forget.
Fue un placer hablar con y Gracias por la oportunidad! 
We can't say we care about gun safety reform ; then ignore cities where gun violence is shattering communities daily. Baltimore experienced a mass shooting yesterday ; it deserves our attention. Gun violence is a national epidemic—our outrage can't be determined by zip codes. 
This is brilliant. Congratulations to on its launch—the power of women is unmatched and we are all indebted to them for the progress made in this country. I cannot wait to see how you transform this nation! 
I welcome any opportunity to talk about how faith guides me, but I cannot—in good conscience—attend an event put on by an organization that preaches bigotry and sows hate against the LGBTQ community. That's why I am declining an invitation to the Family Leader's July 12 summit.
  y se fueron a comer unos tacos y por supuesto hablar de su aspiración de ser presidente…
What greater civil right is there than access to clean air? Or clean water? Big thanks to South Carolina for hosting me last week as I rolled out the first planks of my environmental justice plan during the Justice For All tour.  
Democracy does indeed die in the dark. Judge Damon Keith spent a lifetime bringing truth and justice to light to preserve our country. We won’t forget it. My thoughts are with his family during this difficult time. 
This is what you call a lie. 
Ensuring people have access to affordable housing isn’t just a smart investment in our economy—it’s the right thing to do. 
 Con el candidato presidencial en Miami. Es vegano y hoy cumple 50 años de edad y se la pasó haciendo campañ…
Thank you David! Grateful for your friendship and your commitment to serving your community. 
There's something so special about towns like Hampton. Glad I got a chance to visit and speak with you all! 
Praying for comfort and healing for the Chabad of Poway congregation today, as we deal with yet another mass shooting at a house of worship, fueled by anti-Semitism. Gun safety reform needs to happen—now.
 Thanks guys for coming and  today with Happy 50th  we appreciate the 
 Happy Birthday! My daughter and I volunteered at a community brunch here in Schenectady. The brunch is alw…
Laura, you are doing important work. Thank you for the birthday wishes! 
Clarendon County, South Carolina, thank you so much for the birthday song (and the vegan cupcakes). This is 50. 
Today’s the day! If you’re completing 50 minutes of community service to help me celebrate my 50th birthday, share your photos on social media and use  want to see the impact you’re making in your community! 
God only made so many perfect heads—gotta let them shine! 
Nothing humbles me more than sharing moments like this one. Lupe invited me into her home, shared her story, and blessed me with an escapulario for protection on the campaign trail. 
When I was coming up, I remember how badly I wanted to give back to my community. Here's an option: my team is looking for (paid) fellows with a drive to build a better country. Today's the last day to apply - don't miss it! 
 Cory Booker rolls out plan for tougher EPA action at SC environmental justice event  
It's time to hold corporate polluters accountable for the damage they've done to our communities. That starts with ending Trump's rollback of anti-pollution enforcement and making these companies pay up. 
  decided to kick off his weekend by pledging to do the work necessary to defeat Trump in 2020. We're excit…
Agent Orange in the Passaic River. Lead in Flint's water.Manganese dust in Chicago.This is what happens when polluters go unchecked. As president, I'll strengthen the Environmental Protection Agency's power and hold those poisoning our communities accountable. 
The people of New Orleans deserve an infrastructure that won’t fail at a moment’s notice. My friend is doing an incredible job leading here. 
Thank you to everyone in the who stayed up all night fighting for working families and their right to a secure retirement. Grateful for your leadership! 
My 50th birthday is in two days ; I’m inviting you to celebrate with me by committing to 50 minutes of community service with your friends this Saturday. All you have to do is sign up here to host an event (or find one near you). Hope you can join us:  
 Thank you for sharing your story, Khary. We owe it to survivors like you to reform our country's gun laws.
 This Saturday at 10am Team is putting politics aside to make a lasting impact in New Hampshire. We'll be clean…
Fact: Wages for the lowest-income workers in this country have barely risen in four decades but corporate profits are at an 80-plus year high. Something is wrong with that picture. 
 We should all commend commitment to renewable energy options—leadership like this is what will make us a stronger country (and a healthier planet). Congratulations!
If you live in a community like mine, climate change isn’t just some future threat—it’s an urgent problem right now.  
This is a poll tax. 
We all owe a debt to women of color for their leadership. Today at I was honored to hear their questions. As your president, I will make sure that inclusion isn't just a box-checking exercise—it will mean having your voice heard at all times in this country. 
I can't stress how important and huge this win is, not just for Tampa, but for our country as we build a society reflective of all its peoples. Tampa, you did it. Congratulations again, 
 Talk about it "The criticism of – what Donald Trump has been saying about her – is reprehensible. It is trafficki…
 Kat, I am so thankful for your support. Find out how to get involved here: 
 You can’t lead the people if you don’t love the people.  
  addresses care and caregivers in his discussion of the future of work. This is exactly what is…
 Question to Senator Cory Booker "Do you consider taxing corporations a racial justice issue if so then why?"Senator Cory…
 “Asthma rates in communities like mine are significantly higher than rich, suburban areas. As POTUS I’ll make sure we figh…
Women of color have been on the front lines of movements ; in front of the line at the voting booth. Honored to join today to discuss the issues that matter most to them in this presidential election. Watch live: 
I support and workers in their fight for a fair contract. It goes without saying that all workers deserve fair wages and it's shameful that this has to be repeated. 
 The Guardian's series on America's Broken Capitalism starts today with a series of pieces, including this from
Take a few minutes this morning to catch up on last week’s town hall. We filmed live from a living room in Atlanta and talked about everything from the need for a new Voting Rights Act to a woman’s right to safe, legal abortion: 
Having face-to-face conversations is often the best way to learn about the most important issues affecting communities...Grateful to for bringing me along this morning to knock on doors and see firsthand the incredible work they do for communities of color. 
 So awesome. Thank you Rick for having me join this morning!
 Just another day in the life:  Knocking doors with US Senator and Presidential Candidate Cory Booker!   
My heart breaks for Nigel and his family. We have to build a world where LGBTQ kids feel loved and affirmed in their identities. We honor Nigel by fighting for such a world every day. 
Milwaukee, thank you for having me today to discuss gun violence in our communities. I refuse to offer "thoughts ; prayers" alone—as my mom would say, faith without works is dead. We need action on gun safety measures like universal background checks and an assault weapons ban. 
The face of gun violence in this country doesn't stop at mass shootings—it's an everyday reality for many people. I'm not going to ignore that constant trauma.
 at a  event in  " is a contributing factor to violence. We must raise wages in th…
I'm on a mission in this campaign to make people's lives better. And really, that's the number one priority. 
This is not up for debate: Fair wages and benefits should be extended to all working Americans in this country. Inspired by Stop ; Shop employees, who demanded their voices be heard and their work valued. 
Views of our home from space never get old. Happy  
Thank you for having me It is truly inspiring to see what's possible for our country when leadership finds solutions that benefit both our environment and our economy. Plants like this one are the future. 
On  we can't forget communities that experience the biggest consequences of air pollution, water contamination, and more. The Environmental Justice Caucus will ensure that protecting our planet also means protecting our most vulnerable.
 I am honored to have you join team It was great seeing you and your family last week. I look forward to being back in Iowa soon. Thank you for your hard work in the Iowa House! 
Students are the ones who will have to deal with the decisions lawmakers make for decades to come—protecting their right to vote is paramount. Thank you, for leading the fight in New Hampshire to protect student voters. I'm proud to support this fight. 
Five years after one of the worst man-made environmental disasters in our history, Flint still doesn't have clean water. And we're still fighting for clean water in places like Newark, Pittsburgh, ; Detroit. Who are we if we can't guarantee this basic right to Americans? 
Taking time to reflect on the enduring power of grace this Easter morning. Happy Easter to everyone celebrating! 
The Apostle Paul wrote, "Rejoice with those who rejoice, weep with those who weep." On a day meant for celebration, so many families in Sri Lanka are devastated, and my heart breaks along with theirs. There's absolutely no justification for this. 
 Families are dealing with their immigration status every single day. Grateful that Sen took time out of his busy…
 Great seeing you - so glad to be back!
 Great breaking bread with my friend Welcome back to Vegas! 
I hope the force is with us. Thanks for having me, Ben! Happy to help you and carry on this tradition. Send me a picture of the model next year when it's complete! 
Blessed to meet with such an inspiring group of women today. The generous hospitality they showed to me and my team while sharing personal, harrowing stories of our immigration system is a lesson for us all about common decency, humanity and family. 
Columbine was 20 years ago, and yet we still haven’t taken meaningful action to stop gun violence. Enough is enough—we can't wait for progress. People are getting shot every day. It was time then, and it's time now.
The New Colossus says, “Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to be free." Nowhere does it say kidnap families seeking a better life. These vigilantes are pointing to the administration as their license to do this. 
The Marijuana Justice Act wouldn’t just legalize marijuana—it would expunge the records of millions of people who have been hurt by the War on Drugs.
As we work to legalize marijuana nationwide, we’ve got to also ensure equity in the marijuana industry. Communities that have been historically targeted by the failed War on Drugs can't be left out of opportunities to participate in the legal marijuana economy.
Thanks so much for having me! We’ve got to make sure workers are included in company buyback profits—not just shareholders. 
The Passover story—one of redemption and freedom—is among the most powerful we have. Chag Pesach Sameach to everyone celebrating!
Fired up to be back in Nevada—a second home for me since my mom lives here! Excited to meet new people in Reno, Carson City and rural communities throughout the state today. 
 I know is excited to meet ; listen to the voters of SC. He's making more trips ; spending more time here than anyo…
In the wealthiest country in the world, we've got to do more to ensure hard-working Americans can provide for themselves and their families. This plan will lift 15 million Americans out of poverty and help nearly half of all Americans pay for the rising cost of living.
A cost-of-living refund matters to a low-income student who under the current code is excluded from benefits. The Rise Credit will help—30 percent of college students in this country struggle just to buy food.
That matters to people caring for kids or elderly or sick family members, whose annual out-of-pocket costs to support their loved ones can reach the thousands. Combined with their own cost of living, the expenses can be crippling.
The Rise Credit would expand eligibility of the Earned Income Tax Credit to include those typically left out—students, caregivers, ; most people without kids—giving households a cost-of-living refund of up to $8,000.
The cost of living is rising and families and individuals are struggling under current tax codes. The solution is simple—give them a refund. That's what the Rise Credit will do. 
We have a leader in the White House who chooses who to protect ; support based on racism ; bigotry. That's not leadership at all. That's playground politics. We need a president who will represent all of our country's people. And we won't accept anything less. 
 Next time on  we visit Newark to ball with presidential candidate there, Thursday 11/10c…
Believe climate change is real and women should make their own reproductive health decisions? Then apply for a paid internship (or to receive college credit) with  
The Trump administration posted an unsearchable pdf of the Mueller report so it would be harder for you to read.We made it easier. Here’s a searchable version: 
The American people deserve the truth.Not spin from a Trump appointee.Release Mueller's full report now.
Think about it this way: Trump's transgender military ban is crushing careers, taking food off of families' tables, and now it's barring this student from receiving an education. Oh. And it's bigoted. 
It's about time.
Thank you, for joining our campaign! 
 
So great to be back in the city that my parents called home for over twenty years. Thank you for welcoming me back, Atlanta! And special thanks to the student leaders and activists who hosted me for a necessary discussion on voting rights and reproductive justice. 
Voting rights are still under assault. We’ve watched as:—Voters were purged from rolls—Voter ID laws targeted people of color—Elections were stolenWe need policy to preserve our right to vote. And it’s a shame we’re still fighting the same struggle of past generations. 
College costs have increased 8 times faster than wages since the 1980s. Rents are rapidly increasing. The cost of living overall is rising—the fastest rate in 10 years. People quite literally can't afford to live in America ; we can't wait for a solution.  
It should make us all pause that we have a tax system that doesn't benefit the majority of hard-working people in this country. The Rise Credit is a common sense approach—lowering annual tax bills and expanding eligibility for tax credits will leave families with more money. 
I'll see you soon, Georgia. If you haven't already, RSVP here to attend the Justice For All Atlanta event:  
The current administration is trying to push their prejudice as policy. They've thrown children into cages, incited Islamophobia, ; banned some of our bravest Americans from fighting for this country. There's nothing courageous about this leadership. It's cowardly. 
Sometimes you just need a karaoke break.
We face big challenges as a nation—we need to make health care more affordable for all, fix our crumbling infrastructure ; confront the threat of climate change. Grateful for the opportunity to meet with folks in Carroll, Iowa today to talk about how we’re going to do it. 
Give a warm welcome to our Iowa team and follow along for updates on the ground  
 "We will pursue a new Voting Rights Act, end gerrymandering, and get dark money out of politics once and for all."Looks…
 Cory Booker has unveiled a new policy called the "Rise Credit" that aims to expand eligibility for the Earned Income Tax Credit…
Bodega Boys made it over to Brick City. And yeah, it was indeed brick city for much of the night, but my floater wasn't half bad. Catch me on this Thursday (11pm ET/PT) -- don't miss this game. 
Day 2 of the Justice For All Tour! Kicked off the morning answering some incredible questions from Sergeant Bluff High School students about everything from women’s rights to the student debt crisis. Students are engaged and ready to vote. Let's listen to them! 
Our tax system is gutting Americans. People are trying to make ends meet ; then spending hundreds of dollars on for-profit filing services that aren’t easy to access. This is more than a dollars ; cents issue, it's about equity ; quality of life.   
Jackie Robinson really did change the game when he broke color barrier 72 years ago today. He's an example of how generations of Americans refused to wait for justice—they made it happen. Thank you for showing us that spirit of tenacity. Progress must be demanded. 
Grateful for such a warm welcome in Sioux City as we kicked off the first stop on our Justice for All tour—thank you to everyone who joined us this evening! 
The cost of living is high ; people are living paycheck-to-paycheck. So it makes no sense that those who make the most often end up paying the least in taxes. The Rise Credit benefits more than half of all Americans, ensuring we don't leave families behind. 
Strengthening the economy depends on our ability to strengthen American families. This is how we make that happen:
Iowa, I'm on my way! Thrilled to kick off my Justice For All Tour here and excited to meet with you to discuss how we can create a country where justice isn't an unattainable dream, but the standard for all Americans and their families.
We Won't Wait. 
I hope you'll join our movement:  
 Sen. Cory Booker formally joins presidential race with an echo of Martin Luther King Jr.: “We can’t wait.” 
 Senator Cory Booker, drawing on themes from the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s “Letter From a Birmingham Jail,” pitched his…
"Justice too long delayed is justice denied." —Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. 
Trump’s recent attacks on are unacceptable—this is the same language that gives extremists license to carry out violence against our Muslim brothers and sisters. 
Generations of Americans have shown us what was possible when they refused to wait for progress. Now it’s our turn. And we have work to do. 
We can’t wait for change. None of us can. If you agree, chip in to our campaign  
My heart is full. Thank you, Newark. 
Thanks for coming! 
 Rally ends with High Hopes - in more ways than one.   
  I'm FIRED UP! 
 “The only way we build a nation of liberty and justice for all is by doing it together. We have to decide whether we will cho…
 Well done, my friend, An absolutely incredible campaign kickoff!   
Together, we will run at the tough challenges.Together, we will do the things that other people say are impossible.Together, we will fulfill our pledge to be a nation of liberty and justice for all.Together, we will win.And together, we will rise.  
America we know our history — it is perpetual testimony to impatient, demanding, unrelenting people who in every generation stand up for justice. 
We can’t afford a politics of division that sacrifices progress for purity. Our first priority must be to make people’s lives better. Now. 
Veterans deserve everything they have fought so bravely for— health care, education and good-paying jobs. 
We can’t have social justice or economic justice if we don’t have environmental justice.  
We won’t wait:- for criminal justice reform- for the legalization of marijuana at a federal level- for more thoughts and prayers for the communities that have been shattered by gun violence.We won’t wait.
We can’t wait:—when this administration is throwing children into cages—when brave transgender Americans are prevented from serving the country they love—when people who work two or three jobs still can’t pay the billsWe can’t wait.
The only way to overcome tough challenges is by extending grace, finding common ground, and working together. 
We are impatient for justice—and that impatience comes from the most demanding of values. It comes from love. 
Cory’s about to share his vision of how we can unite to build a more fair, just country. Tune in now! 
I’m honored to play a small part in this city’s history. It’s my daily reminder that the lines that divide us are nowhere near as strong as the ties that bind us. And that's why I'm betting on strong, courageous love in our fight to obtain justice for all: 
We refused to wait—we did it together. When I say love will win in 2020, I’m speaking from experience. I've seen it in action in a city with serious challenges and a lot of naysayers. So I know it works.
Newark entered its largest period of economic growth since the 1960s. We built grocery stores in food deserts and businesses downtown. We made ambitious changes to city schools and created parks.
And with this in mind, I was able to become a part of the community of activists already urgently working to change their circumstances and transform our city. And together, we achieved a lot.
“The world you see outside of you is a reflection of what you have inside of you,” she would say. If you only see darkness, that’s how you’re going to see cities, like Newark, that have faced economic insecurity, gun violence, corruption, failing education...
Ms. Jones had reason to fall into the seduction of despair—her son was fatally shot in our lobby—but she didn't. She taught me that Newark didn’t need saving from our perceived destruction. It was the rest of the nation that needed help to see the goodness of this community.
When I moved here 20+ years ago, this city quickly humbled me. I met a woman named Virginia Jones, the tenant president in the projects where I lived ; learned to see the promise of Newark amidst the very real pain.
Today we're hosting our Hometown Kickoff in Newark. This means a lot to me—it's a testament to how far we've come as a city and a model for how far we can go as a country. 
Thank them for their enthusiasm…and the support! 
 Excited to open our  Iowa HQ today and host a watch party for  Hometown Kickoff speech. It’s not…
 🖤 I am excited. Can we all watch this together at 1pm eastern? Link for livestream in Senator Booker’s tweet. 
Looks like is out here sharing campaign secrets. 
We wish you could join us! But you can watch along here on our livestream at 12:30 PM ET  
Thank you, Sue! This is what community is all about. 
Today is the day! The Hometown Kickoff starts in just a few hours. Watch along as I share my vision for a more just and fair nation.  
Mom said it, so you have to do it. See you all tomorrow at the kickoff for the Justice For All tour!  
Tomorrow is the day. I'm officially kicking off the Justice for All tour in Newark, New Jersey and I want you to join me. Thanks for having me on this morning to talk about my city and my vision for America  
Ohio is the 3rd state this year that moved to ban abortions at six weeks. These bills are unconstitutional, but states are playing a long game: A possible Roe v. Wade repeal could trigger them into effect. We won't accept this attack on women's rights. 
Seeing this movie, I am. 
The first flag that I raised at City Hall when I became mayor of Newark was the pride flag. As your president, I'll fight day in and day out for LGBTQ communities. 
Remember this the next time they tell you your health care matters to them.
  to my lunch with at Busboys ; Poets in historic Anacostia earlier this week.I appreciated his perspect…
Grateful for the opportunity to address these issues head-on. 
Black churches were:- Burned during Jim Crow- Bombed in 1963- Under gunfire in 2015This is terrorism. Make no mistake, the recent church fires in Louisiana are horrific, but the fear they were intended to cause pale in comparison to the unshakable faith of those targeted. 
Thank you Timothy and Asia! 
It's a shame that American workers have to go to these lengths just to earn fair wages and decent benefits. I urge Stop ; Shop management to put families first and provide fair contracts. 
It's that simple. 
 Our Director of Advance got her lanyards today and she is hype. Come join Marquita and the Squad (and thousands of…
You're right to bring up Medicare for All, and I've been clear about the need for accessible health care in our nation. But this is a fact: Black women are four times as likely to die from pregnancy-related complications than white women. That needs to be addressed. 
The FCC rolled back net neutrality rules last year, allowing providers to throttle internet speeds to benefit corporations at the expense of the rest of us. Americans overwhelmingly support net neutrality. Glad to see the House pass this important bill. 
The anniversary of the Fair Housing Act is a reminder that equal housing access is a basic right. It’s why I’ve fought so hard in my career to protect tenants’ rights. Today, the work continues. The American Dream means nothing if we don’t all have a chance to achieve it. 
You know that moment you read about a historical event and wonder, wow, that must've been cool to experience?That moment is now. Congratulations Katie! 
The Justice For All Tour is about showing the world our unapologetically bold and unwaveringly optimistic view about what Americans can get done when we work together. And I want you to be there for our kickoff event in Newark this weekend. RSVP!
Our first big event is in Newark on April 13th. Will you be there? RSVP now!
The Justice For All kickoff event is going to be a chance for this team to come together and celebrate the beginning of something special. I hope you can make it. RSVP now!
We’re kicking off our national Justice For All Tour -- the first major event of our campaign for president -- in Newark on Saturday, April 13th. I’d love for you to be there. RSVP!
The Justice For All Tour is about showing the world our unapologetically bold and unwaveringly optimistic view about what Americans can get done when we work together. And I want you to be there for our kickoff event in Newark this weekend. RSVP!
Our first big event is in Newark on April 13th. Will you be there? RSVP now!
The Justice For All kickoff event is going to be a chance for this team to come together and celebrate the beginning of something special. I hope you can make it. RSVP now!
We’re kicking off our national Justice For All Tour -- the first major event of our campaign for president -- in Newark on Saturday, April 13th. I’d love for you to be there. RSVP!
We’re only a few days away from our official hometown kickoff—the first big event of this campaign. I’m excited to meet with folks in my home community of Newark ; share my vision for the country! Please RSVP to join us on Saturday and invite your friends: 
I'm so proud of my colleagues in the House for prioritizing Black maternal health care. Black women are dying at an alarming rate from preventable issues, and ignoring this fact is a literal death sentence for Black women. 
The Justice For All Tour is about showing the world our unapologetically bold and unwaveringly optimistic view about what Americans can get done when we work together. And I want you to be there for our kickoff event in Newark this weekend. RSVP!
Our first big event is in Newark on April 13th. Will you be there? RSVP now!
The Justice For All kickoff event is going to be a chance for this team to come together and celebrate the beginning of something special. I hope you can make it. RSVP now!
We’re kicking off our national Justice For All Tour -- the first major event of our campaign for president -- in Newark on Saturday, April 13th. I’d love for you to be there. RSVP!
Jon has it right. We need a leader who recognizes we have more in common than not. Proud to call you a friend and I'm honored to have your support in this election 
There's a lot of talk about the legalization of marijuana. It’s about time. But there’s not nearly enough talk about restorative justice to lift minority communities gutted by the war on drugs. 
Looking forward to watching, Everyone else, make sure to tune in! 
We need to invest in the resource that is the genius of our children. That means prenatal care that doesn’t start in the emergency room, universal Pre-K, and making sure they don’t inherit trillions in debt. 
We must deal with rising wealth inequality, and invest in ideas that can help give every child born in this country a fair shot at achieving the American Dream. 
Don't do this. 
Educators at every level of our education system deserve better. I support the Rutgers AAUP-AFT in this fight for equality ; dignity. Rutgers faculty are on the front lines every day for their students—we should all be united in the movement to support them.
This is personal: I’ve witnessed the horrors of gun violence in my city firsthand. I know the names and faces. I'm sick of attending funerals. We have to act now. 
I’ve been unapologetic in my belief that this can’t just be about acknowledging the past. It needs to be about actually confronting racist policy that persists right now in the present. Because if we don’t, we cannot guarantee that our future will be any different than our past. 
Thank you Jon, we're so excited to have your support! If you're in New Hampshire and also want to join the team, text NH to 40203. 
 Join Cory Booker next Saturday in Newark for a kick-off event and in Jersey City for a post-party event!
We need to close the wealth gap and give every child born in the US a fair shot at the American Dream—my baby bonds proposal is a clear path forward to making that happen. 
I am proud to introduce legislation that will finally address many of our country's policies—rooted in a history of slavery and white supremacy—that continue to erode Black communities, perpetuate racism and implicit bias, and widen the racial wealth gap.
We're in this together.  
We can’t let this lull us into a false sense of complacency—we still have kids locked up in cages, and the cruelty won’t end as long as Trump is in the White House. My Judiciary Committee colleagues and I will continue the fight. 
The best way to win this election is not to fight it on Donald Trump's terms. Not to show the worst of who we are. We can't beat hate with hate. Londonderry, NH, thank you for giving me the time to discuss real solutions to lift up our country. 
There are still more than 20 million people living without access to affordable health care who could go bankrupt because of unexpected medical bills. In the wealthiest country in the world, every person should have access to quality and affordable health care. 
Bedford, NH brought the energy this morning! Great way to start the day discussing baby bonds, my solution to addressing our growing wealth gap and a way to ensure that all children born in America can achieve upward mobility. 
 Londonderry, NH is FIRED UP 🔥 for 😍🎉🇺🇸👏 
Thank you for coming out! 
Bringing a little Garden State to the Granite State! Kicked off this New Hampshire trip with a spirited conversation about closing the wealth inequality gap, jobs, health care access, and solutions that will bring us into a 21st century economy. Thank you for hosting me, Amherst! 
One week from today, we’ll be kicking off our Justice for All Tour in Newark! I hope to see you there. Don’t forget to RSVP here: 
New Hampshire! Excited to be back in the Granite State today ; tomorrow. Please join us at these events below—hope to see you there! Amherst → Bedford → Londonderry → Dover → 
An American hero.  
Two things:- Seeking asylum is a legal right- Language like this has historically been used to dehumanize, enslave, commit genocide, and carry out acts of violence around the world and across history. We won't stand for it. 
Real economic justice can’t be color-blind; the policies that got us here weren’t. It’s not enough to atone for the past if we’re not confronting the bias of the present. 
In a country as wealthy as the United States of America, it’s a shame many families don’t have an opportunity to achieve upward mobility. We can no longer accept racial and economic disparity as a normal function of our society.  
We’ve talked about racial and economic disparities in this country long enough. It’s time for real action. Watch live: 
You don't have to live in Newark to attend the kickoff for our campaign's national Justice for All Tour!  
 It takes courage and dedication to make a city thrive. As a former mayor, I know the job gets tough, but has never wavered in her commitment to community. Manchester has a fine leader in her—let's keep it that way. I look forward to standing with you in re-election!
On this day 51 years ago, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated. Today, we must radically embrace his legacy the same way he radically pushed this country to embrace justice. We must dream again. 
Newark, we're counting down the days until our official hometown kickoff—the first big event of this campaign—on Saturday, April 13. I'm so excited to see you there! RSVP to join us:  
It looks like the NRA heard us loud and clear. But its positions are tired, and the movement to take it down will not be discouraged. 
I know it feels like it’s time to worry in this country. But worrying didn’t get us civil rights, women’s rights, or workers' rights. Organizing, fighting together, and standing together did. So, let's get to it. 
In a city that serves as the hometown for many Black American politicians who have made history, there is another political first. Congrats on becoming Chicago's first Black woman mayor and good luck as you embark on this historic journey. 
LGBTQ people are 4.5%+ of the US population but only 0.1% of all officeholders identify as LGBTQ. For National  Day let’s work on fixing this severe under-representation ; encourage our LGBTQ friends, family ; community leaders to run for office: 
 Thank you, Matt, for your commitment to service. And to the thousands like you who made a choice to dedicate their lives to service, thank you for making a difference in your community every day in the spirit of common purpose.
My favorite part of any town hall is meeting the folks who stick around to say hi! 
There are 3 million+ Americans in the "place" called Puerto Rico. The truth? They are fellow citizens and they deserve to be acknowledged and protected as such. The only "mess" in this national emergency is the refusal to act honestly and accordingly. 
Women earn 79¢ for every $1 that men earn—and the gap's even wider for black and Latina women. This undermines the potential of working women and it's an economic crisis for our country. It's time for equal pay for women's work. 
Wealth inequality is at its highest point in decades, hurting kids’ ability to get a fair shot. By funding a savings account for every child born in America, we could help solve that problem.Read more about our Baby Bonds plan: 
 I’m attending Team Cory’s event, “Cory Booker's Official Hometown Kickoff in Newark” – sign up now to join me!  
Wisconsin! Tomorrow you have the chance to elect for Wisconsin Supreme Court. She’s the clear choice in this race -- decades of experience ; will work to ensure a fair, impartial ; independent court. Find your polling place here: 
We all face challenges, but we can't surrender to cynicism. We've got to find the courage to get up, get involved, get engaged, and move this democracy forward together.  
Our campaign is rejecting money from corporate PACs ; federal lobbyists so grassroots support is critical to reaching our $400,000 end of quarter goal. Will you help by making a donation before the important FEC filing deadline tonight? Every dollar helps! 
We have no problem coming up with trillions of dollars to fight wars overseas, but when our vets come home, suddenly we can’t find the resources to take care of them. That’s wrong and needs to change. 
To our transgender brothers ; sisters: We stand with you today on International Transgender Day of Visibility ; always. As we celebrate the courage ; accomplishments of the trans community, we also know that it takes all of us united to continue the fight against hate.
 Cannot wait for kickoff rally in Newark!!! 
Cesar Chavez was an incredible leader. His work advocating for farmworkers ; fighting for labor ; civil rights inspires.  
 “I'm happy now that I'm one of the folks that's takes the pledge to have clean money and clean campaigns.”—…
Today is the last day to become a Founding Donor of our campaign before we hit our FEC deadline. Will you chip in before midnight tonight? 
We’re building our campaign the right way—one donation at a time, by people like you. Chip in our campaign’s average online donation of $34 or more right now, and we’ll send you a limited-edition Cory 2020 pin. 
 “I am frustrated with politicians who all the best they can muster is to give thoughts and prayers. Enough of that. Enough…
We have to support our teachers. Here's where we can start: ✅ support teachers' ability to organize, form unions ; bargain collectively✅ fully fund special needs education✅ forgive student loan debt of public school teachers 
 ‘The Bible talks more about poverty, about greeting the stranger…far more than it talks about the kind of toxic stuff you…
 I’m attending Team Cory’s event, “Cory Booker's Official Hometown Kickoff in Newark” – sign up now to join me!  
Farmers feed America -- we've gotta take better care of them. That means passing serious policy reform, like ending corporate ag consolidation. I'm proud to support the Farmers Bill of Rights as my North Star on ag. 
When we file our FEC report after tomorrow’s midnight deadline, I want people to see a campaign dedicated to core values -- rejecting special interest cash from corporate PACs and DC lobbyists. I’m hoping you can help by making a contribution today: 
Mayor Ken Gibson was an incredible man. Newark wouldn’t be where it is today without his steady stewardship. As the first African American mayor of a major city here in the Northeast, he was a big inspiration for me and countless others.  
If our own military is preparing for the effects of climate change, then our country's leadership should get serious too. That's why I support the Green New Deal ; I'll immediately rejoin the Paris Climate Accord as president. 
Jenn, thank you for speaking up. Voices like yours are so important to improving the quality of life for kids and families. 
 Come join for his Hometown Kickoff in Newark on April 13th. This will be the first big event of the campaig…
 is an outrageous attack on women. Georgians deserve so much better. Grateful for all the activists in Georgia who fought it. This isn't over - I'm with you. 
Whether I’m home in Newark or on the road, I hear story after story of how broken our health care system is. We need to take practical steps to fix it and I believe Medicare for all is the best way to get there. 
Gun owners ; non-gun owners agree we need to have universal background checks ; close loopholes that allow guns to get into the wrong hands. The NRA does not represent its membership—it represents corporate gun manufacturers ; needs to go. 
 2020 presidential candidates are fiercely taking on the NRA.Watch this emotional speech from Sen. “We a…
I’m so excited to share this with you all—Saturday, April 13, we’re holding the first big event of the campaign in my hometown of Newark, NJ, to launch our Justice for All Tour. RSVP to join us!  
Our country is stronger when our workers can easily organize and join unions. I stand behind and all workers fighting for fair wages and benefits. 
 In a CNN town hall, Sen. Cory Booker criticized Trump's policies and personal attacks, pledging to lead with love, kindness and a…
We can unite to solve persistent injustices in our country—that's how Democrats are going to win this election. 
 2020 presidential hopeful was in Orangeburg last night, fielding questions from South Carolina voters.Her…
 Booker in Orangeburg: Presidential candidate pledges to show ‘the best of what we are’ 
1) Almost 70% of NRA members support background checks.2) Massive gaps nullify those laws: 3) Why does the NRA only want to support 2A rights when convenient?This kind of response only further proves my point—the NRA needs to go. 

Sgt. Joseph Spann wanted to know how I’d fix the VA’s health system -- we call ourselves the home of the brave, but when our brave come home, they have to get access to the best benefits we have to offer. 
Regine asked about disproportionate policing of people of color and my position on how we respond to marijuana-related sentences. This couldn’t be more important. Any time we discuss legalization, we have to discuss expungement. 
DREAMers should be  So I was grateful for Alejandra’s question about how I’ll make sure that happens. 
 Deon, wanted to know my plan to protect our HBCUs. This was a question I was really excited to answer—my mom ; dad are both HBCU grads  and 
Rachel, a stay-at-home mom, shared an emotional question about my plan to keep kids safe from gun violence. 
Fired up after last night’s  Wanted to share a few of my favorite moments. We started with a question on everyone's minds -- Tawanya asked, how can we beat Donald Trump? 
 pledges tonight to fight for special education funding. That would help a lot of kids and give real property ta…
 Wow way to have a town hall! Nice to hear lots of specific policy ideas too. The Democrats have some very i…
 Very impressed by at the    Showcased  visionary ideals but also followed it up with substantive…
Thanks so much, Willy! For everyone else, it's that easy ↓   
 have always been impressed with Cory Booker. From mayor to senator. But he hit on all levels for 
Thanks, Julia! Here's a link to chip in:   
 Senator has me excited again! Awesome Job, Sir! 
 The  was fantastic. Great questions from the audience, great answers from the candidate. Well done — and…
 Ellie has been a student leader for gun reform, and she’s here watching town hall. She loved his response abou…
 Senator Booker is a proven leader. He is passionate about serving others and will defend Democratic principl…
 Thank you Sen. for showing unequivocal support for Dreamers and for reminding everyone that we are ; will…
Already a member of our team? Chip in now to help spread the message that we have more in common than what divides us:  
Join us:   
"We say we are the home of the brave. But when our brave come home, they don’t get housing. They don’t get health care.” —Cory on veterans 
HBCUs are not just for African Americans. HBCUs make America stronger. 
“Before you tell me about your religion, show it to me in how you treat other people.” —Cory 
 A couple dozen Cory Booker fans, including several of his Iowa relatives, gather at Johnston house party to watch his CNN tow…
 calls out Trump attacks on civil rights protections for LBGTQ students. He will take on fight for equality…
We have to support public school teachers by forgiving their debts and increasing their salaries. 
"If I am president of the United States, I will reverse decisions Donald Trump has made STAING with allowing transgender patriots to serve in the military." 
“I’m proud to be a co-sponsor of the Equality Act. I don’t need to wait to be president to fight for the rights of my brothers and sisters.” —Cory on LGBTQ equality
 It's very encouraging to hear talk about the specific, practical steps necessary to create "opportunity zones" fo…
FACT: More Americans have been killed by guns than have lost their lives in all of our nation’s wars combined.Enough thoughts and prayers. We need action.  
We deserve to see the conclusions of the Mueller investigation—not a Trump appointee's CliffsNotes.  The Starr Report was in newspapers the very next day. 
 real excited about Cory's plan for healthcare: 💊 drive down costs of prescription drugs 💰 penalize pharma companies for…
We already know the DNC will decide who belongs in the debates based on how many individual donors each campaign has. If you think my voice deserves to be on that stage, chip in to my campaign today. 
In 2015, the median 18–25 y/o white person had a net worth of $46,000.The net worth of a median 18–25 y/o black person was only $2900.Baby Bonds would significantly reduce the racial wealth gap. Here’s how:  
That's why I introduced the Marijuana Justice Act—a critical first step to address this injustice. Join me:  
There are people who can’t get jobs, can’t provide for their families, because they have criminal records for using marijuana—something that two of the last three presidents did. That’s wrong and it needs to stop. 
If you’re ready for big, bold ideas and an unwaveringly optimistic vision, add your name to say you want to see me on stage for the Democratic debates. 
Donald Trump wants us to fight him on his terms. That’s a recipe for losing the ability to move this country forward. Americans don’t want to know what we’re against—they want to know what we’re for. 
I'm running for president to restore people's faith that together, we can build a more fair and just nation. The CNN  is about to begin—tune in now to learn more:  
Tune in! 
  screening before   
 Pretty excited for Town Hall on tonite!  
 Who would have thought someone who went to the same high school as some of my friends would have a presidential town hall?!…
 Winnie wants you to catch  on CNN 10 pm Eastern, 7 pm for PDXers. Senator Booker said he’ll put a puppy in the W…
They didn't have Saquon on the wall, but I still stayed.  
Tune in! 
Make sure you’re getting texts from our campaign during tonight’s CNN town hall → Text WATCH to 40203 
We can be a country where every child has quality health care, great public schools, and where good day’s work will get good pay and benefits. 
Absolutely outrageous. 
Domestic violence in this country is at epidemic levels, but there are things we can do that can save lives—things like passing universal background checks, something an overwhelming majority of American gun owners agree we should do. 
I’m excited for Tina to bring her strong leadership to South Carolina’s Senate District 6—please get out and vote today! Find your polling location here:   
Can’t wait! Looking forward to the opportunity to address Class of 2019! 
It's not enough to legalize marijuana—we should also:✅ use tax revenue to reinvest in communities hurt by the failed War on Drugs✅ penalize states that don't change their marijuana laws ; continue to disproportionately arrest people of color 
Patriotism is love of country—and you can't love your country without loving your fellow country men and women. 
Today, white young people have 16 times the wealth of black young people. I joined to discuss my baby bonds legislation, which would virtually close the racial wealth gap. 
So excited and honored to address the class of 2019! 
Hope you’ll tune in! 
Our failed drug policies don't reflect our values. We're the leading the world in mass incarceration—we should be leading it in restorative justice. 
First two Parkland students and now this. Gun violence is an epidemic in this country—we have a responsibility to take this seriously and pass legislation that will curb the violence and take care of survivors and their families. 
Tonight at 9/8c, I'm appearing on  a BET town hall. Tune in to learn more about the hard work we have to do to fix our broken criminal justice system. 
The American public deserves the full report and findings from the Mueller investigation immediately—not just the in-house summary from a Trump Administration official. 
Trump’s tax cuts are making the rich even richer at the expense of the middle class. We need to roll them back and restore a full deduction for state and local income, sales and property taxes. 
 Mike, thank you so much for your support. We're lucky to have strong labor activists like you on this team!
On the anniversary of the  I’m thinking of the student activists leading the fight to stop gun violence in our country. Let’s pass universal background checks. Let’s pass an assault weapons ban. We need our lawmakers to have the same courage as our young people.
We need to create a fair tax code that works for ALL Americans, end our student loan debt crisis, raise the minimum wage to a living wage—we have so much work to do. Thank you to everyone who joined me today in Columbia, South Carolina to talk about how we can build this future. 
Completely unacceptable. "This year, a study in the medical journal Pediatrics said incidents involving guns are estimated to be the third-leading cause of injury-related death among American children 17 and under." 
So great being in Rock Hill, SC today—gratitude to everyone who came out to listen to my vision for our country. I enjoyed answering your questions on everything from what more we can do for our veterans, to how we can pass federal LGBT equality legislation, gun safety ; more. 
We can’t talk about legalizing marijuana unless we also talk about expunging the records of the millions of people who are unable to get a job—or any of the thousands of other collateral consequences—that come with having a marijuana conviction. 
Beautiful day in South Carolina! Thank you so much to everyone who came out and met with me in Rock Hill earlier today—I enjoyed answering your questions on everything from criminal justice reform to veterans' issues to affordable health care. 
So awesome meeting with folks at Kut Kreator in Rock Hill, South Carolina earlier today—grateful for the warm welcome! 
9 years ago today President Obama extended coverage to millions of uninsured Americans and ended the days when you could be denied coverage due to a pre-existing condition by signing the ACA. We need to continue the hard work of driving down health care costs. 
The Trump Administration shouldn’t get to lock up Robert Mueller’s report and throw away the key. Taxpayers funded this investigation, and we deserve to know the outcome. Let me know if you agree: 
This report should be made public immediately. 
The water crisis in our own backyards—from rural South Carolina to Newark—is damaging our communities ; hurting our kids. There are some clear-as-day investments we need to make to protect our communities and environment.  
Embracing authoritarian dictators, one tweet at a time—America deserves so much better than this. 
When racism exists, it's not enough to say, "I'm not a racist"—we must be anti-racist. 
Thank you, for your leadership in South Carolina and for having faith in me. Your activism on so many issues—education, investment in rural communities—inspires. We’re lucky to have you on the team! 
Today there are more Black men in our criminal justice system than were enslaved in 1850.If you care about fixing our broken criminal justice system—and you should—tune in to  hosted by Sunday 9/8c. 
My granddad was one of the first black members of the Ford UAW. His union was an advocate for him—eventually enabling him to send my mom to college. I know what a strong labor movement can do for American families, and I know we need to do a better job making the case. 
 So great chatting with you, Davis! Looking forward to visiting on an upcoming trip!
Wishing everyone who celebrates a wonderful and joyous Holi. What an awesome reminder of the victory of light over darkness and good over evil. 
Absolutely devastating—we need Medicare for all. 
My heart is with the thousands displaced ; over 200 killed in southeastern Africa as a result of Cyclone Idai—possibly the worst disaster ever to hit the southern hemisphere. Please do what you can to help victims: 
What we say about other people often says more about us than who we're talking about. I believe you judge a leader not by how they push people down but how they help them up—and President Trump has a lot to learn. 
 It took some nudging, but made a big statement about his future VP. 
 That's a good looking t-shirt! Thanks for your support!
 So good to hear. Thanks for coming out!
The historic flooding in the Midwest is heartbreaking—homes destroyed, entire farms wiped out—and further proof that we need to fix our nation’s infrastructure ; address climate change. Praying for all who are affected. 
 100% - we won’t give up the fight until expanded background checks becomes law. Grateful to my friend for introducing this.
 Alexis, please tell your Grammie that I’m honored to have her support! Happy to send her something from my campaign if you want to DM me a mailing address.
South Carolina! This weekend I’m excited to be back in the Palmetto State. Please come on out and join me on Saturday:Rock Hill, SC → Columbia, SC → 
 New 2020 candidate interview! joins to discuss what he learned about politics as Mayor of Newark,…
I’ll be on today, sharing why I’m running for president and a little bit about the people who made me who I am today. Find your local listing and tune in!  
Last weekend I was in Iowa, and let me tell you: We have to stop big corporations from killing family farms. 
Congrats, on your big win tonight! 
 Booker booked.Full interview with out tomorrow. 
The vast majority of gun owners in America believe in and support common-sense gun safety measures like universal background checks. The problem is we have members of Congress who seem more concerned about the NRA than what will actually make us safer. 
It's Election Day, Black Hawk County! is a fighter for his community—for public education, affordable health care, and the values that make our country great. Polls close at 9 p.m. Confirm your polling location and go vote:  
Critical military construction projects like those at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard could lose funding to pay for Trump's border wall. Congress voted to revoke this emergency declaration—we should not put our national security at risk for a wall we don't need. 
I've reached out to David—this type of fear-mongering from President Trump is just a weak attempt to distract from his disastrous tax cuts. 
So so grateful and honored to have you on the team! 
It’s not enough to simply decriminalize marijuana—we must repair the damage done to those communities that have been most harmed by the failed War on Drugs, and we must expunge the records of those who have served their time. 
Trump’s ban on transgender Americans serving in the military is insulting and deeply un-American. The next president should immediately end this ridiculous policy—if elected, I plan to do so. 
I love that our town halls aren't just opportunities for me to meet voters - they're opportunities for people to meet one another, to share ideas, to form community. Thank you, Davenport! 
For folks who live in Iowa Senate District 30, THIS TUESDAY is Election Day. I'm pumped to be helping get out the vote for today. You can help, too — sign up to volunteer!  
What’s one of the best ways we can lift more Americans out of poverty, whether they live in Newark or in rural Iowa? Expanding access to the earned income tax credit. Great discussion today with and on this important topic. 
Thanks so much for coming out! 
If you're struggling to make ends meet—Worrying about your kids having access to clean water and air—If your health care bills are causing more pain than comfort—you aren’t alone. We need to channel our common pain into a common purpose. 
I don't care if you're a first-generation American or if your roots here go back centuries. We are one nation under God, and if I have my way, I'm going to make us a lot more indivisible. 
We must have a beloved community—where health care is a right ; child poverty is a wrong. Where we say proudly ; boldly that everyone who works a full time job can have a living wage. Thank you New Hampshire for welcoming me into your homes to listen to my vision for our nation. 
Congratulations, Dylan! I am so happy for you. Your story gave me hope today. 
Grateful for the incredible community of folks who took the time to meet with me this morning in Lebanon, New Hampshire. 
 Senator Cory Booker doing it the NH way  - retail politics at the Backroom in  You can tell how much he enjoys pe…
 Wouldn’t have it any other way! Thanks for the kind words and great conversation, Kathy. Hope to be back soon in case I missed anyone!
 - thank you for being such a great host. New Hampshire 5 is lucky to have you! 
I’m sickened by the news coming out of New Zealand—the horrific terrorist attack targeting Muslims at prayer that killed at least 49 people. The rising tide of white supremacy and Islamophobia around the globe must be met with our determination to work against hate.
Black history is American history. Too often we treat it like a footnote. Glad to see the Evers' home—and their legacy—being recognized. 
When we join together and work together, we will rise together.  
New Hampshire! Looking forward to meeting with folks in Claremont tomorrow—hope to see you there! Please RSVP here: 
 I’d never run away from a tough problem.
Looking forward to it! 
Constantly inspired by the resolve of the families of Sandy Hook victims and grateful for their leadership in holding the NRA and gun industry accountable. We need to fight the problem of gun violence from all angles—in Congress, at the ballot box, and in court. 
 It’s so much more expensive to let people be poor than to ensure that they have health care and housing. tel…
Excited to be heading back to the Granite State! Tomorrow we’re kicking off the day at to meet with folks, answer questions and share my vision for building a more fair, just country. Please RSVP here: 
Today’s historic vote should make it clear to the Administration that US involvement in the horrific Yemen war must end. Congress must reassert its constitutional role ; end US support for the Saudi-led coalition’s war which has caused the worst humanitarian crisis on the planet.
Our country celebrates the ideals of equality but not every American enjoys them. We don't have equal rights when an LGBTQ American can be denied justice at work, home or elsewhere because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. I'm proud to support the 
 The war on drugs has in reality been a war on people. We must always recognize human dignity and potential, and help each other.
Let me repeat: This is further proof that our criminal justice system is broken. There are thousands of people—mostly people of color and low-income Americans—with much longer sentences for minor drug offenses. We've got to do better. 
And there are countless more burdened by intergenerational poverty for whom college was never an option. This problem extends beyond celebrity—we need to address the wealth gap and the injustices it creates. 
Inspired! I applaud decision to impose a moratorium on this immoral and ineffective policy. Because of his leadership and the activism of people across the country, 737 human beings will not be put to death in the name of the people. 
 Yes! is such a powerful and important documentary.
If you want more kindness in the world: be more kind. If you want more love in the world: be more loving. If you want more hope in the world: be an agent of hope in another’s life. One small ray of light can lead the world out of darkness. 
The vast majority of Americans agree that we need critical common-sense gun safety measures like an assault weapons ban and universal background checks. We need to elect more people to office who represent the will of the American people, not the NRA.
As president I will continue to fight to legalize marijuana, but we should go further—we need to expunge records and reinvest in communities most hurt by the failed drug war. Let's focus on restorative justice, not just ending the prohibition on marijuana. 
The US spends more on health care per person than any other country in the world yet we report worse health outcomes than our peer nations. Medicare for All is the best way to ensure that every American has access to quality, affordable health care.
Any budget that guts crucial funding for Medicaid expansion is inherently immoral. 
Yes, and...? 
Our broken criminal justice system is a cancer on the soul of our nation that preys upon our most marginalized populations. 
Our country’s broken drug laws don’t make us safer—instead they take away already limited resources from fighting violent crime, break up families, disproportionately hurt low-income communities and communities of color, and waste billions of taxpayer dollars every year.
We need to reignite an empathy for each other and a sense of common purpose to deal with injustice and the unfinished business of our democracy. That’s the America my campaign is striving for. Join us:  
We have a real affordable housing crisis in America. I've introduced federal legislation to address a key missing piece of the Fair Housing Act to help promote more inclusive zoning policies in order to make housing more affordable ; less segregated. 
 Cory Booker: It’s time for the next step in criminal justice reform 
Inspiring words from  Never forget that often the biggest thing you can do in any day is a small act of kindness, decency or love. 
Many states that have already legalized marijuana haven’t done the necessary step of expunging records of past marijuana use and possession. Any federal legalization should also include expungement provisions.
Since 1980, our federal prison population has grown by 800% largely due to excessive sentences for nonviolent drug crimes and driven by policies that disproportionately impact people of color and poor people. We must end mass incarceration. 
 "I had a great relationship with my soldiers, my peers ; my seniors ; after coming out none of that changed because what they valu…
Transgender servicemembers are heroes, just like all other servicemembers risking their lives for our country. President Trump's effort to ban them doesn't just fly in the face of our collective values—it's a national security threat.  
We overwhelmingly incarcerate the most vulnerable in our country—the mentally ill, the addicted, and the poor—and Manafort’s slap-on-the-wrist sentence this week is yet another example of the work we have to do to make our criminal justice system fair and just for all Americans. 
Last night on the I talked about how we need a revival of civic grace in our country—that what’s happening in our politics right now is undermining our ability to get big things done. 
Tune in now! 
It’s not enough to legalize marijuana—we must also reinvest in areas that have been most harmed by the failed drug war which have been disproportionately communities of color and low-income.
“I am not free while any woman is unfree, even when her shackles are very different from my own.” —Audre LordeReflecting on  and recommitting myself to fighting for a world in which every woman and girl knows their power and is able to rise.
Tune in tonight!  
  is one of the brightest stars ⭐️ in the Democratic Party!  He can teach a on how to build an effe…
Brady, thank you so much for your kind words. Your leadership in Charleston County has inspired progressive action across South Carolina, and it’s an honor to have your support. 
 Senator stops by  tomorrow night, but we've got an early look at his reaction to the  senten…
The federal government should do the right thing and help to not only end the prohibition of marijuana but also expunge the records of people convicted of marijuana use and possession. 
Today I’m excited to introduce the  the most ambitious criminal justice reform bill in decades. Learn more: 
We don’t honor our history by talking about it, we honor it by fighting for the country we want to build—through activism, through speaking out, through exercising our power at the ballot box. That's how we should commemorate the 54th anniversary of  
Thank you, for everything you’ve done to bring attention to the dignity of work and your unyielding fight for workers’ rights. Ohioans and Americans across this country are lucky to have you fighting for us. 
Our broken health care system costs too much, is unsustainable, inefficient, unequal and unjust. No one living in the richest country in the world should die or go bankrupt because they can’t afford quality care. We need Medicare for all.
 Cory Booker is reintroducing one of the most impactful pieces of weed legislation ever 
We live in a nation where we share more common values than we care to admit. Last year we were able to pass historic bipartisan criminal justice reform by finding common ground and getting it done. 
It’s not enough to legalize marijuana at the federal level—we should also help those who have suffered due to its prohibition. 
 is a close friend and bold progressive leader who we’re fortunate to have in the Senate. Grateful for his leadership on so many issues from climate change to immigration, and fighting for working families in Oregon and across our country. 
Moms who want to keep their kids safe from gun violence don’t deserve this. 
“You might encounter many defeats but you must never be defeated, ever.”Love this powerful interview with the legendary Maya Angelou.  
The US has the highest maternal mortality rate in the developed world ; Black women are nearly 4 times more likely than white women to die as a result of childbirth. We must address this growing public health crisis ; racial bias in our health care system. 
Love this. Thank you — you inspire! 
After yesterday’s devastating and deadly storms in Alabama, we need to take care of one another. Please consider making a donation to tornado victims in Alabama: 
We are here because of the stubborn, defiant love and sacrifice of those who came before us. The only way we can truly honor the hard work already done is by recommitting ourselves to the moral cause of creating a more just and fair America for all.  
 Selma is sacred ground in the struggle for voting rights. It’s our time to stand ; fight for the heart of our democracy. h…
It’s time that we dare to dream again in America—a country where every child has clean water and air, great public schools with teachers who are well-paid, health care is a right, poverty is a wrong, and where our children are safe from gun violence. It's up to us to do the work. 
Every generation must answer the call.  
Holding Lee County, Alabama, in my heart tonight as the devastation from today’s tornadoes unfolds. 
 “I would not be here if it wasn’t for marchers on a bridge who inspired a man in New Jersey.” pays homage t…
  ;  in Selma to commemorate Bloody Sunday ; the Voting Rights Act. The hard work to protect our…
Will you watch along? 
The spirit of this man, who was beaten and bloodied 54 years ago on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama, inspires me every day. 
 of Newark, New Jersey’s West Side High School is truly a hero for our kids. I’m glad welcomed him on her show to recognize and honor his work as one of our country’s amazing teachers. 
Not just Flint, 1000+ communities have kids with even 2X blood lead levels than Flint. I wrote far reaching environmental justice leg as a Sen.  If POTUS, I'll drive massive investments in water infrastructure ; have stricter accountability for those responsible for injustice. 
My favorite part of campaigning is listening to and answering your questions. Can't join me on the trail? Please share with me the most pressing challenges in your community:  
Tomorrow is the commemoration of Bloody Sunday, and I'm reminded of the words my dad would tell: "Never forget where you came from or how many people had to sacrifice to get you where you are." We all stand on the shoulders of those who marched across the Edmund Pettus Bridge. 
I believe that the power of the people is greater than the people in power. 
 There are few things as powerful as a group of women committed to fighting for their community. knows that, and…
I’ve seen firsthand how our failed drug laws can fracture communities, destroy families, and make us all less safe—that’s why I wrote legislation in 2017 that will start reversing decades of failed federal drug policy.Today, I reintroduced my bill—the  Act. 
To learn more about the Marijuana Justice Act, please text “JUSTICE” to 40203
Let’s legalize marijuana at the federal level, push states to do the same, AND help those who have suffered due to its prohibition.
Excited to announce that my Marijuana Justice Act now has strong support in the Senate ; House—but we need to build support to make it law. I hope everyone who's in favor of legalization will speak up ; become an advocate for a more restorative justice. 
Finally, my bill includes community reinvestment provisions like job training for areas hardest hit by the failed drug war—to make them more economically vibrant, fair and just. Let’s make marijuana legal but also invest in undoing the damage done by a war gone horribly wrong.
A marijuana conviction is often a life sentence—people can’t get jobs or many business licenses, and they can’t get food assistance like SNAP or public housing if it's a felony. The found over 45,000 collateral consequences facing formerly incarcerated people.
And it’s not enough to just legalize marijuana, we should help those with records for use and possession convictions, and allow people currently in prison for marijuana-related crimes to petition for resentencing, which is why my legislation includes expungement provisions.
Black people are 3.7 times more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than their white peers even though they use marijuana at similar rates. If we truly want to be a fair and just nation we need to correct for this disparate treatment of enforcement practices.
The Marijuana Justice Act doesn’t just end the federal prohibition on marijuana—it also incentivizes states to change their marijuana laws if those laws are being enforced in a way that disproportionately impacts people of color and the poor.
The failed War on Drugs has really been a war on people—disproportionately criminalizing poor people, people of color ; people with mental illness. I’m reintroducing the  Act to begin reversing our failed federal drug policies. Join us: 
Today we saw a big victory in the House but we must keep pushing for commonsense gun safety legislation like universal background checks. 
Excited to be back in South Carolina this week! Folks in Charleston and Simpsonville—I hope you’ll join us. Please RSVP here: 
When our veterans return home, we have an obligation to provide them the resources they have earned and deserve. My VET Extension Act takes an important step in fulfilling that commitment by addressing critical gaps in current VA education benefits.
Looking forward to seeing everyone in South Carolina! 
 Who is excited to see back in Charleston?Come join the town hall this Saturday hosted by and
It's unacceptable that 1 in 5 Americans can’t afford their medication due to skyrocketing costs. We need a comprehensive approach to lowering drug prices that includes leveraging Medicare to negotiate lower drug prices and enforcing consequences for unjust price gouging. 
South Carolina! Heading your way on Saturday for an awesome event with and Please join us: 
Looking forward to being back in the Palmetto State this weekend!South Carolina—please join us on Friday for a conversation in Simpsonville. 
Sybrina, I'm holding you and your family in my prayers and am committed to honoring your son's life - and the lives of so many others we've lost - by continuing to fight alongside you against the racism and gun violence that is taking so many young lives. 
“A living wage is an antidepressant. It is a sleep aid. A diet. A stress reliever. It is a contraceptive, preventing teenage pregnancy. It prevents premature death. It shields children from neglect.”  is why we must  
Thank you for your support, From one former mayor to another, I'm so grateful to have you on our team. 
Relieved to hear Jorge Ramos and his team are safe. Detaining journalists for doing their jobs is undemocratic and unacceptable. 
Cool enough, debatable; talented enough, doubtful. 
The  is about economic justice and ensuring every working American has a job that pays a living wage. Proud that New Jersey is helping lead this effort becoming the 4th state to raise our minimum wage to $15 an hour earlier this month. 
Our health care system is clearly broken—Americans should not have to make the drastic choice between seeking medical care or considering whether that care will cost too much or result in personal bankruptcy. This is one of the many reasons why we should adopt Medicare for all.
I agree, Dan - the only way we’re going to stop this blatant voter suppression is by working together to fight it.Friends, chip in now to help Dan in his special election and make sure all voters’ voices are heard:  
 My dad always told me, “You got more degrees than the month of July, but you ain’t hot.” Can’t say he was wrong here.
Thank you so much to you and your family for joining us today! 
 Big, enthusiastic crowd in Vegas for — including Cory’s mom Carolyn who lives nearby 
 Crowd waiting for  at Nevada Partners in  Booker has lots of Vegas connections, his mom, Ms Carolyn live…
Bryan Stevenson, founder of is an extraordinary American and one of my personal heroes who has spent his career fighting for justice. Please watch and listen to his powerful words on our broken criminal justice system.  
This election we have a choice: to choose despair, or to choose hope. To choose division, or to choose to pull together to build a more just, fair and decent nation for all of us. I hope you'll join us.  
Nevadans! If you haven’t RSVPd to our meet ; greet tomorrow in North Las Vegas please sign up now. Looking forward to meeting with you all.  
I’ve always believed that words have power. This type of callous language is typical of the need commonsense gun safety legislation. 
It’s not enough to just legalize marijuana at the federal level—we should also expunge records of those who have served their time, and reinvest in communities hardest hit by the failed War on Drugs—which has really been a war on people.
We spend trillions of dollars to put the best fighting force on the field abroad, but when those men and women come home—often their bodies broken and with invisible scars—we suddenly don't have the resources or will to give them what they deserve. That’s wrong and must change. 
Today we remember and celebrate the renowned civil rights activist, author, co-founder of the and one of the most important voices of the 20th century, W.E.B. Du Bois, who was born on this day in 1868.  
The US is the only industrialized nation to not guarantee paid family leave. Only a handful of states including New Jersey have paid family leave laws—grateful to for continuing our state’s leadership on this issue. 
Our fight for a more just and fair America demands the courage to confront the most difficult moments in our history.  
Nevada! In just 2 days I will make my first trip to your state since I announced my run for president. Looking forward to seeing you all and my favorite longtime Nevada resident...my mom! Please join us.  
 Nice form! Always down to help dig someone out.
I've always known my Aunt Alma is a queen, but today she's also a centenarian -- help me wish her a happy birthday! 👑 
It's difficult to say how honored I am to be speaking at Brown Chapel in commemoration of Bloody Sunday. We're forever indebted to those who gathered in Selma to march on the frontlines for justice. 
Nevada! I could not be more excited to visit your state this Sunday for two key reasons... First and foremost, my mom lives there! Second, it’s my first trip to NV since I announced my run for president. Hope you’ll join us:  
 Happy birthday to one of the greatest living Americans and my personal hero  This pic was taken on Congressman…
Wishing a happy birthday to my personal hero ; living legend, Congressman John Lewis—one of the great heroic leaders of the Civil Rights Movement who embodies the value of love over hate. It’s an incredible honor to be able to serve with him in Congress.   
 I’m endorsing today because I agree with him that America faces a “moral moment.” We need a leader who can arti…
  will bring Americans together. He is what we need to move our country forward from the divisive policies of…
 Today I am proud to endorse for President. Cory has always embraced the toughest challenges America faces to…
Means a lot to have so much support from my home state!  
 represents the best of New Jersey and the best of America. I'm proud to stand with him and work together to put…
 I am honored to support my friend, and New Jersey’s own, for President. He has been a champion for working…
 I'm endorsing today because he's a tireless public servant – someone who has fought to strengthen middle-cla…
 Our country needs someone who can unite this nation, reject politics of hate, solve real challenges, and take us forward…
  has spent his entire career running toward big challenges others had given up on, and taking on the tough fi…
 Grateful for the dozens of NJ leaders who just endorsed my run for president. As longtime colleagues, friends, mentors ; he…
Grateful for the dozens of NJ leaders who just endorsed my run for president. As longtime colleagues, friends, mentors ; heroes, their faith in my leadership is something I don’t take lightly. I’m humbled by their kind words ; more motivated than ever. 
Inspired by all of the Granite Staters who took time out of their holiday weekend to pack into homes and standing-room only crowds to ask substantive questions about issues that affect us all -- from the opioid crisis to affordable health care and more. 
Paid family leave is an investment in the strength of our families. I’m proud to see New Jersey leading on this issue, and will continue to fight for federal legislation guaranteeing paid family leave for all American families. 
The water crisis in Flint is not an anomaly—there are hundreds of jurisdictions across our country where our kids have higher elevated blood lead levels. We need to make major infrastructure investments in our communities to ensure clean air and water. 
We must close the wealth gap that’s undermining equal opportunity in our country. My baby bonds bill will help level the playing field by creating a savings account for every US child—to invest in themselves through things like paying for higher education. 
During the greatest moments of our country’s history, people came together to solve what seemed like impossible problems. I’m building a campaign to take on our toughest challenges and build a more fair and just nation for everyone—I hope you’ll join me. 
My mother took care of my father when he was ill with Parkinson’s onset dementia. We have to do a better job of tackling the problems associated with neurological diseases—better research, better health care, better support for caregivers. 
Hope is the active conviction that despair will never have the last word, and this weekend, that’s what I felt—hope. 
TFW you get one more day in New Hampshire! 
Ready to find out who can beat my old high score on PacMan! 👻 
  speaking to his experience as a young elected leader in Newark. How what he was trying to do was “too bold” a…
 I'm working for because of his deep sense of morality, his commitment to community, and his ability to rock…
 And he’s not done yet. One more stop in Manchester tonight then on to Nashua in the morning! RSVP here! 
 Wonderful to see you both!
My team and I have been crisscrossing the Granite State, and we've had a great time doing it. The people of New Hampshire are hardworking, informed and take their  duty seriously. I look forward to spending more time here in the future! 
 Great to meet you too Nate -- thanks for joining us!
We have to call for a revival of ideals of grace and decency in this country. We have to manifest a greater sense of kindness toward one another. 
 So grateful to hear it! You can sign up at 
Thank you, The enthusiasm you bring to your work every day is an inspiration to me and my campaign. See you again next time! 
Concord, I want to sincerely thank you for your hospitality—a beautiful city filled with wonderful people. 
I believe there's nothing we can't do if we do it together. 
Thank you, thank you for coming. So great to be in the Granite State. Hope to see you in Dover soon. 
 A whole lot of folks on line in Portsmouth to see  first town hall in New Hampshire.  
With some awesome folks in Exeter this morning kicking off an exciting weekend around New Hampshire—my first trip to the state since I announced my run for president. Grateful for the warm welcome (and hot coffee!) 
My heart is with the loved ones of the victims of the horrific shooting in Aurora, Illinois that has left 5 people dead and more injured. But we know our thoughts and prayers are not enough. Congress must take action to prevent gun violence. 
Across this country people are surrendering to despair and cynicism about our ability to solve our problems. I’m running for president because I know when we unite around a common purpose we can change that. 
In South Carolina last weekend I was reminded that even in our darkest moments of despair, we can never give up hope. We can never give up faith. 
For over a century, Congress has failed 200 times to pass legislation recognizing lynching for what it is—a bias-motivated act of terror. Our bill, just unanimously passed in the Senate, would finally make lynching a federal crime. The House must now act. 
New Hampshire! Looking forward to spending a long weekend in your beautiful state—my first trip to the Granite State as a presidential candidate. Hope to see you there. 
In an atmosphere of cynicism often found in Washington, we’ve found ways to find common ground and get things done that make our country more fair and just—including signing into law our bipartisan criminal justice reform bill that’s already changing lives across this country. 
Trump’s inability to follow through on a campaign promise is not a national emergency. Let’s not forget those still struggling to rebuild their lives after this administration failed to respond effectively to real emergencies in places like Puerto Rico. 
The Senate just unanimously passed our bill to make lynching a federal crime. This bill acknowledges the wrongs in our history and honors the memories of those brutally killed. Making this law is the right thing to do—I hope the House will move quickly to pass.
One year ago, the  community lost 17 lives in a heinous act of gun violence.  1,200 kids in America have been killed by guns. It’s long past time we unite in common purpose and pass common sense gun safety legislation to prevent more tragedy.
We have a system of mass incarceration that feeds upon the poor, the mentally ill, the addicted, and disproportionately on communities of color. Mr. Barr has shown an unwillingness to call out this broken system. For this reason and more I cannot support his nomination. 
No corporations. No federal lobbyists. We're going to win this campaign -- together. Chip in today: 
No corporations. No federal lobbyists. We're going to win this campaign -- together.
 Booker: "There are people who are just frustrated, and when they look toward their politics, it is a politics of tear down…
 Looking forward to joining at 9pm ET tonight to discuss my presidential run and more. Hope you’ll tune in. 
Edward was one of the first people released after our First Step Act became law. Please listen to his story, and see his humanity and dignity. He’s now free but there are too many still incarcerated. The war on drugs is a war on people and it must end. 
Looking forward to joining at 9pm ET tonight to discuss my presidential run and more. Hope you’ll tune in. 
In the richest country in the world, the lack of  is a moral affront. We must pass legislation to guarantee paid family and medical leave for Americans. 
It’s not just about who’s our president—it’s about who we are. It’s time for us to pull together. It’s time for us to work together. And if we do these things, America will rise together. Join us:  
Thank you to Bishop Bailey and First Lady Bailey for welcoming another New Jersey boy into your South Carolina flock. 
I always say before you speak of your religion you should show it by how you treat other people. Had the privilege of worshipping this morning at Right Direction Ministries, a congregation that’s dedicated to serving the Columbia, SC community. 
They say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, my friend. 
Today, nearly 1 in 3 American families have zero to negative wealth, and the wealth gap is growing. My bill would create a savings account for every American child to invest in themselves through things like buying a home or paying for higher education. 
South Carolina — hope to see you at an event today or tomorrow during my first trip to your great state as a presidential candidate! 
As I leave Iowa tonight, my spirit is lifted. Thank you to the thousands of people—from Mason City to Des Moines—who took the time over the past several days to meet up and3 allow me to share why our campaign, our message, is different. Be back again soon! 
After a long day yesterday traveling around Iowa from Mason City to Waterloo to Cedar Rapids it was great to wind down the day in Iowa City at Micky’s! 
Had a powerful conversation this afternoon with inspirational local leaders in Waterloo about the concerns facing their community. I believe that in this country we can restore our sense of common purpose by focusing on our common pain—that’s at the core of my campaign ahead. 
Incredible day in Iowa (and still going!) I told my staff to buckle up—I’m going to be a candidate that goes to everybody I possibly can, to every community and every neighborhood. Honored to start this journey in Mason City. 
The multiple detailed allegations against the Lt. Gov. of Virginia are deeply troubling. They are serious, credible, and corroborated by others. It is no longer appropriate for him to serve. He should resign.
 I know the American Dream is possible because I’ve lived it. I want to help open doors of opportunity for all of our chi…
 What said! 
Today marks 51 years since one of the most violent moments in the civil rights movement in Orangeburg, SC where 3 students were killed and 28 people were injured protesting segregation. We honor the victims by continuing their fight for justice ; equality. 
The first question I was asked in Iowa was about  The hard truth is climate change has imperiled our planet—it’s going to take bold action now to save it including dramatic investment in green energy that will create the jobs of the future. We can do this. 
Grateful to kick off my first Iowa trip as a presidential candidate surrounded by 5 generations of family at my Aunt Alma's home. All that I am is because of the work, sacrifice and love of my ancestors. As I said last night, I'm going to run a campaign my family can be proud of. 
 Cory’s Aunt Alma, 99-year-old matriarch of his Iowa family, helped organize a family gathering for Cory’s first trip to th…
John Dingell will be remembered as a legendary public servant who served his constituents honorably for six decades. My heart is with the Dingell family during this difficult time. 
Mr. Barr's record on mass incarceration and admitted lack of knowledge on the role of implicit racial bias in our criminal justice system were key factors in my no vote today. 2/
Our next Attorney General must defend civil rights and our shared principles of equal protection. I am not persuaded Mr. Barr will meet this challenge. I pray I am wrong. 1/
Excited to join ; on a historic  resolution to address the peril of climate change and worsening inequality. Our history is a testimony to the achievement of what some think is impossible — we must take bold action now.
This inspires me more than you know.Benjamin, please thank your daughter. Let her know that I would so welcome her help and in fact she already has helped. Let me know how to get in touch with you Benjamin. Can you DM me your contact information? 
 “If the American Dream doesn’t work here, it doesn’t work anywhere.” 
To the thousands of people who helped kickstart my campaign this past weekend—thank you! My staff told me the humbling news that over 80% of people who chipped into our campaign so far have done so for the first time. Excited have you all on board. 
 Sen. Cory Booker (D-NJ): "Again, this is a president whose rhetoric is often vicious, cruel. Here he talked a lot about…
The $15 minimum wage bill signed by this week is big step forward for economic justice in our state. Glad NJ is leading by example—our  continues to ensure every working American has a job that pays a living wage. 
 We're ready to hear a more hopeful vision of the state of our union, from a leader who is fighting for our shared values. M…
It takes more than a nod to unity at the top of a speech to bring our country together. Our president has spent the last 2 years trying to drive us apart. Actions speak louder than words. 
 TONIGHT during  We’ll probably hear that everything’s been a wild success; I’ll be ready to talk about what’s really g…
Excited to hear my good friend deliver her history-making  response tonight — one that will share an inspiring and hopeful vision for our country, for all Americans. 
My guest for tonight’s State of the Union is Edward Douglas, one of the first people to benefit from our landmark criminal justice reform bill, the First Step Act, signed into law late last year. I’m honored to have him join me. Read more about his story: 
Our campaign team is growing fast! Excited to welcome two new members, Hercules and George. They were hired immediately.  Join our team:  
Our campaign is funded by grassroots donations from people like you. No corporate PACs. No federal lobbyists. Please pitch in now and be a part of this team from the beginning. 
My dad taught me never lose your laugh or take yourself too seriously. That joy isn't something that happens to you—it’s a choice you make. He died 6 days before I was elected to the Senate. Death can end a life but can't end a love. 
 When we join together and work together — we will rise. Join our campaign:  
Deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Babs Siperstein, a good friend, advocate for NJ’s LGBTQ community, trailblazer ; role model whose legacy will continue to change lives for years to come with the newly-enacted Babs Siperstein Law. My heart is with her loved ones.
 “He’s not in some ivory tower, making policy from on high,” says Integrity House's Robert Budsock. “He gets criminal justi…
Rosa Parks ignited a movement, inspired millions, and embodied the spirit that, no matter what, we can never give in, never give up, never surrender in our work for justice in this nation. Remembering her legacy today on what would have been her 106th birthday. 
When we join together and work together — we will rise. Join our campaign:  
 Congratulations to our brother, U.S. senator and former Cardinal tight end on launching his bid for presiden…
Throwback to when I played — and proof that I once had hair! After a long weekend, I’m looking forward to later today taking time to relax and watch football with some of my closest lifelong friends. 
Spoke with the Federal Bureau of Prisons earlier to make sure they know I'm closely monitoring this. Discussed timeline for restoring heat and access to lawyers. Was assured I’ll get updates on the status and better answers — will share more soon. 
The lines that divide us are nowhere near as strong as the ties that bind us. When we put aside our differences there’s nothing we can’t accomplish—that’s going to be a central theme of my campaign ; I hope you’ll sign up to be a part of it: 
 I’m running for president. Join me on this journey.  
I was honored to have my mom with me yesterday from the very moment I announced my run for president. This is a campaign that will live up to my mom’s words and make her proud. I hope you’ll join us on this journey:  
People at a federal prison in Brooklyn are enduring unbearable, freezing conditions after going without heat and power for days — this is outrageous and inhumane. We need answers. 
These images arouse centuries of anger, anguish, and racist violence and they’ve eroded all confidence in Gov. Northam’s ability to lead. We should expect more from our elected officials. He should resign.
Today on the anniversary of the Greensboro sit-in we remember the struggle and sacrifice of the Greensboro Four—what happens when a group of people come together to sit in, and to stand up, for each other and our country. We still have work to do.  
Lo que nos une es mucho más de lo que nos divide. Cuando nos unimos y trabajamos juntos - progresamos juntos.
My Aunt Alma is the incredible matriarch of our Iowa family - she means business! 
Huge smile! Kirsten, I am glad we are both in. As I told folks today on The View:  You are my sister. There may be some sibling rivalry but we will always be family. 
Deeply grateful for you and this tweet my brother. Your integrity, strong sense of justice, and righteous and relentless activism is light in our nation. 
I’m not in this race to tear people down. I’m in it to build people up and bring people together to make progressive change and build a country that's more fair and more just. 
I know that together, we can… we will, rise.I hope you’ll join me. 
Despite our divisions, the hatred of some, and the economic hardship of many, together we will ensure that our generation and generations to come will achieve things others say can’t be done.
When I went down to Washington, people told me it was a place where you couldn’t make change happen, but I’ve been able to pass laws that start to turn the tide against mass incarceration and spark historic investment in vulnerable communities.
When I moved to Newark to protect tenants from slumlords, people told us we couldn't win. Well, we beat them. When I was mayor, we showed the doubters that impossible things could still happen in our city.
I've spent my entire career running toward big challenges others had given up on, bringing people together to do things that we were told were impossible. That's what our country needs right now.
People feel left out. They worry that the lines that divide us right now are stronger than the ties that bind us. I’m running to change that.In America, we have a common pain, common challenges. But what we're lacking is a sense of common purpose.
The promise of our country, that this is a country that works for everyone, is hanging in the balance. When we should be coming together to take on our biggest challenges, there are forces at work trying to split us apart.
I want to take a couple minutes and share a few thoughts about why I’m running for president:
Thanks for the pic. I miss my dad. He died days before I was elected to The Senate. He had wise words that kept me grounded. When I graduated Law School: "Boy u got more degrees than the month of July but you ain't hot, life's about the service you give not the degrees you get." 
He told me when I was growing up that I was his "stunt double."Shout out to for not being the only presidential candidate that has a doppelgänger. 
So grateful for your kind feedback. Thank you. 
Michael this really moves me. Thank you for joining our team. We will work together to honor your Paw Paw and all of our ancestors who lived so that we could have a better, more just life. 
So grateful for my family in Iowa who gathered to watch me launch my campaign.My grandmother was born and raised in Des Moines and I owe that community and the church she grew up in so much.  
We’re building this campaign together the right way: I won't take a single dollar from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists.Our campaign will be funded by real people -- like YOU!Chip in now to join our team: 
My dad used to say to me: “Boy, don’t forget where you came from and the people who sacrificed to get you to where you are.” 
My soul belongs to God. I fear no man. And I believe that anyone's individual capacity to denigrate will never be as strong as our collective power to elevate. 
Thank you for this commitment. 
That is not the call. The call is to unite with people around our shared values and ideals. Too many of us focus on the hate of the some and not the limitless potential strength of the active many.I am more worried about the silent disengaged many than the hateful active few. 
Huge gratitude for your support. This means so much to me and my family. Onward! 
Last thing I will ever do is insult you. I sincerely wish you and your family the best. May both you and I get better at extending grace even when we disagree and at being tough without being mean. All the best. 
 'Hope is the active conviction that despair will never have the last word.' -- 🙌 💞 
Thank you so much! 
 California hook! Campaign manager for will be who ran campaign for governor. 
When we join together and work together, we rise together. Sign up today to join our team:  
 I’m so proud of Cory. Love him and this video. 2020 is already 🔥 y’all. 
 "Quiero hablar directamente con la gente" se lanza hacia la presidencia. 
 "Voy a trabajar duro con la comunidad latina", dice en español a Univision  ahora precandidato demócrata a la…
 As a new American citizen, i can finally vote and i am reallly happy to support an exciting democratic candidate, Cory B…
 Cory signs paperwork declaring his candidacy for president, his mom Carolyn by his side. 
 Cory Booker’s in the race. Seriously, watch this video. This is a story about our power to change things, together, and that…
 Congratulations to in his announcement for President! The diversity and sheer talent have in t…
I’m running for president. Join me on this journey.  
