Senator Carey Baker, Roland Martin ; USC fishing team on the trail. Reeling in the votes! 
NEW VIDEO: It's time we send a tested, proven conservative to turn around Washington.
Just one day until South Carolina votes! Join the team before the   
In order to keep America safe, we must have the best trained and most equipped military in the world.My plan: 
A strong military is essential to the security of our children’s future. 
My leadership will start holding the government and employees accountable — especially when it comes to providing care for our veterans.
We need a president with unimpeachable integrity. Over and out.
You are a hero. Thank you for joining me on the trail. 
As governor, I cut taxes every single year — returning $19 billion to Floridians.I'll do the same as president: 
Every day I wear an armband to honor Jane Horton's husband who died in Afghanistan. Proud to have her on the trail.
Tune in now!  
Thanks CNN for a great night at  Read more about my plan for a safer, stronger, freer America. 
Drug abuse is a serious problem in our country and we need a president who is committed to fighting this epidemic.
Happy early Anniversary,
 Continue to be impressed by ! Ready to be Commander in Chief day one! Love at first sight story …
We need to create a culture of savings rather than a culture of debt.  
Jeb will appoint a Supreme Court justice with a consistent and proven judicial record.  Jeb's plan → 
The nation doesn’t need more laws restricting the rights of gun owners. We must protect ; defend the 2nd Amendment. 
Thank you for coming, Miri! 
Taking a few minutes on the bus to discuss the  with 
To achieve economic growth, we have to change the way Washington works and who we send there to lead.
My plan for reform ; growth will unleash increased investment, higher wages and sustained 4% economic growth, all while reducing the deficit
2 more days, South Carolina. Join the team ; show you’re  
Because of leadership, strength and determination, 2 Florida schools divided by a river ; a rivalry reunited. WATCH:
Tomorrow’s South Carolina events will have a very special guest.RSVP now:  
As president, I’ll make sure the middle class receives a pay raise for the first time in 15 years. 
In 2004, FL faced 4 hurricanes in 6 weeks. As governor, I made sure Floridians knew they had someone to count on.
Today’s event sported a new backdrop. Thank you to all who joined me this morning in Florence! 
My plan to stop the NLRB so we can grow the economy, increase employment and raise middle class incomes → 
Appalling for to legitimize the Castro regime with a visit before freedom for Cuban people. WATCH:
For the first time in 8 years, my brother hit the campaign trail. Watch what he has to say about our next president:
Honored that these flag officers and 42 generals ; admirals believe I’m most prepared to be Commander-in-Chief.
ICYMI: 5 qualities we need in our next president from the man who knows best →  
Thank you to all who joined me in Summerville this afternoon! 
I’ve laid out a plan to create 4% economic growth ; 19 million new jobs.I can do it, because I did it in Florida: 
3 days until the  primary. Join Team Jeb today:  
It's time to put workers' interests ahead of special interests.My plan to empower workers, not union bosses → 
Iran is projecting power into Iraq ; Syria. A victory for Assad is a victory for Iran. Some candidates don’t get it: 
Honored to have the support of Green Beret Michael Waltz. Watch him expose Trump as unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.
South Carolina: This week I’ll be hosting events statewide. RSVP to one near you: 
NEW VIDEO: Monday proved once again, South Carolina is Bush Country.
A winning strategy to defeat ISIS depends on the strength of our military ; preparedness of the Commander-in-Chief.
I’m ready to make the decisions necessary to keep us safe and move our nation into the future. 
As Commander-in-Chief, I'll be determined to deal with threats before they become catastrophes.My plan → 
Leading through crisis requires rolling up your sleeves and being there for people when it matters most.
With Pay for Success Governor shows why innovation comes from the states: 
America. 
Resolve, strength, humility, heart and faith. Read the 5 biggest takeaways from my brother’s speech yesterday: 
Leadership requires strength and clarity of purpose and I will meet this duty with confidence, faith and resolve. 
Over 40 admirals ; generals and 12 Medal of Honor recipients have endorsed me for Commander-in-Chief.Read why: 
During Saturday’s debate I closed my eyes and thought Michael Moore took over for on stage. WATCH:
“Jeb will be a strong and steady hand when confronted with the unexpected.”- George W. BushFull speech here → 
If you want a Commander-in-Chief with the backbone needed to make tough decisions, then I’m asking for your vote. 
Leesville: Join me today for another town hall! RSVP here: 
 you stole my joke !
Welcome to the team, Ross! 
My brother and I join on tonight at 10 PM ET. Hope you’ll tune in!
What an event. I hope you’ll stand with me this Saturday for the  primary. Join the team today. 
Ready to take the stage.Watch live here: 
Less than 10 minutes until my brother and I take the stage in Charleston! 
 Great honor to have former President George W. Bush and First Lady Laura Bush in SC today.  
Our South Carolina team is making some last minute calls before tonight’s rally.RSVP now:  
43 has arrived.Follow along here →  
 is trafficking 9/11 conspiracy theories. I’m offering detailed plans to defeat ISIS. We need a serious Commander-in-Chief.
Thank you for your service, Luke. I hope you can join us tonight:  
Add me on Snapchat for a behind-the-scenes look at tonight’s Charleston rally with George → 
Today we honor the leaders who protected, defended and led our great country. 
We must take care of the heroes who protected us. As president, I will respect our military ; honor their families.
My brother and I hope to see you at tonight’s Charleston rally. RSVP now! 
We must honor and carry on Justice Scalia’s legacy as a foe of judicial imperialism. 
As president, I will defend and protect the Second Amendment: 
5 days until the South Carolina primary. Stand with Jeb and join the team today. 
During last night’s  I called out He is not a true conservative. WATCH:
As president, I'll work with Senator ; Senate majority to realign federal courts with the Constitution: 
ICYMI: I’m the only one who took on ; exposed the flaws in his candidacy. He is not a conservative.
Unlike I fought against Obamacare expansion every step of the way. The next president must do the same.
RSVP now for tomorrow’s Charleston rally. We hope to see you there! 
Great night at the  I took on to show he is unfit to serve as Commander-in-Chief. WATCH:
We must replace Justice Scalia with a constitutionalist. The Senate should block inevitably liberal nominee
Join Michelle ; the rest of our team →  
Happy Valentine’s Day to the love of my life, 
Jeb won last night’s  Let's keep the momentum going — Chip in $1 today. 
My plan to destroy ISIS, restore the US military ; reverse damaging policies:  
NEW VIDEO: Once again, I was the only candidate on the  stage to take on
Happy Valentine's Day, Columba! 
 is no Ronald Reagan - not even close.  
We need someone with a servant's heart, that has a backbone — that isn't going to focus on polls but the American people to keep us safe.
I will unite this country around common purpose because I did it as governor of Florida. 
Jeb’s the only one on stage taking on Trump, but he needs your help. Have his back by chipping in just $1 now: 
All you do is win Really?  
We need a president with a proven record, not someone who went bankrupt like 
We need a proven leader with a record of solving problems -- someone who doesn't cut ; run. 
While was building a reality TV show, my brother was keeping us safe. 
Ronald Reagan didn't tear people down like He tore down the Berlin Wall. 
Taking an elderly woman's home to build a parking lot for a failed casino isn't the proper use of eminent domain 
Chip in $1 right now ; stand with Jeb, the only candidate taking on Trump ; defending our Party tonight.  
You know what's weak Disparaging women, hispanics ; American heroes like John McCain. 
We need a president who will stand up to Putin, not coddle him 
We should be fighting Obamacare ; repealing ; replacing it - not expanding it  
When you match Jeb’s record with there’s simply no comparison. 
I'm sick and tired of Trump attacking my family. This isn't about my family or his family. It's about your family. 
Guess doesn't want an invite. But thought you all might:  
While was building a reality TV show, my brother was building a security apparatus to keep us safe. 
 buddy Putin is not an ally of the United States. Plain and simple. 
It is ludicrous to suggest that Russia is a partner in defeating ISIS. It is time for American leadership. 
We need to fight, fight, fight for conservative judges. I will.  
Team Jeb taking over. Follow along with us during the  here → 
Before tonight’s  chip in $1 to show you’re on Team Jeb. 
In the last  we saw the difference between the talkers ; leaders. We need a proven, conservative reformer.
At Mass, Columba ; I prayed for Justice Scalia, who was devout infaith and has been brought home to God in heaven. 
I will provide serious, steady leadership and real results. Read my plan for a safer, stronger, freer America. 
Other candidates talk about defunding Planned Parenthood, but I’m the only one who's actually done it. WATCH:
Our grandkids make an appearance in today’s Snapchat story. Check it out here →  
Happy birthday, Thank you for your service to our great country. You are an American hero.
Honored to have the endorsements of both and 
Today in South Carolina I was asked my view on defending the 2nd Amendment:“I’m all in, brother."
NEW VIDEO: Who has the most conservative record on tonight’s  stage? Watch and see for yourself.
With sustained economic growth we can create an America where there is opportunity for all
Got a letter in the mail from our future president, Maggie. Hope I can count on your mom’s vote! 
2% economic growth means declining incomes ; fewer opportunities for future generations.My plan for 4% growth → 
Hey — The people of South Carolina are sick and tired of people tearing down George W. Bush.
Today we honor one of our greatest presidents. An incredible man who dedicated his life to ensuring freedom for all 
Tomorrow we’ll be hosting an event in Fountain Inn — hope to see you there! 
My health care plan will move us from a system stuck in 1965 to one that empowers people and embraces innovation 
We need a president with a servant’s heart — someone who can fix the VA ; protect and defend our veterans.
Hope you can join us, Megan!  
As governor, I earned an A+ rating from the NRA. I’ll continue to protect ; defend our 2nd Amendment rights. 
What a way to end my birthday! Great town hall at the University of South Carolina. 
Honored that these American heroes ; Medal of Honor recipients endorse me for Commander-in-Chief
 Happy Birthday to our next President of the United States, 
In order to achieve economic growth, we have to change how Washington works ; who we send there to lead. 
Honored to have my brother joining me on the trail this week. Join us Monday in Charleston. 
 Happy Birthday! Time to rock S.C.! 
The US is less safe from weak, leading-from-behind foreign policy. I believe in peace through strength. 
Proud to have the strongest national organization and the support of these state leaders: 
Thank you, Lynn! 
It’s Jeb’s birthday today ; we couldn’t resist sneaking the stache into his card. Wish him a happy bday! -Team Jeb 
We must transform our education system so all children are prepared to succeed: 
My policies will unleash higher wages and sustained 4% economic growth — all while reducing the deficit. 
Economy under low growth, crony capitalism ; easy debt My plan for economic growth: lower taxes, close loopholes ; reform tax code
Proud to have these South Carolina volunteers on the team. Working hard last night making calls 
Standing room only in Mount Pleasant. Thank you, all! 
With the strongest ground game in the state — we’re ready, South Carolina. Join the team today. 
As president, I won't cut ; run when the going gets tough. I'll stand by my word — that's leadership.
By shifting power to the states we would put money back into Americans’ pockets. My plan to restore states' rights → 
When it comes to experience, accomplishments and temperament, I’m the candidate most fit to command and lead.
 Experience matters. That's why I'm supporting for president 
South Carolina is Jeb Country 
 “solutions” need to be challenged and so far I’m the only candidate who has. WATCH:
Excited to be in South Carolina. Join me at one of our events this week → 
My last visit to the Palmetto State was a good one. Check out highlights from the debate. WATCH:
Thank you for your help, Bruce! Lucky to have you ; your boys on the team. 
I’m proud we made a difference in Florida. We are on the verge of the greatest time to be alive ; I'm ready to lead.
  on Trump and natl. security: To show my steadiness and his lack of steadiness is part of the process 
  Other candidates prey on people's fears rather than showcase their skills to solve problems
Good morning South Carolina! Excited to get going. Will be on 
Thank you, New Hampshire. Off to South Carolina!
32 years in the private sector and 8 years turning the government upside down. That’s a proven record.
 Get out and vote today. I think Jeb Bush is the right person for the job.      
 Bedford is  ❗️ 
Only a couple more hours left to vote, Granite Staters. Find your polling location:  
In June, I pledged to run with heart ; run to win. Honored to have shared my optimistic message with New Hampshire.
     
Today is an important day for NH ; the country. I hope to have your support to get our nation on the right track
 Dear  vote was my governor and he is awesome. Sincerely,Regina  
During my 8 years as governor of Florida we didn’t just mark time — we filled those years with hard work and real reform.
Allison arrived undecided, but 5 minutes before entering one of Bedford's voting booths she made the right decision
 Go go! Happy New Hampshire primary day 👏🏼
Campaigning in New Hampshire has made me a better candidate and a better person.
When it comes to my conservative record of accomplishments, the numbers speak for themselves.
As governor, I was a reform-minded conservative. My plan to lead in the same direction →  
Half a foot of snow didn’t stop Portsmouth from joining last night’s town hall. Thank you all for coming! 
As governor, I challenged everything to improve the lives of Floridians. I'll take this same zeal for reform to DC.
Closing my time in New Hampshire the same way I began: giving it my all, speaking to every voter and being true to what I believe.
 Your tweet inspired me to sign up for  GREAT behind the scenes campaign footage.  
NEW VIDEO: Tomorrow New Hampshire votes for who they want as Commander-in-Chief and I hope you’ll stand with me.
No other candidate has a more detailed ; conservative governing agenda. My plan for a safer, stronger, freer America:
My plan for economic growth will restore the American dream for those who forgot what it looks like.
I vetoed $2 billion in spending, cut taxes by $19 billion, created 1.3 million new jobs ; balanced 8 budgets.That’s a conservative record.
I refuse to accept the “new normal” of 2% growth. My plan will create millions of new high-paying jobs every year. 
The United States can’t continue to withdraw from the threat of ISIS. We have one choice: to defeat it. 
My conservative record of accomplishments illustrates what we can do for America with true leadership. WATCH:
Thank you, Congressman for talking with our Nevada team ; caucus-goers this weekend 
 There is a change the air! Proudly supporting  
Obama's incremental and naïve foreign policy is not rooted in reality. I will restore US leadership. 
Big thanks to all those who joined me in Nashua yesterday. RSVP to our Portsmouth town hall:  
NEW VIDEO: and I served as governors, but when you match our records there’s no comparison.
 you aren’t just a loser, you are a liar and a whiner. John McCain is a hero. Over and out.
I will restore our country’s legacy as the world’s leading economic ; military power, an obligation ignored. 
We need a president willing to challenge the culture of overspending ; overreaching in our nation’s capital.
Congrats on the Super Bowl victory Peyton. The steady hand prevails!   
Pulling for another Super Bowl win for my friend Peyton Manning tonight. Go Broncos!
 chose his own personal gains over protecting an elderly widow’s home. WATCH:
Last night was a big win. Chip in now to stand with Jeb. 
The people that know and me best all like him, but see why they're supporting me. WATCH:
Agree with Gordon England. I wish spent more time trying to defeat the terrorists than trying to close Gitmo. 
Another packed town hall in Salem this morning. Thank you all for coming 
See for yourself →  
NEW VIDEO: Last night we saw the difference between the talkers ; the leaders
 Trump was booed 4 times during the 2 minute exchange with during  
Results are in: We won the  Get your Jeb gear today — everything is 10% off.  
When I got to HQ, I found last night's pizza... 
Came to HQ before and to put together walk books for volunteers. Thanks all! 
The most tweeted moment of tonight's 
 stance on the VA scandal is outrageous. Watch what I had to say at tonight’s 
I ask for your support to keep America safer, stronger and freer. 
  closing statement: "I ask for your support on Tuesday to keep America and make America safer, stronger and fre…
We need someone with a proven record to take our case to the American people. Join us:  
Under Jeb's leadership, Florida created the nation's 1st "Choose Life" license plates.  
I'm the most pro-life candidate on stage. I acted on it for 8 years as governor of Florida. 
Tough Night Donald.  
The sheer incompetence at the VA is outrageous. ignores it. I'll fix it. 
Nobody else will challenge Donald's domain. I did. I will.  
The state capitals should be the source of reform ; innovation in this country, not DC. 
Donald getting a lesson on conservatism tonight.
Closing Guantanamo is a complete disaster. As president, I will keep us safe. 
We have to lead. Without the United States, nothing seems to work. 
Jeb is the only candidate with a comprehensive strategy to defeat ISIS ; restore US leadership.  
Jeb cut more taxes than all the other governors on stage combined.  
The truth about and eminent domain: 
Its not tough to take an elderly woman's home  
Jeb has a proven record of leadership. 
We have a lot of talkers in DC. To fix our broken immigration system, we need leadership. Jeb’s plan:  
After 8 years of President Obama's weak foreign policy, Jeb will restore American leadership in the world. 
When we pull back, voids are filled. Next president has to get America back in the game. 
Take a look at Jeb’s record as a conservative reformer vs record as a do-nothing senator.  
Jeb has the support of 12 Medal of Honor recipients who know that he’s ready to be Commander-in-Chief.  
Jeb is the one candidate with the experience, plans ; temperament to be the next president. Join us:  
Before I step on stage for tonight’s  chip in $1 to show you have my back. 
Mom couldn’t make it out to knock doors today, but that didn’t stop her from talking to New Hampshire voters
A consistent conservative record of accomplishments vs. …nothing? 
This Kennebunkport crew geared up to knock on some Portsmouth doors today 
3 more days. Join the team:  
Thank you, Bedford. Join me tomorrow in Salem ; Nashua:  
I’m sorry you weren’t able to get into today’s town hall, but I hope your mom likes the surprise 
Over capacity for our Bedford town hall. For those who couldn’t make it inside, I’m glad we got to meet beforehand! 
NEW VIDEO: Fired up about the next few days in the Granite State.
Boys on the bus 
If you can’t list one accomplishment by how do you know he has the leadership skills to be president?
Get your Jeb bumper sticker here →  
 A mother's love: 90 year old Barbara Bush forging ahead through  snow for  
Granite Staters vote in 4 days ; this New Hampshire snowstorm won't stop our volunteers 
These two volunteers from the Sunshine State are bundled up ; ready to knock on doors today in New Hampshire. 
NEW AD: My conservative record of accomplishments vs. record of doing nothing in the Senate.
 My 90 year old mother made it out to campaign. She met Destiny, age 5. 
Grateful Mom could join me on this journey.
Look what I caught!Proud to land these four legendary conservationists. Welcome to the team: 
We need a president whose ambition is to serve others, not to serve themselves.
Mom’s prediction on who’s going to win 
Get an inside look at what it’s like being on the campaign trail with Mom:  
An overflowing crowd tonight in Derry. 
Great day in the Granite State. Join me tomorrow in Concord for another town hall:  
Full house tonight in Derry! Thank you to all those who came out. 
Tune into tomorrow to see my interview with Mom ; 
I will restore America's legacy as the world’s leading economic ; military power – an obligation has ignored. 
Four legends  Hook, line and sinker: 
Join me — and a very special guest — tonight for our Derry town hall:  
NEW TV AD: I have the steady hand needed to be a Commander-in-Chief you would be proud of.
The nation needs a tax system that is simpler, fairer ; can jumpstart economic growth.My plan for reform ; growth: 
Lunch at the Tilt'n Diner, grabbed a seat at the bar next to Pat from Northfield 
Only one candidate lands the big fish. Proud to have these legendary conservationists on the team: 
Thank you, I will work hard to win New Hampshire with your support:  
Mom’s joining me on the trail in New Hampshire today. Add us on Snapchat to follow along → 
ISIS now 2x more powerful in Libya than Admin estimate — no, Libya was NOT smart power at its best. 
NEW TV AD: Do you want a president who has a backbone? Or do you want a president who makes it all about them?
After 8 years of an inexperienced leader, it’s time for a president with a proven ; consistent record.
Restoring the right to rise in America requires accelerating growth, and that can’t be done without real tax reform.
Up next with on CNN ⛈ 
Jeb supporters come in all ages. Get your Jeb onesie today:  
My plan for reform and growth will create 19 million new jobs. I can do it, because I did it in Florida. 
Our message should be one of optimism — to give Americans the opportunity to pursue their dreams with a vengeance. 
Turn off Trump.  
I’ll be making stops across New Hampshire this week. RSVP to a town hall near you. 
America's words must be backed up by action. Allies must trust us and enemies fear us. Obama/Kerry don't get it. 
Enough with playground pranks and disparaging Americans, We need a real leader: 
My sister Doro spent yesterday campaigning — and taking selfies — with our South Carolina volunteers. 
Obama ; Clinton should stop being dishonest ; admit their incrementalist ISIS strategy is failing. 
 great stop. went all-in and got a cinnamon sugar donut
Caught up with at Lindy's in Keene. 
US debt hits $19 trillion, nearly half under failed leadership.My plan for sustained 4% economic growth → 
Great questions from the crowd at our Rindge town hall this morning! Thanks for hosting, 
As ISIS terror threat grows, Secretary of State’s words are hollow without credible US leadership ; action: 
 doesn't believe US leadership in the world is a force for good. Because of that, we suffered as a nation.
As governor, I cut taxes every single year. My plan for 4% growth:
Dropped by the Red Arrow in Milford, NH. Their fresh blueberry muffins look too good to pass up. 
Up next on from St. Anselm's in NH. Tune in ! 
Great night in Manchester. A big thanks to all those who came out. 
It’s time for us to recognize that America needs someone who can lead — someone with a proven record.
Honored to have these Generals on the team. Thank you all for your service. 
Our Iowa HQ is ready for tonight!Find your caucus location now →  
Join us tonight in Manchester for the first of our New Hampshire swing. 
Thank you to Governor for the warm welcome this afternoon at our Des Moines town hall.
Chip in $1 now to stand with Jeb during the Caucus tonight. 
Yet more details about how put her political security ahead of national security: 
Welcome to the team, Denver! 
It’s Caucus Day and these students are  your caucus location → 
All candidates can talk, but Jeb has delivered.
 is not a serious candidate. We’re living in serious times ; need a real Commander-in-Chief.
Grateful for the support of Des Moines' Coach Liang Chow — the man who trained US Olympic gymnasts for 25 years.
1 more day until the Iowa Caucus and we have all hands — and paws — on deck. 
Today, over 300,000 Florida students are in  programs because we took on the teachers unions ; won.
When ; were expanding Medicaid, I fought alongside the FL House to prevent expansion.
Proud to have the support of 15 former governors who value proven executive experience. Welcome to the team. 
Definitely won’t find anything cuter to show off our Jeb gear. 
Had the chance to share lessons I’ve learned about drug addiction with my beloved daughter there with me.
2 more days to go ; our volunteers aren’t stopping until every door is knocked and every yard sign finds a home. 
Everyone can make a difference in the lives of their loved ones and deserves to be treated with dignity and respect.
22 and a half years never missing a vote. is an inspiration. He's what public service should be about 
Honored to have Colonel Leo Thorsness on the road with me in Iowa. Fueling up on Red Bulls before next town hall. 
2 days until the Iowa Caucus!Find your caucus location → Commit to caucus → 
Follow me on Snapchat in just one click:  
Let’s keep the momentum from Thursday night going. Chip in $1 now to show you’re on the team! 
As president, I’ll do everything in my power to support  ; give every child a quality education: 
At town halls I meet veterans frustrated w/ the VA. My priority is to be a President who takes care of our veterans.
 Moving return to Langley and Memorial Wall today. The stars represent agents whose heroism is unknown to most. 
Wishing a very happy birthday. Our party is lucky to have you as a leader. 
We have a golden opportunity right now to transform our country ; isn’t the guy to make it happen.
The results from last night’s debate are in and we won. Now we need you. Join Team Jeb today! 
We need a President who can be trusted to keep our secrets secret. Obviously that's not 
With my leadership and plan to defeat ISIS, we will take on terror and we will win.
Trump’s “record," or lack thereof, proves he is more of a pro-Clinton Democrat than a Reagan Republican 
ICYMI: We must honor those who protected us. I will make sure all veterans have access to care ; reform the VA.
 may be satisfied with 0.7% growth, but with the right leadership, I know we can achieve 4% economic growth: 
We won last night’s debate. Celebrate this win with everything 10% off storewide! 
 cut and ran on his policy stances when his position became politically unpopular.
I warned of this 6 months ago at Reagan Library: “NYT: More is needed to beat ISIS, US Military concludes.” 
NEW Fox News Debate Video: I will unify the Republican party ; defeat Hillary Clinton.
I’ve laid out the most detailed ; comprehensive set of policy plans. More than any other candidate — on either side. 
Thanks for all the support tonight! I’ll make you proud to be our party’s nominee ; defeat Join us: 
  "I think  might have had the best night of the group in this debate."   
Jeb asked for your support. Join him:  
Jeb covered a lot tonight, click here to get all his detailed, conservative plans in one place:  
Disparaging women, Hispanics ; the disabled isn't a sign of strength. It's a sign of weakness, 
To defeat we need a nominee with a proven record of accomplishment. That's Jeb. 
Jeb's fighting hard on stage tonight, chip in $1 to have his back.  
Our nation is not based on race or ethnicity, it's based on shared values.  🇺🇸
We're never going to get anything done in Washington if our leaders cut and run, 
I cannot wait to put my record of accomplishment up against your failures in the general election. 
Jeb's response to summed up in one picture.  
The 6 steps Jeb will take to fix our broken immigration system, starting with securing the border:  
Watch Jeb's response on how he'll destroy ISIS. 
Jeb's tested ; transparent. To get info you need a subpoena. 
The first duty of the next President of the United States is to fix the mess at the VA. 
Jeb was the first candidate to outline a comprehensive strategy to address radical Islamic terrorism:  
 ; talk tough now, but where were they when they had the chance to act on Syria? 
Jeb has a clear strategy to defeat ISIS ; restore American leadership.  
We need a leader who will fix things and has a proven record to do it. That's 
Team Jeb taking over! Follow along with us during the  → 
The best poster to see before tonight’s  
 Rooting for tonight from      We Love You Jeb! 
4 days until the Iowa Caucus ; we’re so grateful to have on our team. Thanks for all you do! 
Tonight is the last  before voting begins ; I’m asking for your support. Chip in $1 to say you’re with me. 
Three days. Ten events. Can’t wait to talk with you, Iowa: 
Before tonight’s  check out some of my pre-debate rituals:  
ISIS committed/inspired 70+ attacks in 17 countries on 5 continents since September 2014. We need a new strategy: 
Proud of the FL House of Representatives for giving more freedom to innovative companies like to create jobs in the Sunshine State.
Two new polls show we're 2nd or tied for 2nd in NH. Help us keep the momentum going. Chip in $1 now: 
 thanks Alex!
RIP Barry Coates, a brave veteran who should still be with us today. Best way to honor him is to fix a broken VA: 
So great meeting you all. Thanks for helping us win the  simulation last night! 
DC liberals may be content with the “new normal” of 2% growth. I know we’re capable of more: 
The Commander-in-Chief must lead, not lecture. My plan to defeat ISIS:  
Remembering the loss of  crew. "The future doesn't belong to the fainthearted; it belongs to the brave." - President Reagan
I’ll be talking with on tonight at 10 PM ET. Hope you’ll tune in.
If can’t handle the debate, what else will he not be able to handle?
71 years ago, Auschwitz was liberated. Today and I honor all victims ; survivors of the Holocaust. 
Poor Little Donald isn’t getting his way.  
5 more days until the Iowa Caucus and the cold isn’t stopping our hard working group of volunteers. 
I am proud ; honored to have the best grassroots team in Florida. Thank you for all your support: 
National is more than a proclamation. This is about the great civil rights challenge of our time.
My plan for reform ; growth will lead to 19 million new jobs. We will compete with the world and we will win.
The Iranians know a mark when they see one. Want more concessions before Obama leaves office: 
The current tax code is a labyrinth with special interest giveaways ; breaks for DC insiders. My plan changes that: 
NEW VIDEO: Granite Staters always let me know what's on their minds. Here are some of my favorite moments from Q;A.
See if you can find the Easter egg in my Snapchat story today. 
Exactly. 
6 days until the Iowa Caucus. Join Team Jeb ; commit to caucus today:  
I know we can increase opportunity by putting students first ; expanding school choice. We did it in Florida. 
My court nominations will include those with a history of respecting limits of govt power ; the will of the people: 
We must lead a global coalition to disrupt terrorist networks, destroy their safe havens, discredit their ideology ; defeat them for good.
Absolutely correct.  
 Do you know who else is scared of tough qs from Fox ; Barack Obama. Enough whining.
Join me this afternoon for a rally in Elko, Nevada. RSVP here → 
Show you’re  and grab your favorite store gear today!  
Putin’s airstrikes help Assad ; Iran-backed Hezbollah retake territory from US-backed opposition. Obama ignores: 
We need to take power out of Washington and put it back in the hands of the American people.
Benghazi. Iran. ISIS. Failed reset. Emails. Clinton Foundation. This is what you’re proud of, 
In Florida, we led the nation in expanding parental choice. Proud to support
My record as Gov of FL is unmatched. Here’s how I’ll accelerate economic growth in the US:  
You have to pick judges with proven conservative records. The left will attack them either way.
 ISIS is not contained we are not where we need to be.Time to get serious about ISIS: 
Honored to receive your endorsement, Senator Welcome to the team.
One week out to the Iowa Caucus ; our committed team of volunteers and staff are working hard! 
We need to reform how Washington, DC works and I have the leadership skills to make it happen.
I'll reverse failed policies and introduce a simpler, leaner, fairer tax code:  
The next POTUS will determine if we move further away from a constitutional government or correct course: 
When other candidates could have led the charge on defeating ISIS ; Assad, they chose polls over safety ; strength.
Thank you, for making our case: 
Our troops need to be certain that their Commander-in-Chief has their back. I will.
We need a Commander-in-Chief who is focused on the greatness of our country and how to keep it safe.
It is not a sign of strength to insult people, It's a sign of deep insecurity ; weakness. 
Next POTUS will take office after 8 years of weak Obama-Clinton foreign policy. My plan to restore US leadership: 
To disrupt the culture of DC, we need a leader who’s actually done it. I changed Tallahassee ; I'll change DC.
 With just days left until the first votes are cast in Iowa, I’ll talk with ; this morning on
Older Americans are struggling under failed leadership. I'll improve the security ; health of millions: 
17 more days until New Hampshire votes. Working hard to get every vote.  
I’ll be hosting a rally in Elko, NV on Tuesday. Hope you’ll join us: 
3 yrs ago said “what difference does it make” for lying to Americans about Benghazi. WATCH:
 is an entertainer, not a conservative. 
My goal is to ensure that all Americans, no matter their background or zip code, have access to a quality education: 
Washington politicians are all talk with no action. To defeat ISIS, we need real leadership.
I'd be careful Donald 
Looks like I'm on this week...unfortunately not hoping to kill a terrorist: 
Came across this vintage sign on the trail in Exeter, NH. Signed my name alongside Mom and Dad’s. 
One town hall tonight, three town halls tomorrow. Another great weekend planned for NH: 
It was a pleasure to meet you,  
Greenville County Republican Party Chairman Chad Groover on my conservative record that’s unmatched in GOP field: 
Higher taxes, partial-birth abortion, single payer health care — just a few of the “causes” Trump has supported. 
The is right: is not a conservative.
I applaud those who  today. As president I'll fight for human dignity ; the unborn. New op-ed: 
 writes on my call to get rid of the DC craft beer cops: 
Talked with about lack of accomplishments ; inability to tell the truth. Watch:
I’ll be talking live on at 10:30 AM ET this morning. Hope you’ll tune in.
Today I stand with thousands marching for life ; defending the most vulnerable of all: 
The one and only Barbara Bush. Love you.
ICYMI: The Real Donald Trump
 yes. The Republican Party should nominate a conservative
Welcome to the fight, all. Trump is not a conservative. 
Tune into on tonight at 10:45 ET. We’ll be talking about foreign policy, the campaign trail and more.
Thanks, Matt! Looking forward to sharing my vision for a safer, stronger, freer America at this year.  
A big thanks to all those who joined us in Hampton, New Hampshire tonight. 
Great dinner with Lynne ; Mary, our Dinner w/ Jeb contest winners, ; before our Hampton town hall tonight 
Join Greg and the rest of our  students on 400+ campuses nationwide:  
47 pages of policy, that’s only half a loaf of bread. If you want the full loaf → 
NEW VIDEO: They might talk tough now but ; wavered when they had the chance to act on Syria.
Tonight I’ll be visiting Hampton, NH for another town hall. Hope to see you there! 
 With time short, continues direct attacks on     via
When it comes to defending the 2nd Amendment, my consistent, conservative record is unmatched. 
Talked about defending the 2nd Amendment at Sturm, Ruger ; Co Firearm Manufacturing. Thanks for having me! 
News only to those in Davos: Terrible Iran deal will fuel Iran's aggression and increase support for terror groups. 
Here's what Election Night 2016 would look like if is the Republican nominee:
If you want a president who will turn with the polls, you’ll have to vote for someone else. That’s not leadership.
In Washington, the drunken sailors are in charge and they just pass the bottle around.
There’s a long list of federal agencies that need to be turned upside down. When I’m president, the VA will be 1st.
 Republican presidential candidate is speaking at a town hall event in Keene. Watch live: 
Working hard to win every vote in New Hampshire. 20 days to go! 
 and I talked with New Hampshire veterans about the need to rebuild our military. Watch:
I’ll be talking with in live from New Hampshire at 5:05 PM ET. Hope you can tune in!
If is the nominee, will be elected president. We can’t let that happen.
We’re in New Hampshire for the rest of the week! Find an event near you ; meet us on the trail: 
 disregard for the inferior care provided to our vets is outrageous. Here’s how I’ll fix the VA: 
Invited a group of NH veterans to meet with and me today in Manchester. Appreciate their service. 
NEW VIDEO: Unless we stop Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton will be sworn in as president one year from today.
ISIS's destruction of holy sites, enslavement ; murder of Christians ; religious minorities must be stopped. 
The US faces a stark choice: rebuild our military, repair alliances ; restore our leadership or allow our global influence to further erode.
1 year from today, a new president will be inaugurated. Join our team to make sure it’s not Hillary Clinton: 
No other candidate has unveiled a more detailed ; conservative agenda. My plan for a safer, stronger, freer America: 
For America to lead the world, we need a strong economy. Watch my remarks at
Today 10k+ marched in Tallahassee to support school choice. union allies should  
 wouldn’t have the confidence of the American people as president because she can’t tell the truth.
Praying for the family of the young Ben Carson volunteer, Braden Joplin, who was killed in a tragic car crash in IA. A life taken too soon.
Number of Christian martyrs has tripled in 2 years. We must fight Islamic terror and defend religious freedom. 
We can’t afford to have another president who doesn’t believe in or understand American leadership. 
Disrupting the status quo to put kids, not unions, 1st requires radical education reform. My convo with 
Welcome to the team, Honored to have your support ; grateful for your service. 
 With only 13 days left until the  the other student organizations are nowhere to be found!  
As Commander-in-Chief, I’ll make sure our military has the resources they need to keep us safe. 
 Starting NOW: discusses foreign policy at CFR. Watch LIVE:   
After Iran released US hostages, troubled by reports its militias in Iraq kidnapped others. I’ll stand up to Tehran. 
The Obama-Clinton-Kerry team's stance towards Israel has been a disgrace. I’ll rebuild this crucial alliance.
While ; ignore threat of ISIS, I have a strategy to defeat radical Islamic terrorism: 
Iranian aggression threatens US, Israel ; our Mid-East partners. We need a comprehensive strategy to confront Iran. 
 was on this morning to talk about why he joined our team. Watch:
I’ll be at today talking foreign policy ; how to win the fight against ISIS. Watch live at 2:15 pm ET: 
In these serious times, our troops need to be certain that their Commander-in-Chief has their back. I will.
We can give more kids a better shot in life if we stop ; her staunch supporters, the teachers unions 
Without a quality education, there is no equality of opportunity. We need more choice and accountability.
Working hard to build our New Jersey delegate slate, good to meet many of them tonight!
Nearly a million students are on charter school waitlists. would close their door to opportunity. 
We need a president who will stand up for students. We know where stands — with the teachers unions. 
"Republicans have an opportunity to chart a different path, but most have failed to step up. Today, Jeb Bush will." 
Proud to announce our African-American Steering Committee that will promote our message of expanding opportunity: 
Here’s what I will do as president to drive down college costs ; restructure our higher education system: 
 proposals aren’t conservative. They’re dangerous to our economic security. 
No student should be trapped in a failing school. Every American deserves a great education by choice, not zip code.
Thanks for visiting our Nevada team ; helping out at caucus training! Appreciate your support. 
4 steps to conservative education reform: ✔ Expand school choice✔ Improve transparency✔ Empower states✔ Reward good teachers
NEW VIDEO: Ensuring every child has access to a quality education is the great civil rights challenge of our time.
Our failing education system is threatening the American dream. My plan to ensure every child has the right to rise: 
Our nation forever changed for the better b/c Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. stood up for freedom ; opportunity for all. 
Fact: and have had the same views on ISIS.  
Most passionate moments of  are always about who will ban more guns ; who will give the gov't more control over your health care.
My record: 1.3 million new jobs. $19 billion in tax cuts. 8 balanced budgets.  record: 
Berniecare vs Hillarycare is a debate without a difference. They’ll both double-down on government controlled health care. 
This is how would spend her first 100 days as president.  
RETWEET if you agree: We can’t afford 4 more years of failed liberal agenda. 
Will still insist we’re “where we need to be” in the fight against ISIS at tonight’s 
VOTE before tonight’s  Would be President Obama’s 3rd term or even worse?
 would force a liberal agenda at the expense of religious freedom. I’ll protect this sacred right.
Here’s why joined our team following last week’s debate: 
Thanks to the First-in-the-Nation voters who joined us at our town halls in Hollis, Amherst ; Hampstead this wknd! 
Today we mark National Sanctity of Human Life Day as declared by Ronald Reagan. As president, I’ll stand up for life and the unborn.
 claims to be a conservative, but none of his actions align with conservative values. Watch:
Gave a pep talk ; took some team photos before the big Hollis-Brookline vs Hampstead game today! 
Got in a snowball fight today at St. Anselm’s in New Hampshire. Find me on Snapchat to watch: jebbush 
Character matters. Is this the kind of person you want as President of the United States?
Prayers answered as American hostages coming home. Await more details on swap. They never should have been held at all.
 marks Nat’l Religious Freedom Day on the calendar, but he’s been hostile to our 1st freedom at every turn: 
As president, I’ll always defend our 1st freedom. Watch our new video in honor of National Religious Freedom Day:
 if you agree: would spend her first 100 days going from the White House to the courthouse.
Ready for another swing through the Granite State! Join us: 
Religious liberty must be respected ; protected. Read my new op-ed on how I’ll stand up for our 1st freedom: 
NEW VIDEO: Tomorrow we honor National Religious Freedom Day. I’ll fight every day to protect this sacred right.
Great night in the Palmetto State for the  Watch a recap of the highlights:
Here’s my pledge: I will campaign with heart and conviction about the need to protect our national security and restore American leadership.
I’m not a cut and run politician. Leadership requires moving towards the problem rather than moving away from it.
Praying for the 12 Marines missing off Hawaii. At home or overseas, they do a dangerous job with great courage. 
WATCH: “Jeb is going to be a nominee that can win an election that as a party we can’t afford to lose” -
Proud to have support. Help us build on our momentum by joining us today: 
 I’m endorsing for President this morning. He’s prepared to be Commander in Chief on Day 1. WATCH: 
Special announcement happening now from South Carolina with my friend Watch live here: 
Honored to have on our team. A proven leader with a clear understanding of the national security threats we face.
 "My record is an open book, [Hillary's] is one where we have to get it pried out by an FBI investigation." 
 "Is that how you lead the free world? And the answer is no." on Trump making divisive statements
My record is an open book. record needs to be pried out by an FBI investigation.
NEW VIDEO: Together, we can build a safer and stronger America. 
You can count on Jeb to keep us safer, stronger and freer. Join us → 
Fighting between backbench senators explains why people are frustrated with Washington. 
We need leadership, someone with a backbone. We don't need backbench senators arguing over amendments that never passed. 
"We need a president who will fix our immigration laws ; stick with it - not bend with the wind." - Jeb 
Chip in $1 to stand with Jeb while he's on stage.  
Jeb’s tax plan:✔ $2k tax cut for middle-class✔ Eliminate loopholes✔ 3 Tax Brackets✔ Simplify tax code
We need someone with a steady hand to be President of the United States. 
Ban all Muslims? Seriously, 
Jeb was the first candidate to put forward a comprehensive, serious strategy to destroy ISIS.  
Jeb to Donald: "Every time we send signals like this we send signals of weakness not strength." 
Yes, you are unhinged, 
As president, Jeb will stand with Israel.  
Our planes are older than our pilots. Jeb will rebuild our military for the 21st Century.  
Jeb has the strongest record of defending the 2nd Amendment out of anyone on stage at  See for yourself: 
"The 1st impulse of Barack Obama ; is to take rights away from law-abiding citizens." - Jeb 
Our country can rise up again, but we need to have a compelling conservative agenda. Here's Jeb's:  
Here's Jeb's plan to rebuild our military and restore American leadership around the world:  
Jeb will have our military's back as Commander-in-Chief. 
Here's how would spend her first 100 days as president.  
 would spend her first 100 days going from the White House to the court house. 
Team Jeb taking over! Follow along with us for tonight’s  → 
Honored to have Medal of Honor recipient General James Livingston as our  guest tonight. 
It’s the first  of 2016, and I’m asking for your support. Chip in $1 to say you’re with me: 
My vision and proven record is a stark contrast to the failed policies of and Pres. Obama. Watch:
Is this the kind of person you want as President of the United States? 
Before the  learn about the conservative solutions I’ve outlined to our nation’s greatest challenges: 
After 7 years of historic cuts to our military ; a weak foreign policy, I’ll restore America’s role in the world: 
 lacks the leadership, integrity ; character worthy of the Oval Office. It’s time to say: Enough.
We can make a difference in the fight against drug addiction. It just takes leadership.
 is unfit to lead this country. Here’s why: 
We’ve seen what happens when a president has no record of accomplishment. Here’s mine:
What kind of person mocks someone with a disability? Not the kind of person deserving of the presidency.
For the 1st time in history, more U.S. businesses are failing than starting up. I’ll get our economy back on track. 
Are you on our team for the first  of 2016? Grab your official campaign gear: 
Thanks — had my green apples for breakfast 
NEW AD: At what point do we say, enough?
South Carolina voters are taking a stand for proven, serious leadership. Watch:
After tomorrow’s debate, we’re off to New Hampshire! Find an event near you:  
 Great new ad by  His best ad so far ; perhaps the best of the whole campaign.   
You can join Sammi by signing up for  here →  
Our support among Florida conservative leaders continues to grow. Proud to welcome these state reps to our team: 
I’ve felt the heartbreak of addiction as a Dad and I can see it in the eyes of those that have gone through it too.
A fight for conservatism is a fight worth having and a fight I intend to win.  
Stopped by the IA Capitol this morning. Great catching up with Gov. ; meeting with state legislators. 
Cybersecurity is national security. We can’t trust someone to be POTUS who didn’t take it seriously as Sec of State: 
Talked with Iowa voters at the Westside Conservative Club over breakfast. Thanks for joining me at the Machine Shed! 
The incompetent Obama Administration has failed our veterans. Here’s how I’ll ensure they’re well provided for: 
There’s a solution to the heartbreaking epidemic of drug addiction, but it requires leadership. Watch our new ad:
I joined this morning to share my response to Pres. Obama’s  ; his failed foreign policy. Watch:
Proud of my friend for delivering a positive ; uplifting response to Pres. Obama’s  Clear vision for a brighter future.
Safer? ISIS on the rise. North Korea testing nukes. Syria in chaos. Taliban on march. This president is living in a different world. 
They're not just "killers and fanatics." They're radical Islamic terrorists. Still can't call them by name. 
It appears Obama is still under the impression ISIS is the JV team. Next President must understand the enemy and the threat. 
Middle-class income has declined $2,000 under Obama's failed policies. That's not progress. That's not giving everyone a fair shot. 
The economy might be the best this President can do. But it's not the best America can do.  
7 years of empty words. America deserves better.  
President Obama is living in a different world to think our country is safer and stronger. 
The State of the Union: less secure than the day took office. His legacy will be leading from behind.  
After 7 years of President Obama’s failed foreign policy, we need a Commander-in-Chief who is ready to lead. 
You won’t hear it at  but we’re at war w/ radical Islamic terrorism. Here’s how we win: 
If our sailors aren’t coming home yet, they need to be now. No more bargaining. Obama’s humiliatingly weak Iran policy is exposed again.
I have a comprehensive strategy to defeat ISIS. President Obama should take notes before tonight’s  
 ; liberal agenda has failed. We need new leadership. That’s why I’m running for president.
Toured Brownells Firearms Manufacturing ; talked about defending 2nd Amend. Thank you Grinnell, IA for joining us! 
Hugs for Hawkeyes on the trail today who braved the 2 degree weather! 
My conservative record of delivering results is unmatched in this race:
Proud to announce our Sportsmen’s Coalition committed to sharing our message about defending the 2nd Amendment: 
It’s great to have Admiral Natter on the trail with us in Iowa today. Proud to have so many veterans on our team. 
What’s the biggest failure of the Obama presidency? Vote before tonight’s 
IOWA: We’ll be in Coralville, Grinnell and Ankeny today. Get the details here ; join us: 
Trump's pal Putin deploys missiles that threaten NATO airspace. More evidence of failed Clinton Reset 
Learn more about my welfare reform plan to expand opportunity for those stuck in poverty in the Obama-economy: 
After 7 years of leading from behind, we need a president who believes in American leadership.
I was humbled when Tim Dyar, a South Carolina small business owner, reached out to share his story ; join our team:
My conservative record of leadership and results is a clear contrast to 
This is the war of our time, and a struggle that will determine the fate of the free world.
21 days to go, Iowa! Join Pieter ; sign up to volunteer → 
Congratulations on your historic achievement today! We’re all rooting for you.
No other candidate has put forward a more comprehensive set of policy solutions. Here’s where I stand: 
One day, three town halls. Find out when ; where to meet us on the trail in Iowa tomorrow: 
 considered instigating Palestinian protests against Israel? A colossally stupid ; vile policy. 
Get caught up on our latest swing through the Granite State:
Meet my friend, Breylen.
The Obama-Clinton-Trump position on foreign policy: weak
Every day, more and more First-in-the-Nation voters are joining our team and supporting proven leadership.
Gen. Hayden ; Former Secretary of Homeland Security Chertoff on my clear vision to defend America ; keep us safe: 
Great article by Foundation’s David Shedd on why I’m prepared to restore American leadership: 
This was so nice → "I lived in Florida for 25 years and you were the best governor we've ever had."
 is no conservative, and if he’s the nominee he would hijack the conservative cause.
Thanks to the 700 South Carolinians who joined us in Hilton Head last night! 
Thanks for your support Kevin and Darlene! 
NEW VIDEO: Appreciate all the support in the Granite State this week. An inside look at some of the highlights:
How to fix the mess in DC: Balance the budget. Don’t pay absent politicians. 6-year lobbying ban.
Join us in Hilton Head, SC today to hear my vision to get our economy back on track ; restore American leadership: 
An honor to join others in standing up for life at the South Carolina Citizens for Life rally today in Columbia 
At  I talked about how conservative policies lift people up. It just takes the right leadership. Watch:
Thanks ; for the thoughtful dialogue at  today. We need conservative solutions to restore opportunity.
Sat down w/ ; today and shared my plan to expand opportunity ; reform our welfare programs:
We’ve spent trillions on the ‘War on Poverty’ with little to show for it. It’s Washington that's holding us back. 
We can do better, and we must. Conservative policies are the answer to expanding opportunity  
 I'm marking you down as neutral. Maybe after a few more tweets like this, I'll win you over in time for primary night!
 nice meeting you! Good luck on Monday!
In Clemson Country tonight. Beat Saban! 
On the ground in South Carolina tonight and can feel the momentum building. Welcome to the team, Chad!
Looking forward to our town hall in Hilton Head, SC tomorrow! Doors open at 4 pm. Get the details here: 
I’ll be at the forum tomorrow talking about conservative solutions to expand opportunity. Join us: 
What’s the difference between "foreign policy" ; the Obama-Clinton team’s?
I’m the only candidate w/ a comprehensive plan to repeal Obamacare ; enact conservative reform for the 21st century: 
Next year we’ll have a new president. We need a nominee who can defeat ; finally repeal and replace Obamacare.
Praying for Officer Hartnett. Threats from homegrown radicalism continue to grow. We need a president who will lead the fight against it.
My advice for liberals and communists: Take an economics class.
6.8 million more Americans are living in poverty today than when took office. The simple fact is the progressive agenda has failed.
Plans for your Friday night? Join us at Dyar’s Diner in Pendleton, SC. RSVP here: 
 ; the Democrats may be fine with the current status-quo of dependency ; poverty. I’m not. My plan: 
Talked with yesterday about how lied to families of Benghazi heroes. Listen here: 
Wrapped up a 3-day swing through New Hampshire. 400 strong in Peterborough last night! 
Millions of Americans are stuck in poverty in the Obama-economy. Here’s my plan to reform our broken welfare system: 
Some of my favorite pictures w/ vets from the trail. Proud to have so many on our team in SC  
Whether it’s Iran holding US citizens hostage or Cuba holding a US missile hostage, Obama always caves. I won’t. 
 doesn’t know what the nuclear triad is. won’t modernize it. I will. 
 wife of Chris, gave thoughtful defense of 2nd Amend tonight ; asked tough questions. Take a look: 
We’re at war and is focused on more gun control. I’ll protect the 2nd Amendment ; take the fight to ISIS.
Hope my dad didn’t mind me talking up his 71st anniversary plans. 
Joined to discuss the greatest threats facing the U.S. in the 21st century:
Together we’ll put an end to the atrocities at PP in 2016. It starts by defeating their candidate, 
The 2nd Amend is the original Homeland Security Act. I fought to protect it as governor ; I’ll do so as president.
NEW VIDEO: When it comes to ISIS, sounds just as wrong and weak as the Obama-Clinton team.
Today marks 25 days until the Iowa Caucus. Join our team ; meet me on the trail next week: 
There’s still time to RSVP for our town hall in Peterborough, NH tonight! Details here:  
Stopped by L3-Insight Technology in NH this morning ; shared my vision to rebuild our military for the 21st Century. 
North Korean nuclear test underscores the need to reverse Obama’s defense cuts ; rebuild our military. Here’s how: 
After 7 yrs of the Obama/Clinton foreign policy, we need a Commander-in-Chief who’s ready to lead ; take out ISIS.
Great crowd here in Meredith, NH tonight! Talking about everything from school choice to national security. 
My motto is listen, learn, lead. Take our survey to let us know where you stand on the issues at stake in 2016: 
We must restore our place as the leader and indispensable power of the free world. This is how we get there: 
If is serious about reducing gun violence, he should look to Florida. We did it while protecting 2nd Amend.
New on my Snapchat story: Wishing Mom and Dad a Happy Anniversary. Add me to check it out: 
Yesterday in New Hampshire, I talked about President Obama’s naive ; incompetent foreign policy towards Iran. Watch:
Happy 71st Anniversary, Mom and Dad! Your love and commitment has always been an example to all of us. 
Stopped for breakfast in NH ; met a fellow space nerd. 7th grader Zacharie asked about my plans to restore NASA. 
Join us and Commit to Caucus today →  
President Obama’s Syria policy: ignore growing threat, abandon allies, embolden adversaries, kick can down the road. 
Gov Ducey made a fantastic appt. Clint’s respect for the Constitution ; commitment to federalism is second to none. 
North Korean nuke test  shows danger of continuing feckless Obama/Clinton foreign policy.
We’re on Snapchat! Add us for snaps from the campaign trail: 
Spoke w/ Pat Robertson about my commitment to appoint conservative judges who strictly adhere to the Constitution:
We’re safer because we have law-abiding citizens who are packing. I responded to exec actions in NH today:
Spoke with this morning about how Donald Trump would destroy the conservative cause. Listen here: 
Stakes in this election couldn’t be higher for gun owners ; individual freedom. I will always defend the 2nd Amend.
My personal story of how I fought the drug epidemic as a governor, and experienced it as a father: 
As president, I’ll make solving the complex problem of drug addiction a priority. That includes securing the border. 
We lost one of our finest today in Afghanistan, prayers for his family ; those injured. Grateful for all who serve. 
Today is another reminder that we can’t afford to give the opportunity to expand on gun-grabbing agenda.
Today Obama proved again why he’s 1 of most liberal ; divisive presidents in history. I’ll repeal his exec orders ; protect 2nd Amend.
Read my op-ed in today: Pres. Obama's executive orders trample on the 2nd Amendment. 
NEW VIDEO: I will fight as hard as I can against any effort by Pres. Obama to challenge our 2nd Amendment rights.
Our policies in FL reduced drug abuse. Today in NH, I’ll outline my plan to combat the heroin epidemic nationwide.
  on Trump: You got to take on the bully head on. Everybody else is in the witness protection program. 
The simple fact is Donald Trump would help get elected.
As a father, I've felt the heartbreak of drug addiction. Here’s how I’ll address it as president: 
I’ll be on ; tomorrow morning live from New Hampshire — hope you can tune in!
NEVADA: Are you ready for Caucus Day? Attend a training event near you to find out how you can make a difference: 
We trusted veterans to defend our country. We can trust them to choose their doctor. Here’s how I’ll fix the VA: 
Obama defense cuts are so deep that we no longer have aircraft we need to monitor some terrorist occupied areas. 
This election is our opportunity to turn the page from an era of divisive gridlock and restore leadership. 
The free world must act to defeat radical Islamic terrorism.
Unlike Obama who's still foolishly releasing terrorists from Gitmo, I’ll put national security first. Here’s how: 
Today we filed a full slate of 54 IL delegates ; 54 alt. delegates. Thanks to our dedicated supporters we filed 2X the required signatures!
First trip back to New Hampshire in 2016! Get the details ; RSVP to meet us on the trail this week: 
We’re on our way to being the smallest Army, Navy ; Air Force in decades. When I’m president, I’ll reverse this. 
Hitting New Hampshire airwaves this week: We must take out ISIS with overwhelming force. Watch:
Talked with this weekend about plan to bypass Congress yet again ; attack 2nd Amend. Watch:
I’ve unveiled more detailed policy plans than anyone in this race. See where I stand on the issues at stake in 2016: 
We’re less than 30 days out from the Iowa caucuses. Commit to caucus ; spread the word:  
We’ll be back in New Hampshire this week! Take a look at our campaign there so far: 
Want to make a difference in this campaign? Chip in $5 or more to become a 2016 Founding Member today: 
 would continue President Obama’s attack on 2nd Amendment rights. I’ll fight to protect them. 
 first impulse is to take away rights from law-abiding citizens. Watch my interview with
  President Obama's first impulse is to always take rights from American citizens  
Getting ready for Tune in! 
Here’s how I’ll strengthen rural America, support farm families ; shift power out of Washington: 
RSVP for our next NH town halls:Dover:  Meredith:  Peterborough: 
Taking back the White House this year starts with you. Join our team of 2016 Founding Members today: 
I’m proud that under my watch, Florida became one of the most pro-2nd Amendment states in the country.
America is at a crossroads and the 2016 election year is crucial to our future. It’s about who we are as a nation.
Obama delays even meager sanctions against Iran's missile proliferation. Exudes weakness and emboldens adversaries. 
Excited for what’s in store for 2016 — a critical year for our country. Columba ; I wish you all a Happy New Year! 
Tomorrow marks the start of the 2016 election year. Chip in $1 if you’re ready to take back the White House: 
Restoring the military isn't just about spending. It's about investing wisely. 
We caught some interesting (and funny) moments on camera this year. Here are our top  clips of 2015: 
NEW VIDEO: From town halls to tailgating, here’s a look at some of my favorite moments on the trail this year.
As 2015 comes to a close, we put together a few of our top moments on Twitter ; Facebook this year. Check it out: 
Last night in South Carolina, I talked about how I'll rebuild our military for the 21st Century. Watch:
Thanks to everyone who joined us at Hudson’s Smokehouse BBQ in Lexington, SC last night! I’ll be back soon. 
Only one day left to become a 2015 donor. Chip in $1 to stand with me heading into the crucial 2016 election year: 
Democrats are living in a fantasyland when it comes to rising threat of ISIS ; unfolding chaos in the Middle East: 
The tenuous peace we have worked so hard to secure around the world is slipping into chaos. America must lead again: 
Great to be back in SC today where the momentum continues to build! Happy to have Henry on board. 
5 times the  was unhinged, liberal ; dishonest this year:
Still support the deal, 
Looking forward to being back in the Palmetto State today! Join us for BBQ in Lexington: 
In 2016, we need to elect a Commander-in-Chief, not a Divider-in-Chief. Join us today:  
NEW VIDEO: In 2015 Donald Trump was unhinged, liberal ; dishonest. Counting down the worst he had to offer this year
A look back at ; President Obama’s fantasyland foreign policy in 2015: 
If you’re ready to stand with me in 2016 ; take back the White House, chip in $1 today: 
My 7-step plan to keep America’s promise to our veterans ; fix the VA: 
NEW BLOG POST: ; the Obama Administration’s 2015 foreign policy delusions → 
This is despicable. 
We need to shift power out of Washington ; back to the states. highlights my plan to restore federalism: 
Cyber threats, including ISIS, on the rise as refuses to lead. I’m the only candidate w/ a plan to tackle it: 
America must lead against a new generation of threats. Read my new op-ed: 
Who will be the dependable friend of Israel if not the United States of America? 
Before the end of the year, join our team if you’re committed to victory in 2016 →  
The Obama-Clinton-Kerry team isn’t living in reality. Watch my interview with last night:
Without American leadership, we’re just one more well-intentioned voice in the United Nations. We must change course 
What alternate universe is Obama Admin living in where they count “bringing peace” to Syria as 2015 accomplishment?
As governor, we cut state gov’t by 11% to boost the economy. It worked in Florida ; it can work in Washington: 
Awesome turnout for today’s luncheon. Thanks to students in the area ; 800+ Floridians who came out! 
Talked with about Trump’s disgraceful sucking up to Putin who’s bombing US-backed troops in Syria:
Honored to welcome retired U.S. Navy Lieutenant Bill Grimm from Franklin, NH to our team. Appreciate his support ; service to our country.
Standing room only at our town hall in Ocala, FL this afternoon! 
Obama’s lives in a fantasy world. Cuban dissidents, Syrian civilians, ISIS victims live in the real world 
Addressed today and made the case for American leadership ; restoring peace through strength:
I give a master class on selfies in the latest 
Thanks for coming to today’s event John. Appreciate your service to our country. 
We need a president who is resolute, as I will be, in the defeat of radical Islamic terrorism wherever it appears. 
 would give us 4 more years of failed Obama-economics. See what I said in Hialeah, FL today:
Full house at Chico’s this morning for breakfast in Hialeah. Un placer ver tantos de mis amigos de la Florida. 
Venezuelan people have spoken but Maduro is moving to silence them. US should promote democracy ; rule of law in VZ. 
A strong military is essential to the security of our children’s future ; to America’s leadership role in the world: 
I’ll be back in the Granite State this week working hard to win every vote. Join us → 
The U.S. must engage with friends ; allies and lead again in the Middle East. My plan to confront ; defeat ISIS: 
We have no greater asset than our vets ; service members ; no greater responsibility to ensure they're provided for: 
The best part about running for president is meeting the supporters who are making a difference in this campaign:
New Hampshire: I’ll be in Peterborough for a town hall on Tuesday. Details here:  
The 2016 election year will be consequential for our future. It's about who we are as a nation.
11 minutes and 17 seconds of highlights from the campaign trail in New Hampshire this year. Watch here: 
This time of year, we count our blessings — including our troops ; their families who defend our freedoms every day.
A little bit about what Christmas means to me: 
Merry Christmas to our troops ; their families who are thousands of miles apart. Thank you for keeping us safe. 
Enjoying time with family ; reflecting on all the blessings God has given us. From mine to yours, Merry Christmas! 
A behind-the-scenes look at the making of our family Christmas card this year:
Got a bit of a late start to my Christmas shopping this year. VIDEO → 
Favorite Christmas carol, worst Christmas present, best GOP Secret Santa ; more. Watch to hear my answers:
 had some important holiday questions, like whether Die Hard is a Christmas movie. Yippee ki yay → 
Thinking of our troops overseas ; their families at home this Christmas Eve. Grateful for their service ; sacrifice.
We have a winner for our New Hampshire Christmas sweater contest! 
From Contoocook and Exeter to Windham and Nashua — 4 town halls in 1 day is the way to campaign in New Hampshire:
Stopped by to shop for the ; helped pick avocados for my famous guac! 
In NH, I talked about how I took on powerful special interests as Governor and delivered conservative reforms:
LIKE to vote for Finalist  
LIKE to vote for Finalist  
LIKE to vote for Finalist  
Now announcing the 3 finalists of our New Hampshire Christmas sweater contest! Which one is your favorite? 
Last chance to get on our Christmas card list! Add your name here → 
NEW VIDEO: I talk re-gifting, hand out lumps of coal and explain why would make the best secret Santa.
It was great to meet Diane from Berlin, NH at our town hall yesterday. Thanks for coming out! 
New candidate for number one fan in New Hampshire! 
We need to take out the ISIS caliphate ; strengthen our metadata program to protect the homeland. Watch:
Talked with last night about why America has a leadership role to play in the fight against ISIS. Watch:
I’ll be on early tomorrow morning! Watch live on at 7 am ET.
We need a president who believes in American leadership. You won’t find that in or 
It was an honor to have Admiral Natter on the trail with us in New Hampshire today. Appreciate his support. 
Spoke with a New Hampshire priest about the need to help Christian refugees targeted by ISIS. Watch:
President Obama has put so many rules on war fighting that he’s endangering our troops.
Based on his tweets, gets pretty upset when he's called out for his unserious, Hillaryesque foreign "policy" views
The rocket landing at Cape Canaveral last night was an example of aspirational ingenuity at its best:
Stopped by the and officially completed the candidate fridge signing tradition! 
NEW VIDEO: 1 day, 4 town halls. Inside look at my NH trip. If I haven’t met you yet, I’ll be back to win your vote.
This is a time of war and Donald Trump has consistently proven he’s unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.
It was beginning to look a lot like Christmas at our town hall in Alton, NH last night! 
Getting some last-minute Christmas shopping done at in North Conway, NH. 
We'll be "where we need to be" when we have a Republican in the White House w/ a strategy ; the will to destroy ISIS
Our South Carolina team is growing! Excited to have these new supporters on board: 
I’m fighting to ensure every American has the opportunity to rise. With the right leadership, we can get there.
Tonight in NH, I contrasted my strong 2nd Amendment record with President Obama’s push for more gun control:
 is dead wrong that we’re "where we need to be" in fight against ISIS. My response in NH tonight:
We’re not "where we need to be," We need to change course from your failed foreign policy.
Prayers for 6 US soldiers ; Afghan-American woman lost today. We must remain resolute against radical Islamic terror.
Every conservative in this race should stand up to Donald Trump for his liberal views and embrace of Putin.
Joined today ; talked about the heroin epidemic, need to secure the border and more. Listen here: 
Tonight: I’ll be at the Alton American Legion Post  in New Hampshire and would love to see you there. Join us: 
Thanks for joining us this weekend Chris!
After a marathon day of NH town halls on Saturday, we have 3 more this week. RSVP here →  
Applying conservative principles to governing works. We did it in Florida, we can do it in Washington. 
Agree with WaPo that “Iran provokes the world as Obama does nothing.” would be more of the same. 
Nobody is more clear-eyed about   ISIS than my friend As he leaves the race I hope our party ; country listen to his counsel
I'll continue to call Trump out for his outrageous comments ; naive "foreign policy." Even if no one else will.
"Where we need to be," Really?
This morning on I talked about national security ; threat of radical Islamic terrorism. Watch:
Coming up shortly: Tune in for my interview with at 10:30 am ET.
NEW VIDEO: We need a real plan to destroy ISIS, Not some "wish."
Nothing like listening to 3 democrats argue about who is going to raise taxes the most. 
No - We are not "where we need to be" in fight against ISIS. 
They've said ISIS is not our fight.  
More gun control isn't the answer to defeating radical Islamic terrorism, 
Why is the  always on a Saturday?  
 Bernie ; will offer more of the same: More taxes, more regulation, more spending.
We can’t afford 4 more years of President Obama ; failed agenda. 
No better way to spend a Saturday night than talking with NH voters in Nashua for our 4th town hall of the day. 
Town hall  of the day: Taking questions on foreign policy ; national security from New Hampshire voters in Windham 
While Trump excuses Putin’s brutality, Obama excuses Castro’s repression. I'll end appeasement ; stand up to despots 
Nice to have FL folks w/ us in NH braving the colder weather. 
 I believe  That's why I was proud to stump for him on the trail in NH this wknd!  
At the historic Exeter Town Hall this afternoon discussing the need for serious leadership to defeat ISIS. 
You never said that, Um…
New Hampshire: We still have 3 more town halls today ; more next week. Get the details here:  
In NH today for a day of town halls! Watch for a behind-the-scenes look at our campaign in the Granite State: 
At the famous in Manchester for breakfast, home of the Grand Poutine Challenge! 
Talking national security in Contoocook with New Hampshire voters this morning at our first of four town halls today 
Ran into these great Americans tonight in Manchester. Man, I love this state. 
TOMORROW: We’re holding 4 town halls in New Hampshire to discuss national security. Join us:  
In honor of Star Wars: The Force Awakens' Opening Weekend…had to do it. 
Donald Trump, in his own words:
We asked, you voted. "Saturday AM cartoons" for the win. Congrats, Donald! A new online poll for you to cite. 
The Putin praise must be clouding your memory  
These are serious times. We need serious leadership. That’s the case I made at this week’s debate. Here’s a recap:
 a real leader would stand up, not suck up, to bullies and despots like Putin. Here’s a lesson.
Watch our new video to go behind-the-scenes with us on the campaign trail. No moment too small, no issue off limits. 
7 years ago today, did you think President Obama was “doing a great job?" sure did. Watch:
Still 3 hours left to vote! 
This is what thinks is "strong leadership"   
NEW VIDEO: Happy Anniversary, Donald! 7 years ago today. 
Does Donald even know Putin backs Iran/Assad? Does he care? We must stand up to Putin not coddle him  
A true freedom-loving conservative wouldn't be flattered by praise from a despot like Putin   
The fact of the matter is, doesn’t have the judgment to be Commander-in-Chief.
I was the only one to stand up to Trump’s chaotic, irresponsible foreign policy at the debate. See top moments here: 
Donald Trump versus Donald Trump:
Last call for stocking stuffers! Order by midnight to guarantee delivery by Christmas Eve:  
Up until recently, ISIS plan sounded just like 
Trump says he gets his military advice from "the shows." Do you think it's the Saturday or Sunday shows?
Putin thinks Donald will re-reset relations w/ Russia. Hillary 2.0.  
Talked w/ about how I have a real proposal to destroy ISIS while Trump’s "plans" will make us less safe
I’ll reverse strategy of appeasement towards Castro regime ; stand in solidarity with a free Cuban people.
 faces don’t match with his words →
In year since Obama capitulated to Castro, Cuba remains despotic ; corrupt. Unlike I will stand w Cuban people for freedom.
Honored to have Gen. Burnett ; Gen. Titshaw campaigning for us in SC yesterday ; meeting with veterans. 
You can’t insult your way to the White House, Donald.
We’re holding 5 NH town halls on Saturday to talk foreign policy ; national security. RSVP:  
Tune in to at 10:15 pm ET to hear my thoughts on last night’s debate ; my plan to address national security threats we face.
I was the only one on stage last night with a comprehensive strategy to defeat ISIS. Here’s the path forward: 
Tell Trump: You’re not going to be able to insult your way to the presidency. Add your name:  
You never said that, That’s interesting…
If you’re on our team after last night’s debate, check out our online store for 10% off: 
I was the only one to effectively take on Donald last night. Watch:
This isn’t a reality TV show. would be a Chaos President. Sign your name:  
Post-debate breakfast stop at this morning! 
Welcome to the team, Sandra ; James Adams! Appreciate your support in New Hampshire. 
Trump tried to deny his unserious, pro-Hillary foreign policy past. Let's go to the tape 
Thanks Mariela! 
One thing was clear from last night’s debate: would be a Chaos President. Watch:
Trump isn’t a serious candidate. He talks a big game but hasn’t thought it through. Watch my interview w/
NEW VIDEO: is chaotic and wrong. Watch:
 would be President Obama’s 3rd term. Watch my interview with
Watch the top 5 moments from last night’s  
This morning on I talked about how Trump’s proposals would be damaging to our national security.
What a night! Thank you for your support. 
Sometimes you have to take a stand. 
Tonight, Jeb put The Donald in his place ; showed he’s the only candidate prepared to lead as Commander-in-Chief.
Chip in $1 if you agree Donald Trump doesn't have the judgment to be Commander-in-Chief → 
For a safer, stronger and freer America, join us today →   
"I don't make false promises. I deliver real results." - Jeb 
Looking for more information about Jeb during tonight's  We have you covered: 
After 7 yrs of the failed Obama/Clinton foreign policy, we need a Commander-in-Chief who’s ready to lead.  
President Obama has had nearly 8 years to fix our broken immigration system and he's done nothing. Jeb's plan →  
Donald gets his military advice from "the shows"  
Don't lose your temper there, Donald. If you think this is hard... 
 wants to double-down on a failed foreign policy. Jeb will restore American leadership.  
Add your name if you agree would be a chaos president:  
You can't insult your way to the presidency,  if you agree. 
Watch Jeb tear apart irresponsible foreign policy at the 
FLASHBACK: plan to destroy ISIS: Let ISIS fight Assad and then let Russia fight ISIS. 
FLASHBACK: on who advises him on military issues: "I watch the shows." 
FLASHBACK: Hillary would do a "good job" negotiating with Iran. 
Destroying ISIS requires leadership, not just filing an amendment. 
Jeb is the only candidate on stage with a serious, comprehensive plan to destroy ISIS.  
If we're going to ban all Muslims, how do we build a coalition to destroy ISIS? Muslim Kurds among our strongest allies. 
These are serious times, and isn't a serious candidate. 
 Jeb Bush assessed the serious situation but invoked positivity and hope for the future. That's the President I want. 
 is a chaos candidate, and he'd be a chaos president. 
Here's how Jeb will make our country safer, stronger and freer:  
Handing my feed over to
We need a president with the resolve to lead ; a strategy to defeat ISIS. Here’s my plan  →  
When it comes to our national security, the choice in 2016 is clear. Watch:
We need a Commander-in-Chief who is ready to lead on Day One. Chip in $1 if you’re with me.  
These Medal of Honor Recipients are ready for strong leadership. Are you? Join us → 
America has always been a force for good. The will to stand up ; defend freedom is what makes us who we are.
Show your support before tonight’s  with our official campaign gear →  
All of our Florida friends are welcome to attend one of our debate watch parties in Miami or Tampa tonight: 
We're at war with radical Islamic terrorists. We can’t contain this threat — we need to destroy it. Here’s how: 
Before the  watch a recap of the strategy I outlined in August to defeat ISIS ; restore U.S. leadership:
After 7 years of President Obama ; failed ; weak foreign policy, we need new leadership. Watch:
Rising threat of ISIS is a reminder of what’s at stake in 2016. We are choosing the leader of the free world.
Iowa: We’re hosting GOP Debate watch parties in Des Moines ; Cedar Rapids tonight. Join us: 
The idea that you can get a K-1 Visa without having social media checked is absolutely absurd.
I'm offering the most dramatic reform agenda of any campaign, including a plan to transform the welfare system: 
Proud to announce our Law Enforcement Coalition made up of federal, state ; local officials: 
The day that I’m elected president is the day we begin rebuilding the Armed Forces of America.
In August, I outlined a serious strategy to defeat ISIS and Assad. The actions I called for then remain critical:
'Tis the Season to be  Get your stocking stuffers:  
Just finished hour+ ed board. Only q left unanswered - who owns the newspaper?
Toured LV Fusion Center ; visited w/ Their efforts are critical to sharing information ; identifying threats 
We're only hitting ISIS 'harder than ever' b/c we haven’t been hitting them very hard. I have a plan to destroy them 
Cuban people don’t want a token visit w dissidents, they want a US President to stand for a free ; democratic Cuba. 
I’m the only candidate with a comprehensive, detailed plan to repeal ; replace Obamacare:  
We need a new generation of aircraft. Our planes shouldn’t be older than our pilots.  
A winning strategy against ISIS depends on military strength that underwrites U.S. influence. My plan to restore it: 
"We need to elect a strong president who understands the value of freedom." — Colonel Leo Thorsness
Before I take the stage for the final GOP Debate of 2015, take our quick survey: 
Add your name to get on my Christmas card list here: 
Every day President Obama refuses to lead is a day ISIS continues to spread ; recruit more terrorists.
Always ready, always there for 379 years. Happy Birthday Thank you to all those who have served. 
NEW: Read my op-ed on transforming our welfare system ; getting Americans back to work: 
Ryan, 4th best braille reader in U.S., asked to touch The Colonel's medal. "I'll do you one better. Try it on." 
Col. Leo Thorsness honored the fallen at a wreath-laying ceremony in NH today. Humbled to have him on our team. 
Town hall question of the week goes to Cameron, 5th grader from New Hampshire:
Nice meeting you Tim! Thanks for coming. 
This week in New Hampshire, I talked about how my faith guides me. Watch:
President Obama doesn’t believe ISIS is an existential threat to our country. Watch my interview with
TONIGHT: Tune in to at 10 pm ET for my interview with
Col. Thorsness was on Veterans’ Voices w/ to speak on behalf of our campaign. Appreciate his support 
I’d say the family Christmas card photo session was a success. No tears from our angels this year.
The American middle-class is losing ground under ; failed policies. We need new leadership. 
Enjoyed chatting with John and Lucy from Amherst, NH at our town hall last night! 
My record of defending the 2nd Amendment stands in stark contrast to ;
Under failed leadership, US intel community is increasingly overburdened ; underfunded. My plan: 
 may not think the scandals inside the VA are a big national problem. I couldn’t disagree more: 
Serious times call for serious leadership. Watch ; join us today —&gt; 
Was fun to go in studio with ; at WBZ in Boston this AM. 
 good luck with paleo. Hope to hit Mt. Monadnock with you soon.
Please join me in praying for Robert P. George this evening as he’s been hospitalized in serious condition.
 we will make room for both
I have a new, delicious non-paleo compliant snack on the campaign trail. Crispy m;ms. A+ 
Great to have Gov. Tom Ridge, NH Senate President Chuck Morse ; Colonel Leo Thorsness with us on the trail in NH. 
Yesterday I announced a series of actions I would take to restore our nation’s counterterrorism capabilities: 
I’ve outlined a comprehensive plan to fix the VA. She’s perfectly fine with the broken status-quo. 
That was a great show. Thanks 
We face a clear choice in 2016 when it comes to protecting our veterans. Read my new op-ed: 
Thanks for supplying a hat for the beautiful NH afternoon 3 mile run. Vote red!  
Governors have best sense of when fed gov’t is exceeding its constitutional limits. We need one in the White House: 
New Hampshire: Headed to Milford tonight for a town hall. RSVP —&gt;  
President Obama misled Congress and ignored security risks in the Bergdahl swap. Now 5 terrorist leaders are free. 
I reject ; diminished view of America’s role in the world. It’s time to start leading again: 
Last 7 years under have taught us problems don’t take care of themselves in absence of US leadership. Watch:
Thanks for hosting today’s “Life of the Party” event 
Don’t miss my interview with tonight at 9 pm ET on
I was up in NH so filled in for me at the Christmas Party! Wish I could have been there. 
Celebrating the Festival of Lights on the 4th night at the NYU Hillel with AEPi and Adina Lichtman 
Accountability doesn’t mean firing anyone? The VA needs to stop protecting unions ; bureaucrats at our vets’ expense 
Met a smart 5th grader in New Hampshire who asked about my 1st term plan. Watch to hear my answer:
We can’t keep America safe by only playing defense. We need to bolster our intel efforts ; take the fight to ISIS: 
Under President Obama, our enemies don’t fear us and our allies don’t trust us. Here’s how I’ll change that: 
As president, I’ll reauthorize the metadata program, but that’s just a first step. Read the others: 
Thank you, Hooksett, NH for a great town hall last night. Talked national security ; need for U.S. leadership. 
NEW: My plan to reverse President Obama’s risky, flawed ; restrictive counterterrorism policies: 
Long before lawless power-grabs began, I was fighting to restore proper balance between DC ; the states: 
 ; have showed a stunning lack of seriousness in response to the terror threat we face.
Honored to have leading our task force to restore federalism. Read his op-ed in 
 has presided over a massive expansion of fed gov’t at the states’ expense. My plan to restore federalism: 
The contrast between my plan to defeat ISIS ; failed leadership couldn’t be clearer: 
Visited with today to talk about how to preserve ; reform Social Security for future generations. 
Next stop on the campaign trail today is Hooksett, NH. Swing by our town hall tonight: 
Radical Islamic terrorists have declared war on us and ; are focused on more gun control.
Obama wants to sweep Iran’s lies and noncompliance w/ IAEA under the rug. I oppose the deal and will confront Iran. 
Maybe Donald negotiated a deal with his buddy Continuing this path will put her in the White House. 
To defeat ISIS, we need to remove the self-imposed constraints has placed on our intel community ; military. 
Iran supports terror, violates missile ban ; preaches death to US/Israel. Still support the deal, 
Yesterday, I shared more reaction to lack of resolve to lead the fight against ISIS. Get caught up here: 
NEW VIDEO: ; response to radical Islamic terror is more gun control. Totally wrong.
We’re holding a town hall in Hooksett, NH tomorrow evening. RSVP here: 
We need to restore the metadata program to protect the homeland.
CBO reports Obamacare will cost 2 million jobs over next decade. My plan to repeal the disastrous law ; replace it: 
President Obama is more focused on what we shouldn’t do than what we should do to annihilate ISIS.
We need a Commander-in-Chief with a serious plan to take out ISIS and defeat radical Islamic terrorism. Here's mine 
Donald Trump is unhinged. His "policy" proposals are not serious.
Clarence Pfundheller’s story reminds us of the heroism of Pearl Harbor survivors. Honored to have him on our team. 
 on address last night ; his failure to come to grips with the threat we face: 
Horrifying new VA report. In my administration, VA will be reformed to protect veterans' lives not union contracts. 
Remembering the brave souls lost at Pearl Harbor and honoring all those who have served. 
Venezuelan people have spoken. US should stand w/ them against corruption/repression ; for freedom. It's past time for Maduro regime to go.
 ; refuse to utter the words radical Islamic terrorism. The result is a weak ; tepid strategy
Tune in this morning to hear my response to address last night. Watch live on at 8:00 am ; at 8:20.
This is the war of our time. It shouldn’t be business as usual. My response to weak Oval Office Address: 
New intel reportedly confirms what I warned of months ago — Obama's incremental policy is failing. 
Wishing a Happy Hanukkah to all those who begin celebrating the Festival of Lights tonight. Chag Sameach! 
We’ve had 7 yrs of the Obama-Clinton tax ; spend agenda. We need new leadership. I’ll get our economy back on track 
 tax and spend policies will hurt the middle class. My plan creates economic growth ; higher wages
The first impulse of ; is more gun control. My first impulse is to take out ISIS.
Don't miss my response to on This Week tomorrow morning. 
Next week, it’s back to New Hampshire. Meet me there: 
This report shows risk of ending key program to probe terrorist connections. We should restore it 
SEC championship Saturday. Pulling for a Gator upset, need some offense! 
Another Iowa trip is on the books! 
So eager to be history-makers, ; failed to be peacemakers. We need peace through strength.
Add your name by midnight to double your chances of winning!  
As president, I will restore resolve, consistency ; moral clarity to America’s efforts to combat terrorism. 
 Former US Attorney General Mike Mukasey doing a great job 4 in packed Cheshire Cty GOP   
This is not the time to let our guard down. We need to boost our intelligence capabilities and take out ISIS. 
America has the capability to destroy ISIS. We just haven’t shown the will. As leader of the free world, we must act 
Met a few future Iowa farmers on the trail in Des Moines this week! 
Honored that former AG Mukasey represented our campaign at forum on America’s global leadership this morning. 
Obama passivity allows ISIS to adapt, plan, ; plot. Need to take fight to terrorists, deny sanctuary, disrupt networks, discredit ideology.
We must eradicate ISIS and empower intelligence agencies to address homegrown terror threat 
As president, I would seek congressional authorization to strike ISIS. We need to get people all in on this.
My sister Doro stopped by the famous Lindy’s Diner on her 2nd day campaigning in New Hampshire yesterday! 
 lacks seriousness on foreign policy. These are dangerous times ; we need a proven leader.
Disappointing that the Ex-Im Bank was reauthorized tonight. Economic growth won’t come from picking winners and losers in Washington.
As president, I would sign the Senate’s Obamacare repeal bill ; enact a conservative plan for the 21st century: 
If you don’t have humility, you’ll make a horrible president. We have one right now.
As president, I’ll work with my Attorney General to stop the BDS movement immediately.
I’ll be in the Center Seat tonight with the panel at 6:30 pm ET. Hope you can tune in.
I’ll restore the trust that binds the US-Israel alliance ; send the world the unmistakable message that we stand as one. 
About to take the stage at  Watch live here: 
Let us be clear: There's no moral equivalence between Palestinian terror ; Israel defending itself. 
If we can’t stand w/ Israel in the face of terror, we can’t be relied on to lead the world in the name of free people any longer. 
US-Israel alliance is founded not merely on shared interests, but shared values. I’ll rebuild this vital friendship. 
America has had enough of empty words ; an Admin with no strategy or intention of victory. It’s time to lead: 
The Obama-Clinton-Kerry team has gotten it wrong from Day One.  
I’ll address the Republican Jewish Coalition this afternoon at 3:30 pm ET. Watch live here:  
US-Israel alliance should be stronger than ever given shared interests in fighting terror. But Obama Admin has managed to erode it 
While I was in Iowa yesterday, my sister was on the trail in Nashua, NH to grab lunch with Thanks, Doro! 
Ahead of today’s  read my new op-ed on restoring US-Israel alliance, combating Iran ; defeating terror: 
 Let me thank the police who responded to the scene...put their lives at risk..not knowing if the killers would kill them, too Pl…
Praying for the victims, their families ; the San Bernardino first responders in the wake of this tragic shooting.
 has no clue what he’s talking about on Syria. 
Thank you for this important legislation that will keep Americans safe. 
Just a few weeks ago, touted Libya as a foreign policy success story. Today it’s in chaos.
Coming up at 10:10 a.m. CT — tune in to for my interview with
If it is caucus season, it is time to meet the Iowa Press. 
"This is no reality show. This is serious business. This is about the livelihood of our kids ; grandkids."
Great to grab a post-town hall beer last night at The High Life Lounge with some Iowa friends 
Listening ; learning at our 3rd town hall of the day in Newton, Iowa. Heading to Des Moines in the morning! 
 It’s great to see passionate, young people like Kate involved in this campaign. Appreciate her hard work in Nevada! 
Honored to have the confidence of these Medal of Honor recipients to lead in a time of crisis as Commander-in-Chief:
Today we remember Rosa Parks, whose courage is still an inspiration 60 years later. 
Thanks to everyone on the ground in TN, we’re officially the 1st to file a full slate of delegates in the state for the March 1 primary.
Addressing threat of radical Islamic terrorism ; creating jobs should be Obama’s top priority – not climate change. 
Thank you Waterloo, IA for joining us on a snowy day at the Sullivan Brothers Iowa Veterans Museum. Awesome venue. 
Every day, ISIS is recruiting more terrorists. Obama ; Clinton’s reluctance to lead the fight is flat-out dangerous. 
Thank you, for your 23 honorable years of service to our country! 
Thank you Clinton County GOP and Chair Dan Smicker for hosting a great event in Goose Lake last night! 
Without U.S. leadership, we'll continue to have chaos in the Middle East. We need to take out ISIS, not contain it.
Coffee ; donuts with Iowa voters in Dubuque this morning! Next stop: Waterloo. 
Watch our new ad hitting NH airwaves ; chip in to spread this message across the country: 
Hillary Clinton limiting ISIS attack options shows she’ll continue Obama’s containment. I have plan to defeat them. 
Tomorrow marks 2 months until the Iowa caucuses ; we have events in Dubuque, Waterloo ; Newton. Join us: 
In FL, we proved it’s possible to stand strong on principle ; protect 2nd Amend while still reducing gun violence: 
On I outlined a strategy to destroy ISIS, not just run out the clock like Obama. Watch:
Here is how to defeat ISIS ; achieve long-term political stability in Syria:  
National debt is approaching $19 trillion ; wants to add $1 trillion in new spending on top of it: 
David Shedd shows how Obama has tied intel community’s hands, just like he has tied military’s. I’ll unshackle them. 
20% off our entire store for Cyber Monday! Start your holiday shopping here: 
Leadership means being there for people when it matters most. Here's how we got through Hurricane Ivan:
ISIS cannot be destroyed without American leadership. Listen to my interview with here: 
Clinton calling to close GITMO ; bring terrorists to US for trial shows her terror priorities are completely wrong. 
Agree with MG Scales:  US leadership key to NATO and deterring Putin’s aggression. My plan: 
My record on the 2nd Amendment provides a way forward for America ; a clear contrast to 
Couldn’t agree more I hope you’ll be a part of it:  
Thanks for coming to the tailgate yesterday Colby! 
Soaked in all the time-honored traditions of SEC football at the Egg Bowl. Thanks for an awesome tailgate 
 thinks we can run out the clock on ISIS. That’s not a strategy. See my plan from
Clinton said her Libya policy was “smart pwr at its best” Now a breeding ground for extremists w/ ISIS terror colony 
End of NSA anti-terror program this wknd threatens national security. I warned months ago it should be reinstated. 
Tune in for my interview with tomorrow at 10:30 am to hear my strategy to defeat ISIS ; address national security threats.
Hotty Toddy, 
 Mammoth crowd showed up to see in the Junction in Starkville. 
Great seeing you at the Egg Bowl Lt. Governor 
 has been a conservative leader on education reform ; raising student achievement. Enjoy your visit to the 
Good luck in your final home game, Dak 
Touring the field with Chairman Gavin King ; getting the GameDay rundown from Mark Keenum ; his family. 
Colleen, would love to have you on the team —&gt;  
Couldn’t resist the cowbell in Starkville. 
Stopping by for some Southern BBQ before heading to the Junction! 
After years of reckless defense cuts ; leading from behind, global challenges facing next president will be profound 
Hoodies, koozies, camo hats ; more — it’s all still 20% off! Show you’re on our team with our official campaign gear 
Had a blast with UGA IX in Athens. Heading to Starkville to see some different SEC Bulldogs ; the Rebels!
I’ll reverse the failed Obama/Clinton foreign policy. Read my new op-ed in New Hampshire’s 
Can’t wait for the Egg Bowl tomorrow! Come tailgate with us:  
Football &gt; Shopping. But you should still check out our online store for 20% off: 
I hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving with family ; friends. Now it’s time for some football!
God bless the As Commander-in-Chief, I will ensure they maintain their edge over all enemies. 
Giving thanks for all the blessings God has given us. From my family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving! 
 has been trampling all over the Constitution with the terrible Iran deal. I discussed with 
Tune in for my conversation with at 6 pm ET:  
I match up best against b/c I have a proven track record — strong contrast to her failed leadership. 
It’s simply baffling that President Obama views climate change as a bigger threat than radical Islamic terrorism.
I’m especially thankful for our troops overseas ; their families here at home as we prepare for Thanksgiving:
A trip to Spartanburg isn’t complete without a stop at the legendary Thanks for having us. 
Nice meeting you, Jamie! Thank you for supporting ; making a difference in your community. 
We shouldn’t need the British to spot us choppers. We should have the most cutting-edge military in the world. 
We can no longer tie the hands of our military ; make it harder for them to fight. We need a strategy to defeat ISIS
Just spoke to President-elect Macri of Argentina. Impressive vision for Arg people; I’m optimistic about prospects for US-Arg relations.
Thanks for your support, Gov. Ridge. We need proven leadership in the White House. 
I’m going On the Record with tonight to discuss national security ; my plan to defeat ISIS. Tune in to at 7 pm ET.
1st actions I’ll take as President: Repeal Obama’s regulations. Move US embassy to Jerusalem. Close embassy in Cuba.
 You're welcome, Jeb. Heritage is worth saving. 
Excited to announce our Louisiana leadership team. We're committed to victory on March 5: 
Destroying ISIS starts with American leadership. Listen to my NH Today interview with 
Obama’s naïve nuke deal exposed again as Iran ramps up cyberattacks on US. Mullahs don’t go quietly into the night. 
My  I give to follow Christ. 
Kicked off the  Program in Greenville. Visit your local ; support kids in need. 
Confirmed: The Peachoid is still standing. Thanks for saving it, 
The B-52, the backbone of our bomber fleet, took its 1st flight when Harry Truman was President. 
"We need someone who believes in those serving in uniform and gives them the capability to get the job done."
South Carolina: We have events in Spartanburg and Rock Hill today. Join us —&gt; 
“That kind of executive experience is what’s needed in the White House.”
If ; want to criticize individuals over Syrian refugee crisis, they should look in the mirror 
Here’s what these Medal of Honor recipients want in their next commander-in-chief: 
Colonel Leo Thorsness stopped by the office ; was sporting one of my favorite store items:  
You would be hard-pressed these days to find a U.S. armed forces member who feels DC is doing right by the military. 
Thanks for your support, Marshall! 
Getting excited for the Egg Bowl this weekend! RSVP to join the tailgate: 
If you missed my interview with that aired Sunday on my plan to destroy ISIS, watch it here:
Joining with New Hampshire’s Concord News Radio this morning. Listen live at 10:05 am ET: 
We asked a few of our supporters why they’re  Here’s what they said:
There’s a lot at stake in 2016. What issues matter most to you? Take our quick survey: 
Thank you for your service to our nation ; your support for my strategy to restore U.S. leadership. 
It was great to have speaking to caucus-goers at our Reno office this weekend! 
Obama Administration has allowed America’s naval power to decay. Vice Admiral Bill Burke on how I’ll restore it: 
Looking for more college campus leaders like Jimmy! Sign up:  
Samantha, you can join the team here:  We’d love to have you! 
"Right now, this nation hungers for leadership." — Colonel Jay Vargas, Medal of Honor Recipient
You’re invited: RSVP for your chance to join me for dinner on the campaign trail, all-expenses paid. 
We face a stark choice: rebuild our military ; start leading again, or allow our global influence to further erode. 
Americans don’t need lectures on compassion from ; who have failed to address Syrian conflict 
We need a commander-in-chief who is ready to lead on day one. I’m ready.
This is the war of our time, and a struggle that will determine the fate of the free world. Here’s the path forward: 
These men and women are the future of our nation. As commander-in-chief, I’ll have their back.
ISIS has declared war on us and we’re treating it like a law enforcement exercise.
Read my new op-ed on the need to restore our role as leader of the free world and rebuild our military forces: 
Radical Islamic terrorists despise freedom ; everything we stand for. We must be vigilant in protecting the homeland
Americans have had enough of poll-tested politicians like That's not leadership.
We must be resolute in this fight, but that doesn't mean abandoning American values.
Breakfast of champions at 
Headed from to at 720. Talking horror in Mali ; need to defeat radical Islamic terror 
 thank you!
 That's not ok. But resolving this issue is a job for you and your fellow passengers not the government
 good to meet you. Jokes were funny-ish!
 was a great town hall. Look forward to getting back to Londonderry soon
Ready to lead.
It was a privilege to be there, Tom. Thank you for your service in the 
Latest piece of evidence that Obamacare must be repealed:  My plan to repeal ; replace it: 
Praying for the recent victims of Palestinian terror. We must stand with Israel, and against all forms of terror. 
Set a new precedent at yesterday. You can’t give a speech to cadets without first doing some PT: 
Taking questions at our town hall in Londonderry, NH tonight. Stop by if you’re in the area: 
I thank these top American military leaders for their support, but more importantly, for their service. 
It’s official. I filed for the New Hampshire primary  today. Let’s go win this thing! 
🐘🐘🐢 
Dunkin drive thru  Caught up with Victoria and Jacqueline about school. 
I'm in. God Bless America. 
Thanks for hosting, Jeremy! 
Best place for an interview with  Dunkin drive-thru in Concord. Filing at NH state house next! 
Touring Dynamic Network Services in NH, a tech company at the forefront of American innovation. 
Couldn’t have asked for a better audience yesterday. Leaders dedicated to this country's future. 
Humbled to have the support of these Medal of Honor recipients ; American heroes. Watch our new video:
Defending our national interests always involves risk, but greatest risk of all is the risk of military inferiority 
The fate of millions and the cause of human freedom itself all depend on the decisions we make in the coming years. 
We can’t withdraw from this threat or negotiate with it. We have one choice: Defeat it.
We don’t need to be the world’s policemen, but we must restore our place as the leader of the free world. 
I will work with Congress to rebuild our military forces: 40,000 more active-duty soldiers and 4,000 more Marines. 
Next president will take office after an 8-year drawdown of American military power. My plan to restore it: 
We will not allow our pilots to fly 20th century aircraft into the face of 21st-Century air defenses. 
 defense cuts have weakened our standing in the world ; undermined our national security. I’ll restore them. 
Paris attacks are a reminder of what’s at stake in this election. We are choosing the leader of the free world.
Spent some time with two American heroes before taking the stage, Lt Gen Rosa ; Captain Paluso. 
It was a privilege to address the cadets at The Citadel today. Read my remarks here:  
Today at The Citadel, I’ll share my plan to defeat ISIS ; rebuild our military. Watch live at 12 PM ET: 
We need a fierce force to defeat ISIS. This is not a law enforcement exercise.
We must restore American leadership. That requires restoring our armed forces. 
 approach to ISIS is nothing but wishful thinking. America must step up and lead.
In The Citadel spirit, got to the Parade Deck early this AM and went for a run w/ the Summerall Guards. Go Bulldogs! 
 comments sum up the left's distorted view of barbaric Islamic terrorism.
Want to grab dinner? Add your name for your chance to win:  
Stay tuned for my speech at The Citadel tomorrow on rebuilding our military in light of Paris attacks. 
 is a good, conservative, policy-focused governor. Am confident he will continue to play an important role in the party
Clinton wants us to "empathize" with terrorists. Kerry sees "rationale." Wrong. This is a barbaric ideology. 
A terrorist caliphate the size of Indiana can’t be contained. It must be destroyed. 
Today in South Carolina, I spoke about the leadership role America must play to defeat ISIS. Watch:
Thanks for the welcome and the BBQ 
The story you missed about when we cut to commercial break at the debate: 
If America doesn’t lead, who will? couldn’t be more wrong on this. Here’s the contrast:
I was on ; yesterday to call for a strategy to destroy ISIS. Watch:
Taking our campaign to the Palmetto State today. Meet me on the trail —&gt; 
We can either continue weak foreign policy, or we can change course. That’s the choice in 2016.
Instead of cutting benefits for poor retirees, Jeb proposes raising them 
We need to start leading again. In August, I laid out a strategy to defeat ISIS. needs to follow suit.
Now is the time to boost our intelligence efforts – that includes restoring the NSA Metadata program to keep us safe
Unlike Obama Administration, I stood up for the intelligence community: 
CIA Director is warning Congress weakened NSA, but President Obama was the one who signed the bill into law. 
Congrats newly elected Chairman. And thank you for your leadership in fighting federal overreach.
 ; think mullahs go quietly into the night. Reality check: They don’t.
We should have no empathy for radical Islamic terrorists. We should destroy them – plain and simple.
President Obama doesn’t understand we are at war. Defeating ISIS requires America leading and America winning. 
Obama Admin has no strategy to defeat ISIS but is obsessed with closing Gitmo. This is Alice in Wonderland logic.
ICYMI: I joined on Sunday to call for American leadership ; outline a strategy to defeat ISIS. Watch:
For generations, American-led alliances have defended freedom. This is the only way forward.
We have to be in this fight, there is no other option. We can’t run out the clock on ISIS, we need to take them out
This isn’t a law enforcement exercise. We must declare war on ISIS.
A policy of containment isn’t going to stop ISIS that’s growing like a pandemic across the Middle East.
This is our fight. Defeating ISIS requires the strength, unity ; resolve that only American leadership can provide. 
If you’re ready for a president who believes in US leadership, you didn’t find one at tonight’s  Join us: 
I addressed this at the Reagan Library in August. Threat of radical Islamic terrorism demands US leadership. 
Yes, we are at war with radical Islamic terrorism. 
ISIS is Assad's responsibility? Clinton proposes more leading from behind. World needs us to lead from front. 
A powerful message from our academies. There is no doubt, our armed forces will stand with France. 
I'll be on at 9 AM ET tomorrow ; to discuss Paris terrorist attacks ; need for US leadership. Hope you can tune in.
The terror attack in Paris is part of an organized effort to destroy Western Civilization and we must defeat it 
Praying for Paris tonight. America will stand with you against terror.
 grades on a curve apparently when she says should earn an A. — Jeb at 
Back in the stomping grounds. Looking forward to reuniting with Floridians for the Sunshine Summit! Watch live: 
Stopped by Franklin VFW this AM to talk about the need to take care of our veterans ; restore American leadership. 
Another cute supporter. Get a onesie for your little one here:  
When it comes to Obama-era regulations — we need to repeal every single one of them.
Are you in? Join us today: 
This was a first. 
Always great to be in Michigan — I’ll be back soon! 
  taking every ? from education to heroin barn, well done  
Heading back to the Granite State tonight! RSVP for our town hall in Franklin tomorrow —&gt; 
It was a privilege to have Colonel Leo K. Thorsness with us in IA yesterday. Honored to have him on our team. 
In a Admin., "the losers will be the poor parents and children who Democrats claim to represent." 
Why doesn’t care about families trapped in failing schools? I discussed w/ this AM 
Cheers! Thanks for hosting us. 
Can’t make my town hall in Grand Rapids? We have you covered. Watch live here: 
Heroes like Capt. Groberg are the reason we’re the greatest country in the history of the world. Thank you for your service. 
The Waukee Fire Department was a great spot for our Veterans Day town hall in Iowa. Thanks for hosting 
Back in Pure Michigan today. RSVP for my town hall in Grand Rapids this afternoon: 
Apologies to die-hard Cyclone fan but the Hawkeye hat made an appearance on the campaign trail.
We should all agree that it’s time to put an end to the VA’s incompetence. That’s what I’ll do as president.
 Door knocking through the rain in Dover with the UNH for Jeb team   
 ; don’t believe in American leadership. I do.
We put together a few of our favorite moments from last night’s debate ; can’t decide on a favorite. Vote here: 
I’m humbled to have Sen. Bob Dole’s support ; grateful for his service. An American hero with a remarkable story: 
My Dad is the greatest man I’ve ever known. Today, I’m incredibly proud of him and all our veterans. 
I’m heading to Michigan tomorrow. RSVP for our town hall in Grand Rapids here: 
A tribute to Dad and all those who have worn the uniform to defend our freedoms:  
I took the fight to last night. Vote on your favorite moment here: 
Spent the morning meeting veterans in Iowa and serving coffee. Appreciate for honoring those who have served. 
Last night, I drew a clear contrast between my conservative vision ; failed policies. Watch:
Honored to welcome Sen Bob Dole to the team as National Veterans' Chairman. Thankful for his service to our country. 
Iowa friends: I’m heading to HyVee in Johnston for  breakfast! Swing by: 
God bless those who have served ; their families. Today ; every day, we thank you for the sacrifices you’ve made. 
Milwaukee's Best:
Help me build on tonight’s  by joining the team now: 
If you agree it's time for a commander-in-chief, not a divider-in-chief, join us today: 
Jeb: We Need a Commander-In-Chief That Will Respect Our Veterans 
 ; think we should lock up our energy resources. Jeb will embrace them.  
 will double-down on failed policies. Jeb will get the economy back on track.  
Commercial break! Check out our online store ; get 10% off before midnight.  
Vast DC overreach has created a huge problem for this country. wants to double-down on that. - Jeb 
 and don't believe in American leadership. Jeb will restore it.  
Syrian Americans and families like Nora's are waiting for America to step up and lead. 
"We're not going to be the world's policeman, but we sure as heck better be the world's leader." - Jeb 
American leadership is desperately needed right now. Jeb will restore it.  
 wants a top-down economy. Jeb will give money back to American families.  
 doesn't believe we can grow at greater than 2%, Jeb does.  
Here's what Jeb's tax plan means to Reagan in South Carolina:   
Awesome! Here's where you can donate, too:  
Ronald Reagan had it right. Jeb will lower the top tax bracket to 28%.  
Jeb would have to disagree,  
Hillary Clinton thinks Obama economy is good enough. I don't. We can do better.  
Hillary Gives Obama an "A" -- Really? 
This economy might be the best Hillary can do but its not the best America can do. 
"We need to repeal every rule Barack Obama has in progress." - Jeb 
DC is broken ; Jeb is a proven conservative reformer with a plan to fix it. Join us:  
Thanks for coming out! 
Handing my feed over to 
Less than an hour to go! Chip in just $1 right now to show your support before tonight’s debate: 
New pre-debate ritual: Bocce ball. 
I believe America’s best days are not behind us, but squarely in front of us —  if we elect the right leadership.
Thanks Lauren! Join our  team too -&gt;  
"That is a conservative record." - 
Show you’re  tonight ; get 10% off at our online store with promo code “DEBATESALE” 
Nice! Join our  team -&gt;  
If we ever look on heaven's scenes, we'll find they're guarded by U.S Marines. Happy Birthday and Semper Fi! 
Dictators, whether Iranian Mullahs or Cuban despots, do not go quietly into the night. I’ll stand up to them. 
What issues do you want discussed at tonight’s  Take our quick survey: 
It’s Gameday. Join our official  team —&gt; 
Our  students made over 1,000 calls on Saturday. Highest caller goes to Get involved here: 
Inspired by the WI families ; I met today. Amazing stories of families given hope through school choice. 
Distorting the role charter schools play in transforming lives in order to placate the teachers unions is beyond the pale,
We will be back in New Hampshire this Friday. RSVP ; join the team: 
Ed reforms we achieved in Florida: School choiceAccountabilityMerit pay Tripled # of charter schoolsTook on the teachers unions ; won.
In Florida, we didn’t just talk about conservative education reform. We did it. Watch:
Gotta do it.  
To-do list from the Iowa field office: 
Looking forward to joining ; Hispanics for School Choice today at a Wisconsin charter school to talk education reform.
300,000 FL kids are in school choice programs b/c of our reforms. We can achieve the same results across the country 
We must continue fighting for school choice so that more students like Denisha have the opportunity to rise.
94 forms are still available only in paper. In 2015. DC incompetence in a nutshell. 
Federal govt has spent $1 bil (!!) to modernize immigration process ; all they have to show for it is 1 online form 
Heading back to Iowa this week. Check out some of the highlights from my last trip: 
We were happy to have ; a great group of volunteers hitting the trail in Las Vegas this weekend. 
Take our debate questions survey to tell the moderators what real issues they should address: 
Our dedicated volunteers ;  students in Iowa made Super Saturday a success! 
Thanks for your signature, Sarah! 
Sneak peek: Go behind the scenes on our New Hampshire bus tour.
The waiters had a little fun with me this AM.  
We need a doer, not a talker in the White House. Join me today: 
Koozies, hoodies ; more. Show your support with our fall gameday gear: 
Meeting voters, making new friends ; sneaking a couple of M;Ms. Here’s what really happened on this week’s bus tour.
Hopeful  will rule once and for all that Obamacare violates religious liberty. Add your name if you agree: 
If it is Friday, it’s high school football time. God bless America.
 on a whole new level. An all-access, behind-the-scenes look at our bus tour through New Hampshire.
Joined to discuss  ; President Obama’s decision to put politics before American jobs. Watch:
The little known story of Jimmy Buffett and the Attack of the Palmetto Bug (and my veto pen): 
The best emails I got as Florida’s governor were from the younger crowd. 
Teachers unions fought us every step of the way, but Florida led the nation in providing families school choice.
The Obama Admin's politically motivated rejection of the Keystone XL Pipeline is a self-inflicted attack on the U.S. economy and jobs.
In FL, we didn’t solve problems by talking about them. We went to work ; fixed what was broken. That's leadership.
Disagree with debate rules that prevent voice from being heard - his foreign policy message is an important one in particular
Sign up to be one of them —&gt;  
Strong senior pic from Minnesotan high school graduating class of 2016. Thanks for emailing me a copy! 
FL led the nation in small business creation when I was governor. Together, we can unleash America’s entrepreneurial spirit again.
What do James Brown ; Harrison Ford have in common? Find out here: 
So many Americans would be better off if we had a leader in Washington committed to tackling the challenges we face.
Our South Carolina  students made 1,000+ calls over pizza last night! 
Joined last night to talk about how I'll apply leadership skills to fix complex issues in DC. Watch:
The Wright Museum of WWII in Wolfeboro, NH was an awesome spot for last night’s town hall. 
Loved the welcome sign from students. Thanks for talking education reform with me! 
Last night in New Hampshire, I talked about how I’ll roll up my sleeves, get to work ; lead as president.
Denisha is the 1st in her family to graduate high school b/c of FL school choice. Happy to have her w/us in NH today 
Thanks to Vahrij Manoukian, owner of Hollis Pharmacy in NH, for hosting us this morning. Appreciate the hospitality! 
Still inspired by your story, Kirsty 
Today is former First Lady birthday. Sign her card:  
Spent some time under the Friday Night Lights with an inspiring community.
Fall colors in Carroll County, New Hampshire 
As I’ve said, Mullahs don’t go quietly into the night. No surprise Iran continues to threaten US ; Israel. 
Saw this USA TODAY story on the bus...worried a few of our campaign staffers have this affliction 
As governor, we tripled the number of charter schools like The Founders Academy I visited in NH this morning. 
On the road in New Hampshire! Another beautiful fall day. RSVP to meet me at our next stop:  
On the bus with the dean of the NH press corps 
New video today features an email that resonated with me, about giving more kids the chance to succeed. Watch here:
No child should be stuck in a failing school. We put students 1st in FL, it’s past time we do the same across the US 
 WATCH LIVE: interviews on campaign bus in New Hampshire  
FL  changed the lives of thousands of students like Denisha. Today she joins me in NH to tell that story:
Great night for Virginia Republicans - State Senate stays red. Congrats
Congrats to on victory tonight! I'm confident he'll continue to advance conservative reforms in MS.
Big congrats to on his reelection. Proven conservative leader focused on creating jobs ; opportunity in MS.
 sent you some guidance
Congrats Governor
 email je with the details
Having a spirited discussion about cutting spending...and the Sox... in Raymond, NH 
First leg of New Hampshire bus tour. Not sure why I had to sit next to 
Awesome setting for a no BS BBQ in NH.  Thanks for the dogs 
After 4 hurricanes in 44 days, I earned a new nickname: 
 it was great meeting you ; visiting Thanks for the introduction! 
If there’s an election in your state today, please make your voice heard ; support GOP candidates on the ballot. Go vote! 
Heading back to New Hampshire tonight. Stop by my town hall in Raymond: 
After 7 years of historic cuts to our military, we need a president who prioritizes our national defense again. 
Some of the most inspiring emails I received as governor were from the families of those who had given everything:
This election isn't about a set of personalities. It’s about a set of principles. It’s about leadership.
If you missed my interview with last night, here’s a recap:
Thanks for joining us this morning! 
In FL, we called earmarks "turkeys." I took on both parties to cut them ; I'll do it in DC:  
Packed house this morning in Tampa! Let’s go win this thing. 
Thanks to FL House Speaker Designate for joining the team and the spirited intro this AM!
US manufacturers getting crushed by terrible Obama policies:  I can fix this, create 1m jobs. 
As governor, I fought tirelessly for those less able to fight for themselves. I’ll do the same as president. 
Sorry, but the purple tie isn’t going anywhere. 
Stopped by Conductive Education Center to talk about empowering the disabled. Met a supporter wearing Dad’s socks. 
Thanks for your confidence and this thoughtful endorsement. Can’t wait to try your home brew. 
Together, we can take the same record of success to DC.
You can find that story here in three chapters: service, leadership and conservatism. 
Today kicks off a three state tour, telling the story of my governorship through my emails with constituents.
"I turned the political culture of Tallahassee upside down. I’m putting The Beltway on notice. I’ll turn Washington upside down too." - Jeb
"After 7 years of incompetence, corruption and gridlock in Washington, we need a president who can fix it. I can fix it." - Jeb
"You can’t just tell Congress…“You’re Fired”… and go to a commercial break." - Jeb
"I believe America’s best days are not behind us, but squarely in front of us. If we elect the right leadership.” - Jeb
This president has "sliced and diced the electorate by class, income, grievance and creed." - Jeb
The Florida story: "Reforming government. Disrupting the status quo. Challenging the special interests. Restoring opportunity." - Jeb
This morning at a rally in Tampa, I’ll outline what’s at stake in 2016 ; how to fix the mess in DC. Watch live: 
What this country needs right now is leadership.
Thanks ; for joining me at epic v rivalry game. It was a blast.
This group knocked on 500+ doors on a rainy day in South Carolina today. Thanks for your hard work! 
In Iowa this weekend, I talked about leadership ; how to fight established DC interests to fix what's broken. 
Fred Thompson lived an amazing life, he will be sorely missed. Columba and my prayers are with Jeri and his his kids ; grandkids
We need a president who is a public servant at heart.
I hope you’ll join me for a rally in Tampa tomorrow. RSVP here:  
Reunited with the Punta Gorda community at Charlotte High School football game on Friday. 
The challenges of running for president are nothing compared to being president, and I'm fighting for both.
My record as a conservative reformer is a clear contrast to record of no accomplishments.
We can’t just give up ; settle for gridlock in Washington. I’m running for president because I know I can fix it.
Have a safe and happy Halloween! TBD on whether I bring back the NASCAR costume from 2003 tonight. 
The glue that "helped bring our community back together."
Brought back to his hometown to talk 2016. Awesome view. Tune in tomorrow. 
2 teams, 1 fierce rivalry ; the hurricane that brought them together. Still inspired by this community's strength. 
Had a great time at the candidate cafe yesterday in New Hampshire. Thanks for having me  
Friday Night Lights 
Tailgate time at Charlotte High School. Reuniting with a community devastated by Hurricane Charley 11 years ago. 
This is what public service is all about — supporting communities in need and bringing people together.
Performing the opening coin toss at the “Hurricane Bowl” was one of the highlights of my life. Here’s why: 
“We just had such a sense of assurance in our leadership..I haven’t felt that assurance since in any govt officials” 
11 yrs ago today we celebrated communities divided by a river, united by a storm. Excited to tailgate there tonight. 
A story of how decisive, hands-on, committed leadership can unite in times of crisis ; heal broken communities: 
Last night in NH, I talked about how we need to apply conservative principles ; start fixing complex issues.
Thanks to the college students who joined our endorsement rally with Sen. Judd Gregg in Portsmouth, NH. 
I have a proven record of achieving conservative reforms ; I’m taking that message to IA, NH ; beyond. Join me: 
Thanks for coming out! 
Awesome crowd tonight! Great reception to my record of results in FL: 1.3 million new jobs, $19 billion in tax cuts. 
Real issue w/fantasy football is when your best player scores against your home team. I want  to have 5 TDs only if Tannehill gets 6.
“I hope you want someone with a servant's heart going to DC. Someone who can actually fix the things that are broken.” - Jeb in NH
Under my leadership, FL earned its AAA credit rating for 1st time. Contrast that with failed Obama/Clinton record. 
Stark contrast between my record as a conservative reformer ; lack of accomplishments.
Next stop: New London, NH. Swing by my town hall at 7:00 pm —&gt; 
Couldn’t ask for a more beautiful day on the trail here in New Hampshire. 
It’s an honor to welcome former New Hampshire Senator Judd Gregg to our team today.
1.3 mil new jobs. $19 bil in tax relief. $2 bil in spending cuts. That’s the message I’m sharing in NH today. 
Big congrats to – someone who I am confident will lead on conservative reforms that make a difference for all Americans.
I’ll be in Portsmouth, NH for a town hall this afternoon and it’s not too late to RSVP: 
Back on the trail in New Hampshire today telling my story of conservative reform ; delivering results. Join me: 
Jeb's record speaks for itself. 
Families like Rhonda's, who will use the money saved from Jeb's tax plan to pay for her daughter's education. 
Jeb's tax plan will help families that are struggling to make ends meet: 
Jeb proved once again he’s the only candidate with the leadership and record to fix DC. Join the team: 
Jeb: America is at a crossroads. The DC politicians continue to make things worse. I have a proven record of success. 
We don’t need to settle for the Democrats' “new normal” of slow growth. We can fix this.  
Learn about Jeb's plan to preserve ; protect Medicare ; Social Security for future generations:  
We need to get Washington out of the way so that every American has the opportunity to rise up.  
Jeb: It's always the solution from the left to create more government. It's broken and it isn't working. 
"Elect me so I can fight for the American people." - Jeb  
Here's how Reagan from South Carolina would benefit from Jeb's tax plan.  
"The simple fact is that my plan actually gives the middle-class the greatest break." - Jeb 
Let’s face it, Washington is broken. We need a problem-solver like Jeb with a record of results.  
Anyone find a Democrat that's for cutting spending $10 yet?  
Jeb: You don’t have to guess if I’ll cut taxes. I have a record.  
The Obama/Clinton agenda has failed. We need conservative policies ; Jeb’s the only one who can deliver.  
French Work Week vs. Real Accomplishments.  
To see the policies Jeb just laid out, visit  
We have enough talkers in DC. We need a proven leader who can get the job done.  
Jeb's detailed tax plan puts $2,000 back in the pockets of the average middle-class family. 
Jeb has a clear plan ; conservative vision to reform Washington ; jumpstart the anemic Obama economy.  
Got my debating boots on!  
Join us and follow along for tonight’s  here —&gt; 
Handing my feed over to 
We can’t afford four more years of the failed Obama-Clinton agenda. 
Before I take the stage for tonight’s  chip in $1 to let me know you’re with me: 
This is why I’m running for president. 
There’s a lot of people talking and they’re pretty good at it. We need to start fixing things.
Checking out my podium for tonight’s  Only a few more hours to go! 
If you’re on my team for tonight’s  add your name ; let me know here —&gt; 
After tonight’s  it’s back to New Hampshire tomorrow. RSVP for an event near you:  
We need proven, tested leadership of delivering conservative reforms. I did it in FL, I’ll do it in DC. 
Higher taxes. Big government. Failed leadership abroad. That’s agenda in a nutshell. 
My record: 8 balanced budgets. 8 years of tax cuts. $8 billion in new budget reserves. 
It’s outrageous for to dismiss ongoing problems at the incompetent VA. Our veterans deserve better.
Clear contrast between my record as a conservative reformer ; ; record of failure.
Get a behind the scenes look at my time as governor ; a preview of my upcoming e-book, Reply All: 
My goal as governor was to make Florida a better place to live, work ; raise a family. We made every minute count.
I have a proven record of fixing programs like Medicaid. Solving this problem involves an honest conversation: 
As Gov, I gave out my email address ; told the people of FL to use it. Needless to say, my inbox was pretty full.
Honored to have the support of a tireless advocate for fiscal responsibility ; entitlement reform — Alan Simpson. 
The best way to prepare for the  A morning hike at Eldorado Canyon State Park with veterans. 
Hillary denying the VA has a problem is an insult to our vets. We need to make fixing the VA a priority and I plan to do just that.
The status-quo isn’t sustainable. It’s time to stop kicking the can down the road ; fix entitlement programs. 
Today I’m announcing my plan to preserve, protect ; reform Medicare ; Social Security: 
Return of Ex-Im w/o real reform is return to bad policy of DC picking winners ; losers. I'll end it.
Public service is about making a difference in people’s lives. That's what we did in FL:  
Heading back to the Granite State this week. Join the team —&gt;  
With your help, we’ll put one in the Oval Office in 2016 —&gt; 
We need principled, conservative leadership on foreign policy. Job  Restore US-Israel alliance.
From conservative education reforms to $19 billion in tax cuts, we made every second count:  
As Governor, every day I responded to emails from Floridians. I listened, learned ; answered  
Discussed the need to restore US-Israel alliance at town hall this weekend. Watch:
When I was Governor, a clock sat on my desk counting down the minutes I had left to serve the people of Florida.
Iowa friends: Less than 100 days to go! Commit to caucus today —&gt;  
Appreciate your support. 
How’s your fantasy football team looking? Can’t help bragging about mine.
Thanks for your help yesterday. Happy to have you on the team. 
 That time when you look down and realize is wearing your dad’s socks…
 on my case for religious liberty:  1st Amendment is a fundamental freedom of civic society.
Thanks to the students who joined our conversation on religious liberty ; Dr. Pat Robertson for hosting. 
Had a great time at this morning’s town hall on Daniel Island, SC. Thanks for having me 
Surreal moment touring USS Yorktown ; the flight deck in Mt. Pleasant, SC last night. 
Democrats ; believe you can’t act on your faith or your conscience. It’s wrong on all levels.
Raising a glass with SC veterans at in Mt. Pleasant. Here’s to victory in the Palmetto State! 
 Gov. Jeb Bush is enjoying the sunset on the  His father flew TBM Avengers off aircraft carriers in WWII htt…
“Fraying US-Israel Ties.” Obama/Clinton lost Israel’s trust. I will restore a strong relationship with our ally. 
Proud to announce our new coalition of political ; religious leaders committed to protecting 1st Amendment: 
Join my conversation w/Dr. Pat Robertson on religious liberty ; protecting the unborn. Watch live 3 pm ET: 
Congrats to on passage of SOAR Act  this week. Every child deserves a great education by choice, not zip code.
Last chance! Add your name to win a trip to Houston to meet Dad, Mom, my brother, the rest of the family ; me: 
Our South Carolina team continues to grow. Thank you for your support 
Thanks for having me last night Appreciate all you do to advance conservatism ; economic freedom. 
In Florida we made a similar commitment and by the end of my term, 80% of assistance applications were made online.
Gov’t should be accessible ; easy for public to interact with. New web design standards are a good step forward. 
The Syrian people and families like Nora’s are watching and waiting for America to step up and lead.
President Obama vetoes funding for our troops overseas ; their families here at home — all for petty political gain. Shameful.
Iowa: Did you commit to caucus yet? Add your name now:  
Welcome to the team! 
Thank you for your support. 
Best of luck to my friends and for a fantastic  Thank you for carrying the torch. 
The Obama-Clinton-Kerry team’s foreign policy legacy:
3 yrs ago today Obama sneered at with "80s want their foreign policy back" As Putin/Assad meet, clear we need US leadership back
Benghazi security failures were a stunning example of an incompetent foreign policy. role as SOS deserves scrutiny today.
Tune in for my conversation w on creating opportunity ; economic freedom. Watch live 6:00 PM PST: 
Allowing Iran, Russia ; Syria to advance in Middle East is neither smart nor powerful. 
Disturbed that is having a photo op where he's using funding for our troops as bargaining chips. 
I’ll reverse overreaching policies like  that give unelected EPA bureaucrats control over private land. 
While the rest of America has struggled, Washington has become America’s new boomtown. 
The Obama-Clinton-Kerry team’s pattern of diplomatic scolding of Israel is deeply disturbing.
As president, I’ll reverse massive federal land grab ; unlock economic opportunity. 
Government should be closest to the people affected by its decisions. Let’s move out West. 
In Reno today announcing my Western policy proposal ; how to rein in federal overreach. 
Obama Admin emboldens our enemies ; attacks our friends. America must lead ; stand with Israel.
As president, I’ll restore American leadership ; rebuild our alliance with the brave State of Israel. 
Met Susan ; Lisa when they were a few years shy of voting age. Now they're  as Florida campus chairs. 
My conservative health care plan promotes innovation, lowers costs ; returns power to states  
Americans are fed up with the incompetent VA. Our veterans deserve better. As president, I’ll reform entire system. 
Heading back to Nevada tomorrow. One of the highlights from my last trip:
It’s the middle class who is paying the price for the progressive agenda of crony capitalism ; big government. 
We need a President who will have the resolve to take on the terrorists and restore America’s position in the world. 
Trump’s bluster overcompensates for a shocking lack of knowledge on the complex national security challenges we face 
The dangerous Iran deal is legitimizing the largest state sponsor of terror in the world ; threatening Israel.
Trump’s comments have exposed a clear choice on national security. Read my new op-ed in 
God bless the late Sybil Stockdale. Her courage was a powerful reminder of the strength of our military families. 
As president, I'll use all the powers of my office to disrupt the political culture of a dysfunctional DC.
 is wrong. There's no moral equivalence between Palestinian terror ; Israel defending itself.
Nevada friends — hope you can join on Wednesday! 
President Obama’s threat to veto defense bill treats our troops as bargaining chips for more Washington spending. 
We need a foreign policy strategy that projects U.S. leadership. doesn’t have one.
Appreciate your help and support 
We should be clear: There is no moral equivalence between Palestinian terror and Israel defending itself. 
Looking forward to heading back west this week. See you soon, Nevada!
Here's how I'll shake up Washington: End corporate welfare. Balance the budget. Bold tax reform. Regulatory reform.
Tune in for my conversation w at 10 PM ET about the need for US leadership in defeating terror around the world.
 said you can’t act on your faith, you can’t act on your conscience, that’s just wrong.
While American families struggle in the Obama economy, Washington is doing just fine. It’s time to clean house.
Ending crony capitalism requires regulatory reform and a complete rewriting of the tax code. 
Can't help bragging on my fantasy football team. Should've formed a league with other GOP candidates.
Growth of government ; debt is coming at the expense of taxpayers who are losing ground in a weak economy. 
NEW: My brother is in. Are you? Add your name to meet the family in Houston:  
Excited to announce the 40 new members of our Iowa leadership team: 
Great trip to New Hampshire last week. Check out a few of the highlights: 
We can shake up Washington by putting an end to corporate welfare and enacting commonsense, conservative reforms.
New op-ed on how I’ll end crony capitalism and disrupt the political culture of a self-serving DC. 
Palestinian leaders must condemn and act to stop such horrific attacks. There are no excuses for tolerating violence against innocents.
Nora’s story is powerful and a reminder of why American leadership is so badly needed. Appreciate her support.
Proud of ; for their efforts to promote domestic violence awareness:  
 is a monster. My number one fantasy football pick. 
Donald Trump talks about foreign policy as though he’s still on The Apprentice: 
Our national security isn’t a reality TV show.
 absurd comments again raise questions on whether he possesses the judgment to be President:
Enjoyed my 3 days on the trail in New Hampshire this week. Fall was in full swing. I’ll be back soon! 
Highlights from the Tennessee v UGA game last weekend start with Smokey ; UGA X.
I’m working hard to earn every vote, including on college campuses. Join me today:  
How pathetic for to criticize the president for 9/11.  We were attacked ; my brother kept us safe.
Honored to have the support of ; a full slate of delegates in Tennessee. 
Thanks to everyone who joined us in NH yesterday for a meaningful conversation on domestic violence prevention. 
1,100 endorsements strong. Add yours:  
Our grassroots organization is growing day by day. Learn more ; join us: 
Obama Administration argues we need to avoid conflict with Russia. Well, maybe Russia should avoid conflict with us.
Iran tests missiles threatening Israel, shows off missile bases, doubles down in Syria ; preaches death to America/Israel. "Smart power?"
Hanging out pre-show with the better halves of Sorry, 
It’s past time for Obama Admin to call on Palestinian leadership to stop incitement, combat terrorism, and accept Israel’s right to exist.
Welcome to the team 
 happy to have you on board. 
The reviews are in: “best plan in the field.” Learn more:  
If is committed to fighting terrorism and securing a stable Afghanistan, it’s time to give our military commanders what they need.
People don’t believe their government works for them. But that doesn’t mean it can’t be the way it should be.
Iowa: Want to make a difference on your college campus? Sign up to be a campus leader ; join the team: 
My plan addresses the root causes of higher health care costs – something Obamacare utterly failed to do. 
I’m a space nerd, so the McAuliffe-Shepard Center was a cool place for a town hall. Thanks to all who joined us. 
Town hall in Concord, New Hampshire starting shortly! Watch live here at 7:00 pm ET: 
The National Review on my health care plan: 
Last night, doubled-down on the failed Obama-Clinton foreign policy of retreat from the world stage.
We can’t afford 4 more years of the failed Obama-Clinton policies you heard a lot of last night. Join me: 
It’s not too late to RSVP for my town hall in Concord, NH tonight (or just stop by at 7:00 pm). 
Good to see and her family again. Special moment when her daughter led the Pledge of Allegiance. 
A good read on my plan to repeal Obamacare and address high health care costs via  
Another great town hall in New Hampshire last night! 
You don’t get beautiful fall days like this in Miami. Ready for day 2 on the trail in New Hampshire. 
Honored to welcome New Hampshire State Senator Chuck Morse to the team. 
Bacon, eggs and the morning paper at the Fort in Lebanon, NH this morning. 
This says it all about the Obama-Clinton foreign policy: “The United States will not lead this.” -
“I never took a position on Keystone until I took a position on Keystone.” - What?
It’s clear the Democrats on stage tonight are running for Obama’s 3rd term. Join me if you’re ready to stop them: 
If you think this country is on the wrong track, Hillary Clinton just told you she has no interest in changing direction. I sure will.
Sec. Clinton might be the only person who thinks the Obama/Clinton foreign policy has been a success. "Smart power at its best" Seriously?
There’s no way that ; progressive liberals can take away the bigness of this place. 
 position on the Keystone XL Pipeline earns a “give me a break.” 
I wouldn't worry about antagonizing the Russians, for starters. They should worry about antagonizing us. 
Happy Birthday Thankful for all those who have served, including Dad ;  
 on my plan to replace Obamacare:  
 and would double-down on Obamacare ; its failures. My plan:  
My Reform ; Growth plan will create more jobs ; opportunities for today’s younger generation. 
At tonight’s  needs to explain her support for the disastrous Iran Deal.
Obamacare epitomizes why Americans are so fed up with Washington. My plan to repeal ; replace it: 
What's your number one question for for tonight's debate? Vote now:  
 – thanks for showing your support! 
Today in NH, I announced my plan to repeal ; replace Obamacare. Read about it here:  
New in My plan to repeal Obamacare ; replace it with conservative reforms that lower costs. 
About to take the stage to announce my health care plan to lower costs ; give power back to the states. Watch live: 
 thanks for tailgating with me on Saturday. Had a blast.
Thanks to all the college students who joined me on the trail in Iowa last week. 
These guys are working my kind of hours!!  
  attacks on the   
Was lucky to see Coach Spurrier's passion, courage, and visor tossing up close over the years. What a career for the Head Ball Coach.
Something missing from your Saturday Gameday routine? Get your free Jeb Koozie today. 
Before takes the stage tomorrow night, let us know what you would ask her:  
The perfect fall hoodie for volunteering on the trail: 
Excited to be heading back to the Granite State this week. Join our NH team ; RSVP for an event near you: 
We can achieve 4% economic growth with the right policies. 
President Obama needs to stand up and show leadership in the Middle East. 
Met a few of our Iowa volunteers last week. Sign up to join them ; meet me on the trail:  
Our Illinois team continues to grow. Welcoming these current and former state legislators to the team: 
Members of Congress shouldn’t get paid if they don’t show up for work. It’s that simple.
 is rewriting her history of weakness and wrong choices on Iran.
Keep an eye on your mailbox One’s on the way. Thank you for your incredible service to our country.
After Obama’s terrible Iran deal and appeasement, am dismayed but unsurprised by Tehran’s conviction of Jason Rezaian. A travesty.
Awesome picture. Thanks for showing your support in North Carolina!  
Congress should have shown a backbone and supported strikes in Syria two years ago.
Introducing new store products for Fall. Get your Gameday items, including this sweatshirt.  
I’m unveiling my plan to repeal Obamacare tomorrow in Manchester, NH. RSVP to join: 
Rather than address ISIS/Assad's brutality ; terror, Obama said leadership is shown on climate change ; terrible Iran deal. Unreal.
Obama's defeatist 60 Minutes interview revealed his complete lack of interest in addressing ISIS/Assad and submission to Putin in region.
 thanks for joining the team ; spreading the word. Glad to have you on board. 
Dad was first baseman in college. Took him all this time to figure out he was a pitcher. Nice W ‘stros! 
Some supporters got a sneak peek at our new store items. Coming soon... 
Thanks for introducing me to Smokey. 
Big upset in the Red River Showdown 
Loving the new paint job on “The Rock” in Knoxville.
Coach Fulmer giving me and the Vols/Dawgs scouting report 
Tailgating with Smokey and UGA IX 
 knows what public service is all about - giving back. His new book is a good weekend read: 
 we are so grateful to have you on the team. Thanks for all you do. 
Read about my record of taking on the unions and upending the broken political culture in Florida 
 thanks for stopping by Pizza Ranch. Glad we had time for a few selfies. 
Obama wants our allies to go to Putin for energy.  
The barriers right now on people rising up is the great challenge of our time.
 will continue failed tax-and-spend policies. Here’s my plan: 
The President’s extreme, anti-US energy veto threat will increase bills for families and cost jobs.  
Thank you, I hope you’ll consider signing up to caucus:  
How is that different from their current position? Obama has been in retreat for a long time.  
Come hang out in Houston with me, Mom ; Dad. Enter now to win an all-expenses paid trip:  
Before I head to Rocky Top, I’m setting the record straight on some of my SEC favorites.
 awww
The Reddit crowd had some weird ideas, but I might steal this one  
Ready for tailgating round 2 this weekend for the Tennessee vs UGA game!
Met up with the undefeated Geneva High Vikings ahead of their gameagainst Glenbard East tomorrow night. 
Welcoming the new members of our Nevada team: and former Sheriff Bill Young. 
Our conservative reforms are still making a difference in the lives of Floridians to this day.
What will you do with your $2,000? It’s up to you to decide – not the government.
Thanks to our volunteers hard at work making calls at our IA headquarters! Join the team:  
Taking lessons on how to work the green screen ; give a weather forecast from 
Packed house this afternoon at the Pizza Ranch in Indianola, Iowa. Thanks to everyone who came out. 
Ronald Reagan had it right.
 2006:  
Are you  in Florida? Join the team —&gt;  
Tune in for my interview with ; at 10:05 am CT.
Behind the scenes graphic design at our Iowa headquarters. 
Heading to Indianola Pizza Ranch at noon. Still time to RSVP —&gt; 
It’s time to end the tax carve out for rich liberals in blue states. 
My record: $19 billion in tax cuts. 8 balanced budgets. 1.3 million new jobs. We disrupted Tallahassee, we can disrupt D.C.
We achieved 4% economic growth in Florida. America can, too.
Heading to Knoxville this Saturday for the Tennessee vs. UGA game. See you there? RSVP:  
Awesome venue. Great coffee. Even better crowd. Thanks to everyone who joined us at the famous 
Leadership isn’t talking. It’s putting forward conservative solutions ; delivering results.  
Washington could use a little Veto Corleone.  
In Iowa today looking for more hard-working volunteers like Pieter. Join the team —&gt; 
The progressive liberal agenda? They tried it. It failed. It doesn’t work.
Grateful for and our heroic and selfless first responders. 
Sat down with 3 great entrepreneurs Fun interview:  
Had a great time at the Reagan Dinner in Bettendorf, IA last night. Thanks for hosting 
Iowa: Heading to Elly’s Tea ; Coffee in Muscatine this morning at 9 am. Swing by if you’re in the area. 
At the Scott County Republican Reagan Dinner in Bettandorf, IA. Watch my keynote speech live here shortly: 
"WH noncommittal about coming to aid of its allies” -- all you need to know about Obama-Clinton foreign policy. 
  and I would love to meet you in Houston. Add your name to be entered to win a trip to meet the family: 
As governor, I turned the political culture upside down. I’ll do the same as president. New op-ed: 
President Obama’s threat to veto funding for our troops is inconceivable. Mr. President: Stop playing politics with our national security.
My pro-growth tax plan will jumpstart the economy and unleash American prosperity.
Welcome to Team Jeb: Mayor Steve Gaer, Rep. Rob Bacon ; former Iowa Senate President Jeff Lamberti. 
Fun morning at The U talking Al Golden and the 03 Fiesta Bowl with Clay 
This is why I’m running for president:
You shouldn’t face a tax increase at the altar. My plan ends the unfair "marriage penalty." 
My tax plan boils down to this: American families should be able to keep more of their hard-earned dollars.
Heading back to Iowa tomorrow. Meet me on the trail ; RSVP for an event near you:  
My prayers are with South Carolina. Please consider donating to to support flood relief efforts: 
My tax plan gives recent college grads what they’ve been waiting for in the Obama economy: more jobs ; higher wages. 
We need a president willing to challenge the whole culture in our nation’s capital – and I mean to do it. 
 ; failed policies are holding back our younger generation. Here’s how I’ll fix it: 
Are you  in Nevada? Commit to caucus here: 
In FL, we put students ahead of the teachers' unions. just accepted their endorsement, choosing special interests instead.
One thing I keep hearing in NH: Leadership from Gov is missing and big spending policies failed.  Go
 honored to have your endorsement. Thanks for presenting my filing papers this morning. 
My tax plan puts money back in the pockets of American families. What would you do with your extra $2,000?
Prayers for more Israeli victims of Palestinian terror. Israel has a right to defend itself from these attacks and we should stand with them
Looking forward to another week on the campaign trail. Check out some of the highlights from last week: 
Prayers are with all of those impacted by Hurricane Joaquin, especially those on the El Faro and in areas suffering from massive flooding.
NEW CONTEST: We’re flying one lucky winner to Houston to meet Mom and Dad. Enter now —&gt;  
Did you get your membership card yet? Become an official, card-carrying member of the team:  
Approving  is a no-brainer. It’s time for ; to put American jobs first.
Iowa: Have you signed up to Commit to Caucus yet? Click here —&gt; 
Estonia is built for the future. The U.S. can learn from their free-market reforms ; incredible success story. 
Meet Felicity, a SC high school student ; aspiring journalist I had the privilege of speaking with this week: 
No better way to spend a fall Saturday than knocking on doors ; volunteering in your state! Sign up: 
Happy 90th Birthday to the Grand Ole Wish I could see perform today. 
More importantly, go here to support OR victims through the Greater Douglas United Way and Umpqua Bank Relief Fund: 
Liberal Dems ; some in media distorted my words to advance their agenda in wake of tragedy. It's wrong. Thx to those who set record straight
Took a few questions from Greenville’s up-and-coming journalists. 
45 days ago I outlined a specific plan to deal with Syria and ISIS, including a no-fly zone: 
Talked about the Iranian threat, SC politics, and Clemson/Notre Dame with at Stax's in Greenville 
EPA’s  mandate is another unnecessary rule hurting American working families for years to come. 
A few months ago I offered some advice to President Obama on how to deal with bullies like Putin. He didn’t listen.
Emboldened by nuke deal ; WH capitulation to Putin, Iran ups Syrian military footprint. Obama must stand up to them. 
We can't settle for 2 percent anemic growth. Unleashing the American energy revolution will get us to 4 percent.
Another disappointing jobs report. We can do so much better with conservative, pro-growth policies —&gt; 
 thank you for your support, Governor. Honored to have you on the team. 
A tragic day for our country. My heart ; prayers go out to the families of the brave Americans who lost their lives in Afghanistan.
 pumped to have you on the team!  
Compelling speech by PM Netanyahu at UN. We must restore the critical US-Israel relationship ; stand up to the growing Iranian threat.
Praying for Umpqua Community College, the victims, and families impacted by this senseless tragedy.
Announcing an important addition to the Jeb 2016 Store! Support  awareness today: 
Happiness is having on our team. Thanks for your hard work and support. 
Ronald Reagan had it right. Restoring the right to rise in America starts with overhauling our broken tax code.
Inspired by Nora's courage. America must lead. We cannot sit back and accept this slaughter.
We’re the strongest country in the history of the world. It’s time we start acting like it.
 "I was a disrupter in Florida, and I'll be a disrupter in Washington, D.C. as well." 
Thanks for having me this morning 
Tomorrow morning bright and early: catch me on live at 7 am ; at 7:25 am.
Was moved tonight by Nora's courage and the love she has shown supporting her family who recently fled ISIS and Assad 
Excited to announce our new leadership team members from Massachusetts: 
Our troops aren't bargaining chips, Funding the military must be a priority. 
It’s not too late to RSVP for my town hall in Bedford, New Hampshire tonight —&gt; 
Thank you CMC staff for the informative conversation. Your work to prevent and treat substance abuse is inspiring. 
We must work together to raise awareness about substance abuse. Here’s how we achieved results in Florida: 
Help us finish the quarter strong and bring us one step closer to victory in 2016. Pitch in $3 now: 
This young man having lunch at Blake's guessed my age was 47. Just a few years off! 
As president, I’ll defer to the states on energy issues – not political hacks in DC.
I think I've got the height advantage 
 stance on  earns a “Give me a break.” I have a plan to embrace the energy revolution.
Thanks to everyone who came out on a rainy day in Pennsylvania to talk energy policy. Great crowd! 
Leila from Nevada asked me why I’m running for president…
 the bread is not paleo
Pleased to be headed back to the Granite State, which is and should remain, first in the nation. See ya tonight 
As governor, I experienced federal overreach firsthand. We need to shift power back to the states. 
 and are standing in the way of jobs ; economic growth. It’s time to build  
 dang it, no. Missed opportunity. Happy birthday btw!
If we embrace our energy revolution, we can create millions of jobs and higher wages:  
4% economic growth means greater opportunity, more jobs and higher wages.
In Pennsylvania today to outline my energy plan that will help create jobs and achieve 4% economic growth: 
Finally saw Donald's 'tax plan.' Looks familiar! I'm flattered. But he should've stuck with growth ; fiscal responsibility.
Always great to catch up with who is doing great work in Oklahoma. 
Happy National VFW Day to Thank you for your service, and for everything you’ve done on behalf of our veterans.
Grabbing coffee in OKC with the newest member of the team. So honored to have on board! 
Must read by and We need a hopeful message focused on big ideas. 
Over 42 million middle class families will see a 33% income tax cut under my plan: 
As president, I’ll conduct a spring cleaning of regulations to cut bureaucratic red tape. 
 3 “accomplishments” -- Monument. Post office. Highway. 
 
My tax plan puts $2,000 back in the pockets of middle-class American families. New op-ed in 
Reagan from SC would use the tax relief in my plan to open the bridal boutique she’s always dreamed of: 
 healthcare plan sounds a lot like Obamacare. I discussed with this morning: 
Outlined my plan to boost economic growth on this morning. Thanks for having me
At now answering questions from veterans and military members. Submit yours:  
 what did you find out? I hope he’s  
Here's what 4% looks like:
Tune in for my radio interview with Listen live here: 
Thanks RP team, looking forward to a great discussion with military and veterans at 11 am this morning. 
I’ll be on with this morning live at 8:45 a.m. Hope you can tune in.
Obama allows Russia ; Iran more influence in Syria ; Iraq. Not good for US, Israel, or our moderate Muslim partners 
Joined and talked about my tax plan that shifts power out of DC ; creates investment on Main Street. 
 thanks for being a part of Mission-Next. Happy to have you on the team. 
On third anniversary of Pastor Saeed's imprisonment inIran, pray for him, his release and 
Sorry to have missed the tailgate fun, but glad made it. Let the Gator growl! (But go Canes!) 
Ready to rally? Get yours today —&gt;  
 thanks for your support. Help us grow the team:   
 Honored to join countless Americans ; respected leaders in supporting Gov.  
Read my op-ed in on how regulatory reform will unleash America’s entrepreneurial spirit: 
My tax plan lowers the top rate 5 pts below China's, empowering American workers and businesses to compete and win. 
Gave Chris his first tour of Domino Park - watch it on 
 thanks for your support 
Launched our Jewish Leadership Team today. Join now: 
Leila’s a decade shy of voting age, but she wanted to know why I’m running for president. Watch:
 I’ll have to make sure our store gets some dog gear for Reagan. Great name, by the way. 
John Boehner dedicated his life to public service. Bringing the Holy Father to Congress was a fitting cap to a great career.
Obama Admin = gullible.  They should stop fooling themselves about the motives of Russia ; Iran 
Great to be at the East Cooper Republican Women's Club Shrimp Dinner tonight in South Carolina. Awesome crowd. 
In Iowa, I laid out my plan to slash Obama era regulations and ignite our economy. Watch -&gt;
Did you get your bumper sticker yet?  
Praying for the hundreds of innocent Muslims who suffered a tragic death in the stampede in Mecca during the Hajj pilgrimage.
Will be on with tonight at 6 pm ET. Hope you can tune in.
When in Kentucky, get a bourbon barrel lid with your name on it and sign up for the caucuses. 
 great chatting with you!
Great to be in VA to support ; Thx for the 21 pin. Onward to 21-seat Senate majority! 
If you’re ever in Bristol, Virginia — is the best spot for a cup of coffee. Hands down. 
Grateful for the inspiring words of People of good will must work together to advance the common good.
NEW: my op-ed in on how tax reform is key to getting our economy back on track: 
 and I are incredibly blessed to celebrate Mass with and so many fellow Americans today. 
Human dignity is central to Catholic teaching, and at the heart of America's promise of liberty and justice for all. 
I converted to Catholicism because of and the inspiration of Pope John Paul.
When asked if he had an audience with Pope John XXIII, Yogi Berra replied "No, but I met with him.” Am sure they’re meeting again today. RIP
 Unnecessary, burdensome regulations currently impose a burden of roughly $15,000 per household in the United States. htt…
 so far I like what I see
Another packed day on the trail in Iowa yesterday, take a look at some of the photos: 
 need an iTunes download for my next flight
Didn't DVR Scream Queens tonight...was it good?  
Read my new op-ed on how I’ll tackle America’s regulatory crisis as president: 
Supporters like Pieter are making a difference on this campaign every day. You can too: 
How Catholic faith changed my life: 
 finally says what we already knew. She favors environmental extremists over U.S. jobs.  
The Senate's failure to ban late-term abortions for pain-capable children is tragic. Protecting them will be a priority when I'm in the WH.
As we approach  Columba and I wish our Jewish friends an easy fast and to be inscribed in the Book of Life.
Pumped to have you on board!  
  I bet you'll like some other conservative reforms !
Happy National Voter Registration Day! Make sure you’re ready to vote in 2016 —&gt;  
Regulatory reform starts with repeal of: Dodd Frank.  Carbon Rule. Coal Ash Rule. Net Neutrality. 
It shouldn’t take nearly a decade for critical infrastructure projects to get approved.  
  is the first  presidential candidate to lay out regulatory reform blueprint.  
New rule I'm proposing: $1 in regulatory costs must be offset by $1 in regulatory relief.  
Our out-of-control regulatory system is costing jobs and stifling economic growth:  
American families are paying the price for our broken regulatory system. How I’ll fix it:  
Thanks, was fun to be there! 
Thanks for your support Rick!  
Scott Walker is a good man who has a proven record of fighting for conservative reforms. I know he’ll continue to do that as Governor.
 "What we need in Washington, a climate where people can pursue their dreams from the bottom up"  
It’s women entrepreneurs like Betty, Maria ; Veronica who have worked hard to create jobs in their community that truly make America great.
With hard work and ingenuity, Veronica built one of the fastest-growing staffing firms in the country.  
Maria fled El Salvador during civil war. Now her story epitomizes the American dream.  
 Businesswoman of the year Betty Manetta turned a tech start-up into an inspiring success story. 
Shook a lot of hands and took some selfies between the hedges. But in Athens, no one’s as in demand as UGA IX.
Helping straighten tie before the speech coming up in 45 minutes  
Unlike Obama Admin, Pope invited dissidents to Havana event. Unfortunately, Castro regime shamefully detained them. 
Get your rally signs ahead of our town hall in Iowa today: 
 Your political machine’s 9/11 ad is disgraceful. As a New Yorker you know the leadership my brother provided after 9/11
Court holds that onerous and arbitrary gun registration laws violate the Constitution. Big victory for 2nd Amendment 
The simple fact, donated to me and tried to get casinogambling in Florida, I said no 
 the Bush family has lots of happy cry-ers so you'll be in good company
It's getting real in Athens 
Between the Hedges!  
 how can we work together to improve education so all children have a chance at success?  
 and I got the game day rundown from Coach Dooley 
 will be there in a few hours. Come find me!
 headed there now!
 high praise!
 Well Gov I am trying to keep up with a 4 year old's explanation of Minecraft so I think you drew the easier gig
Sat down with Benjamin from Scholastic, tougher than 
It’s already sweatshirt weather in Michigan…Caught me a little by surprise. 
 "I was a disruptor in Tallahassee and I will be a disruptor in Washington D.C" -  
Great  event in Greenville. Thanks ; 
 not sure about the sunglasses
This is a headline I would've never anticipated.  
Thanks yall!  
Here’s how we create opportunity for all, favoritism for none. Join me: 
 thanks for having me on last night 
Which video just broke our most viewed record? 
Made some new friends. Leila and Annalise. 
Big win for religious liberty today. SCOTUS should quickly correct other courts’ mistakes. 
It’s Constitution Day! reminds us that respect for the Constitution means respect for its limits on govt 
 happy to have you on board. Appreciate your support. 
 night told through Google searches: 
Keeping the momentum going after last night with 200 endorsements rolling into Michigan tomorrow: 
I’m Jeb Bush, and I approve this message. 
He kept us safe. 
Strong reviews this morning across the board 
We can’t decide what moment from last night’s debate was best – help us out and vote now: 
The Reagan Approach 
Jeb to Trump: When It Comes To My Brother: He Kept Us Safe
 Most-Retweeted candidate Tweet of  was from 
"What do you guys say in the Senate?" 
Brit Hume: Jeb Bush Had a Good Night 
What a night! Chip in $3 to keep the momentum going ;  

Why don't you apologize to my wife? 
Meet She's the love of my life:  
Sorry Mom
"When it comes to my brother, there's one thing I know for sure. He kept us safe." - Jeb
Our military is not a discretionary expense - Jeb 
 I came to America because I love this country. is wrong
Jeb's record as a tax-cutter is second to none. He cut taxes by $19 billion.   
My wife is a Mexican American. American by choice. She loves America ; wants a secure border ; wants to embrace the American values - Jeb
Jeb defunded Planned Parenthood ; supported $2 million in annual funding for crisis pregnancy centers:  
"We need to send a signal to Iran that we need to have Israel's back." - Jeb 
Jeb Bush: The man who killed Trump's casino dreams 
"You have to lead with a steady hand, and that's what I'll do." - Jeb
“I believe America is on the verge of its greatest century and I’m ready to lead.” - Jeb 
Game On
Passing feed over to 
Calling Dad from the car ahead of the debate 
Debate page is live, follow along tonight: 
 With showing our support for Gov let's win this debate tonight. 
You should be out here with me Liking our podium! 
If you haven't taken our pre-debate survey, time is running out: 
Been beating to the top since the 80s. (Or maybe he's been letting me...) Loved the view! 
Join the team before I step on the stage tonight: 
Good day to support Ms. Battiste who  "sparks debate" in her Social Studies class  h/t
Do you reject the liberals' “new normal” that we can’t grow the economy at greater than 2%? 
Looking for a preview of tomorrow night? 
 thanks Jon. Howard was a good man!
 Spoke to 1200 Republican women as a fill-in for who will be ready Day 1 to take on the issues he will face.…
The  search is bringing up some great pictures ahead of the debate 
Listen to the new podcast about how my tax reform plan will help us achieve 4% economic growth 
NEW: We can spark economic growth with a Reagan-inspired tax-reform plan not more tax hikes READ -&gt; 
Here’s the difference -&gt; my plan to take money out of Washington and give it back to American families 
This is how extreme the left has gotten. Why stop at $18 Trillion in spending ?? $100 Trillion next? 
I hope that you will join me for a rally in Las Vegas this Thursday! Should be a good time: 
Enjoyed chatting w/ for ahead of Wednesday's debate at the Reagan Library LISTEN -&gt; 
This  we recognize the many contributions of the Hispanic community in the US. 
The OPM hack further exposed the Obama admin’s failings on cybersecurity ; put our national security at risk. 
We must focus on cybersecurity, restore accountability, increase intelligence, ; remove barriers to innovation. 
I think we have a front runner for most Jeb flair on the trail 
Loved seeing so many familiar faces at yesterday's Miami office opening. Thanks to everyone who came out. 
Columba and I wish our Jewish friends a Happy and Sweet New Year. We pray that the year 5776 is filled with happiness. L'Shana Tova!
And yes, that is a Reagan-Bush 84 undershirt.  
Nothing like campaigning in Miami... Thank you to all my friends for coming out to our sweaty office opening! 
The Reform and Growth plan I announced this week is the doorway to 19 million new jobs and 4 percent growth 
Opening the Miami office this afternoon. It's not too late to get your ticket 
thanks hailey- enjoyed being with you all to commemorate  
Right down the middle.   🇺🇸 
 come to the next event then!
Amen. God bless Rick Perry for his continuing commitment to that cause.  
Leopoldo López verdict makes mockery of justice in Venez. ; is another failure of Obama's appeasement diplomacy. 
On 9/11, we should also pause to remember 4 Americans killed by terrorists in Benghazi, Libya on this day in 2012. They are not forgotten.
 
Honored to attend the 9/11 memorial in Londonderry to remember those who lost their lives 14 years ago today 
We should all take time today to pay tribute to the victims of 9/11, their families ; the troops who've kept us safe. 
With the NFL opener, we had a little fun answering one of your most searched questions, how tall is Jeb Bush? 
It’s time to stop the  Add your name and stand against it today: 
Charleston Gazette: Bush’s plan would simplify the tax code making it better for wealthy, middle-income ; poor alike 
Pumped to be in Salem during the Pats opener tonight. Think they take this one 31-21. AFC East will be strong!
  reform and growth plan will lead our great nation to the lowest tax rate since Reagan.  
  is dedicated to reviving growth in the economy. Smart ; detailed tax plan: 
 Excited 4 bold, Reagan-esque  proposal. Ending loopholes ; lowering rates will create jobs 4 ALL A…
Our Growth and Reform plan would get Katie one step closer to financial freedom 
Easy to get lost in the numbers, this is about making life better for people like Rhonda  
  reform and growth plan will lead to the lowest tax rate since Ronald Reagan -  
  Restoring the right to rise in America requires accelerating growth - 
Trumps demeaning remarks are small and inappropriate for anyone, much less a presidential candidate.  Carly ; country deserve better. Enough
  wants all   candidates to propose comprehensive  Some good things in plan here: …
 Steve Moore: The Jeb Bush Tax Plan is Reminiscent of Reagan's Tax Reform - YouTube worth watching 
 Jeb Bush’s Tax Plan Offers Badly Needed Conservative Reforms   smartest policy move he's made
  tax plan is actually really smart. 
Must read from on ; the SC Legislature’s fight against domestic violence 
 Jeb Bush's tax plan would lead to higher wages and greater competitiveness   
 thanks for hosting! Great town
For Luisa, our plan will bring peace of mind 
 thanks for coming to the event!
We can’t just talk about it, we have to fix these things. It starts here: 
This plan will allow middle class Americans like Jonathan and Reagan to invest in their dreams 
We have the highest corporate tax rate in the world, I’ll bring it below China's and restore competitiveness 
Reagan had it right, I will bring the top tax rate back in line with his at 28% 
Rolling out my tax plan at 130 at Morris ; Associates in Garner. Go to  then to see how it will help grow the economy
Right, left or center, the tax code is broken, I will make it simpler, reduce 7 brackets to 3 
Bonus clip from The Late Show includes my plan to put Meat Loaf on the $10 bill. Watch -&gt; 
Had a blast on the couch with  Next up, talking about my reform ; growth tax plan on 
NEW: My Plan To Overhaul the Tax Code To Unleash 4% Growth 
Showtime with 
Who would you trust to  
 See you there!
Honored to have the support of some of Iowa's finest business leaders 
 A Shirt    
Definitely a concern. Have LeSean, Doug Martin, Rashad Jennings. Too many Bills! 
Had 14/15 slot in fantasy draft yesterday. Took Gronk ; Peyton. Fmr Dolphin rd11. Tannehill backup Thoughts? 
First Ad! -&gt;  "I’ve delivered and I hope to earn your support"
We can grow at 4% economically, create jobs, and all while cutting taxes. This week I'll tell you how. 
My week in pictures 
 
Can't beat waking up to this in New Hampshire 
 If you missed this afternoon, this 300+ Jeb 2016 Miami Dade leadership list is a big deal.  
 
I see what you did there, 
In awe of working moms like Tara who woke up at 4AM for 12 hr shift! Made me tired to hear about 
Molly gave me the run down on James Polk this morning. 
Missed another game last night. Really need to start adjusting the schedule 
The expressed views Trump has on taxes, on health care are more closely aligned to those of Hillary Clinton. 
Sometimes they start without speaking English but they learn English and they add vitality to our country 
"Trump is trying to insult his way to the presidency and it's not going to work... People come to this country to pursue their dreams."
I hope everyone will join me in donating to this great cause 
 I’m in. See you September 8th my man
Partisan minority should not block bipartisan effort to stop bad deal that will fund mullahs, destabilize region, ; pave Iran's path to bomb
Would you rather support a candidate who cut $19 billion in taxes, or supported the largest tax hike in history? 
Which candidate are you?  cc
No it didn't.   
"Bush's hard-nosed opposition to... gambling came despite Trump's fundraising efforts on his behalf"   
We brought accountability and school choice to Florida’s education system, but you don’t have to take my word for it 
When it comes to expanding opportunity in America, will side with teacher union allies, or the kids? 
Fun to celebrate back-to-school time at Miami’s La Progresiva Presbyterian. The students sent me a few selfies 
Why are you a Republican answer is, you’re not
 in his own words
 Strong throwback pic. Come to a campaign stop and we'll have to try again with your eyes open!
I cut state spending more than anybody. I’ll do it in DC too. 
Who's the real He donated to sanctuary city supporting and called her “The Greatest.” 
Show who you’re supporting this election. Get your official Jeb Tee now:  
Transparency is important. That's why I released my emails in an ebook--without secrecy or a subpoena 
Empowering individuals w/disabilities is a cause dear to me. Thanks for having me on to discuss it 
Glad to see a court stop EPA’s overbearing water rule   
Former Lt. Governor Hager is working hard to get me on the ballot in VA. Proud to have him on Team Jeb! 
Enjoyed recounting this story with on his radio show in Birmingham this week: 
Look forward to going on later with to talk about my upcoming ebook, Reply All!
Our military is on its way to being the smallest Army, Air Force, Navy in decades. We have to reverse this
One year ago Obama said he didn’t have a strategy on ISIS. We need a leader who'll defeat radical Islamic extremism 
The team and I really broke a sweat thanks to some former Navy SEALs ; Navy vets. Great run with American heroes! 
I guess this is what you call a throwback.  
Floridians faced 4 hurricanes in 44 days during 2004. These were trying times but together we prevailed. 
 Regardless of your political leanings, emails vs. emails like night and day...
 compares pro-life Americans to terrorists, but defends despicable PP treatment of unborn? Her priorities are totally wrong
I emailed Floridians daily. Hillary hid her secret email to avoid accountability. "Transparency vs. Secrecy" WATCH -&gt; 
Sat down with in Pensacola. Talked about leadership - it’s not about yapping, it’s about doing. 
You have to dig for it, but the last email in this post has the real story of how I got the nickname “Storm Governor” 
If you don’t have time to read the full chapter, these 10 emails serve as the cliff notes version 
95 years ago women were granted the right to vote. Today, we need to make sure the next gen of women have the opp to rise 
Shocked by the horrific murders in Roanoke. Columba and I are praying for Alison, Adam and all those affected.
Today we're telling the story of how we addressed an unprecedented 4 hurricanes in 44 days in this feed. Follow along:
Amen! 
Get a sneak peak at my e-book, Reply All, with Chapter 6 on the hurricane season of 2004: 
Going to Pensacola tomorrow to see old friends. The 2004 ; 2005 hurricane seasons tested our mettle but FL prevailed:
 is pushing a plan that is not conservative, wildly unrealistic ; not reflective of our values. 
Learn more about David’s story: 
Unbelievably inspired by David Ortiz today. Will try to live up to your sacrifice and fight for vets care 
PP treatment of unborn has been horrifying. Let's support quality women's health programs instead 
Leading conservatives agree. Donald Trump’s immigration plan is a recipe for disaster 
On Sept 8th I’ll sit down w/Stephen Colbert for his first taping of the Late Show. Enter to win a VIP ticket to join: 
Looks like snuck in some time at the fair while he was in town last week: 
Take a moment to read... 
Keeping you in our prayers and wishing you a speedy recovery.
Nothing says summer like a couple of lobsters and cold ones at Brown's Lobster Pound in NH. 
Had a big week, 50+ new endorsements from GA to NV. Winds at our back, join the team: 
God bless these heroes and the United States Marine Corps. 
Good seeing you brother at  today in Columbus 
Our second Iowa office is officially open! Thanks and everyone who came out last night in Cedar Rapids. 
His massive inconsistencies aside, immigration plan is not conservative and does not reflect our nation's values.
When in Atlanta, you’ve got to stop by Highly recommend the yellow dog. 
This isn’t a joke, it’s a serious problem It’s time to come clean with American voters. 
Why won't just take responsibility when it comes to her email scandal? 
Got to discuss in NH how I'm a proven conservative with a record while isn't. Compare ; 
Loaded up on Dunkin and caught up with some folks in Newport before heading out of NH. Back soon 
Carol and I had a spirited exchange about whether the NFL should  Strong sticker game regardless. 
Challenging the teachers unions and winning puts students first, and that's what I did in Florida. 
Caught up with Gloria Gavris, author of after my town hall tonight. Great kid's book on elections 
Calling it like I see it. is a tax-hiking democrat. 
Heard powerful stories from the incredible people at on the impact of peer based recovery support services 
 no need to risk injury. Come to Merrimack VFW tonight and maybe the Snapchat powers will put us in the story together?
NV support continues to grow! Missy Woodbury, and are  
Iran deal is a farce. Nuclear inspections of state sponsors of terrorism can't work on the honor system. 
The "Puritan Backroom Lunch Ladies" had me in stitches.
Finding out locker placement was always an exciting part of the 1st Day at school. Londonderry High took care of me. 
Fixing our education system is how we create a right to rise society. We did it for Denisha in FL,we can do it again 
Going live with at 8:06: 
First trip to went with a yellow dog and a F.O. I'll be back to try the rest on our next GA trip. 
I continue to be humbled by the support of our heroes: 
We still have thousands of troops serving abroad, doing our part to give them a remembrance of home is important: 
Proud to announce NV Speaker endorsement today. Join him and commit to caucus: 
 Wrong. Being more-anti energy than Obama is extreme. We should embrace energy revolution to lower prices ; create US jobs.
Looking for inspiration? Read the citations of these Medal of Honor recipients:  I’m so honored to have their support
 ; I took a break from the campaign trail on Saturday to attend our beautiful grandson Jack’s baptism 
Packed house tonight for our veterans town hall in Columbia. Thanks for joining to talk VA reform. 
RIP to an American hero, our oldest living veteran and a national treasure. 
My new op-ed in New Opportunities for Veterans 
Had the pleasure of announcing my VA reform plan w/ members of our vets team today in SC. Proud to have them on board 
My time at the Iowa State Fair was a 4 ; 1/2 hour whirlwind of cowboy boots ; deep fried desserts – loved it all. 
Honored and humbled to announce the support of 12 brave American heroes who were recipients of the Medal of Honor. 
Honored to receive endorsement of NV Assembly Majority Leader Paul today. Great Silver State support! 
The Obama administration has failed to make vets a priority, as president I will rectify that with this 7 step plan 
My pig calling may need some work, but I definitely had a great time at the Iowa State Fair. 
On India’s Independence Day, proud of our partnership and shared values, and Indian-American contributions to our own great country.
Great to see in Austin tonight. Really appreciate your support. 
Good times at  Let’s do it again next year 
Be inspired. Be bacon.  
Had a blast 
Great meeting you too. Will keep an eye out 
 And yet the repressive communist dictatorship remains. Our flag should represent freedom and democracy. 🇺🇸
Thanks for the BBQ Apron. We’ll send you the Jeb2016 version!  
No place like the  at the  
The accommodation of the Castro regime comes at the expense of the freedom and democracy that all Cubans deserve. 
Boot duel with at the Iowa State Fair. Who wins? Tweet us your vote. 
Thanks Dad  
 Did some advance work for dad’s trip to Iowa – opened the Des Moines HQ ; served some sweet corn! WATCH: 
Good to be back in Iowa. Also pleased to announce the first round of Iowa County Leaders, a very impressive group: 
Nice to meet you Kurt. Thanks for coming. 
Couldn't ask for a stronger team!  Thanks ;  
Quite a day yesterday. Rally in Reno, town hall in Vegas, capped it off w/ dinner at Off to Iowa! 
Un placer hablar con líderes hispanos aquí en Las Vegas sobre mi visión para el futuro del los EEUU. 
If you want a third term of Barack Obama’s foreign policy, that’s what you’ll get with 
Insulting to the cause of freedom and democracy that Obama has not invited Cuban dissidents to US embassy opening. 
Talked foreign policy, threat of radical Islamic terrorism with Airing on FNC this hour. Hope you’ll tune in. 
 Looking forward to it. Be sure and say hello.
Sad to hear the news about President Carter. Will be praying for him and his family.
We need a president who is resolute – as I will be – in the defeat of radical Islamic terrorism, wherever it appears. 
Honored to have the support and endorsements of two great Senators and 
Thanks Deanna. For those who missed it:  
Nearly 7 yrs later, still no decision from Obama Admin on Keystone Pipeline. And silence from 
Reminiscing with this troublemaker who I campaigned with back when we were young. Thanks for coming 
Thanks Joe. Join the team:  
"This is the way forward ... led by a president who is resolute in the defeat of radical Islamic terrorism wherever it appears." – Jeb
"For generations, American-led alliances, American diplomacy, and American credibility deterred aggression and defended the peace." – Jeb
"The day I’m elected president will be the day that we turn this around and begin rebuilding the armed forces of the United States” – Jeb
"We will use every advantage we have – to take the offensive, to keep it, and to prevail." – Jeb
On Obama-Clinton-Kerry: "So eager to be the history-makers, they failed to be the peacemakers." – Jeb
"In all her record-setting travels,  stopped by Iraq exactly once." – Jeb 
"The terrorists are possessed by the same violent ideology that gave us 9/11, and they are on the offensive and gaining ground." – Jeb
Thanks to the Library for this blast from the past. The Gipper was looking good!  Headed out to speak in 5 minutes 
In just a few mins, I'll lay out a foreign policy plan in stark contrast to the Obama-Clinton-Kerry policy. Watch: 
Looking forward to it, Mike 
I met a fellow joyful tortoise on my way to the Reagan Library  
Tonight at I’ll talk about the threat of Islamic terrorism ; the role we must play in the world. 
We need a President who is resolute in the defeat of radical Islamic terrorism wherever it appears. 
Only if you have at least two of us on each show. Looking forward to joining your first  next month!  
When I left office, tuition for Florida's public 4-yr universities was the lowest of any state. Conservative policies work
 fixed your logo for you. 
 
New report confirms personal email more vulnerable to Chinese hacking ; should have known that. 
We need to change the incentives for colleges with fresh policies that result in more individualization and choices 
We don’t need more top-down Washington solutions that will raise the cost of college even further. 
More school choice is needed to help children w/ disabilities. We led the way in Florida. Other states should follow. 
OPM not only ignored warnings from IG, but now we learn they’re actively hindering IG’s oversight? Outrageous. 
I’m running with heart and running to win. It’s time to uniteto defeat Hillary Clinton. Watch: 
Obama on CNN agrees Iran is ally against Taliban? Wrong.  Insight into wishful thinking that led to bad Iran deal.
How do you take your coffee?  
Thanks to and the Democrats joining them in principled opposition to Pres Obama’s Iran deal. Hope more will join
Packed house for opening of our new Iowa HQ. Join the Iowa team here:  
Looks good! 
 and me at  in Georgia. Great to be with so many fellow conservatives. 
Some candidates complained the debate questions were tough. How about dealing with Putin?  
Do we want to insult 53% of Americans? What Donald Trump said was wrong. That’s not how we bring people together. 
Good to be in Atlanta for  Will be speaking shortly. Watch here: 
Got in a quick stop earlier at Geno's Chowder Shop in Portsmouth to say hi to Francesca and Evelyn. Great day in NH! 
The idea that illegal immigrants would be on city council is absurd. We have to respect the rule of law. 
Bruce Brown and me Lobster shot! 
Picture perfect day in Seabrook, NH. Stopped by for some lobster rolls – delicious. 
Instead of embracing energy revolution, Hillary refuses to support Keystone. Give me a break 
 thanks Ryan, and thank you for your service.
Said this last night, totally believe it – we’re gonna win when we unite people with a hopeful, optimistic message. 
Humbled by those who had such love for this country, they abandoned all thought of safety ; self. Thank you for your courage 
Thanks for the extra gift and for your support. Bumper sticker shipped. Get yours today at:  
Thanks Bailey! Will keep it up.  
Fired up by hundreds who came out for post-debate rally in Cleveland. What a night. 
Thanks, fun night. You can join the team here:  
Jeb Bush: A Pro-Life Champion  
"As governor of Florida, I defunded Planned Parenthood. I created a culture of life." – Jeb  
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama are wrong. We can grow this economy again.  
"Challenging the teacher's unions and beating them is the way to go." – Jeb  
The Democrats are wrong: We can grow this economy and create jobs.  
As governor, Jeb took on the teachers unions and won.   
As President, Jeb would act immediately to restore America’s leadership in the world.  
Jeb has the conservative record America needs. Join the winning team today:  
"My conservative record helped people rise up" – Jeb  
Jeb's proposal to fix our broken immigration system starts with securing our border   
"The most conservative governor of a large state since Ronald Reagan"   
Follow  live here:  
Turning over to 
As you watch  follow along here:  
Are you   
Caught up with outside mass. I'm going to speak from my heart. It'll be fun! 
Just over 2 hours til gametime. Who’s with me?    
 Grazie Pozo Christie - Jeb Bush is a Champion for Women’s Health 
Back on turf. Liked his stroke better at American Airlines Arena. 
Got some good pre-debate counsel from the  
 Showing my support for the strongest presidential candidate  for the debate night 
Good morning from Cleveland. For a preview of tonight, here’s what we accomplished in Florida, by the   
 the 70’s were an interesting decade
4 items you should buy from the Jeb 2016 Store. Get 10% off with promo code “LAUNCH”  
Today we announced chairmen in all 17 Nevada counties. Sign up if you’d like to join them:  
Pleased to announce the support of some of Georgia’s finest  ;  
Thanks Jimmy! Tees and bumper stickers going quickly  
 this deal paves the way to Iran getting the bomb ; gives $150bn to the mullahs. That's not leadership.
The 70’s were a pretty serious decade.  
Announcing the launch of the Jeb 2016 Store! T-shirts, hats, stickers, and a few surprises:  
Strongly support resolution to reject Obama Administration’s nuclear agreement with Iran
 what’s absolutely, unequivocally wrong is giving taxpayer $ to an org whose practices show no regard for lives of unborn
In line with my FL record – we absolutely must defund PP and redirect those funds to other women’s health orgs: 
Hebrew Scripture ; the New Testament still provide the moral vocabulary we all use in America – may it always be so 
There is no more powerful or liberating influence on this earth than the Christian conscience in action. 
Coming soon. Be the first to know:  
Ran into members of the KY Farm Bureau last night in Manchester. Eat your hearts out, ; 
Look forward to seeing this motley crew in Cleveland.  
On economic growth, the fact that Paul Krugman disagrees with me warms my heart.  
Obama and State Dept should be ashamed of their purely political manipulation of Cuba's human trafficking issues.
Used to take the kids to every Sunday evening. Great spot for interview w/ in Iowa Falls 
Obama’s Carbon Rule is irresponsible ; overreaching. It grabs power from states ; hollows out our economy.  
As Gov, I vetoed state funding for Planned Parenthood. Congress should defund PP today. Sign your name if you agree: 
My plan for addressing illegal immigration through border ; interior security ; cracking down on sanctuary cities: 
We must transform immigration from a broken system into one that benefits every American.  
My statement on Pres Obama’s Clean Power Plan:  
 took a look at the jobs performance of all Governors running for President:  
I’m going everywhere and speaking to everyone. That’s what a candidate for President should do. 
Great to see Gov and so many other old and new friends at Bruce Rastetter’s farm tonight in Hubbard. 
Just met up with at the in Iowa Falls. Check out tomorrow to catch our chat. 
We need a President who will go everywhere, speak to everyone ; unite, not divide. That’s just what I did this week: 
Enjoyed the opportunity to speak to in my home state. Here’s the video in case you missed it: 
 Six things you didn't know about including his love of the show  
Each man has his own destiny... and his own nickname.  ; on mine -&gt; 
We’re on the ballot in South Carolina! Thanks ; co. Join our SC team:  
Thanks ; for the opportunity to speak today. Great to have you all in Florida. 
It’s insulting to many Miami residents for Hillary to come here to endorse a retreat in Cuba's struggle for democracy 
As Governor, I doubled our efforts to collect child support payments, and we increased collections by 90% 
Every parent should have choices. Every school should have high standards. And the fed gov't should have nothing to do with setting them.
A lot changed in Florida when I was Governor.  
In Florida, we brought violent crime down to a 27-year low. 
When I was Gov, average family incomes in FL went up in every income group. We made FL the  job creating state. 
Speaking at Annual Conference in a few minutes. Here’s a sneak peek:  
Proud to announce the first members of my Iowa Farm Team – a great group of farmers ; Ag pros from across the state 
This is heartbreaking. Please join me in supporting the Perry and Austin rescue fund. 
Announcing my SC Veterans Steering Committee – full of American heroes, including two Medal of Honor recipients. 
One week until the first GOP debate. Want to come join? Enter here:  
Thanks Tal, only you could write an oped with this much spirit 
 Who knew jumping out of planes was safer than getting out of bed? Thanks to all for your kind get-well messages. 
All children – regardless of wealth, ethnicity, or religious background – deserve a great education. 
Sign your name if you think we need to investigate and defund Planned Parenthood:  
Nuevo vídeo: Quiero introducirlos a Berthy, una amiga mía, y a su hija Lucy. Aprendí mucho de ellas. 
If you agree we need to investigate and defund Planned Parenthood, sign your name here:  
Extremely proud of my niece Barbara and her work with Changing lives around the world. 
Latest Planned Parenthood video made me heartsick and is another call to action. We must investigate and defund them: 
We need a president who will work in solidarity w/ a free Cuban people, not one that submits to an oppressive regime 
This is how we’ll win — taking our message everywhere. 
Good times at in Littleton. World’s longest candy counter. 
 Even in a rainstorm, happy to be volunteering for tonight in Iowa!   
This is why I believe we can grow at 4%:  
The President has to make lots of tough calls. Supporting Keystone XL and North American energy security is an easy one.
Two thumbs up 
 thanks Wes. You all packed the house!
As President, it will be my mission to disrupt “Mount Washington” and make it more accountable to the people. 
 Which Governor Seeking the 2016 Nomination Has the Best Record on Job Growth?
Yo creo que la política debe ser que siempre queremos la libertad en Cuba.
Always good to be back on my home turf of Florida. Lots of enthusiasm in Longwood and Maitland today. 
My favorite graffiti artist is back!  
 has a piece up today looking at job growth during my time as Florida’s Governor:  
Want to come to Cleveland for the first debate next Thursday? Enter here: 
25 yrs of progress for individuals with disabilities. More to be done, so we see more stories like Angie’s.  
I'd like to make Vic get a  tattoo. He's halfway to 1mil, give this Vine a few views... 
It’s stories like Angie’s that move us to action – to empower individuals with disabilities.  
 so you are the 1 who bought it! Thanks - hope to see you in Iowa soon
Balanced budget amendment, line-item veto, 10% reduction in federalworkforce. This is how we reform Mt Washington. 
 thanks paul. Issue close to my heart
Inspired by grace of FL Hwy Patrol vet Leroy Smith aiding a white supremacist protester.  
This week I talked about my plan to take on Mt. Washington. Here are some highlights from the trail: 
My new journal is up on for  Let's keep empowering individuals with disabilities 
 I already caught 10 minutes of it I don't know if watching more will bring additional clarity
Needed a quick explainer on this  thing 
This is the face of evil. We need a strategy to defeat the barbarians of ISIS ; protect Christians in the Middle East 
 Great meeting earlier with one of our country's best advocates   
 will do my best.
 what kind of interaction were you hoping for Uncle Louie?
New Trustees report warns DC must work together "with urgency" to save Medicare - but President Obama isn't leading.  
Waiting anxiously for an email from Alexandra telling me I have her support.  
Lancaster, NH greeted me with some kids right out of central casting 
Bringing some candy from Chutters home to the grandkids. Beautiful trip to Littleton. Cool town. 
Nick from Sugar Hill brought a list of questions to our event. Trying to knock them out 1 at a time 
My plan would take power from Mount Washington, DC and give it back to towns like Washington, Iowa. 
Loved the backdrop at last night’s event in NH. Talked about my plans to take on *the other* Mt Washington 
My goal is to change the culture in Washington. Read our plan in 
 I'm pulling for ya
Cody went from peak of Mt Washington 2  our discussion on tearing down the other Mt Washington tonight in Manchester 
 I love SC peaches. More than sharks love blood. Look forward to visiting Gaffney soon, Frank
When in Aiken, sign the stump.  
17 year old Audrey Chase started a bow tie business. Pretty cool. Check out her stuff  
Inspired by the work of the Carolina Pregnancy Center in Spartanburg. We must do more to foster a culture of life 
 good to be in town. Headed over to Aiken tomorrow come on out!
Thank you for your service. Honored by your sacrifice. We cannot forget the threat Iran poses to the US ; our allies 
Peach festival time. Was tempted by some cobbler at in Spartanburg. 
We're flying one lucky winner to Cleveland for the first debate on August 6th. Enter here:  
See you soon! 
 locked in "too big to fail" for Wall Street ; hurts small community banks.  5 years is enough. We should repeal.
 Let’s Change the Culture of “Mt. Washington”: 
Congress must send a clear and compelling signal that the Iran deal is the wrong approach. 
While DC continues to grow, middle class families haven’t received a raise in 15 years. We can do better. 
In 8 yrs, we accomplished a lot in FL – AAA bond rating, $8 billion in reserves. Now it's time to reform DC. 
We need a balanced budget amendment to end the habitual practice of deficit spending. 
On I talked about my proposal to shrink the federal workforce by 10% over 4 years. Listen: 
Here are 3 specific plans I laid out today that would disrupt Mt Washington: 
Excited to see America got a W at the Open – Congrats to Iowa’s
 it was my pleasure. Thanks for coming out and for your support.
 thanks for coming today, Anushka. Glad to have your support
The Cuban people are not imprisoned by the past; they are imprisoned by the Castro regime. 
Here’s how we’re going to take on Mount Washington:  
Real economic growth is achievable, and I have set a goal of four percent a year. 
Here’s an incentive for Members of Congress: You don’t show up, you don’t get paid for that time. 
When fed employees squander public money, we should call them out on it. And when they find ways to save public money, we should reward them
3-out, 1-in rule will reduce the size of the fed bureaucracy by 10-15% in 2 terms, saving tens of billions of dollars 
The President should be able to eliminate wasteful spending through a constitutionally sound line-item veto. 
As long as deficits are an option, deficits will be the reality. The remedy that I will support as President is a balanced budget amendment.
I took on “Mount Tallahassee” as Florida Governor. Here’s how I’ll take on “Mount Washington” as President: 
Washington could use a little “Veto Corleone”  
We need an American President to go to Havana only in solidarity with a free Cuban people.  
Obama's rush to restore diplomatic relations with Cuba is wrong. This embassy will only serve to further legitimize repressive regime.
My record as Florida Governor:$8 billion in new reserves8 years of balanced budgets8 years of tax cuts
Congrats to and the US International  Olympiad team for their incredible victory at 
This week took me from NH to IA to CA to NV. Come join the team: 
Enough with the slanderous attacks. and all our veterans - particularly POWs have earned our respect and admiration.
Thanks for a great night, guys! Proud to be a charter supporter of  
Fresh off my visit to Silicon Valley, trying out a bold new look. Your move, Zuckerberg. 
We need to make sure the next generation of innovators ; disruptive technologies continue to exist. 
Are you  Join the team: 
 you got it - send me info on your other portfolio companies!
Yesterday I Joined rode and visited – a great Silicon Valley trip. 
Dusted off the resume and joined Follow me here: 
 will be at Silver State Charter School in Carson City tomorrow at 9am. Get there early to get a good seat! 
Good to see you today Has it been 15 years since this email about “internet alley”?! 
Praying for our fallen Marines. A tragic attack on those who sacrifice for our country 
Rode shotgun in this morning to here in SF. 5 stars for Munir 
  on the sharing economy: "I don’t mind disrupting the established order." His first post on 
It’s time we unleash innovators like You can’t manage the future from DC. My first post on  
They asked me to choose between my Apple Watch and apple pie. Wasn’t a tough choice. 
Might be the first presidential candidate in history to vote against apple pie. 
Said it yesterday, will say it again – this deal has legitimized Iran being a nuclear threshold country  
Enjoyed this moment on Monday in Sioux City. You never know what to expect on the campaign trail 
 thanks for coming to Council Bluffs, Jacob. Appreciate the support and the question
 it must be stood up for. Thank you!
Pretty cool. I gave a quarter to 10 years ago. That quarter flew by Pluto today.  
This is a shocking and horrific reminder that we must do so much more to foster a culture of life in America: 
Disappointed in today’s court ruling on Little Sisters I’m standing with the Sisters 
No ropes necessary 
The difference between and me is clear.  
A Republican will never win by striking fear in people’s hearts. 
The nuclear agreement with Iran is a dangerous, deeply flawed, and short sighted deal. My full statement: 
 will be back!
 Little Boone is a big fan of sticker! Wore it all day yesterday!   
Thanks for hosting me Cool venue! 
Was gifted some Sioux City 50-50. Real nice. 
 economic plan does nothing to help the 6.5 million American workers trapped in part–time jobs. 
Defeatist doesn't believe we can grow at 4% and create 19m jobs. I do.   
Got an early copy of  Amazing read. Highly recommend 
 My new book, The  comes out on July 14th! Pre-order your copy today! 
When I was Governor, we took on teachers unions, the trial bar ; other special interests  
 can stand with I’m standing with the kids.  
Sign up for our emails today to go  
Our labor force participation rate is at its lowest mark since October 1977 
 Was an honor to meet with leaders yesterday in Manchester. They work tirelessly to end  
22 million Americans affected, and OPM head blames China. No – you’re responsible, and you should have been fired. 
Appalling OPM news. The Obama Administration must be held accountable. 
 is wrong: Americans want the opportunity to work. 
Anyone who discounts 6.5 million people stuck in part-time work ; seeking full-time jobs hasnt listened to working Americans
Met some good people tonight in Hudson, NH. Thanks for letting me share some of my ideas with you. 
 thanks for the opportunity joe.  More time is always better with *granite staters*
Sat down w/ earlier at Robie’s in Hooksett, NH. Look for 1st part of the intvw tonight on 
 and I caught up with Bob and Lee Collins at Robie's in Hooksett 
Fueled up this morning at Harvey’s in downtown Dover, NH. Lots of friendly folks 
Soldiers who volunteered to serve shouldn't be tossed out of the Armed Forces ; into this struggling economy. 
We achieved 4% growth in Florida. America can too.  
Snowden should be given no leniency 
 was a Senator for 8 yrs and sponsored just 3 bills that became law. We need someone who’s done it 
I know how to lead and how to bring people together. I did it as Governor of Florida. 
  in 1948 - First six enlisted women are sworn into Regular   
There’s no reason in the world we can’t achieve 4% growth. We did it in Florida. Take a look:  
Snowden broke the law, recklessly endangered nat'l security, ; fled to China/Russia. He should be given no leniency 
Wishing the happiest of birthdays to Nancy Reagan today. 
Happy Birthday to the best big brother a kid could ask for. 
Glad to see is running for Senate. Confident Joe will take back Harry Reid’s seat for the GOP in 2016. 
This is exactly right. Where's the accountability? OPM head should be fired 
The labor force participation rate is at its lowest point since 1977. We could be doing so much better 
Barack Obama’s policies have given us a zombie economy. Here’s how we get out:  
Fitting end to 4th of July weekend. Congrats and  on their 3rd World Cup title!
Great ride this far  Let’s finish this thing off right and bring home the cup.
Tough to beat the 4th of July parades in New Hampshire. Thanks to Amherst and Merrimack for being great hosts 
The folks in Merrimack, NH sure know how to celebrate America 
 nice! Good to meet you all today. Happy 4th
We are patriots every day, not just today.   
 great pic! Happy 4th
Proud to add my name to Jean’s collection of autographs. Mom, dad, Laura and 43 all signed it years ago. 
My favorite Senator from New Hampshire, 
53 MPH – tops for my age bracket. Pretty low bar 
Not even a broken leg stopped her from coming to the  Parade in Amherst, NH! 
 Parade in Amherst, NH 
Thank you to those who fought and who continue to fight for our freedom.  
So very thankful to live in the greatest country in the world. Happy  everyone. 
Was asked some tough questions about my  favorites 
President Obama’s Independence Day foreign policy agenda couldn’t be more out-of-step with our founding principles. 
A hero of mine died this week. Take a moment to read about the remarkable Marva Collins. 
Answered a few questions about my  favorites to kick off the weekend. 
 thanks zack
No More Hiding From Venezuela’s Abuses 
Obama lacks a comprehensive strategy to deal with the growing Iran threat. My newest column in 
My take on President Obama’s decision to re-open U.S. Embassy in Cuba:  
Companies like are thriving despite a burdensome, inefficient federal government. 
 thanks, Mary
 thanks for coming trey. Hope to see you again next time I'm in Nevada
You don't put peas in guacamole  
His Eminence Cardinal Donald Wuerl, Archbishop of Washington. Thank you for your prayers and encouragement. 
Incredible game  Onto the finals!
This July 4, reports of a new US Embassy in Havana will legitimize repression in Cuba, not promote the cause of freedom and democracy.
If you have questions about my tax returns, email me directly  – Je 
No matter your tax rate, we need to get more money back in your pocket.  
33 years of tax returns, by the numbers. Proof we need a flatter, fairer, simpler tax code.  
Here you go: 33 years of tax returns – more than any presidential candidate in history.   
In one hour, I’m releasing 33 years of tax returns for everyone to see.  
12 hours until the first critical fundraising deadline of the campaign. Donate $5 today:  
Excited to see is running for reelect. Hope you will join me in supporting her campaign 
Sad to see discriminatory Blaine Amendment used to deny families school choice. Know Douglas CO will find other ways to expand choice.
Toured facility today in West Columbia, SC. Great company. All products made in USA! 
 Rev - thank you for hosting and for the prayers. It was a heartwarming and informative exchange.
Pleased to see SCOTUS rightly conclude that EPA must consider cost of regs ; job impact. Much needed rules for the Obama admin rule makers!
36 hours from now is our End of Quarter Deadline. Make sure we hit our goal. Chip in $5 now:  
We can fix our broken health care system. Here’s how we do it: 
Appreciated all who came out to my townhall yesterday in Henderson, NV. The Silver State is going red in 2016. 
Only two days left before our End of Quarter Deadline. Donate $5 to help us hit our goal: 
If you become a Republican after spending 50 years as a Democrat, you deserve a hug. 
 Picture taking a picture!     🐘🇺🇸🐘 
 thanks for coming out! We'll chat more next time I'm in town
 you bet I am. good to see you this morning Suzy!
 hey cole - was good to meet you too. See you next time I'm in Nevada
Had to give Fernando a hug after he told me he’s now a Republican after spending 50 years as a Democrat. 
Great win last night Two more to go. 
The head of OPM should have been fired. I discussed the OPM hack and cybersecurity with 
One thing we learned from your Snapchats on announcement day: My mom is going to vote for me  
My thoughts on today's Supreme Court ruling on same-sex marriage: 
State Dept. reports admit human rights abuses continue in Iran and Cuba despite Obama policy of accommodation. 
Here are 10 Snapchats from announcement day that won’t disappear in 10 seconds:  
If you agree we need to fully repeal and replace ObamaCare, pitch in $5 now →  
We need to repeal and replace Obamacare – empowering individuals to make their own health care decisions. 
I am disappointed in the Burwell decision, but this is not the end of the fight against ObamaCare. 
Even former top Obama officials think emerging deal will "not prevent Iran from having a nuclear weapons capability" 
Regardless of what the defeatist Democrats tell you, I believe we can achieve 4% growth ; 19 million new jobs. 
A good look at what life on the campaign trail looks like: 
China's OPM hack has wrecked American espionage. Concerning piece from 
The Ayatollah moves the goal post again. Obama can’t seem to take no for an answer, assume more concessions coming 
Protecting our nation’s cyber networks takes a concerted effort, something we have yet to see from this President. 
Thanks for giving me a task I could handle.  
This isn’t just about saving Denisha ; amazing students like her. It's about protecting ; promoting the right to rise 
Fireball!
 Glad + my gang could attend the announcement and be included in this great  video 
Practicing my crucial one-word line last week before​.   
Stories like Denisha’s are why we need more choice in education.  
On TPP, it's time to support pro-growth free trade and American leadership – not waffle. 
If I was President, the head of OPM would've already been fired. We should've been prepared for cybersecurity breach 
On education, stands w/ ; unions. Not w/ America’s children. Read my op-ed: 
Going live with in a few mins. Listen online: 
Proud of  for their big win yesterday. Onto the quarters!
 An [almost] unfathomable $19.4 BILLION in new regulatory costs last week by the admin.  
All the more reason must prioritize cybersecurity.  
You can beat this You will be in and my prayers.
A week ago today, I announced I was running for President. Here are some highlights from Launch Day: 
Kudos to and all the SC leaders standing with her for doing the right thing 
On cybersecurity, we are not powerless unless we choose to be. My post on 
We shouldn't let the Democrats make a stagnant economy the 'new normal.' agrees.  
Read my latest post on – The President Must Prioritize Cybersecurity: 
 My latest column: "The 4% GDP Growth Counterfactual"  
4% growth –  we’ve done it before. We can do it again. 
My dad’s greatest gift to all his children was unconditional love. 
Happy Father's Day, dad! 
Happy Father's Day You're doing it right. 
They asked me about the worst Father’s Day gift I’ve ever received.  
Thanks Larry! We can achieve this.  
My perspective on the Confederate flag issue:  
Ayúdenos a tener una campaña que les da la bienvenida.  
A look behind the scenes at our launch, a special day for me and the whole family. 
VIDEO – my record as FL Governor, by the numbers:  
Are you  Sign up to volunteer today →  
Had the chance to talk with faith leaders after my  speech. 
About to speak at Watch live here:  
The limits people may have pale in comparison to the joy they can give. Thanks Lorraine Butler for sharing your story 
May the families and the city of Charleston be lifted up by the prayers of our entire nation.  
Our thoughts and prayers are with the individuals and families affected by the tragic events in Charleston.
What a crowd and setting -- Molengracht Plaza in Pella, Iowa  
 on my record as FL Gov: "That's a conservative record." 
No place like Miami. Here are some of the many supporters that made Monday’s announcement so energizing: 
While I'm in Iowa today, my son is traveling in Nevada on my behalf. Looks like he found a nice hat! 
A stop at The Work of Our Hands craft store to pick up a gift for and some paleo-compliant chocolate. 
 ¿Cómo se dice "debate" en Espanol,  
Ran into yesterday. Great guy. He talked about our conversation on 
High fives all around in Iowa. 
Thank you Mark! 
Fixing this mess we’re in starts with helping the people in Washington, Iowa before those in Washington D.C. 
Families in Washington, IA haven’t received a pay raise in 15 years while Washington DC booms. That needs to change. 
Oh yeah 
 admits Iran deal violates 'redline' on past military development.  More capitulation from 
Good to be back in Iowa and glad to have the support of these fine Iowans: 
 and I slow jammed the news. Fireball!  
Now this is pretty cool 
Check out this recap of our big day yesterday: 
Met this guy named He wanted to talk about higher ed reform. It's no laughing matter. 
Tune in to the show tonight. Am on for the full hour. Was a great discussion. 
This wasn't my idea, but here's the first installment of  New Hampshire edition: 
Added to my kindle queue by You should too. 
Watch live via – rally in Derry, New Hampshire: 
Can't wait 
Best part of yesterday: Mom told me I am her favorite.
See you tonight 
I Know We Can Fix What Ails America: Because I’ve Done It. New post on 
Back in the Granite State! Stopped by Airport Diner on the way to a town hall in Derry. 
 thanks Sarah. God has a purpose for everyone.
Pitch in $3 and join Team Jeb on day 1 →  
Amazing crowd, amazing day. 
I will take nothing and no one for granted. I will run with heart.I will run to win. 
Are you  Join Team Jeb from day 1 → 
I will campaign as I would serve, going everywhere, speaking to everyone, keeping my word, facing the issues without flinching.
It’s nobody’s turn. It’s everybody’s test and it’s wide open – exactly as a contest for president should be.
We didn’t leave the most vulnerable last in line.  We put them first in line, because they are not a problem. They are a priority.
We are not going to clean up the mess in Washington by electing the people who either helped create it or have proven incapable of fixing it
What the IRS, EPA, and entire bureaucracy have done with overregulation, we can undo by act of Congress and order of the president.
That will be my goal as president – four percent growth, and the 19 million new jobs that come with it.
We will lift our sights again, make opportunity common again, get events in the world moving our way again.
I'm running for President of the United States. I will run with heart. I will run to win. 
 ¡Todos por Jeb!  
Talking to Dad backstage. Head to  to watch the speech, starting soon! 
Two of the most important women in my life. 
Watch live → 
Big announcement coming up at 3:00 PM ET. Watch live online here: 
I'm honored to be in this position, and I'm gonna give it my all.
The stage is set. Less than three hours until my big announcement.
Thanks Tatum! 
Ready for a great day. 
 thanks Marco. Glad I can do it in our hometown. See you out there!
Six months ago, I said I’d explore the possibility of running for President. Here’s a look back at those 6 months: 
Graffiti artist Tony Alonso is  
Big announcement today from at 3:00 PM ET. Glad to have you all onboard for the ride.
Cuando miro hacia el futuro, veo una gran nación a punto de comenzar su mejor siglo. 
It's a beautiful day in Miami. See you there, Jim. 
I see a country on the verge of its greatest century. Check out this 60-second video: 
Thanks amiga. You will be missed. 
