We can beat this president without burning our party down. We can beat this president without anyone buying our party out. Join us and help build a movement that leaves toxic politics in the past and unifies Americans around bold solutions. 
 on the coronavirus outbreak: “ This is one of those moments when we need a president who will listen to…
 This week, South Bend leader Gladys Muhammad and Rep. visited our Charleston field office to phone ban…
Great to join our amazing volunteers in Columbia, SC for a Canvass Kick Off. I’m so proud of the extraordinary team we’ve built. Our movement is only possible because millions of Americans have decided our vision is worthy of their time and energy. Thank you for believing. 
 Pete Buttigieg calls for coronavirus response "based on science," not politics after Trump says Democrats are politicizing ou…
Tenemos la obligación legal y moral de proteger a quienes buscan asilo. Estoy muy agradecido con los abogados que, por ahora, han acabado con el programa inhumano de 'Remain in Mexico'. Cuando sea presidente, acabaré permanentemente con este programa tan cruel.
We have an obligation, legally and morally, to protect asylum seekers. I am thankful for the lawyers who have brought a temporary end to the inhumane Remain in Mexico program. When I am President, I will permanently end this cruel program. 
Looking forward to meeting with all of you at our virtual town hall in just a few minutes! I’ll be joined by and to talk about the state of the race and life on the trail. Sign up now for a chance to ask questions:  
Our country is running out of time, and if you don’t want to squander our only chance to defeat Donald Trump, join us. 
 Rep. and are supporting because we need a president who has a real age…
  on his outreach to black voters: It's humbling for somebody like me to seek that vote... what I do have is a…
South Carolina, thank you for welcoming me into your homes, your communities, and your lives these past months. Today, you have the power to show the nation that we don’t have to choose between revolution and the status quo. We can chart a better course, and we will. 
We’re over 60% to our $13 million goal, but we need your help to keep our momentum going.Our campaign is up against billionaires and candidates who have spent decades in the national spotlight, but we’ve shown before we can beat expectations. Chip in:  
Renee, I’m forever grateful for your mentorship and for welcoming me like family. I’ll do my best to keep making you proud. 
We have a chance to not only defeat Donald Trump, but to also leave behind the politics of division. Join us if you’re ready to unite this country around a vision for the future, and chip in if you’re determined to prevent another four years of chaos. 
 "Had he acted earlier, I believe that the worst parts of that HIV epidemic could have been avoided," says former South Bend…
  Douglass Plan will fight racial injustice in health care by funding and empowering local communities…
I’m excited to join and all of you for a virtual town hall on Saturday! Sign up now for a chance to ask questions and discuss the state of the race and life on the campaign trail:  
Issues like Coronavirus are different from traditional national security threats. The virus doesn't care what country it's in—it can't be stopped by a wall. Today’s security challenges, whether in global health, cyber security, or election security, require a focus on the future. 
South Carolina, tomorrow we can show the nation that Americans are ready to end the division and build a new path forward, together. Let's finish strong. 
 This is about real change to deliver the help and the hope we need. It’s about bringing Americans together around a sh…
I proudly stand with the thousands of janitors on strike for basic rights like fair pay, paid sick leave, and protections so their jobs don’t harm them or the environment. 
Los legisladores de Colorado lideran la lucha por nuestro ambiente con este proyecto de ley. HB 1261 ayudará a salvar el planeta para futuras generaciones, pero sólo si la Comisión de Calidad de Aire de Colorado adopta normas audaces—como lo haremos cuando yo sea presidente.
Colorado lawmakers are leading the way on climate action with HB 1261. This law will help save our planet for future generations, but only if Colorado's Air Quality Change Commission adopts bold climate rules—as the federal government will do when I’m president. 
We can't change history, but we can confront the shameful failures in our relationship with Tribal Nations and chart a new path based on active diplomacy. On the anniversary of the occupation of Wounded Knee, rescinding medals awarded to those who massacred innocents is a start. 
We’re going into the fight of our lives. If we don’t get it right, it’ll mean another four years of Trump and losing the House and Senate. If you believe—like millions of Americans—that we must win in November, join us. 
 As an 8th grade Special Education teacher, Vanessa knows that we owe it to our children to give them the specialized ca…
 “We see the best choice for leading this process in 2020 is the young, incredibly intelligent, articulate and brave Mr.…
It’s not enough to make health care available to all. We must make it accessible to communities who have been shut out or exploited due to systemic racism for decades. →  
I salute Virginia's lawmakers for ensuring women's access to safe and legal abortion. Politicians should never be the ones dictating what health care decisions women can make over their own bodies. 
Health is a basic American freedom. Yet too often, your health, life expectancy, and likelihood of dying in childbirth is determined by the color of your skin. I'm thankful to community leaders in Greenville, SC for discussing how we can secure the promise of health equity. 
I want to be honest with you. We have a clear path to the nomination, and we have the best campaign to take on Trump. But we won’t get there without your support.Chip in and help us reach our goal of $13 million by Super Tuesday. 
 Gladys has been working in the South Bend community for 40 years. She knows leadership when she sees it, and that’s why…
That's hard to beat, I’m thinking about 6/23, birthday. Which member of  (and  is going to claim $623? →  
Infrastructure is literally the foundation of our future and our safety. I salute for prioritizing the well being of her state by taking immediate action to invest in Michigan’s roads and bridges. 
 Amika is a fourth generation citizen of South Bend. She wants the country to know her city’s story and what it means fo…
 This should be fun! If you chip in right now, you’ll not only enter for a chance to join me and in NYC, you…
I’m excited to announce we’re flying one lucky supporter and a guest to have coffee with me and Michael J. Fox in NYC. Chip in whatever you can for a chance to win:  
I’m honored to have the support of passionate local South Bend leaders like Sharon McBride and Gladys Muhammad. Their support, and their willingness to speak truth when I need to hear it, has made me a better leader—and it’ll make me a better president too. 
We have a clear path to the nomination. We are the only campaign besides Bernie's with the potential to win a majority of Democratic voters. But it's going to be a long race that extends beyond Super Tuesday, and we need your help to stay competitive. 
Honored to join and all the leaders at the breakfast this morning. Your courage, passion, and leadership continues to guide our nation toward justice and equality. 
Senator Sanders’ plans won’t just cost us trillions of dollars—they’ll cost us crucial House, Senate, and down ballot seats.Chip in if you want to expand Democratic majorities, not lose them:  
Los científicos dicen que tenemos 11 años para evitar la catástrofe ambiental. Pero para Puerto Rico, el momento de tomar acción fue ayer. Me comprometo a enfrentar la crisis climática y fortalecer las comunidades que ya sufren las consecuencias del cambio climático.
Scientists say we have 11 years to avoid climate catastrophe. But for Puerto Rico, the time to act was yesterday.I am committed to meeting our climate crisis head-on while also building resiliency in communities already experiencing the effects of climate change. 
Last night’s  was one of the strongest fundraising moments of our campaign, and it showed why we are the best campaign to take on Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump. This is our shot—help make sure we stay competitive. 
We are building a movement based on a new kind of politics—one defined not by who we reject but who we bring along, and one shaped not by looking to yesterday but to our common future. This is our story, our shared vision for the country we love. 
This is horrifying. My prayers go out to Alexa’s family, loved ones, and every trans woman who fears they are next. We must put an end to this violence. Mi más sentido pésame.  
While details are still emerging in Milwaukee, this much is clear: We mourn another devastating tragedy. My heart goes out to all who lost loved ones. May we find the strength and will to act against gun violence, and never accept the unacceptable.
These are the kind of bipartisan solutions we need to bring broadband access to all rural Americans—and bringing local perspective to the White House will help make this a federal priority. 
We have one shot to pick a candidate who can defeat Donald Trump. We cannot waste it by doubling down on division. Chip in if you’re ready for something better:  
Donate now to kick Trump out of the White House. 
What none of us can live with is four more years of your chaos, cruelty, and division. 
 ICYMI: Gladys Muhammed—iconic as always—took the mic this week in South Carolina to talk about how the Douglass Plan wi…
There is never an excuse for racism, bullying, or ignorance. I stand with the AAPI community in condemning these vile attacks. That’s why I’ve called for vigorously enforcing federal laws against hate crimes and working with schools to stop bullying. 
I’m saddened by the loss of Mayor who was so encouraging and kind whenever we saw him. My prayers go out to his family, loved ones, and the city of Wilton Manors. Our communities owe so much to public servants like Justin.
For generations, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders have been integral to our nation’s progress—often in spite of mistreatment and discrimination. Today, I'm proud to release my comprehensive policy to address barriers and empower the AAPI community. 
Just stepped off the debate stage where I talked about how we have only one shot to pick a nominee who can beat Donald Trump and pass the progressive agenda Americans want. If you’re with me, please chip in so we have the resources we need to win. 
If you want a president who makes your blood pressure go down instead of through the roof, chip in:  
Universal health coverage is not a radical idea. Eliminating all private insurance is. No industrialized country has gone that far. This goes further than what is acceptable in Denmark the country. How’s that going to fly in Denmark, South Carolina? 
We must restore the credibility of the United States.  
When I served, one of the things keeping me safe just as sure as my body armor was the fact that the flag on my shoulder represented a country that kept its word. Our allies and our adversaries knew it, but this president has torn that to shreds. 
Ready to end the filibuster? Chip in:  
All of these things are connected—housing, wages, criminal justice reform. We won’t be able to address any of these as long as Black voices are systematically excluded from political participation.  
Weapons that are anything remotely like what I trained on have no business being sold anywhere near an American school, church, or neighborhood.  
We need a 21st Century Voting Rights Act. 
We must stop acting like the presidency is the only office that matters.  
The best thing we can do to support public education is to support public educators. 
How are you going to deliver a revolution if you won’t even support a rule change? The filibuster must go. 
Senator Sanders at one point said his health care plan was going to cost $40 trillion, then it was $30 trillion, then it was $17 trillion. I’ll tell you what it adds up to: 4 more years of Donald Trump.  
If you're ready to defeat Donald Trump, chip in:  
If you want to keep the House in Democratic hands, check with the people that turned the House blue. 40 Democrats are not running on Senator Sanders’ platform—they’re running away from it as fast as they possibly can. 
No one on this stage has had the experience of being dismissed or considered a threat because of the color of our skin. That’s why we need leaders who will listen to those who have.  
If you think the last four years were chaotic, divisive, and exhausting, imagine spending the better part of 2020 with Bernie Sanders versus Donald Trump.  
Grassroots contributions are the lifeblood of my campaign. If you'd like to defeat Donald Trump, join us. 
From South Carolina to South Bend, there’s a progressive majority that wants to see real change. There’s a majority of Americans who want to be able to turn on the TV, see the president, and actually feel their blood pressure go down a little bit, not through the roof. 
I’m about to step onto the  stage and make the case that we don’t have to choose between settling for the status quo or diving into a revolution. There is a better path to a new era—one that includes everyone. If you’re with us, chip in. 
I'm humbled to have the trust and endorsement of Norway, South Carolina Mayor Tracie Clemons. I will do my best to honor that trust and serve the people of Norway and the many cities like it. 
 We're streaming the  live on our website. Tune in at 8PM ET to watch make a case for how we ca…
In the 150 years since Hiram Revels, the first Black member of Congress, was sworn into the Senate, our nation has only had 10 Black Senators. Representation matters—especially when Black lives are impacted by the decisions our government makes. 
 Looking to volunteer but don't know how? breaks down how to canvass like a pro! Join him in getting out t…
Proud to join the in supporting Democrats up and down the ballot at the First in the South Dinner. The presidency is not the only office that matters. We’re building a movement to ensure our agenda is more than just words on a page. 
Honored to have the support of Boise Mayor a boundary-breaking leader who is ensuring our public lands are protected for generations to come and that prosperity is shared by all. 
For Democrats living abroad, while you may not be in the US, you can still make your voice heard. Early voting is open now—just make sure to mail your ballot in by March 10. Download your ballot here👇
 So much fun in Boston this morning for a women to women friendbank for is the candidate with the…
 South Carolina's is backing because the stakes are too high for us to double down on division.…
If we’re going to win and meet this moment, we need a nominee who can stand up to Trump’s division with the common purpose and progressive ideas Americans agree on. That’s why I’m running, and that's why we need you to chip in. 
This is exactly the kind of voter suppression I'm talking about when I call for a new Voting Rights Act. Whether it’s voters of color in Georgia or student voters in Arizona, we must put an end to these practices and deliver a democracy worthy of the name. 
 “It is vital, then, for the Democrats to nominate an energetic, disciplined candidate who can offer voters a powerful y…
 OPINION: Former South Bend, Indiana Mayor Pete Buttigieg‘s message of unity makes him the best choice among the Democratic ca…
As wrote in their endorsement, we “need a nominee who seeks to bring Americans together based on broad common ground — and not divide them along narrow interests.” That’s how we will defeat Trump and finally meet the challenges of our time. 
Just wrapped up another  where I spoke with the voters of South Carolina about how we can drive our country forward without driving Americans apart. If you’re ready to help pave the way for what must come next, chip in. 
Walls don't keep America safe.  
This campaign is the only one that’s actually beat Senator Sanders.Help us win the road ahead:  
Everything from global pandemics to cyber security threats reminds us that it’s going to take more than a big wall to keep Americans safe.  
Chip in if you don’t want to have to defend Fidel Castro:  
Never forget that we're making history.  
Federal funding should never be used to discriminate. Ever.  
If you want a president who respects you, chip in:  
Mayors know what it means to be accountable to voters.  
To lose someone after they have returned home is such a failure on the part of America to keep its promise to our veterans.  
As a Democrat, I don’t want to explain why our nominee is encouraging people to look on the bright side of the Castro regime when we’re going into the fight of our lives.  
It’s hard enough to be in high school without having to worry about whether you’re safe from gun violence.  
This president doesn’t respect you. This president thinks you’re a sucker.  
You can’t just cross out a racist policy, replace it with a neutral policy, and expect things to get better. We need a comprehensive agenda to right past wrongs and empower Black Americans:   
No weapon remotely resembling what I trained on to serve in Afghanistan has any business being sold for profit near a school, a church, or anywhere in this country. 
At a moment like this where we have such terrible division, I don’t think it makes sense to match it with a different form of division.  
Nobody feels the effects of living under this president more than voters of color. I know that I am not entitled to your vote. But I understand that I can stand before you in all humility and share what’s in my heart as well as what’s in my plans. 
I believe in a politics that brings as many people in as possible. I believe in calling everyone into the tent, not calling them names online. 
This is our only shot to beat Trump. We can prioritize either ideological purity or inclusive victory. We can either tighten a narrow hardcore base or open the tent to a broad coalition. Join me and millions in galvanizing this new American majority. 
Hair discrimination is racial discrimination. I salute the Virginia legislature for passing this law to prohibit discrimination based on hair style. It’s time for Washington to show such courage and finally pass the CROWN Act.  
Some of our economy’s problems are pretty simple. Workers need to be paid more for their hard work. I’m proud to continue standing alongside McDonald’s workers in South Carolina in the  and a union to protect them. 
 National Campaign Co-Chair Lamell McMorris has a message for you: Now is the time to come together, chip in what we can…
This election is about so much more than beating Trump. It’s about ending the division and toxicity he’s stoked. If you’re ready to join a broad coalition that can win and finally get things done, help us reach our $13 million goal before Super Tuesday. 
Thank you for inspiring voters to put their future in their hands. The road to November will be the fight of our lives, and it's going to take every one of us doing what we can to win. And with your help we can add some joy along the way. 
As president, I will rebalance our economy so it works for all Americans, hold Wall Street and corporations accountable, and bring fairness to our tax system so we can lift millions out of poverty and into greater opportunity. 
With such a high risk of an oil spill under the Great Lakes, Michigan can’t afford to keep the Line 5 pipeline in operation. In every community, we need new clean energy solutions to meet our climate crisis. 
The lessons of history have shown that Democrats win when we offer new leadership with new ideas, calling America to be better than it’s ever been. 
I join the world in honoring the memory of Katherine Johnson. Her contributions helped our country break free of gravity and explore the galaxy, as she broke barriers on Earth. Her legacy lives on in all those seeking to follow their dreams. 
Tras cuatro años de ver con horror cómo Trump se acerca a dictadores, necesitamos un presidente que sea extremadamente claro al oponerse a los regímenes que violan los derechos humanos en el extranjero. No podemos arriesgarnos nominando a alguien que no lo reconozca.
After four years of looking on in horror as Trump cozied up to dictators, we need a president who will be extremely clear in standing against regimes that violate human rights abroad. We can't risk nominating someone who doesn't recognize this. 
America, this is our only shot to beat Donald Trump. Let’s make sure we get this choice right. 
 Thank you to the more than 8,800 people (!!) who joined us yesterday in Arlington. message of hope an…
 We've got 8 days to reach our goal of 13 million. This isn't made up, it's what we need to keep this campaign going. So…
If you're ready to get to work to send Donald Trump packing and start healing this nation, this campaign is for you. Together, we can send Trumpism into the dustbin of history:  
I ask for the opportunity to serve, and if trusted with that responsibility I promise to continue to show up, to listen, and to serve well those who have so much on the line. 
I am humbled knowing that I do not have the perspective of being discriminated against on the basis of my skin color. Not having that lived experience, I will continue to surround myself with people who can help me better understand, and tell me when I don’t.
I know when I am asking Black voters to support me in this election, I am often asking people who have never met me to trust me with their lives. So many Black lives are at stake in the balance of what happens next in our country.
Running for president doesn’t allow much time for reflection, but this morning at First Baptist Church of James Island in South Carolina came the chance to reflect on the humbling awareness of what is at stake for so many in this election. 
A este presidente le gusta hablar de una economía próspera, pero los trabajadores estadounidenses saben que ese no es el caso. Nuestra economía debe funcionar para todos, y como presidente, garantizaré el derecho a un sueldo digno y un sindicato poderoso.
This president likes to talk about a booming economy, but American workers know that he’s wrong. Our economy must work for everyone—and as president, I will guarantee your right to a living wage and strong union rights. 
Zac, your bravery is an inspiration to all those wondering if they belong. You’ll never know whose life you might be affecting by sharing your story. There’s a lot of power in that. You never know who is watching you and feeling a little braver because of your courage. 
Our movement is working to build an America where there is no such thing as an uninsured family. An America where one job is enough. An America where future generations aren’t ravaged by a climate crisis. But we need your help to keep building.
 Teachers like Misael know how much a zip code shapes a student’s educational opportunities. will work to…
Running for office is an act of hope, and trailblazers like these nine—full of courage and passion—have created pathways to opportunity for others to follow. The Divine Nine are an inspiration to every young Black leader who wants to serve her community. 
 On the heels of a strong showing in Nevada, rallied supporters in Denver to put aside the divisive polit…
Ours is a coalition hungry to mobilize fellow Americans as allies, not push them into being adversaries. We have shown that we can turn the page on our broken politics without turning off Americans from politics.Join us in this effort:  
 Thank you to the 8,500 Coloradans who joined us in Aurora last night! I know there are millions more ready to hear
Our campaign is powered by Americans from every corner of the country. Tens of thousands of volunteers and nearly 1 million grassroots donors have joined our coalition, and we're just getting started.Join us:  
To the Marines and all those who gave so much at Iwo Jima and beyond: 75 years later, your service and sacrifice still inspires. Your legacy lives on in the brave service members serving around the world on our behalf. 
 Councilwoman Sharon McBride knows can rally Americans around bold ideas because she’s seen him do it in…
The only way to truly deliver any of the progressive changes we care about is to elect a nominee who actually cares about the effect from the top of the ticket on those critical frontline House and Senate Democrats that we need to realize our agenda. 
We can either prioritize ideological purity or inclusive victory. We can either call people names online or call them into our movement. Join us as we build a new American coalition big enough to defeat Trump and usher in the era that must come next. 
Join us in spreading hope. Join us in building an America shapedby belonging.Join us in creating an American future that faces our challenges with boldness and unity—and together we will move forward into a better future.Join us:  
To the students, veterans, culinary workers, DREAMers, and thosewondering whether this country will ever be their own: this is yourcampaign. We've built a movement around a new kind of politics with nearly 1 million supporters, and this is just the start. 
Russia may not have a political party in our country, but they’ve picked their candidate: Trump. As voters, we can send the most powerful message of all by winning by a big enough margin to send Trumpism and its Russian backing to the dustbin of history. 
 Pete Buttigieg: "It is different from Sen. Sanders' willingness to ignore or dismiss or even attack the very Democrats that we…
Join us in building that American life shaped by belonging.  And together we will make history in November.
If we can light up our country—we can make this nation we love shine once more as a beacon to the world. 
If we can light up a high school gym—we can light a neighborhood.If we can light up a neighborhood—we can light a city.If we can light up a city—we can light up our country.
I saw each little light and knew that behind it was an American who saw the lights go out and knew to do something about it. All it took was one person, and others began to do the same.
And I couldn’t see who was who, behind each light—who was young and who was old, who was white and who was Black or Latino or Asian or native, who was on two feet and who was in a wheelchair.
It only took a moment, but then something happened. One person held up the glowing screen of their phone. And then another, and then another, everyone holding up their lit phones together, until the whole room lit up.
This past Fall, we were campaigning near Reno, and in the middle of my remarks, the power went out completely. I was speaking to a dark room, with no microphone, raising my voice to make myself heard.
The America we are building is one that calls for leaders to walk in the way of decency and humility. Knowing that the purpose of the presidency is not the glorification of the president, it is the unification and empowerment of the American people.
If you are ready to get to work to send Donald Trump packing and start healing this nation, this is the campaign for you: 
We speak to Democrats, independents, and even Republicans who can no longer look their children in the eye and explain this president—who are now becoming former Republicans and sometimes even precinct captains for our campaign.
The support of Americans from all walks of life has fueled our campaign. From those first contributions that helped make it to be among the twenty candidates to make the debate stage, to the hundreds of thousands to join us since: 
Ours is the only campaign that has beaten Senator Sanders anywhere in the course of this cycle. We’ve achieved that by bringing in new voters, by running strong across age, across gender, across ideology. By reaching into cities, and suburbs, and rural communities.
This is our shot—our only shot—to beat Donald Trump. So I’m asking Americans to make sure we make the right choice.
We can prioritize either ideological purity or inclusive victory. We can either call people names online or we can call them into our movement. We can either tighten a narrow and hardcore base or open the tent to a new, broad, big-hearted American coalition.
Senator Sanders is ignoring, dismissing, or even attacking the very Democrats we absolutely must send to Capitol Hill in order to keep Nancy Pelosi as Speaker, in order to support judges who respect privacy and democracy, and in order to send Mitch McConnell into retirement.
I believe the only way to truly deliver any of the progressive changes we care about is to be a nominee who actually gives a damn about the effect you are having, from the top of the ticket, on those critical, front-line House and Senate Democrats that we need to win.
I believe we need to defeat Trump and turn the page on this era in our politics by establishing a tone of belonging, bringing an end to the viciousness and the bullying that is tearing apart our country.
I believe that we can bring an end to corporate recklessness and rebalance our economy by empowering workers, raising wages, and insisting that those who gain the most must contribute the most in order to keep the American dream going forward.
I believe we can defeat Trump and deliver for the American people by empowering the American people to make their own health care choices with Medicare for All Who Want It.
I believe the best way to defeat Trump and deliver for the American people is to broaden and galvanize the majority that supports us on the critical issues.
There is so much on the line, and one thing we know for sure is that we absolutely must defeat Donald Trump and everything he represents in November.
It belongs to everyone ready to not only end the era of Donald Trump, but launch the era that must come next.
It belongs to students and entrepreneurs, to veterans and Culinary workers. To people of every religion and no religion who agree that God does not belong to a political party in the United States.
It belongs to the most talented, and energetic, and kind, team of organizers and volunteers, and to the nearly 1 million grassroots supporters who have chipped in—and yes, I hope you’ll join them and help us raise $13 million by Super Tuesday.
To those who questioned whether a Midwestern mayor could gather a national movement around a new kind of politics—your are the answer. And to everyone who believes in what we’re building—this is your night. This is your campaign.
 We're still waiting on the full results from the Nevada Caucus, but here's a first look at our internal numbers from wh…
 Come join  for our post-caucus rally where we'll celebrate the organizers, volunteers, and supporters who have…
South Bend civic and political leaders like Sharon McBride and Gladys Muhammad have a deep and admirable passion for sharing the story of our community’s challenges and progress. Thank you for your support. 
 🚨REMINDER🚨As long as you’re in line right now, you can caucus!
We’ve been on an extraordinary journey these last few months. Thank you to the organizers, volunteers, and everyone in the Battle Born State for building an amazing coalition, uprooting your lives, and sacrificing so much. Never underestimate your ability to build a movement. 
Nevadans are heading out to caucus today, because they know we only have one shot to defeat Donald Trump. But for us to be competitive for Super Tuesday and beyond, we need to reach our goal of $13 million. If you’re with us, chip in. 
 This is our chance, Nevada! Get ready. Get hyped. Get out the caucus:  
Si estás harto de la política en Washington y quieres un presidente que te inspire con un sentido de pertenencia en este país, únete. Participa en el caucus de hoy:  
Nevada, this is your moment. You don't have to choose between tearing it all down or accepting the status quo. There is a better way—one based on unity over division. Join us. Find your caucus location today:  
 I am so proud of his message, and this team. Let’s do this, Nevada!🗳 Find your caucus location: 
 Kimberly Bailey Tureaud and her husband started Las Vegas Black Image with the goal of lifting the voi…
 Assemblywoman believes is the candidate who can beat Trump because she’s been to his rallies…
Conversion therapy isn't just wrong—it's a danger to the lives of LGBTQ Americans everywhere. As president, I will work to end conversion therapy and ensure no person has to wonder if who they are somehow makes them unworthy of love.  
I'm not going to take lectures from Rush Limbaugh or Donald Trump. I was packing my bags for Afghanistan while Donald Trump was working on Season 7 of Celebrity Apprentice. 
A este presidente le gusta hablar de inmigrantes como si fueran carga extra. Como ex alcalde de una ciudad que perdía gente, sé que son la bendición más grande de este país. Necesitamos líderes que le den la bienvenida a quienes quieren llamar a este país su hogar.
This president likes to talk about immigrants as a burden. But I saw firsthand how cities like South Bend are revitalized thanks to immigration and the gift it represents. We need leaders who welcome those who seek to call this country home. 
  and know what’s at stake for LGBTQ+ Americans. We're honored to have their endorsement…
 ¿Listos? Ready? 👉  
A hurtful move, but not surprising from this administration which continues to erode collective bargaining rights. Government should lead by example, and that starts with treating workers fairly—especially those dutifully serving our country. 
I look forward to him seeing for himself. If you do too, chip in:  
Throughout our history, communities of color and Tribal Nations have been harmed by deliberate decisions that damage the environment and their health. I’m proud to stand with the activists and Tribal leaders protecting Yucca Mountain. Your voices matter. 
To the students who came out: Thank you for bringing your questions and energy. One of the best parts about running is getting to meet young people with great ideas about how our country can do things differently. 
 The people of Nevada have opposed the Yucca Nuclear Waste Repository for decades. As President, will blo…
Our campaign has the best shot at defeating But the reality is, if we can’t raise $13 million before Super Tuesday, we might never get that  chance. Donate to help us stay competitive. 
 Today, as part of his roll out for his plan to protect public lands and diverse outdoor heritage, met with Nev…
 I’m here to help GOTC with my pal and Campaign Manager Mike Schmuhl, and our dear friends from back ho…
 Presidential hopeful tells me about where he gets his hope. 
A football field worth of natural areas disappears to human development every 30 seconds. That's why I am setting a national goal to protect and restore at least 30% of U.S. lands and oceans by 2030. 
Wishing a happy 80th birthday to and another year of “good trouble.” Thank you for your courage, grace, and leadership in our country’s ongoing march towards justice. 
It was a delight to be back on You bring so much joy and decency to our lives. 
We don’t have to choose between revolution and the status quo. Our campaign has shown there's a way forward that speaks for the rest of us—the majority seeking change. But we need your help to prepare that future.We need $13M by March 3—chip in to help:  
This is wrong. Presidents should welcome foreign films winning Oscars instead of foreign powers meddling in US elections. 
I stand with and women everywhere in demanding equal pay for equal work. You shouldn’t have to be world champions to be recognized and valued. 
Nuestras tierras públicas han formado nuestra identidad como país y son esenciales para nuestra sobrevivencia, pero intereses particulares las están saqueando y causando daños inigualables.  Estoy orgulloso de anunciar mi plan para proteger y restaurar nuestras tierras y aguas.
Our public lands have shaped who we are as a country. They're essential to our survival, yet special interests are pillaging these treasured spaces causing untold damage. Today I'm proud to announce my plan to protect and restore our lands and waters. 
 "This is common sense! says as President, he'd protect DREAMERs ; defend  in court. He also wa…
Russia is attacking our democracy once again. Yet rather than taking action, Trump is doing what he’s always done: blaming the messenger and letting Moscow off the hook. We need a President who defends America's interests, not Russia's.
 Paola has seen first-hand work to promote Latino businesses and build a sense of belonging across comm…
 We're building a broad, diverse coalition—and we're winning. But today announced we need to raise $13 m…
  talked very candidly with me. Don’t miss it tomorrow. 
Para enfrentar esta crisis climática, debemos incentivar el uso de millones de autos eléctricos en nuestro país. Cuando sea presidente, vamos a destinar $6 mil millones a la construcción de infraestructura pública para recargar estos vehículos utilizando energía renovable.
If we are to meet this climate crisis, we’re going to have to put millions of new electric vehicles on America’s roads. As president, I will dedicate $6 billion for states and cities to build public charging infrastructure powered by clean energy.  
Climate change threatens us all, but not equally. Those living in poverty or under systems of discrimination have the most to lose, and we must ensure that relief is delivered equitably. 
I'm honored to have the support of Lt. Governor a trailblazer who has dedicated his life to public service. Excited to welcome him to our team and work with him to unite the country around bold, progressive action. 
If you believe we shouldn’t have to choose between one candidate who wants to burn this party down and one candidate who wants to buy this party out, please help us raise $13 million before Super Tuesday so we can stay competitive in this race. 
My team is going to follow up with more detail, but the short of it is we’ve got to raise about $13 million before Super Tuesday to be competitive.
But here’s the reality: With Michael Bloomberg in the race, and with nine dark money groups supporting Bernie Sanders, the goal posts have changed.
This month, we won the Iowa Caucuses, and we came in second in New Hampshire—with just about 4,000 fewer votes from the sitting senator of the neighboring state. We’ve had some of our highest fundraising days, but frankly our numbers should have been better.
Later today, we are submitting our January fundraising report to the FEC. We raised $6 million the first month of this year, and an additional $11 million so far this month.
 🚨NEW ENDORSEMENT 🚨“It’s time for a generational change. It’s time to make America good again.Vote  f…
58 years ago, John Glenn became the first American launched into orbit. As a kid, I wanted to be an astronaut. That didn’t happen, but I continue to be inspired by the brave men and women of our space program who push the limits of our imagination. 
My Medicare For All Who Want It plan would be the most significant change to our health care system in decades—and it trusts the American people to make their own decision about their health care. 
 Tonight we’re hosting the first-ever "Pete Live!" event at 8pm EST. That's right, Pete will be live on a video call wit…
My heart goes out to this young boy. I stand with the AAPI community of LA and beyond in supporting you and your family. Bullying and racism have no place in this country, and you should never doubt that you belong. 
 As South Bend City Clerk, Kareemah worked with to revitalize neighborhoods and empower every community t…
Last night, I took the debate stage to make a case for our movement. We don’t have to choose between revolution and the status quo. There is a better way forward, and it starts with building an inclusive coalition. Join us. 
 Mayor is in the arena. Will you join him:  
If you look at a choice between revolution and the status quo and don’t see where you fit in that picture, join us:   
I was into Bernie before it was cool, and I appreciate that he's honest about his policies - like his policy that will raise taxes on anybody making more than $29,000 to fund his health care plan.  
  partnered with South Bend's primary Latino outreach center to create an "innovative, first-of-its kind…
The view from the porch of my one house in Indiana is that Wall Street and Washington can’t even see us sometimes.  
As the lone person onstage who’s not a millionaire, let alone a billionaire, I think it’s time that the voices of people that haven’t been heard in Washington actually be brought to Capitol Hill.  
Investing in Latino entrepreneurship is an investment in the future of America. Invertir en el emprendimiento Latino significa invertir en el futuro de los Estados Unidos.  
If we don’t meet our climate deadline, we’ll never meet any of our other policy deadlines. 
There's a powerful American majority ready to undertake the biggest, most progressive reform we've had in health care in 50 years, just so long as we don't force it on anybody. 
On issue after issue, Senator Sanders says if you’re not with him you must be for the status quo. That is a picture that leaves most Americans out. 
The idea that union members don’t know what’s best for them is exactly what makes Americans skeptical of our politics:   
 
Leadership isn’t just about policy. Leadership is about what you draw out of people. It’s about how you inspire people to act.  
 Read full plan to provide affordable health care for every American while protecting your freedom to c…
We can actually deliver health care without taking it away from anyone.  
We shouldn't have to choose between one candidate who wants to burn this party down and one candidate who wants to buy this party out.  
If we’re going to meet the challenges we face, we can’t afford 4 more years of the same toxic, divisive politics we have now. 
Let’s put forward a candidate who actually belongs to the middle class, a candidate who lives in a middle class neighborhood in the industrial Midwest. Someone who's actually a Democrat. 
How are we going to possibly fix our economy if the choice is between someone who thinks capitalism is the root of all evil and somebody who believes money is the root of all power? 
About to take the  stage and handing over my account to my team. Make sure you’re following along. And if you're able, chip in to help us reach 1 million donors by Super Tuesday: 
 It’s time we honored teachers more like soldiers and paid them more like doctors. 
 ¿Quién es un alcalde.Un veterano.Un esposo. Se pronuncia Bút-Ech-EchY será el próximo president…
Formerly incarcerated people are 10X more likely to experience homelessness. My housing justice plan offers $1 billion in support to help give returning citizens a second chance. 
It's sad that there’s even occasion to have to say this in 2020, but: I applaud the 11th Circuit for ruling that Florida's poll tax is illegal. It's racist and discriminatory, and has no place in our country. 
I'm proposing a plan to invest $100b in community solutions to mental health care, ensure all vets have access to treatment, and hold drugmakers profiting off the opioid crisis accountable. If we act, we can prevent 1 million deaths of despair by 2028. 
Thank you for your question and for showing up Please know that I do see you, and in every community I visit I meet folks who know the impact our mental health and addiction crisis can have on families. If we want to actually do something we must end the stigma. 
Barack Obama was an excellent president. What's disappointing is that someone in this race would suggest otherwise. 
 ICYMI: is offering Americans a better choice, one that doesn't require us to tear down the entire system…
Workers of held the picket line for 6 years, 4 months, and 10 days until they got the benefits they earned.As president, I will not only ensure they can keep their private health plan if they choose, but also work to make sure  is enough.
We’re 3 days away from the Nevada Caucus, a few hours away from the Nevada debate, and this is our moment. Chip in to help us reach 1 million donors and build our winning coalition 👇
Today, 78 years after FDR signed Executive Order 9066, our nation reflects on the racist internment of 120,000 Japanese Americans. We can never forget this terrible legacy nor what our country is capable of when we fail to see each other as fully human.  
 Welcome to  Thanks for standing up for the workers and 
Proud to stand with the cooks, servers, bartenders, and housekeepers of as they stand up for their right to organize. It's time for and others to follow the law. 
  is ready to build a majority that can achieve bold ideas—like universal health care—without tearing the…
 Thank you, couldn’t agree more. Our children should not have to grow up or go to school fearing being sho…
I’m happy to debate family values with Rush Limbaugh or Donald Trump.  
This president uses his pardon power to reward friends and allies.As president, I will start with pardoning nonviolent drug offenders caught up in the racial disparities of the war on drugs.  
God does not belong to a political party.  
My campaign wouldn't exist if all that mattered was how much money and fame you started with. Help us keep it going:  
Let’s not equate age with wisdom. After all, the oldest president in American history is in the White House right now. 
 
If you want to see that debate, chip in:  
My marriage has never involved me sending hush money to a porn star. I’m ready to have a debate with Donald Trump on family values.  
We must end Citizens United.  
Unions have worked hard to negotiate their private health plans. Who are we to tell them to give that up?  
We need to make this a country where your race has no bearing on your health, your wealth, or your relationship with law enforcement.  
 Are you watching the   Town Hall? is showing the nation why he’s ready to be Commander-in-Ch…
My plan will provide Medicare For All Who Want It. Everyone should have access to health care, but we should trust people to choose the plan that’s best for them. 
When we see kids learning active shooter drills before they’re learning to read, we know that Washington has its priorities wrong. 
We are experiencing a crisis of legitimacy in our justice system.  
The  is about to start. Handing over the account to my team so you can follow along on Twitter. If you’re watching, chip in and help us reach 1 million donors by Super Tuesday: 
Coming home can mean learning to live with wounds you couldn’t have anticipated and wounds you can’t even see. Our veterans fulfilled their promise to our nation. It’s time we ensure they receive the care they’ve earned:  
Ok, let's do it! 
Because of this administration’s cruel policies toward immigrants, thousands of Hmong and Lao people are in danger of being deported. Immigration is central to the American story, and we need a leader who values that. 
  finds that LGBTQ+ youth make up to 40% of unaccompanied homeless youth just released his housing plan,…
  will invest billions in our nation's HBCUs, empowering them to serve future leaders. Learn more 👉
We’re not going to beat Donald Trump with plans that raise middle class taxes and take away your choice.
The first time I took the  stage, folks didn’t know who I was or even how to pronounce my name. Now, we’re leading the Democratic delegate race 4 days before Nevada.  I’m taking the stage again at 9PM ET—tune in tonight:  
I’m proud to have worked alongside leaders like Apostle Michael Patton to empower Black residents of South Bend and strengthen our city. 
At our  earlier this month, I met a woman who had lost her daughter following a battle with mental health issues and substance use disorder. This is what I wanted her to know. 
My thoughts are with the people of Mississippi and Tennessee facing historic flooding. Be safe and know that Chasten and I will stand with your communities as you recover and rebuild. 
We’re 4 days away from the Nevada Caucus and we need to continue building our broad coalition to win. If you’re with me, chip in so we can reach our goal of 1 million donors before Super Tuesday. 
Native peoples and Tribal Nations have always led the fight against climate change. It’s time the federal government looked to the leadership and ingenuity of all communities to meet this crisis. 
Praying for a son of South Bend tonight, as we all wish the best for and his family after today’s devastating accident. 
 Nearly a decade ago, South Bend was written off as a "dying city." But under leadership, folks rallied…
The contributions of the Six Triple Eight to American intelligence and national security deserve full congressional recognition. These women defended this nation—now Congress should honor their service by passing S.633 and H.R.3138. Source: 
Deployed to Europe in WWII, the 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion’s all-Black Women's Army Corps unit faced bigotry at home and at war. Yet they still believed America was worth fighting for. 
 "Rather than calling for revolution, or accepting the old and broken ways of Washington, I see the solution in the powe…
Homelessness is a moral crisis. We know how to help Americans find permanent housing and yet Washington has failed to do so. As president, I will confront chronic and unsheltered homelessness, and we’ll end homelessness for families, youth, and veterans. 
We can’t risk going into the election of our lives with no answer for how we’ll pay for our proposals. Medicare for All Who Want It covers every American and is paid and accounted for. plan isn't. 
 Today, LGBTQ+ youth in America aren’t just grappling with a crisis of belonging in their communities, many are left wi…
 Running for office is an act of hope. So is knocking doors. So is calling Nevadans. So is chipping in. With 5 days le…
At its best, the presidency unites and uplifts the American people. Today, we're seeing it do the opposite.Let's make sure we do what it takes so that next  dignity is restored to the Oval Office.
This campaign didn’t start with a personal fortune, national name recognition, or even a big Twitter following. But with your help we showed we can build the broad coalition we need to beat Trump. If you’re with us, chip in. 
Redlining didn’t just force Black Americans to live in segregated neighborhoods—it robbed them of billions in economic opportunity. We both must right these past wrongs while eliminating the discriminatory and predatory practices that exist today. 
Corporate greed and generations-long racist policies have thrown millions of Americans into a housing crisis that threatens our economy, health, and sense of belonging.Today, I’m proud to put forward my plan to build housing justice in America. 
Americans agree: We need universal health care.I just happen to believe we don’t need to divide the country to get it. 
And yes, she is an American. 
The Kyoto Protocol went into effect 15 years ago. The US never ratified the agreement, and today we remain dangerously behind on climate. I will rejoin the Paris Agreement on my first day as president. America must lead the world in fighting climate change.
I’m running for president because I believe fair wages, affordable health care, and climate solutions are ideas Americans can get behind. And if we unite behind them, I know we can deliver. If you’re ready, chip in. 
Medicare for All Who Want It covers every American and won’t raise taxes on the middle class. plan raises taxes on every American making over $29,000. This election will decide which plan we take on Donald Trump with.
 Yesterday, over 5000 people gathered in Sacramento to hear vision for the future. It's going to take a…
A DREAMer asked me what I thought about DACA. This is what I told him. 
SC Rep and I share the belief that communities shouldn’t have to fight for access to clean water. We have a moral responsibility to limit contaminants in our water, invest in detection tech ; expand enforcement of environmental protections.
Este país es tu país también. 
 Our organizers are making their way across Nevada, knocking doors, meeting caucus-goers, and doing everything it takes…
This was a hard-fought win for North Dakota’s Tribal Nations. Disenfranchisement of Native people is part of the broader systematic effort to take away the political power of people of color. Every American has the right to the ballot box.
For generations Black Americans have been expected to fight twice as hard for the same opportunities available to white Americans, and the legacy of systemic racism has been ignored or denied. We need systemic action to reverse these harms. 
We’re 7 days out! From Elko to Henderson, our campaign has offices across Nevada working to reach every caucus-goer. Your support can help keep our ground game strong before next week’s Caucus: 
Medicare for All Who Want It ensures every American has access to affordable health care, but doesn't eliminate private insurance or force seniors off Medicare Advantage. Trusting them to make the choice that's right for them isn't just the right thing to do; it's how we win. 
My plan lets everyone choose a public plan without forcing anyone off their private plans. The question is whether you trust the American people—including the working people of make the health care choice that's right for them.I do. Why don't you? 
Happy Valentine’s Day to the one I love. 
This campaign is growing, and we’re taking our message across the country. Help us continue organizing everywhere and bringing everyone into our movement.Chip in:  
We created the Douglass Plan to honor his vision, not just by embodying his words and ideals, but transforming them into actionable and deliberate policies to lift up Black Americans and others who have historically faced discrimination. 
Frederick Douglass saw that the destiny of Black America is the destiny of America, and called upon our nation to live up to its promise. Douglass Day is about honoring his legacy by reflecting on the ways we fall short of it, and understanding the ways we must do better.
My plan gets us universal care without abolishing private plans, so if you like what you have, you won’t be forced off it. America's 14 million union workers have earned the right to choose what’s right for them—whether that's a public plan or the plan they've negotiated for. 
 is among Nevada’s strongest gun control advocates. After surviving the 2017 mass shooting in Las Vegas, she authored comprehensive firearms legislation to protect the lives of all Nevadans. Proud to have her courageous voice on  
 Today marks two years since the unthinkable happened in our community. Many tears will be shed as we remember and honor t…
Today we honor the memory of the 17 people who died in the mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland. To the families, first responders, Parkland community, and survivors of gun violence everywhere, 2020 must be the year we stop accepting the unacceptable.
Peter Wang, 15
Carmen Schentrup, 16
Alex Schachter, 14
Helena Ramsay, 17
Meadow Pollack, 18
Alaina Petty, 14
Joaquin Oliver, 17
Gina Montalto, 14
Cara Loughran, 14
Luke Hoyer, 15
Chris Hixon, 49
Jamie Guttenberg, 14
Aaron Feis, 37
Nicholas Dworet, 17
Martin Duque Anguiano, 14
Scott Beigel, 35
Alyssa Alhadeff, 14
 Gregorio Chavez is a South Bend institution. He’s on  because he saw serve everyone when he was…
There is nothing more self-evident: we all belong in this country.
¿Así, o más claro? 
Thank you Lieutenant Governor From combating climate change to fighting for immigration justice to empowering workers, you have shown that you're a leader for all Californians. I'm honored to have your support. 
I know I’m probably biased, but we have the best organizers out there. Every day, they bring the energy, kindness, and sense of belonging we need in a movement that’s going to face this president. Help us support their work by chipping in:  
I strongly support today’s bipartisan Senate War Powers resolution restraining the president from going to war with Iran without Congress’ approval. We owe our service members careful deliberation before we send them to war—thank you for your leadership.
My 'Medicare For All Who Want It' plan will cover every American, and protect 14 million union workers who negotiated for strong plans and 22 million seniors who choose Medicare Advantage. 
We can't risk going into the most important election of our lives with a divisive approach that would eliminate private health care plans and health care choices for Americans.
If you want to know what’s at stake in this election, just head over to a union hall and ask. Working families are fighting for the wages, health care, and the opportunities they deserve. I am standing with them in that fight:  
 Today, Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander-Serving Institutions serve over 40% of AAPI students. My administration will invest $50 billion in Minority-Serving Institutions to provide the dedicated support AANAPISIs need to continue empowering students. 
 I’ll start by making college more affordable for all by providing free or subsidized tuition for 90% of Americans. I will also cancel debt for borrowers who went to for-profit programs that did not meet standards. 
 To lift up low-income AAPI communities we will empower workers and raise the minimum wage to $15, inves…
 Between 2016 and 2017, the number of hate crime victims doubled in the Native Hawaiian community and tripled in the Sikh American community. We’re going to invest an additional $1 billion to help law enforcement agencies track and combat hate crimes. 
 When I am President, we’ll bring people together to finally pass common-sense gun reforms that most Americans support. That means universal background checks, an assault weapons ban, and red flag laws to prevent individuals who are a threat to themselves or others. 
 Our immigration enforcement system is broken. We must expand our resources and compassion for asylum seekers, refugees, and victims of crimes like human trafficking. 
 We need to reduce the family-based visa backlog, increase the number of family reunification visas, and eliminate discriminatory per-country caps. 
 Immigration is central to the American story. It’s time to reverse the cruel, counterproductive policies of this administration, welcome immigrants to our shores, and make sure that they can access every opportunity our country offers. 
 The United States at its best has always been a beacon of opportunity for people around the world. It’s this hope for excellence and opportunity that brought my father to America. 
 The 1964 Civil Rights Act promised equal access to federally funded programs for Americans who speak pr…
 My administration will also develop a National Health Equity Strategy, which will ensure equal access to quality health care across language barriers, and expand investments in dual language programs for students. 
 The 1964 Civil Rights Act promised equal access to federally funded programs for Americans who speak primary languages other than English. It’s time that we fulfill that promise. 
 To lift up low-income AAPI communities we will empower workers and raise the minimum wage to $15, invest $10 billion to support small business owners and entrepreneurs from underrepresented backgrounds, and create 3 million more jobs in underserved communities. 
 In health care, this means increasing investments to research health disparities for AAPI communities and ensuring that all research programs report disaggregated data. 
 To dismantle the barriers that AAPIs face, we have to understand the specific challenges each distinct AAPI community and individual faces. In education, this means collecting disaggregated data on teacher hiring, student outcomes, and the student experience. 
 From the Marshallese Americans in Iowa seeking belonging in a new community to Hawaiians striving to preserve their cultural identity, NHPI Americans are critical to our nation's story and we need to lift their voices to shape our policies. 
 First off, we need to stop treating the AAPI community like some kind of monolith. They’re anything but. That’s why I prioritize working with AAPI leaders with backgrounds and experiences in all communities. 
 One-third of our policy team is AAPI and my administration will recruit AAPI leaders at all levels—not just to shape decisions specific to their communities, but all decisions of national importance. 
 Asian American ; Pacific Islanders have been core to our nation's strength yet have faced a history of exclusion—from the Chinese Exclusion Act to Japanese internment. We often overlook that legacy, in part because the community is not given a voice. That must end. 
Looking forward to joining the  Twitter Town Hall today! 
I stand with and their fight for better wages, world class health care, and the American dream for working and immigrant families. No one should ever attack them for fighting and delivering for their members.
Yo estoy con y su lucha por un mejor sueldo, atención médica de clase mundial y el sueño americano para familias de trabajadores e inmigrantes. Nadie debería atacarlos por seguir luchando y obteniendo resultados para sus miembros.
Our campaign is looking ahead—to the west, to the south, and to communities all across our country. At every step we’ll build the coalition that will defeat Donald Trump and put Trumpism in the dustbin of history. Chip in to build this movement:  
Grateful to have the support of Columbus City Council President who has made big strides expanding access to affordable housing and closing the opportunity gap for boys and young men of color in his city. 
We won’t defeat the most divisive president in modern American history by tearing down anybody who doesn't agree with us 100%. “My way or the highway" politics is the road to reelecting Donald Trump. 
Proud to have the support of South Carolina Representative He understands that we are facing a new era of challenges, and the best way to meet them is with a new generation of leadership. 
When people of color fear for their own place in their own country, when infants are torn from their parents at the border—the stakes could not be higher. We must end the era of Donald Trump. 
The president’s interference with the prosecution of his personal friend, Roger Stone, is dangerous. We can’t afford four more years of corruption.
Thank you to the incredible New Hampshire team—it's because of your hard work that this campaign is moving forward. You inspire me, and I cannot say enough how thankful I am. 
 understands that the way to beat Donald Trump and move our country forward is to bring people in, not push people away. I admire Governor Patrick and look forward to working with him to do just that.
Last night, Granite Staters chose to meet a new era of challenge with a new generation of leadership.Now we’re growing the coalition that will defeat this president. If you’re with us, chip in: 
Hay 14 millones de trabajadores sindicales en Estados Unidos que han dado una gran lucha por beneficios de salud provistos por sus empleadores. Medicare for All Who Want It protege sus planes y su libertad de escoger la mejor cobertura.
There are 14 million union workers in America who have fought hard for strong, employer-provided health benefits. Medicare for All Who Want It protects their plans and union members' freedom to choose the coverage that's best for them.
This election isn't just historic, it's urgent. And tonight, we look forward knowing this is our one shot not just to end the era of Donald Trump, but to launch the era that must come next.Join us as we turn the page to a new chapter in America's story:  
Thank you, New Hampshire. Tonight, you proved the power of a politics defined by addition, not polarization. And you showed that a campaign some said shouldn't be here at all is here to stay. 
Tonight was phenomenal for our campaign. We have defied expectations and shown that we are here to stay—and are full steam ahead toward Nevada, South Carolina, and beyond.I hope you can chip in tonight to keep this energy going:  
I’m asking you to join us in taking a stand for a better future.Join us as we turn the page and open a new chapter in the American story. Join us: 
We can say to a Dreamer lying awake at night, questioning if this country is her own, that this country is your country too.
We can tell an autoworker buffeted by tectonic shifts in our economy—that yes our economic future has a place for you, and we need you in it.
We can say to a young woman in a headscarf enduring racial taunts, to a young man feeling fear instead of safety when he spots the lights of a police vehicle—you belong securely in the heart of the American project
Together we will deliver a democracy worthy of the name. No more manipulated districts, no more dollars outvoting people. And—whether that’s the Black vote in Georgia, the Native vote in North Dakota, or the student vote here in New Hampshire—no more voter suppression.
Together we will deliver the day where your race has no bearing on your health, your wealth, your access to education, or your experience with law enforcement.
Together we will stop sending our young people into the teeth of endless wars and start recruiting every American in the fight for our climate future.
Together we will stop enabling corporate greed and start raising wages; empowering workers and making good on the idea that one job should be enough.
Together we are building a future in which there is no such thing as an uninsured American or an unaffordable prescription.
This is the powerful majority we’re gathering together—it is a coalition of addition and not subtraction. A movement reaching into church basements and barbershops, into universities and union halls, carrying the same values everywhere we go.
A fresh outlook is what makes new beginnings possible. And election after election has shown us that putting forward a new perspective is how Democrats win the White House.
To win and to govern, we need to bring new voices to our capital. We need to get Washington working more like our best run cities and towns, rather than the other way around.
We also know that we can’t defeat such disruptive president by relying on the same Washington framework and mindset.
We’re not going to defeat the most divisive president in modern history by tearing down anyone who doesn’t agree with us 100 percent of the time.
My competitors and I share the same fundamental goals—bringing balance to our economy, guaranteeing health care to every American, combating a climate crisis and a rising tide of gun violence. But we do differ in what we believe it will take to make that happen.
When a Commander-in-Chief pardons war criminals and punishes war heroes, while systematically demolishing the credibility of our country in the eyes of the world—we dare not risk four more years of this presidency—we must get this right.
When people of color fear for their own place in their own country, while infants are torn from their parents at the border—we must get this right.
When Americans live under an unaccountable president who will cut taxes for corporations and then cut Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security for the rest of us—we must get this right.
We go forward knowing that this is our chance—our only chance—not just to end the era of Donald Trump, but to launch the era that must come next.
And if our campaign moves you, I hope you’ll go to  and contribute what you can.
We go forward fueled by hundreds of thousands of grassroots supporters—from the woman in Minnesota who donated in honor of the wife she lost to lung cancer, to the veteran from Connecticut who sent $19.68, in honor of the year he served in Vietnam. This campaign belongs to them.
Now, our campaign moves on—to Nevada and South Carolina, and to communities all across our country—welcoming new allies to our movement at every step.

So many of you turned out—die-hard Democrats, Independents unwilling to stay on the sidelines, and even some newly-former Republicans, ready to vote for something new. Ready to vote for a politics defined by how many we can call in, instead of by who we push out.
Here in a state that goes by the motto “Live Free or Die,” you made up your own minds. You asserted that famous independent streak. And thanks to you, a campaign some said shouldn't be here at all, has shown that we are here to stay.
I know that we all share the spirit we heard from some of our volunteers at the polls earlier today, who welcomed another candidate with chants of “Vote Blue No Matter Who.”
I want to congratulate my competitors and their supporters on their campaigns here in New Hampshire.

Senator is not afraid to speak truth to power. At a time when Americans are questioning whether they can trust Washington, we are lucky to have leaders like Senator Bennet standing for integrity, and I am grateful for his contribution to this race.
 started out unknown, but went on to make a big impact with his campaign built on preparing for America’s future. Andrew, we’ll miss you and the  on the trail, but I can’t wait to work together to help prepare America for the challenges ahead.
Voting is an act of hope. It reflects faith in democracy, and its power to make our union more perfect. We believe in a better tomorrow, made possible by action today. New Hampshire, your hope has powered our movement, and tonight is our moment. Let's finish strong. 
 This week,  was proud to introduce its newest member: believes will be the pr…
 "The biggest thing I see is how seriously New Hampshire voters take the responsibility that they have." admires h…
In barns and backyards, diner cars and school gyms, the people of New Hampshire have stood up and declared they’re ready for change. Change begins at the polls:  
For too long, we’ve shied away from the most effective response to mental health and addiction: evidence-based treatment is how we help those with substance use disorder heal and transform their lives with dignity. 
 Polls are open in the Granite State! If you’re rooting for in tonight’s  primary, please take a fe…
  is everywhere today in the Granite State  
Climate change hasn’t spared New Hampshire. Summer storms have intensified, invasive species have moved further north, and businesses can’t keep up with increasingly unpredictable winters.We’re already living with climate change. New Hampshire can’t wait for us to act. 
 You can still make a difference in this race no matter where you are. Call New Hampshire voters and get them to the pol…
If you are one of the hundreds of people who knocked doors, made calls, or introduced neighbors to this movement—thank you.You’ve taken this campaign from four people in a cramped office to a broad coalition ready to beat Trump and write the next chapter of the American story. 
America must keep its promise to those who put their lives on the line to defend it.When I'm president, veterans will get the care they've earned:  
 No one else I’d rather brave the snow and rain with on primary day! ❄️ A big thanks to all of the  supporte…
 Pat is a Granite Stater, former factory worker, and  superfan. With endless energy and joy, she is helping ele…
New Hampshire: No matter what your community looks like or who you voted for in the past, today is your chance to join a movement for change:   
To make this happen, we’re going to need all hands on deck. Here’s what you can do:🗳Find your polling place: 📱Call Granite Staters: 💵Chip in for the finish line: 
New Hampshire, the choice you make today will shape our nation’s future.If you’re ready to leave the old ways of Washington behind and make real progress, vote today. Together, we’ll build the coalition we need to defeat Trump in November.
 Thank you to all the supporters who braved the snow and rain this morning in Hopkinton! This is democra…
 New Hampshire, this is your moment. If you’re ready to join the coalition that is going to win the most consequential e…
Thank you, Congresswoman!  
  spotted greeting voters outside of a polling location in Manchester 
 We’ve got less than 24 hours before voters head to the polls. Help them find their voting location: 
Now is the time to build the coalition and win the victories we need to defeat Donald Trump. In less than 24 hours, New Hampshire will leave its mark on this race. Now’s the time to leave your mark on this campaign: 
Facing a president this disruptive, we cannot risk relying on the same old playbook. Facing a president this divisive, we cannot risk further polarizing Americans.Let's make room for everybody in this movement. 
I can’t wait to tell my future children how 2020 was the year we summoned the courage to finally break with the past and meet our challenges on climate change, on gun violence, and on racial and economic inequality. 
 🚨NEW HAMPSHIRE UPDATE drew over 5,000 Granite Staters yesterday—the largest single-day turnout of the…
 Folks across the Granite State are joining our movement for change. Make sure they get to the polls: 
 asked me the other day why I chose to serve in the military. Here’s my answer. 
This president just broke another promise, choosing to support corporate interests at the expense of hard-working Americans. His cuts to health care, clean water and air, education, food, housing, and foreign aid will hurt American families and our nation’s leadership abroad. 
Everywhere I go, people tell me our campaign has the kindest, hardest-working organizers. They left home, family, and jobs to help neighbors find common ground and lead their communities. They inspire me every day. To fuel our team, please chip in here: 
Thank you to the over 5,000 people who joined us in Nashua, Dover, Salem, and Londonderry—for showing the nation what a movement for change looks like in the Granite State. Let’s take this energy to the polls on Tuesday and through to November. 
Americans shouldn’t have to spend their life savings to care for themselves or their loved ones. Barb and Vicky, thank you for sharing your families’ stories and advocating for all Americans to be able to age and retire with dignity:  
 Deah Barakat, 23Yusor Abu-Salha, 21Razan Abu-Salha, 19Today marks 5 years since three Muslim college students were…
 "If you believe in an American future defined by belonging...boldness...unity, this is our chance. New Hampshire, on Tu…
Congratulations to all of tonight's  nominees. Great films allow us to momentarily inhabit the lives and the hearts and the challenges of another person. That matters. And that's why I'm glad to see Hair Love, Little Women, and For Sama included among this year's nominees.
We can’t write people off because of who they used to vote for or if they don’t agree with us 100% of the time.Unity isn’t just what we need, it’s how we win. 
 A warm welcome on a cold day in Nashua from 2000 fired up supporters! Wonderful to be with my friend to s…
Thanks for joining me in New Hampshire!Grateful for your support and for the urgency, hope, and determination you bring to your work—and that you’ll bring to our movement. 
There is no shortage of stories about people of color to be told and no shortage of talented people of color to tell them. It’s time for Hollywood to raise its standards and remove the barriers that have allowed talent to go undiscovered and uncelebrated for generations. 
 WATCH: responds to a voter who says she won’t support Buttigieg because he’s married to a man.  
 "I will stack up my record against anybody else who is running for president, all of whom are implicated in the realities…
 . on the history he's making with his candidacy: "There was a moment ... when Chasten pulled me in and rem…
The timeline that compels us to act on climate change isn’t set by Congress—it’s determined by science. The time to act is now. When I am president, we will. 
Thank you to everyone who joined me at this week’s veterans town hall in Merrimack. We must do a better job of honoring our veterans, providing the care they deserve, and empowering them to keep serving as civilians. They show the power of service and set an example for us all. 
52 years ago, Samuel Hammond Jr., Henry Smith, and Delano Middleton were killed by police following a protest in Orangeburg, S.C.Honoring them means righting the wrongs of systemic racism so that race has no bearing on your health, wealth, or experience with the legal system. 
We’re just 3 days away from the  primary, and this is our shot to come together and deliver a better future before it is too late. If you’ve already chipped in, I’m asking you to do it again. If you haven’t, I’m asking you to join our movement: 
My place on the  stage was never a given. It took the hope and support of 65,000 Americans to first earn our spot. Now here we are, the day after the 8th debate with 800,000 donors powering our movement. To all of you, thank you. I am profoundly grateful.
On Tuesday, New Hampshire voters will make their choice.During tonight's  I made the case for breaking with the politics of the past and delivering a better future before it's too late. If you’re with me, join me, vote for me, and chip in: 
I will not pursue politics by telling people they can't be at our side if they're not with us 100% of the time.This is a time for addition not rejection, for belonging not exclusion. 
When I’m president, we’re going to measure our economy by the income growth of the 90%, not by the Dow Jones.  
A dose of Narcan can save a life. But what comes next? The shortage of mental health and addiction providers in this country is life-threatening. We must act to change that and save lives when we do. 
It's time to turn the page.  
Donald Trump reportedly raised $25 million – today. We’re going into the fight of our lives, and we can’t win with one hand tied behind our back. If you’re ready to defeat this president, donate now:  
When I'm president, we're going to measure the economy not by the heights of the Dow Jones, but by how much a worker has in her pocket. 
We cannot dismantle systemic racism with neutral policies. Only anti-racist policies can do that.  
Not just in order to win, but in order to govern. The next president will face unprecedented challenges that will require bringing the American people together.  
 
 
We need a constitutional amendment to end Citizens United and protect our democracy.  
Incarceration should no longer be the response to drug possession.  
This is not an episode of "24"  
We cannot allow the Supreme Court to become one more political battlefield. The time has come for us to think bigger. We need a constitutional amendment to protect our democracy. 
 
We are not going to let them change the subject. We’ve got to draw a line. This is about abuse of power by this president—and his unbelievably dishonorable actions. We cannot allow him to get a second term.  
 
We cannot solve the problems before us by looking back. It’s time to meet this moment.  
 
The Senate was the jury on Wednesday, but we will be the jury tomorrow. The last word on Donald Trump and Trumpism will come through the American people—at ballot boxes across the country. 
It’s time to galvanize—not polarize—the American people around bold ideas and actually get things done.  
I’m not interested in labels and I don’t think New Hampshire voters are either. I’m interested in politics that will allow us to finally turn the page—not just to win, but to govern.  
 
It's time to bring Americans together and actually get things done. 
I'm about to take the stage. If you're with me, please chip in to power our movement and help us bring our message of belonging to even more Americans: My team will be tweeting while I'm up there—stay tuned.Hope to make you proud.
Tonight, I’ll take the  stage for the first time since Iowa and the last before New Hampshire’s  primary.We launched with little more than hope in our hearts and bold ideas for a better future.It took your support to get us here—thank you.
Round 8.  
We started with 4 people in a cramped office. No national name ID. No big bank account or email list. But we had hope. We had you—and together we've built a movement. Now we're 4 days from the  primary. If you're ready to win, chip in: 
Systemic racism is reflected in a society that doesn't value Black lives.On what would have been Sandra Bland's 33rd birthday, let us honor the legacy of her life by confronting the reasons her life was cut short.
 This is the team. is the candidate. Tonight is the last  before New Hampshire. Tune in at 8PM…
Your health should never be determined by who you are, what you look like, or whom you love. Yet Black Americans are disproportionately impacted by HIV/AIDS. It’s unacceptable.My White House will commit to ending the HIV/AIDS epidemic by 2030:   
The New Hampshire primary is just 4 days away.We know we're still the underdog. But we're powered by the same hope and vision for a better politics that is building a new majority for change. If you’re with us, please chip in:  
 4 days. Let’s make it happen:  
Thank you, Iowa!This is our shot, America. If you are ready to chart a bold new course for the country we love, I am asking you to join us, vote for this vision, and chip in to build the movement that will bring us together and defeat Donald Trump:  
Just stepped off the  stage—I hope I made you proud. If you're with me and the majority we're building to defeat Donald Trump and meet our greatest challenges, chip in: 
The shape of our democracy is the issue that affects every other issue.  
All Americans, regardless of background or class, should feel called to serve our nation, whether it’s in the military or national service programs. Service brings us together and promotes our values.  
Right now, there are so many LGBTQ+ people, especially young people, questioning whether they fit in their communities.We've got a long way to go before achieving full equality, but I hope they were watching tonight, with my husband in the audience, and know that they belong. 
I believe the presidency belongs to people of faith and no faith at all. I also believe that people of faith have a choice to make when it comes to this president.  
 
Our elections are being threatened by foreign interference—and interference here at home. Gerrymandering is interference. Racial voter suppression is interference. We need a 21st Century Voting Rights Act.  
Mental health struggles affect every family, every workplace, every community, every neighborhood. I will be a president who not only works to get the policy right, but gives voice to those struggles.  
Medicare for All Who Want It would represent the biggest transformation in health care since the invention of Medicare itself. But it’s also an idea that can unite the American people.  
This president’s idea of a security strategy is to build a big wall and a moat full of alligators.  
This is 2020. This is an election year. The Senate may have been the jury yesterday, but we the people will be the jury in November. The final verdict is going to be up to us.  
This is an extraordinary moment for the movement we’re building—the movement that will go on to New Hampshire and on to win the nomination. But only if we go together. If you’re with us, chip in:  
I’m about to take the stage at the  first time I was here, few people knew me or how to pronounce my name. Now we've won the Iowa Caucuses and we’re just 5 days away from the New Hampshire Primary—tune in.
 A television moment that helped launch a movement is back on the  stage tonight—tune in at…
 One year ago, called on us to build an alliance among generations to make sure the future really is bett…
 A lot more people are saying his name these days.. is back on the  stage tonight—watch 
 Presidential candidate explains to why he's ready to challenge Trump on the economy. 
 I know , I trust Pete and I believe he's ready to move our country forward. 
We’re 5 days away from the  primary, and we need everyone to do their part.5 minutes and a phone is all you need to GOTV today:  
 TONIGHT: Democratic presidential candidate is here! Plus sits down to talk his stand up t…
After tonight’s  watch me talk with about the state of the race and how we can build a winning majority to defeat Donald Trump and lead our country forward. 
Tonight I’ll take the stage for our  event. My first event was a game-changing moment for my candidacy and our movement. Tonight’s is a chance to share our winning message with even more Americans. 
The Rules of the Road that guide our campaign—the values that guided Nikki, a volunteer—will be the values I bring with me to the White House. Some Americans will not agree with me or support me, but I will be a president for them and those they love too. 
 REMINDER: After tonight’s Town Hall, is joining on the Tune in at…
  responds to Vice President Pence comparing Nancy Pelosi ripping up Pres. Trump’s speech to ripping up the Cons…
 MORE: “We’ve got to win big enough that we send not only Trump but Trump-ism into the history books and send o…
 MORE: reacts to Biden’s comments on his experience: “If that argument is about electability, and the ability to…
  on Romney’s vote to convict Trump: “He cares about his relationship with God, and for him, that adds up to hav…
Over the next 5 days, I’ll be meeting every Granite State voter I can, everywhere. It’s been great to be back in New Hampshire, and with your support, I know we can win:  
 COMING UP: Presidential hopeful joins us LIVE at the  table. 
The Senate was the jury today, but we will be the jury tomorrow. The last word on Donald Trump and Trumpism will come through the American people—at ballot boxes across the country.
Trayvon Martin would have been 25 today.How many 25th birthdays have been stolen from us by white supremacy, gun violence, prejudice, and fear?
Great to be back in the Granite State.Thank you to everyone in Manchester, Portsmouth, Laconia, and Concord who brought the energy that’s going to turn out the vote next Tuesday. 
 
Tonight, the president offered the same divisive, dangerous approach that will further polarize us just as we need to come together the most.If you're ready to turn the page, join us:  
What happened in Iowa validates our vision that if we called on folks in every kind of community to come together in common purpose, that message can bring people forward and power the campaign to defeat Donald Trump. 
Whether the stock market is up or down isn’t how you measure economic success. America deserves a president who will focus on making lives better for working families and not the wealthiest and biggest corporations. 
Something is stirring in America. 
 
 
No matter who you voted for in elections past—and for that matter, no matter who you caucused for this time—we welcome you to our campaign and you belong in the future that we are building for America. Join us:  
 
Tonight’s results not only represent an astonishing victory for our movement, they validate the message of belonging that brought us here. If you believe that a new and better vision can bring about a better day, join us:  
 NEW from With 62% of precincts reporting, leads the state delegate count in the 
Iowa chose a new path—a choice New Hampshire can make one week from today.If you're with me, chip in:  
The pundits didn’t see our coalition coming.This president won't see it coming either. 
Thank you, Mayor Donchess! I’m proud to have your support. 

Last night was the end of the beginning:  
We have exactly one shot to defeat Donald Trump. This is the campaign that will do it. If you’re with me, let’s go:  
It is time to carry the voices of the American people all the way to the American capital. 
 Last night, we proved the skeptics wrong. Let’s do it again in 7 days. If you’re with chip in: 
Last night, our campaign gathered support in urban, suburban, and rural areas alike. In blue and red counties across Iowa. Americans everywhere are ready for a new kind of politics. 
Last night, our campaign gathered support in urban, suburban, and rural areas alike. In blue and red counties across Iowa. Americans everywhere are ready for a new kind of politics. 
We're on our way to New Hampshire, on to the nomination, and on to chart a bold new course for our country. But only if you're with me.If you can, please chip in:  
Together we will build the America that so many Americans chose tonight, and that a majority of Americans will choose in November.If you’re with me, if you’re ready, please chip in right now. On to New Hampshire! 
 
If you’re ready to build an American future defined by unity in the face of our greatest challenges, this is our chance. 
If you’re ready to build an American life defined by belonging, this is our chance.  If you’re ready to build an American politics defined by boldness, this is our chance. 
I believe in American unity. I believe in American boldness. 
I believe the presidency has a purpose.  
This campaign has room for everyone.  
 
We are defined not by who we voted for in the past but by what we’re voting for in the future. 
 
A president who avoided serving when it was his turn should have to stand next to a veteran ready to show what troops and veterans deserve from a real Commander-in-Chief. 
 
We will continue building the movement that will not only win the election against Donald Trump but win the era for our shared values.We have exactly one shot to defeat Donald Trump. This is our shot. 
You chose to move on not just from the broken policies of the last few years, but the broken politics that got us here. Tomorrow, because of what we did here, the nation will have that choice too. 
Tonight, Iowa chose a new path. 
And anyone who shares our vision can join the 750,000 grassroots supporters fueling our movement and chip in: 
I want to thank every member of our campaign family, every organizer, every volunteer, every caucus-goer who talked to a neighbor or a coworker, every supporter who believed. 
The skeptics said “not now.” “Not this time.” All this talk of “belonging,” of bridging divides, is too naive. Too risky.  So tonight I say—with a heart filled with gratitude—Iowa, you’ve proved those skeptics wrong. 
Americans were ready to come together, but our politics weren’t. To seize this moment we needed a new path forward. That welcomed people instead of pushed them away—brought them together instead of driving them apart. Because this is our best—and maybe last—shot. 
We could see an American majority yearning for leadership to rally us together behind bold ideas that would make difference in our lives. 
We had the belief that in the face of exhaustion, cynicism, and division—in spite of every trampled norm and poisonous tweet, that a rising majority of Americans was hungry for action and ready for new answers. 
The idea that at a moment when Washington has never felt further from our lives, a middle-class mayor from the Midwest could carry the voices of the American people all the way to the American capital—and make sure they're actually heard. 
One year ago, we began this unlikely journey to win the American presidency.We weren’t well known, but we had a new idea. 
Iowa, you have shocked the nation.By all indications, we are going on to New Hampshire victorious. 
Tonight, an improbable hope became an undeniable reality. 
I’m about to take the stage in Des Moines to talk about the history we’ve made tonight and how and why we must move forward together. This is our shot. With your help, we will seize this moment. Chip in—and follow along. My team will be tweeting. 
Thank you, Iowa. The work we’ve done, the movement we’ve built, will begin to turn the page and change the trajectory of our country.I believe you will make me the next President of the United States, and I will do everything I can to make you proud. 
Running for office is an act of hope. So is volunteering. So is caucusing.Iowans, as you caucus today, carry with you the hope of a better American future. Hope that propels us toward action to make that future a reality.
Iowa, this is our moment:  
 Find your caucus location:  
 Iowans, change starts with what you do today. Get ready and get out the caucus:   h…
 
 
 
 
 
 This is the moment we’ve been working toward:   
 This is the moment we’ve been working toward:   
I'm in awe of what we've built: began with just 4 people in a cramped office in South Bend. Now it's a formidable organization powered by thousands of passionate organizers and volunteers.We're ready to win Iowa:  
 Team Pete  UPDATE as of 3:15 PM ET:During the 11 AM CT canvass shift, MORE volunteers across Iowa showed…
Iowa, tonight is our shot to turn the page toward a bold new course for our country. 
Iowa, are you ready? Find your caucus location here:  
 Team Pete  UPDATE as of 1:30 PM ET:Right now,  volunteers are knocking on nearly 20,000 doors a…
This is our moment to galvanize a historic majority ready to meet the greatest challenges in generations. I’m ready, and I hope you are too:  
Back in November, I told you that I am ready to gather up an American majority that is hungry for change and done with division. I am more ready than ever. Are you? Iowa, let’s go make history. 
Today’s the day, Iowa.Find your caucus location and additional information here:  
Tonight, Iowans will take the first step toward a new era for our country. 
I am profoundly grateful to have the support of Americans across the country, and tonight I hope to earn the support of Iowans in caucus rooms across the state. Let’s go win:  
I hear folks saying we need to choose between following our heads or our hearts. I reject that choice—and the American people should too.
 WATCH: Pete Buttigieg discusses his big takeaway after campaigning in Iowa, saying "politics is about our personal lives." "It…
 Today is the day! What will happen in November begins tonight. If you’re in Iowa, make sure you look up your caucus l…
The way to win—to defeat this president and unite our country—is to bring everybody in.I am asking you to join me, caucus for me, and chip in to help us turn the page to what comes next:  
Americans are hungry for a president and a movement that will rally us all around a shared vision for the future—one defined not by exclusion, but by belonging.
Then, if you can, please chip in to help us sprint across the finish line in Iowa, and keep up our momentum into New Hampshire in just 8 days: 
If you know anybody in Iowa, now is the time to call them and make sure they’re caucusing tonight to help turn the page to what must come next.If you are in Iowa, make sure you know where you are caucusing tonight: 
Tonight, folks here in the Hawkeye State start caucusing for the person they think should be the Democratic nominee. Right now, we’re the best-positioned campaign to win against Donald Trump, but the challenge we face is making it that far.
I joined this race a year ago seeing how the last presidential election led to desolation and division. But after spending months on the trail bringing our message to millions, I saw firsthand the resilience of American families and the hope they carry for the future.
What will happen in November begins tomorrow. 
 THREAD: Today over 2,000 Iowans came out to see last rally in Des Moines before Caucus day. Here are…
This is our moment to come together and write history.This is our moment to break from the politics of the past.If you’re ready to turn the page to what must come next, chip in before we head into the Iowa Caucuses tomorrow: 
History shows us that the biggest risk we could take would be to look to the same Washington playbook and recycle the same arguments—and expect that to work against a president like Donald Trump.
We've got to galvanize, not polarize, the historic American majority that we have right now, in order to win and in order to govern and actually get big things done.
Every time Democrats have won the White House in the last half century, we’ve had a candidate who is focused on the future—one who hadn't been in Washington very long, if at all, and was opening the door to a new generation of leadership.
An Iowa farmer has as much to fear from the cost of climate change as a student in New York. It’s time to bring Americans together to tackle our climate emergency before it’s too late. 
We don’t have to choose between winning big and governing well.Together, we will do both—and actually get things done. 
Feel free to choose all three! 
 Our Campaign Manager Mike Schmuhl spent this afternoon knocking doors in Iowa because, like he says, these final hours…
Time to put some points on the board:  
This movement is built by everyone. Democrats. Independents. Even future former-Republicans. Together, we have the chance to build an American majority to solve the critical challenges of our time and achieve the solutions Americans actually agree on.
We can’t keep doing the same thing and expect different results. This is our shot to turn the page toward a bold new course for America. 
 
The next president can't rely on the old playbook to solve our problems. We need the courage to leave the politics of the past in the past—and build up the bonds between Americans as we face the future together.
Every call will make the difference in tomorrow’s Caucuses. Help us win by making some calls: 
 NEW: Actor, writer, and activist endorses can’t think of a bigger contrast between thi…
Iowans, tomorrow you get to decide. If you’re ready for something different, something better—join me, caucus for me, and chip in to help us win in November:  
Go everywhere.Meet everyone.This is how we win. 
Tonight, young people questioning whether they belong will find a hero in I’m proud of her and her Northern Indiana roots—and I’m excited to see her make history tonight during the  
We must build an economy that works for everyone. That means lifting wages and empowering workers to overcome challenges that did not exist a generation ago.
No matter how you get there tomorrow, be sure to arrive before 7:  
When our children are learning active shooter drills before learning to read, what does that say about us? Gun violence has traumatized an entire generation and will traumatize another unless we listen to survivors and finally get something done. 
1 day:  
We’re thinking big, and the only way to achieve big things is to pursue them together.That begins tomorrow. I’m asking for your support so we can chart a bold new course that brings Americans together to do things that have never been done before:  
I've heard some folks saying this Democratic primary is no time to take a risk—and I agree. The biggest risk that we could take right now would be to try to go up against this president with the same old playbook.
Iowa, it’s almost time to caucus. Learn how:  
We’re ready. Ready to turn the page on the division we’ve come to accept from Washington.Ready to meet this moment with hope in our hearts and fire in our bellies. We’re ready to win.If you are too, let’s go:  
Every time Democrats have won the White House in the last 50 years, we’ve done so with a nominee who represented a new voice and opened the door to a new generation of leadership.I’m ready to win. 
This is a month to celebrate Black America and renew our commitment to a future where your race has no bearing on your health, wealth, access to excellent education, or relationship with law enforcement. That is the future I'm committed to building. 
Campaigns can change the direction of our country, impact our communities, and shape the lives of those doing the hard work. That's I'm so proud of this team.We're ready to win. If you are too, let’s go:  
It will take intentional, anti-racist policies to end systemic racism. The Douglass Plan does just that with bold investments in Black entrepreneurship, expanded voter protections, the promotion and celebration of Black culture and more:   
We’re just 2 days away from the Iowa Caucuses—2 days from beginning to turn the page on the division, and the corruption, and the dysfunction.This is our moment. Let’s go: 
I’m so proud of Richie for finding the courage to face his fears and help build a sense of belonging across the country. That is what this campaign is about. 
Good point, I am ready to have that debate. 
Thank you, I am proud to stand with you. Together, we will turn the page to a country where all belong—where being free means living free of discrimination because of who you are and whom you love. 
We celebrate leaders like who helped create the Douglass Plan, a comprehensive strategy to dismantle systemic racism through policy grounded in the lived experiences of Black Americans:   
We need to bring the country together around the big ideas that will improve our everyday lives, or risk losing the most important election in generations. That is the challenge and this is our chance.
 It’s go time:  
 “If we honored our educators a little more like soldiers, this country would be a better place for us all.” -
2 days until the Iowa Caucuses. That’s it.It’s time to give this everything we’ve got: 
The Black experience shapes the American experience. I join millions across our country celebrating the many accomplishments and contributions of Black America, this month and every month.  
We're running out of time to meet the most important fundraising deadline we've ever faced. If you've been waiting for the right moment to invest in our movement, this is it. I need your help: 
 We need to make sure our campaign has the strength to win in Iowa and beat Trump. There has never been a more urgent ti…
We’re up against the most important fundraising deadline of this campaign, and we’ve set a high goal: $1 million by midnight tonight. That’s the number we need to hit and I can’t do it without you. If you can, please chip in: 
 📣 A  UPDATE from Campaign Manager Mike Schmuhl 📣 Tonight at midnight is our most important fundraising deadlin…
This is it. Our last fundraising deadline before the Iowa Caucuses—the most important of this campaign. I need your help to give us a solid footing heading into the weekend. If you can, please chip in: 
This "travel" ban is as racist as it is foolish. It makes us smaller and weaker. America is, and always will be, a globally connected country—at its best when we welcome visitors and immigrants. It's what makes us great.On my first day as president, this ban ends. 
I enjoyed getting to know and admire his determination.Thank you, John. I look forward to working with you to make our country a better place. 
The Iowa Caucuses are less than 3 days away and we’re less than 3 hours from the most important fundraising deadline of this campaign.If you can, chip in $3 before midnight:  
It’s time for something new. In order to win and in order to lead, we need to turn the page to a new kind of politics, one defined by belonging, boldness, and action. If you're ready to meet this moment, chip in: 
This is the most consequential election of our lifetimes. The next president will come into office at a moment of profound change. We cannot afford to relive old arguments, recycle old approaches, or return to the political warfare we have come to accept from Washington, DC.
From coastal cities to rural and industrial communities like mine, we are one nation. We are all at risk of a changing climate, an evolving economy, an unchecked gun lobby, politicians who put party before country, a president who divides us while putting himself above the law.
No region of our country is immune to the threats we face. A gig worker in California is struggling with the same tectonic shifts in our economy as a driver in South Bend or a nurse in South Carolina. An Iowa farmer fears the costs of climate change as much as a student in NY.
I stand with these members as they strike for the fair wages and benefits they deserve. As president, I will work to make sure all American workers are able to pay their bills and provide health care to their families. 
What just happened in the Senate is a disgrace.Senate Republicans won't hold this president accountable, but we will. The last word will come through the American people—at ballot boxes across the country. 
This is the most consequential election of our lifetimes, and we’re up against the most important fundraising deadline of our campaign. If you can, please chip in before midnight tonight:  
We can’t beat Donald Trump by falling back on the familiar or turning to the old playbook. The only way to win is to chart a bold new course, turn the page, and create a new politics defined by belonging, boldness, and action.
 SUNDAY: On the eve of the Iowa Caucus, joins LIVE on  Tune in! 
 Where we go next is up to you:  
Whether you’re a Democrat exhausted by the politics of the past or a Republican disgusted by this president's actions, our movement welcomes you.Together, we will turn the page and chart a bold new course for our nation. If you're ready, please chip in: 
This is unacceptable.It's time to ensure safe drinking water for every American. We must develop science-based standards that limit harmful PFAS in our drinking water, invest in detection technologies, and expand enforcement of environmental protections.
The first Social Security check was issued 80 years ago today. Now we've got a president targeting the program in order to foot tax breaks for giant corporations and the wealthiest among us. As president, I will protect and expand Social Security for the next 80 years and beyond.
We’ve gotten here one act of hope at a time—thanks to the hundreds of thousands of Americans who’ve invested in our movement.If you're with us, I need your help. Chip in before tonight's critical fundraising deadline and send us into Caucus day strong: 
We didn't begin this campaign with a big bank account or a big email list. But we had hope, and a belief that new ideas, new leadership, and a new kind of politics could change the trajectory of our country.Now we’re on the cusp of making history.
That’s why we’re coming back. That’s the kind of leadership we need to bring to Washington to finally turn the page.
For decades, diverse, post-industrial communities like South Bend have been devastated by decisions made in Wall Street board rooms and Washington committee rooms. But folks from all walks of life came together and insisted that we can do better with a new approach to politics. 
When this campaign started, we didn’t know where it would take us—but we knew where we wanted to go.In 3 days, Iowans have the chance to turn the page to a future defined by belonging, boldness, and action.This is our moment. 
One way or another, this presidency will come to an end.I am running to be the president who will help us pick up the pieces of our divided nation, turn the page on the corruption and the political warfare, and chart a bold new path forward.
The purpose of the presidency is not the glorification of the president, it is the unification and empowerment of the American people.
We can’t give in to the temptation to fall back on the familiar or the comfortable.The only way to win is to chart a bold new course, turn the page, and make good on Americans’ hope that we can guide the country to a better future.
I believe we can do better on the economy.I believe we can do a better job tackling climate change.I believe we can do a better job building a country where everyone belongs.I believe we can do things that have never been done before.I believe we can do better than Trump.
 Dr. Evelyn worked with to improve the city they love, expand educational opportunities to its residents,…
The Remain in Mexico policy endangers lives and betrays America’s legal and moral commitment to protect asylum seekers.On day one of my presidency, it will end.  
To Cristina: I want you and your family to know that there is space for you here. As president, I will ensure families like yours never again doubt their sense of belonging in this country. 
Tomorrow is an important test for our movement—the last big fundraising deadline before the Iowa Caucuses and the most important of this campaign.If you’re with me, now is the time to chip in:  
This is a cut to Medicaid—period.It not only breaks America’s promise to those in need, it puts patients, providers, and states in harm’s way. As president, I will end the attacks on health care, strengthen the ACA, and work to ensure all Americans have access to care. 
I am honored to have the support of ; Together, we'll turn the page on the politics of hate and division, protect and advance civil rights, and bring the voices of LGBTQ people and allies to institutions of power across our country—including the White House. 
 Democratic 2020 hopeful says the biggest issue facing the country is its sense of division: 
 The Iowa Caucuses are just 4 DAYS away, and TOMORROW is the most important fundraising deadline of this campaign.Our…
 We're just 4 days away from the Iowa Caucuses and 1 day away from the most important fundraising deadline of this campa…
True strength is meeting negativity with the moral clarity to lift us all up. 
It's time to bring the country together around big ideas that can make life-saving medicine accessible to all. 
 “We need to deliver affordable and safe childcare to every family.” — + asked the…
I believe Americans are ready for something new, something better.I believe we are ready to do big things together.We’ve got 5 days to do everything we can to win the Iowa Caucuses. If you’re with me, please chip in:  
In the face of unprecedented challenges, we need a president whose vision was shaped by the American Heartland rather than the ineffective Washington politics we’ve come to know and expect.
  is inspiring folks to caucus—often for the first time in their lives. That's the leadership we need. An…
In every community I visit, I meet folks who know all too well how urgent this moment is. We’re facing the most consequential election of our lifetimes, and it’s going to take all hands on deck to win:  
This is it. In 5 days, Iowans get to decide. If you’re ready for something different, something better, I need your help:  
If we don’t act now, it could take 200 years for the gap to close for all women.It’s time to break with the past and build lasting power for all women in America—that means closing the gap and tackling the injustices that go beyond equal pay.
On this day in 2009, President Obama took an important step forward by signing the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, giving women the power to right past wrongs. But 11 years later, women are still earning less for equal work.It's 2020. That's unacceptable.
Women make up half the American workforce. But across the board—from CEOs to first responders—women are not paid equally for the work they do.On average, women are paid 83 cents for each dollar paid to a white man. For Black women, it falls to 62 cents. For Latinas, it’s 52.
Thank you to folks in Ottumwa, Osceola, and Indianola for your thoughtful questions and for bringing the enthusiasm that’s going to help us win the Caucuses in just 5 days. 
 He’s going everywhere and meeting everyone. Help him win:  
The Iowa Caucuses are in 5 days.Let’s send a message to the nation that we are ready to break with the politics of the past and do something different. Let’s begin to turn the page.If you’re with me, now is the time to chip in:  
 DAY 2: 8 offices down, 19 more to go! Mike is back on the road for his trip across Iowa, and his next stop is in Ottu…
Last night in North Liberty, Iowa.If you're with us and ready to turn the page, let's go win:  
This president's Mideast "Deal of the Century," like so much else he’s done in foreign policy, makes complex situations worse.Peace requires both parties at the table. Not a political green light to the leader of one for unilateral annexation.
I’m so proud of the work this movement has done over the past year, and for the history we're about to make.Join me for a supporter call tonight at 6:45 ET to talk about the road ahead:  
If our service members can summon the courage to put their lives on the line to defend our country, elected officials should have the courage to break from the past to ensure safe and healthy environments for those in uniform.That's why I took the Protect Our Defenders Pledge. 
This is the most consequential election of our lifetimes—and we need the help of every American to begin to turn the page.No matter where you live, there’s a way for you to help make history in Iowa:  
Congratulations to on winning this union recognition—a victory for your workers and their rights. It's time to turn the page on a system that leaves workers behind and guarantee fair wages and safe working conditions for American workers. 
To Sara: Service should be a point of pride, not pain for families like yours. As president, I will ensure veterans and their families have the care and resources they need to feel a sense of belonging here at home: 
 First stop: Clinton, Iowa! 
 STAING NOW: Campaign Manager Mike Schmuhl is hitting the road and visiting 27 Iowa field offices in just 4 days.Fol…
12 years ago today, the Dignified Treatment of Wounded Warriors Act was signed into law.More than a decade later, America is falling short of keeping its promise to those who've kept theirs to serve our nation. When I am your Commander-in-Chief, we will.
 This is what  momentum looks like. Chip in to help us bring this energy to every community in Iowa: 
Thank you to everyone who joined me for town halls yesterday in Boone, Iowa Falls, Vinton, and North Liberty. The energy and enthusiasm on the ground in Iowa is electric—let’s keep the momentum going.If you’re with me, please chip in:  
Now is our chance.This is the time.If you're ready to turn the page, please chip in:  
Three years ago in Houston, I spoke out on this president's Muslim ban. On day one of my presidency, I will end it. 
Immigration is central to the American story.We're at our best when we welcome and empower everyone to contribute their own chapters to our greater story. Not when we create barriers to opportunity. This isn't just wrong—it's hurting America’s future. 
If Senate Republicans won't act to hold this president accountable or remove him from office, we will.The last word will come through the American people—at ballot boxes across the country. 
 Warren County was supposed to be “Trump territory,” but drew 1,200 to his event. This is how we win. htt…
Three years ago, this president fanned the flames of hatred with his Muslim travel ban. Less than a year from now—on my first day in office—I will end it.The United States has always prided itself on its diversity, and it will again.
One week. That’s what remains before the Iowa Caucuses kick off the most consequential election of our lifetimes.Every door knocked, call made, and dollar donated comes down to this. I’m ready, and I hope you are too:  
 This is our last week to GOTC (Get Out the Caucus)! Don’t let these final days slip by:  
Today we remember 6 million Jews and other victims who perished in the horror of the Holocaust.As we mark this 75th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz, we must recommit to confronting the growing threat of anti-Semitism not just today, but every day. 
I just stepped off the  stage where I made the case for why we need to turn the page on the same old Washington playbook.If you’re with me, please chip in:  
We can’t give in to the temptation to fall back on the familiar or the comfortable. The only way to win is to chart a bold new course, turn the page, and give Americans hope that we will guide the country to a better place.If you’re with me, chip in:  
That's the challenge we face: to bring the country together around the big ideas that most Americans support or risk losing the most important election in generations. 
We need to show the American people that our approach to fixing problems is different than the politics we have come to expect from Washington.We simply cannot afford the luxury of slash and burn, or polarization, or fanning the flames of hatred and division. 
The next president can't rely on the old playbook to solve our problems. We need the courage to break from the past—without breaking the bonds between Americans. 
We need Americans to believe we can build an economy that works for everyone. We need Americans to believe we can do a better job tackling climate change before it’s too late and steals opportunity from our children. We need Americans to believe we can keep them safe. 
We have to rally the American people to do things that have never been done before.In the face of unprecedented challenges, it's more important than ever that we transcend the same old Washington fights of the past and put forward a vision for the future. 
This is the most consequential election of our lifetimes.And it's not just because we have to beat Donald Trump. He won by exploiting Americans’ anger at this broken system, which is why the riskiest thing we could do is go back to the same Washington playbook. 
We don't have to choose between these things.  
This is our chance to turn the page.If you're with me, please chip in:  
If you believe in this message. If you believe we must turn the page, I need your help. If you’re with me, please chip in:  
The constitutional right to reproductive freedom is still under systemic attack.As president, I will never let a state or a jury or any politician in Washington take that right away.  
 
 
It's time to turn the page.  
The American people will get the last word.  
If you’ve had enough of the division and dysfunction in Washington, chip in here: 
We don't have to choose between endless war and completely disappearing from the world stage.  
It's time for Washington to work more like our best run cities, and not the other way around.Mayors understand how to get things done. I'm running to be a president who will help Americans believe we can get big things done together.  
I'm seeing a hunger for solutions oriented toward the future.It's time to believe we can do big things.It's time to turn the page.  
Senate Republicans are telling Americans it's ok to lie, to cheat, to invite a foreign power to interfere with our democracy.This election is our chance to turn the page on the politics of cynicism and restore integrity and decency to our government.  
There are 2 things we can do to fund Medicare for All Who Want It for 10 years:1. Roll back the Trump corporate tax cuts.2. Allow Medicare to negotiate the price of prescription drugs.  
We don’t have to choose between being bold and being unified.  
 
I've heard some folks saying, this is no time to take a risk. And I agree, but I think the biggest risk that we could take, right now, would be to try to go up against this president, with the same old playbook that we've been relying on. 
 "Having served brings a different perspective" - a U.S. Navy veteran who served in Afghanistan, on why he's r…
We don’t have to choose between being bold and being unified. 
Senate Republicans are telling Americans it's ok to lie, to cheat, to invite a foreign power to interfere with American democracy.This election is our chance to turn the page on the politics of cynicism and restore integrity and decency to our government. 
I’m running to be the president for all Americans—including those who watch Fox News.I'm about to take the  stage with Chris Wallace. Tune in right now—and follow along. My team will tweet for me while I'm on stage.
From pardoning war criminals to dismissing traumatic brain injuries, this president continues to betray our values, rob our troops of their honor, and put our national security at risk.
Last May, I told Chris Wallace that the next president needs to be ready to protect reproductive freedom.I am running to be that president.Tonight, I’ll be back on the  stage.Tune in at 7PM ET. 
This isn’t about his tweets. It’s about addressing the issues that matter most to the American people. Tonight, I'll be back on Fox News to share my vision for turning the page on this presidency and charting a new path forward.Tune in at 7PM ET.
Kobe’s magnificence on the basketball court brought him fame and titles, but his greatest pride was being a father. The loss of his daughter Gianna is unthinkable. My deepest sympathies are with the Bryant family, the families of those lost, and everyone impacted by this tragedy.
There are people we will never meet who affect our lives in immeasurable ways.For millions, Kobe Bryant was one of those people. He changed the game and his legacy will inspire generations of athletes.
We’re closing in on the Iowa Caucuses, and we need the whole team to leave it all out on the field to help us win.That means knocking doors, making calls, chipping in, and supporting our movement all across the country.Take action now:  
It’s time to unite our country around the big ideas that most Americans support.Tonight I’ll be on Fox News to talk about those ideas and how we will turn the page on the same old playbook and political warfare we've come to accept from Washington. Tune in tonight at 7pm ET. 
 "To...demean the experience of soldiers in harm's way who were injured... is one more example of why Donald Trump has no…
 Tonight is the night. Tune in to for our Pete Buttigieg town hall moderated by Chris Wallace.  ht…
We have 8 days to go until the Iowa Caucuses. If you’re with me, let’s go together. Chip in:  
The last election doesn't define you. This is our opportunity to focus on the future.
Division won’t get us far. When we work together, Americans can do things that have never been done before. 
Hair discrimination is racial discrimination, plain and simple. We need to pass the CROWN Act.
Thank you, Durham, for the meaningful conversations last night. In 18 days, you and your fellow Granite Staters can turn the page on the Trump era. Together, we can make history:  
Welcome to Indiana, the page to a new politics and a better America begins with the work we all do to organize in our communities. are training the next generation of leaders who will help deliver a better future. 
  will be LIVE on his last Town Hall before Iowa tomorrow. Don’t miss it. 
To Sean: I’d like to make clear to you and to the many other Republicans who are disgusted by this president—there is room for you in our movement.
Tomorrow at 7PM ET, I’m taking the stage for my last Town Hall before Iowa.I’ll take questions on how we can unite everyone—Democrats, Independents, and future-former Republicans—around a new kind of politics. We can only tackle our challenges if we do it together. 
It’s time to turn the page on a system that continues to put workers and the health of our communities at risk. I stand with workers at Health preparing to strike for the fair wages and safe staffing they need to provide quality patient care. 
 The moment we’ve been waiting for.  us win:  
No family should ever have to spend a third of their income on child care. Ever. 
We’re in the final sprint to the Iowa Caucuses, and we need everyone’s help. You can make calls, donate, or even get in a car and drive to an early state. However you pitch in, it will make a difference:  
It’s going to take all of us to turn the page toward a better future.
 Single digits! This is what we’ve been working toward. A win in Iowa and then across the nation. Make it happen: 
Support affordable health care for all.Support the fight against climate change.Support an end to endless war.Support this movement: 
Happy Lunar New Year!Chasten and I wish peace and prosperity to everyone celebrating. As friends and family come together to mark new beginnings, it’s also a chance to recognize the many cultures that make our country what it is—and our shared hope in building a better future.
On my way back to Iowa. It’s  Let’s do this:  
It’s go time.  you’re with me, please chip in:  
 10 days to go until Iowa! Let's take a moment to remember why we're working so hard to elect Here’s 10…
 Phase 1: Learn his name.Phase 2: Get the resources.Phase 3: Organize!Phase 4: WIN.
 Take it from Something’s happening in Iowa. Join her in making an Iowa victory possible: 
This is what it will take to win and to lead—and this is why I am running for president. 
We’re 10 days out from the Iowa Caucuses. No matter where you live, there’s a way to help. Take action right now to help turn the page on the politics of the past: 
Thank you, for your support and endorsement. Together, we will turn the page to unite Americans, bridge our divides, and build a better future for all. 
No BS. 
Thank you and for hosting critical conversations about racial and economic justice for Black people. From housing to health care to criminal justice reform and more, together we must turn the page toward equality and justice. 
Honored to have the support of a fellow Afghanistan veteran, Together we will turn the page to unite Americans around our shared values and tackle the urgent challenges facing all of our communities.Thank you for your service and your support, Senator. 
 It's here.Welcome to  is how we win:  
Our service members deserve a Commander-in-Chief who values their sacrifice. 
I will be a president Americans—and the world—can count on. 
To Trish: One accident shouldn’t throw your family into bankruptcy. Under my administration, Medicare for All Who Want It will always be available to help you afford the care your family needs.
 🚨It’s the final countdown🚨Now’s the time to jump in:  
We’re in the final stretch before Caucus day, and it’s thanks to you. Whether you’re making calls, knocking on doors, or chipping in—you are helping us go the distance.With just 10 days until the Iowa Caucuses, we need to keep going:  
The purpose of the presidency is not the glorification of the president. It is the unification and empowerment of the American people. 
To Brett: Misclassifying workers as “independent contractors” is fraud, and it punishes our entire economy. I will empower the Department of Labor to hold employers accountable while expanding protections to 15 million more workers: 
Thank you for an enjoyable and thought-provoking conversation. As we prepare to meet the unprecedented challenges of the future, I'm inspired by the extraordinary leadership and vision you've shown. 
Libraries lift communities, open minds, and offer a gateway to worlds beyond our own backyards. Library workers make that possible—and they deserve our support. I stand with the members in their fight for a fair contract that rewards the dignity of their work. 
Reflecting on this past year, I’m more hopeful than ever in our nation’s ability to come together and turn the page toward a better future.Let’s get to work. 
Thank you, for your support. Together we’ll turn the page not just on failed policies, but on the broken politics of the past—to make the American Dream a reality for all. 
I welcome the International Court of Justice's order to Myanmar to prevent, and document evidence of, genocide against the Rohingya—a rare yet crucial win for accountability.All of us, wherever in the world we live, have a shared responsibility to protect human rights. 
Thank you, Dubuque, for the warm welcome yesterday. Together, we’re going to bring home an Iowa victory:  
Just spoke at the Conference. Mayors know better than most what it takes to lead a community through a crisis. It’s something we could use more of in Washington. 
I’m about to take the stage at the Conference in Washington. Tune in to watch live: 
It’s going to take all of us doing all we can during these next 11 days to bring home a victory in Iowa—and turn the page to a better future for America. If you’re with me, chip in: 
One year later, same question: Are you ready to walk away from the politics of the past?  
This isn’t just about this president, it’s about the presidency.
People with disabilities, like Kyle, are an indispensable part of the American story—yet their everyday obstacles are often ignored. I'm honored to have received Kyle and his dad Bill’s endorsement today. Together we will turn the page to create an era of belonging and inclusion. 
Thank you for your support and your endorsement, Senator look forward to you joining me on the campaign trail in New Hampshire! 
This president left Congress with no choice. 
It’s time for families to see higher incomes, lower costs, and more opportunities to build a brighter future for their children. Access to universal, affordable child care will help us get there:  
Grateful to have heard from the folks in Keokuk, Mt. Pleasant, Muscatine, and Cedar Rapids yesterday—thanks for all your questions. Even in the cold winter weather, your enthusiasm gives me hope that we can win. Chip in to keep this movement going:  
To Nikki: Thank you for your courage. As president, I will protect your rights, and help you receive the lifesaving care you need.
Spent some time with in Ames, Iowa last week. I’m always grateful to the folks who not only feel inspired by this campaign, but are working to inspire others to join in too. 
As a teacher, Tabatha doesn’t see a booming economy—she sees students getting turned away at lunch. We need to build an economy that works for everyone. 
Donald Trump is targeting Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid to fund tax breaks for giant corporations and the wealthiest among us. The stakes in this election just got higher. We can’t afford more of the same Washington dysfunction that puts American families at risk. 
Donald Trump faked a medical condition to avoid serving. He’s never had to sacrifice a day in his life.He will never understand the sacrifices our service members and their families make. We deserve a better Commander-in-Chief. 
Your support in these next 12 days leading up to the Iowa Caucuses is critical. The work we put in today will set the tone for the rest of the primary season.If you can, please chip in: 
47 years after Roe v. Wade, the constitutional right to reproductive freedom—the access to a safe and legal abortion—is still under systemic attack. As president, I will never let a state or a jury or any politician in Washington take that right away.
Democracy isn’t a given. It must be sustained.As president, I will act to restore, reform, and strengthen our democracy so the voices of the people are heard. That starts with delivering on the reforms of HR1 and launching a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United.
One year from today:  
 knows the meaning of service, and what communities need to thrive. Together we’ll work to address the urgent issues facing our country—and build a more inclusive and equitable America.Thank you for your service and support, Senator. 
Thank you to Suzanne Prentiss, Sheriff Rivera, and Jennifer Frizzell for your endorsements and your support as our New Hampshire Co-Chairs. Looking forward to working with you all on the campaign trail! 
The Trump presidency will end. We need to make sure the division and dysfunction end with it. That comes down to how hard we work—especially in these next 13 days—to create a winning movement that unites every American in every community. 
One year from now, we will turn the page. Let’s do it together:  
To the folks at our town halls in Pella, Fairfield, and Burlington yesterday: thank you for your energy and enthusiasm for our movement. Let’s keep up this momentum:  
To René: You should never have to go from serving your community to facing potential homelessness, and you deserve much more from your country. As president, I will ensure medical bills never throw anybody into financial ruin:  
Together, in caucus rooms and in voting booths across the country, we will choose a new path forward. Together, we will turn the page on the corruption and the chaos and usher in a new era of unity and belonging. This is our moment.
This president left Congress with no choice.The House met its constitutional duty by impeaching Donald Trump.The Senate must meet the moment by putting duty to the Constitution ahead of loyalty to this president.The American people are ready to meet this moment too.
One way or another, this presidency will come to an end.On the day after Donald Trump leaves office, when the sun rises and the dust clears, we ought to be able to say that we rejected the corruption and the chaos—that we acted to save our democracy before it was too late.
One year from today, a new president takes office and a new era begins.If you’re with me, please chip in:  
As troubled as these times are, we walk in hope that we will one day live up to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s legacy. We are all tied in that “single garment of destiny."Together, we will build an American future defined not by exclusion, but by belonging. 
This is our one shot. Now is the time to turn the page:  
One year from today, one person will stand in front of the Capitol and take an oath to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution as our president.Will it be the man who is on trial for violating that oath, or someone who will turn the page on Washington’s broken politics?
I’m joining the right now—live from Iowa. Tune in: 
To Tanisha: The gender pay gap that Black women face is the result of centuries of systemic racism and sexism—and it’s unacceptable. As president, I will close the gap with real solutions, like increasing wages and investing in Black women entrepreneurs. 
Doris Miller was a hero of Pearl Harbor and the first African American to be awarded the Navy Cross. Now he will be the first African American to be a U.S. aircraft carrier namesake. I join the Navy men and women saluting him.
Seeing our nation fall short of its dream, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. called on America to live up to its values. On this day of service and remembrance, let us recommit to continuing his work—and turn the page toward unity and justice for all.
 Thank you! It was a good one.
Thank you to and everyone behind today’s  Forum.Together, we will reform our democracy and turn the page on a political system and a presidency that prioritizes corporations over people.
I’m joining the  Presidential Forum to discuss how we’ll turn the page on a political system and a presidency that prioritizes corporations over people. Tune in now: 
 Don’t miss talk about protecting and reforming our democracy today at 5PM ET:  ht…
 America is stronger because we are a nation of immigrants—where all belong. Congratulations to your mom, from me and everyone at
To Barb: Washington has gotten comfortable pointing to the Dow Jones as evidence of a successful economy—but that’s not the whole picture. As president, I’ll measure the success of our economy by how much American families like yours have in their pockets.
Every day I receive letters from folks across the country. Stories of struggle and stories of hope, these letters make up the heart of our movement, and I’d like to share some with you over the next few days. 
 Two Sundays from now will be the eve of the Iowa Caucuses. If you weren’t sure when to jump in, now’s the time: 
20 years from now, we ought to be proud of what we did at this moment. Let us be able to tell our children and grandchildren that we took our shot—that we turned the page and chose a better future. 
Tomorrow I’ll be joining the Citizens United Forum for a conversation on how we can work together to make our democracy work for everyone. Tune in:  
Medicare For All Who Want It makes sure there’s no such thing as an uninsured American, while trusting you to pick the plan that works for you and your family. Read more about my plan:  
The future doesn’t have to be a dark place. In 16 days, we’ll begin to turn the page:  
 We only have one shot to make the most of this moment. Join Ryann in making our next president: 
Thanks to and for joining me on the campaign trail this week—and to all the folks who came to join our town halls in Iowa and New Hampshire. Your energy is powering this movement:  
 The president says the economy is booming, but most Americans aren’t feeling it. explains how
 We only have 16 days before the Iowa Caucuses to: Knock on doors → Chip in → 
The crises we face today, from climate change to health care to poverty, have been years in the making. Too many politicians have seemed more interested in political warfare than acting to make our lives better.We can’t wait any longer for Washington to get it right.
It’s time to protect women’s health. It’s time for equal representation of women in government.It’s time to close the pay gap.It’s time we turn the page and build women’s power in our economy, politics, and every part of our society.
If you’re used to voting for the other party but right now cannot look your kids in the eye and explain this president to them, join us.If you are exhausted by the spectacle of division and dysfunction, join us to help turn the page on our politics:  
It’s time to turn the page. If you’re ready, join me:  
On Tuesday night, I stepped off the  stage more determined than ever. This is our one shot. If you’re ready to turn the page too, join me:  
 ICYMI: got two big early state endorsements this week.  is getting stronger every day, and it’s…
 “Pete has the courage, and most importantly, he has the temperament to lead us to a better future.” Watch
 Missed on  Town Hall? We put all his answers here for you ⬇
Thank you to for joining me in Concord this morning.Together, we’ll turn the page to a new era of belonging for our country. But only if we make the most of the next 25 days. If you're with us, chip in:   
 Welcome to  🙌 
Thank you for having me. I look forward to continuing the conversation—and ushering in a new era of inclusion for people with disabilities. 
 It's also critical to lead with language that is inclusive and takes into account the unique needs of each community. I will work to turn the page to an era of inclusivity and belonging. 
 As president, I will use my platform to change the narrative around mental health and addiction.We will end structural stigmas that pervade federal policies and increase resources and training to combat stigma around mental illness and addiction. 
 No one should have to choose between keeping benefits and earning a livable wage.As president, I will make it easier for SSDI recipients to achieve economic self-sufficiency and receive timely Medicare coverage.  
What are the messages that more Americans need to hear so we can create a more inclusive society?What are your priorities?How can we best engage with the disability community? 
I commit to dismantling institutions that discriminate against people with disabilities. My administration will include disabled people, and we will listen to and advocate for this community.  
As president, I will retrofit our government so it works for—not against—people with disabilities. I will appoint people with disabilities at all levels, including in the White House, so we can advance the rights of people with disabilities at home and worldwide. 
^ Consistent with our 'Belonging' rule of the road, we strive to make our offices, website, rallies, and community inclusive. 
I am running to serve and unify a diverse nation and I’ve made it a priority to build a campaign that reflects all Americans, including the disabled community.Some staffers and supporters have shared their stories here:  
We’ll make disaster preparedness efforts inclusive and help ensure that, after a disaster, people with disabilities can return to their homes and communities.We’ll develop an Accessible Technology Bill of Rights and make the voting process accessible to everyone. 
Our plan will end the subminimum wage and double labor force participation of people with disabilities by 2030. We'll make inclusive education a national expectation and fully fund IDEA. We’ll end the SSDI benefit cliff and increase accessible public housing and transportation.
I worked with our disability policy team—led by people with disabilities—to develop our plan with extensive input from disability leaders and stakeholders with different backgrounds.
My plans strengthen rights and supports for people with disabilities—since all issues impact this community. My plan is intersectional, recognizing how disability is visible and invisible, how the challenges are urgent, and how we must combat disparities:  
  is taking questions on how he will build a new era of inclusion for people with disabilities. Tune in t…
Breaking down these barriers is incredibly urgent. We need both bold, massive shifts in federal policies and a national effort to create a more inclusive, accessible, and welcoming society. 
It’s unacceptable that in almost 20 states, parents diagnosed with a disability can lose custody of their kids. It’s unacceptable that hundreds of thousands lack accessible transportation. Decades-old programs and policies have kept people with disabilities on the margins.
For too long, society has built up physical and invisible obstacles for people with disabilities, and the disability community is tired.Tired of not having their voices heard.Tired of being their own strongest advocates.Tired of struggling for their own basic access. 
I’ve been committed to an accessible, inclusive campaign—from our staff and volunteers to folks I meet every day—that reflects the culture of belonging I want for our country. We developed our plan with many diverse leaders from the disability community.  
 We will ask 6 questions to Everyone is welcome to ask questions throughout the chat but there will be…
 Welcome to the  candidate chat with Remember to use the  hashtag when you twee…
 Caucus Day is almost here! Now’s the time to turn your hope into action for  htt…
Whether you’re a progressive ready to meet our greatest challenges with bold solutions or a future former Republican disgusted by this president’s actions, this movement welcomes you.We can turn the page toward a better future—if we work together:  
 We’re in the fourth quarter. Chip in to help us take it home:  
With the right priorities, we can achieve universal health coverage, protect choice, and turn the page toward a better future for all Americans is with me on this, and I hope you are too. Watch him explain: 
Me estoy postulando para ser el presidente que recogerá las piezas de una nación dividida y que nos pueda unificar y nos guiará a una acción real por el futuro. 
 Rep. is acting on hope—and you can too:  
Ratifying the Equal Rights Amendment is a necessary and important step in our ongoing work to reach true gender equality—and it's long overdue. It's time to turn the page to a more inclusive and equitable America. 
6 years ago, American Mustafa Kassem was unjustly imprisoned in Egypt. On Tuesday, he died a prisoner.This president praised the dictator who held him captive—and gave him a blank check to commit such abuses. My prayers are with his family and Egypt's many political prisoners. 
Empowering workers and guaranteeing fair wages and proper working conditions doesn’t just lift workers, it lifts entire communities.The is the voice that connects my community, and I’m encouraged to see their workers moving forward. 

And on climate change and human rights? Silence.We should instead be standing our ground and doubling down on investments in a stronger, more inclusive, and more competitive America.
This president's trade war has inflicted major economic pain on American workers, farmers, and consumers.His so-called deal does not address China’s most egregious trade practices, make up for his body blow to farmers, or provide accountability on enforcement.
 is marching on Iowa right now calling on all of us to address poverty.I’m with them, I’ve been with them, and in 2021, they will have a president who is with them, too. 
Tashonna was not only denied health services—she was denied justice.Systemic discrimination within our health care system is a threat to Americans across the country, and it will end under my administration:  
Last night I made a case to the American people: It’s time to turn the page. If you’re with me, please chip in:  
It’s time to turn the page on our politics and launch a new era for Americans. If you’re with me, chip in:  
 Thank you for joining me in Iowa and for your commitment to our campaign and our movement. Look forward to seeing you again soon. 19 days!
“The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.”—Martin Luther King Jr.On his birthday, let us live up to MLK's example by recommitting to the work of healing the deep divisions in our country, and turning the page toward unity and justice.
 NEW: This Friday, January 17, will join for a  Twitter town hall. Join us liv…
 represents the best of our politics and has spent her career delivering solutions for NH families. I’m honored to have her serve as national campaign co-chair as we work toward a new era for America.Thank you for your endorsement and support, Rep. Kuster! 
 Last night, took the  stage for the last time before the Iowa Caucuses. Now we've got just 19…
 "I would caution against going to the extreme when we can solve big problems like delivering healthcare to every American witho…
 Pete Buttigieg on Pres. Trump: "This election is not just about him ...Trump should never have been able to come within cheating…
I just stepped off the  stage—and I hope I made you proud.If you’re ready to turn the page to a new era, then I need your help. This race is a toss-up and what we do in the next 19 days will determine the outcome on Caucus Day. Please chip in:  
We can turn the page.That is why I’m running for president.That is why I’m asking Iowans to caucus for me on February 3rd, and why I’m asking you to join our effort.If you’re with me, please chip in:  
If you’re a person of color who has felt taken for granted and let down by the old politics, join me. No matter how you’re used to voting, if you have trouble looking your kids in the eye and explaining this president, join me. This is our chance.
If you’re watching the  and feel exhausted by the spectacle of division and dysfunction, this is our chance. Join me. If you’re sick of hearing that the economy is so great when it doesn’t match your experience at the kitchen table, join me. We can turn the page.
This is our moment. We have exactly one shot.We have one shot to defeat Donald Trump, and to do it so resoundingly that we send Trumpism into the dustbin of history. But there is a risk—and that risk is to turn to the same Washington political warfare that we’re used to.
Let's turn the page:  
This is our moment. This is our chance. We have exactly one shot to defeat Donald Trump and Trumpism—and it calls on us to do something different.Join me—and let’s turn the page.  
It's time to turn the page.  
It's time to turn the page.  
Imagine a Midwestern mayor and veteran who lives his faith on the debate stage with this president.I will defeat Donald Trump and turn the page to a new American era—the era that must come next.  
It's time to turn the page.  
I’m proud to have the support of my community.  
 is marching on Iowa right now calling on us to finally address poverty in this country. I’m with them and it’s time we do.  
In my eight years as mayor of South Bend, we experienced a 500-year flood and a 1,000-year flood––and they happened within 18 months of each other.It's time to combat climate change and do something different to build resilient communities.  
There's a very real choice about what we do with every single taxpayer dollar that we raise. We need to be using that to support everybody. Whether you go to college or not.  
It's time to turn the page.  
 
 
We’ve got to move the past the Washington mentality that measures the bigness of a plan by how many trillions it costs and boldness by how many Americans it can alienate.It's time we measure the effects of our plans based on what they would do in our everyday lives.  
It’s time to turn the page.  
My plan makes sure there’s no such thing as an uninsured American. But I trust the American people to choose the plans that work for them and their families.  
There's a better way.  
 
Future generations will sit in judgment on whether we actually put together the national project necessary to take on climate change and move our country to a better place.  
It's time to turn the page.  
If our troops can summon the courage to deploy to a war zone, then members of Congress ought to be able to summon the courage to vote on war and peace.When I'm president, there will be a 3-year sunset on authorizations of military force and we will end endless war.  
 
 
As president, I will understand what it means for our service members to say goodbye to their loved ones before he or she deploys them to a war zone. I will end endless wars.  
The next president is going to be confronted with national security challenges different from anything we’ve seen before. It’s going to take a view to the future, as well as someone who knows the lessons of the past.  
The  is about to start. Before I go, I’m handing my accounts over to my team in South Bend. They’ll tweet for me throughout the night—make sure you’re following us on and too.I hope to make you proud. Let’s do this.
To the more than 733,000 people who have joined our movement so far, thank you. We would not be here without you. To all who will join tonight and in the coming months, thank you too.We’re building this movement together—let’s keep it going:  
We didn’t launch with a big email list or a big bank account. But we had hope. We had determination. And we had a belief that solving our nation’s most urgent challenges would require Americans rallying together to tackle them in unity. 
Nearly a year ago, I announced I was exploring a run for president.Now, we’re just 20 days away from the Iowa Caucuses, and tonight I’ll take the  stage for the last time before Iowans make their voices heard.
Ready for round 7.If you’re with me, chip in:  
 We're just hours away from the  Traveling Press Secretary took over his
Waterloo Mayor has been a bridge builder—uniting the city around solutions to the challenges they’ve been facing for decades.I'm honored to have the mayor's support and his endorsement, and I look forward to him joining me on the campaign trail in the coming weeks. 
Thanks to for hitting the campaign trail with me yesterday, and to all who joined us in Ames ahead of tonight’s  truly grateful for your support. If you’re with us, please chip in:  
 Just got off the stage with this guy in Iowa! I don’t usually get involved in politics, but is just so in…
 About to go onstage with this guy! 
The world deserves America at our best. 
Mary Ann and Ken have worked hard their whole lives. They shouldn’t have to struggle through retirement in order to pay their soaring medical bills.As president, I will make the economy work for them—and for you and your family. 
 I am in Iowa with the campaign! On our way to a town hall in Ames.  
I’m handing over my to while she’s in Iowa today.Don’t miss it:  
I’m heading to Ames, Iowa tonight with Sign up to join us:  
It’s simply not enough to raise the minimum wage.We need to end the tipped minimum wage that leaves millions of Americans relying on tips to pay the bills:  
Thanks to for joining me in Des Moines last night—and to the hundreds of people who braved through the snow to be a part of this growing movement. Chip in to keep it going:  
 BREAKING signs on to NLC's   Agenda, pledging to work w local leaders on ke…
 Tonight’s the night! is joining in Iowa. You still have time to RSVP. 
 This race is a toss-up. 3 weeks is all we have to rally around and push through. If you’ve been on the s…
 joined this race knowing that progress is only possible when we rise together.From fighting for criminal justice reform to championing Baby Bonds, he leads with compassion and conviction—I look forward to working with him to meet our challenges with common purpose. 
I’m out on the road every day meeting folks across this country who believe America’s best days are still ahead. These next 21 are important for the future of our country, and every dollar will count. If you can, please chip in:  
By the people, for the people. 
Workers like the members of the Union in Las Vegas keep our economy and our country going.As president, I will stand up for working people, protect their rights, and respect the important work they do. 
We are going to be a better country when the economy actually works for all of us.As president, I will put the focus on you and your family—not giant corporations and the wealthiest. My friend explains how. 
 ICYMI: endorsed this week because he has what it takes to heal our dangerously divided…
American progress is grounded in the idea that every generation will be better off than the last. Every parent's dream is that their kids will be better off than they were. This is the first generation where that isn't happening—I'm running to change that and put workers first. 
It was great to be back in Nevada yesterday.From the empowered workers at the town hall, to the hundreds of people who energized our rally in Las Vegas—and everyone I met in between—thank you for such a warm welcome. Be back soon. 
 So many of our nation’s future leaders struggle to feel like they belong in college because they are drowning in debt.…
 Washington hardly ever talks about the aging process and what it means for working families. sat down wi…
 This is about choosing someone to heal our dangerously divided nation. Chip in to help make it happen: 
 You still have time to RSVP to join and Don’t miss out → 
Congratulations to the people of Taiwan on successful elections, and to President Tsai on her reelection.Taiwan faces direct and growing challenges to its democracy and security. The U.S. must remain strong and firm in our shared commitment to freedom and human dignity.
  worked as President Obama’s Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers. Now he’s helping
 Army veteran and former State Senator Steve Warnstadt is endorsing because “our country desperately need…
 Every dollar, every phone call, everything you do will make the difference:  
Congressman Loebsack has never let the political fighting in Washington get in the way of delivering on the priorities of Iowans.I’m honored to have his endorsement—and look forward to working with him to deliver for the American people.Welcome to the team, Congressman! 
I just got off the stage in Las Vegas. The energy and optimism here is inspiring.If you’re ready to keep building this movement with us, please chip in:  
Jerry Holliman put his life on the line for our country. Now, America is failing him.As president, I will honor the sacrifices of our service members and ensure all veterans can access the care they need and deserve:   
 The energy in this field office is inspiring, just like vision for America. From Cedar Rapids to Waterlo…
 Our International President And Secretary-Treasurer Geoconda Argüello-Klein welcome Mayor
 NOW: Town hall with Mayor STREAM:   
 A year ago, people were still learning how to pronounce his name. Today, is leading a movement to end th…
  infrastructure plan is a plan for all communities—from overlooked rural areas to under-invested urban…
 This plan isn’t just about building roads and bridges. It’s about creating jobs and making your community an even bette…
From the water we drink, to the air we breathe, to the roads and public transit we take to work—infrastructure is an important part of our lives, our economy, and our country. As president, I will invest in the projects we need and fix what needs fixing:  
 Exciting  news: will join at his town hall in Ames, Iowa on January 13th! Be the…
 Thousands of kids in LA County are exposed to lead every year. Pete will invest to ensure kids in California can grow u…
 Communities across the country are feeling the impact of climate change. Pete’s plan will help cities like Charleston p…
 Neglected roads cost Nevada drivers $3.2 billion a year. Pete will help fix them, so Nevadans have safer, more reliable…
 Pete’s plan will support the projects that matter most to our communities, and make a difference in people’s lives: htt…
 Public transit is meant to connect people to opportunities for advancement. plan to prioritize transi…
As president, I won’t measure success by the heights of the Dow Jones, I will measure it by how much a worker has in her pocket. And I will take unprecedented steps to bring balance back to our economy—so that our government looks out for families and not just corporations.
Working-class wages are down 4% since 2000.The numbers below ignore the challenges so many face in rural or industrial communities like mine, and in every place where working and middle-class families are finding that one job is not enough. 
 Clear Creek Amana school district took on $35,000 of debt per student to repair buildings and serve more students. Pete…
 The current Miss Black America, Ryann Richardson just endorsed in because he is “the best candi…
 From transportation to safe drinking water, will unite Americans—and hire Americans—to meet our infrastr…
 A pencil, a textbook, a quality education. That’s what your support will mean for children across the country: 
 Unlike tax cuts for the wealthy, projects to improve roads and public transit are investments that empower everyone in…
 A living wage should be the expectation, not the exception. Help guarantee a living wage for all: 
Thank you, for taking the lead to reassert Congress’s war powers and for beginning a critical debate on matters of war and peace—just as the Constitution provides.
When service members are deploying into harm’s way, the president should be prepared to make a case for why they need to be there, and Congress should have the courage to cast a vote on it. It’s their duty. 
 The clock is ticking, and this is your chance to help us bring home an Iowa victory:  
 Investing in infrastructure means investing in Americans, creating jobs, and building stronger neighborhoods for our fa…
 Pete Buttigieg unveils $1 trillion infrastructure plan 
 Pete Buttigieg unveiled a plan to pour more than $1 trillion into creating millions of jobs and updating U.S. infrastructure…
Infrastructure is essential to our daily lives. But right now we’re seeing crumbling roads, polluted water, and communities hit by natural disasters. It’s time we invest where we need it.Today, I’m announcing a plan to build America for the 21st century. 
Thank you for your service and support, Congressman. Together, we’ll work to heal our nation’s divides and restore decency and respect to the presidency—so that we can get to work on the urgent issues facing our country. 
Innocent civilians are now dead because they were caught in the middle of an unnecessary and unwanted military tit for tat. My thoughts are with the families and loved ones of all 176 souls lost aboard this flight. 
 
 Representative is on  because he trusts to end the era of Donald Trump and beg…
 We’ve been organizing for nearly a year now, and we’ve got just 25 days to bring it home. Help us get there and join ou…
The world needs an America ready to reverse the rise of authoritarianism while supporting democracy at home and among our allies.It needs America to be the best it’s ever been, and now it falls to us to set the future of our nation.Let us choose well.
The world needs America. But not just any America.It needs an America free from entrapment in endless war and prepared to focus on future threats.It needs an America that doesn’t send troops into conflict without a clear understanding of what will come after.
 Every dollar counts, too! If you can, please chip in to help reach even more voters in the days and mont…
Every cup of coffee, every handshake, and every conversation counts. 
 Take it from William. has what it takes to unlock the potential of American workers: 
 Under his leadership, a town came together, changed course, and built something to be proud of: 
 Read more →  
It’s time we choose to hold the most fortunate accountable and invest in the things that have made our country great. Together, we can usher in a new era that values fairness as well as growth.
Tonight, Americans in Iraq are under fire.My prayers are with them, their loved ones, and their families.
Attacking cultural monuments in Iran would be a war crime under international laws. We are a nation of laws. We will act to keep America safe, not destroy cultural sites like the Taliban and ISIS have done. And my administration’s orders will not put our troops in legal jeopardy.
Tras los terremotos de anoche, mis pensamientos están con Puerto Rico. A medida que se levantan para superar otra tragedia, los puertorriqueños deben estar asegurados de que esta administración actuará rápidamente para proporcionar cualquier apoyo federal que sea necesario.
My thoughts are with our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico in the wake of last night’s earthquakes. As they rise to overcome another tragedy, Puerto Ricans must be assured that this administration will act quickly to provide any federal support needed.
America is stronger when everyone has access to jobs, education, housing, and health care—including those with records. That's why I acted to “ban the box” in South Bend, and it’s why I support Mayor leading on this issue in Waterloo. 
On Thursday, I shared a focused approach that will help New Hampshire ensure clean drinking water, build a clean economy, invest in climate security, and support sustainable agriculture.Read my full plan to galvanize Americans to combat climate change. 
Americans from Portsmouth, NH to South Bend are experiencing the consequences of climate change. Health issues from air pollution, heat, and infectious diseases are growing. Extreme weather conditions are impacting farms, small businesses, homes, and towns. We cannot wait to act.
Climate change is an issue on everyone's mind. Over the weekend, I heard from New Hampshire voters about their growing concerns with changing weather patterns, obstacles to building resilient communities, and this president’s unwillingness to address the climate crisis.
We spent the weekend in the Granite State, meeting with voters and holding town halls in Portsmouth, Nashua, Claremont, Wolfeboro, Franklin, North Conway, Keene, and Manchester.36 days until New Hampshire’s first-in-the-nation primary! 
 This campaign is about giving the next generation of leaders someone to look up to. If you believe that is
 South Bend business owners like Rosalina and Juan Cervera are succeeding thanks to leadership. Learn m…
When I am Commander-in-Chief, military action will not come as a surprise to congressional leaders of either party. 
 "I know what my mayor will be able to accomplish nationwide. And as more people across America hear him, I am confident…
Climate change is an existential threat that is affecting everyone, everywhere. My thoughts are with the people of Australia as they battle catastrophic wildfires that have already claimed at least 25 lives.Here are ways you can help. 
 Kareemah has been a public servant for 20 years, and she knows will bring the same bold ideas that unifi…
The illegitimate takeover of the Venezuelan National Assembly is further evidence that dictator Maduro will stop at nothing to consolidate his grip on power. I stand behind Juan Guaidó and the Venezuelan people as they strive to reclaim their democracy and defend their rights.
 It’s almost time to caucus for Are you ready? Chip in:  
  "I'm running based on what's possible. A bold policy agenda that would make me the most progressive president…
 "There is no question that Soleimani had American blood on his hands ; that he was a bad actor in the region. But if there…
  "I'm running based on what's possible. A bold policy agenda that would make me the most progressive president…
We still don't know much about the president’s decision-making on Suleimani. But we do know that military efforts to defeat ISIS are now on hold. We know that Iraq's parliament voted to expel U.S. troops. We know that our embassy in Iraq remains under fire.We are not safer.
The rise of anti-Semitism in America does not just affect the Jewish community—it affects our whole country.I stand in solidarity with all those marching in response to recent attacks. We must unite against this scourge and build a nation where all are safe and all belong. 
This morning, I joined to address the events unfolding in the Middle East.As I told this is not a show. This is not a game. American lives are at stake and this president owes us answers. 
 “Why wasn’t Congress consulted? It seems like more people at Mar-a-Lago heard about this than people in the United States Cong…
 "We need answers on...whether [Trump] has thought through the consequences, in particular for American lives. Not just the t…
 Happening soon: on Tune in 📺 
When I am your Commander-in-Chief, our allies and adversaries will know that the United States is a country that keeps its word. 
  "We need to make sure... that whatever happens next does not lead to yet another endless war." 
 South Bend is back, and it’s thanks to leadership:  
God does not belong to a political party.
I'm in New Hampshire where I addressed the events unfolding in the Middle East.This must not be the beginning of another endless war. 
 “What I’ve seen in Iowa has made me a better candidate, and it will make me a better president.”
 “America deserves a Commander-in-Chief who knows what that sacrifice means and who will honor the sacred promise we mak…
Each one of these service members took an oath to support and defend the Constitution. So did their Commander-in-Chief. He owes them a strategy and he owes the American people answers. 
My statement on the killing of Qassim Suleimani. 
This election will decide whether the next president will mobilize Americans behind bold ideas or polarize them around the same Washington fights that have held us back for decades. In 32 days, that choice is in your hands, Iowa.
 Civil rights leader, Lamell McMorris supports because, as he says, "Pete Buttigieg is the leader we need…
Your donations are more than money—they mean organizers in Iowa and offices across the country. I took a minute to break down what over 2 million contributions from all kinds of Americans have made possible. 
America is better because has dedicated his career to lifting communities and expanding opportunities for all of us. I know he will continue to fight for an America where all belong—and we are thankful for his service. 
 There’s an idea of what America can be. Kevin Costner knows will keep that idea alive. If you believe, h…
America's leaders can no longer watch in silence as Assad and Russia attack innocent Idlib civilians. Inaction is a stain on our collective conscience. The international community must use all available tools at its disposal to stop this massacre and provide humanitarian aid. 
In 2020, we say enough of the chaos and corruption. Enough of systems benefiting corporations instead of everyday people. Enough of Washington dysfunction and division. Enough not only of Donald Trump, but Trumpism at large. Together, we act to build a nation where we all belong. 
A new year brings new beginnings, for us as individuals, for our communities, and for our country. My responsibility as mayor has ended, but the responsibility of 2020 begins. This year, let us resolve to defeat this president, heal a divided nation, and bring on a new era. 
Today we had the opportunity to celebrate the swearing in of a new mayor and council, and I join my whole community in wishing them every success in guiding our hometown.
Together, we brought back a city which was written off as ”dying,” and acted to create new jobs, opportunity, and hope. There’s more to do, but the progress we made tells a story of what we can do by bringing people together around bold ideas. 
Today was my last day as mayor of South Bend. I believe in my hometown, a city that trusted me to lead, sustained me when I left to serve our country, and supported me as a person as well as a mayor. 
I'm particularly proud that as our campaign raised $76 million this year, the average donation was $38. We're building a coalition of Americans from all walks of life, from all across the country. Chip in to join us: 
Over 733,000 people donated to our campaign in 2019, leading to more than 2 million donations and nearly $25 million raised just last quarter. I'm so proud of the grassroots movement you have built—one that will not only beat Trump, but usher in a new era entirely. Thank you. 
We’re moments away from the end of this decade—and the beginning of the year we defeat this president and change the trajectory of our country.This is our time.If you’re ready for a new beginning, please chip in before midnight:  
 1 HOUR LEFT to invest in our movement before 2020 begins. If you’re with chip in now: 
 NEW: We just received our 2,000,000th donation! That’s 2,000,000 acts of hope and investments in campa…
 2 hours left to invest in our movement before 2020 begins. If you’re with chip in now: 
 3 hours left to invest in our movement before 2020 begins. If you’re with chip in now: 
My thoughts continue to be with the people of Somalia in the wake of last weekend’s horrific attack. Among the victims were university students, the very embodiment of progress in a nation striving to build a better future.The world must stand with you against this violence. 
 4 hours left to invest in our movement before 2020 begins. If you’re with chip in now: 
 5 hours left to invest in our movement before 2020 begins. If you’re with chip in now: 
2020 is almost here.Where we go in the new year is up to you. If you’re with me, please chip in before midnight:  
 This year was filled with new friends, new adventures, and new beginnings. I am so proud of this team, this movement,…
2020 will be the year we not only defeat Donald Trump, but defeat Trumpism.I believe we can change the trajectory of our country and be proud of how we did it. But I need you with me.Please chip in before tonight’s midnight fundraising deadline:  
In a formidable field of Democratic leaders, there’s no candidate I want to trade places with. And there is certainly no set of people I'd rather be working with than  wouldn’t be here without your support.Thank you for believing in me. 
We’ve taken our message about the purpose of the presidency and the possibilities for our politics from obscurity to the top tier of our country's political process.We have a lot of work ahead of us. But unlike a year ago, we’ll do it with strong, national grassroots support. 
It’s astonishing for me to think about how far we've come in the last year.Beginning as an improbable idea with a small team in a cramped office, has grown into a team of hundreds of staff and millions of supporters, touching even more lives across the country.
 Help us turn this movement into a new era. Donate before MIDNIGHT:  
Escalated tensions across the Middle East now put our diplomats, military, and ultimately our national interests in harm's way.The world needs steady and clear-eyed American leadership—not mood swings, unstable decisions, and policy by tweet.
Our civilian diplomats and our military are now becoming targets of proxy attacks caused by Iranian aggression, in an environment made more volatile by the erratic foreign policy of Donald Trump. 
 We are less than 24 hours from the year that will end the Trump presidency. But we need your help to start the year off…
Tomorrow night, we’ll ring in the new year.On November 3rd, we’ll ring in a new era.But only if we build a campaign that galvanizes Americans today. If you’re with me, please chip in:  
 We’re in the final stretch. If you’re with chip in:  
We’re just 2 days away from 2020.Tomorrow at midnight will mark the end of this decade. I’m asking you to join me in making 2020 the year we beat Trump and launch a new era.If you’re with me, please chip in:  
 We're less than 48 hours away from the year we defeat this president.Chip in to get us ready for the road ahead: 
┏━━┓┏━━┓┏━━┓┏━━┓┗━┓┃┃┏┓┃┗━┓┃┃┏┓┃┏━┛┃┃┃┃┃┏━┛┃┃┃┃┃                      A New Era┃┏━┛┃┃┃┃┃┏━┛┃┃┃┃┃┗━┓┃┗┛┃┃┗━┓┃┗┛┃┗━━┛┗━━┛┗━━┛┗━━┛
It's great to be back on the trail after a few restful days at home.Thank you to all of you who spent part of your holiday weekend with the team. We’re moving into a critical phase of this campaign and I hope to meet more of you along the way. Let's do this. 
John Lewis is a living example of strength that America needs now more than ever. We will be pulling for him and praying for him and his family as he battles cancer with his characteristic grace and courage.
 3 days.If you're with chip in $3 to make 2020 the year we turn things around. 
We’re just 3 days away from 2020—the year we defeat this president.I believe we can change the trajectory of our country and be proud of how we did it, but only if we put in the work today. If you’re with me, please chip in $3 before the end of the year:  
 Big crowds built on high hopes. Chip in to help us go even bigger:  
  represents a future that is inclusive for all Americans.”—Former Iowa Rep. Deb Berry
My prayers are with the victims of these horrific acts of anti-Semitism and hate. This cannot be tolerated.On the morning of the last night of Hanukkah, let us all rededicate ourselves to ensuring that light beats back darkness. Never again. 
We’re just 4 days away from 2020. That means we’ve got 4 days to raise the resources we’ll need to win in the first 4 contests: Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, and South Carolina.I’m hopeful we can do it. If you’re with me, please chip in:  
257 days ago, I announced my candidacy and together we launched we're just 5 days away from 2020, and closer than ever to the first primary contests. If you can, please chip in to strengthen our organization for the road ahead:  
 The clock is ticking. Just 5 days left to prepare for 2020. Chip in:  
Politics is about our everyday lives.That’s why I’m running for president.If you’re with me—and everyone I’m running for—please chip in to support 
When I ask folks to picture the day after this president leaves office, when the sun rises and our task of rebuilding this country begins, I’m not thinking about Washington.I’m thinking about Nicholas, Angela, Patrick, and Anu.I'm thinking about you.
To Anu, as the son of an immigrant, this is personal for me too. Our system must reflect our values. Last week I released a policy to reform our broken immigration system: 
To Patrick, I am so proud of you. Thank you for summoning the courage to be you and I hope you’ll write me again in the new year.
To Angela, health care is a human right. But health care in America is too expensive, too complicated, and too frustrating. I’m working to build a more equitable and fair system for patients and providers like you.
To Nicholas, I'm proposing we make public college tuition-free for 80% of Americans. Instead of spending your mom's tax dollars on tuition for the kids of billionaires, we should spend it on helping middle class and working families.
Every day, I receive hundreds of letters from people across the country—letters that challenge me, inform me, and, most of all, inspire me.Thank you for sharing your stories.Over the holidays, I've returned to a few letters that have been on my mind.
Extending warm wishes to all those celebrating the start of Kwanzaa.Let us reflect on our blessings while continuing to work toward building a better nation.
 The combination of Buddy, his new favorite stuffed avocado, and slo-mo may very well be the best Christmas present eve…
Today I join millions around the world in celebrating the arrival of divinity on earth, who came into this world not in riches but in poverty, not as a citizen but as a refugee.No matter where or how we celebrate, merry Christmas.
This Christmas Eve, I’m grateful for the sacrifices of our service members and their families—especially those celebrating thousands of miles away from home.Merry Christmas. Thank you for your service.
 ICYMI: Yesterday, sat down with the Editorial Board for an in-depth conversation about his a…
 We are so close to reaching our end-of-year fundraising goal. Chip in and help us cross the finish line: 
 Is this heaven? No, we still have to win Iowa:  
  "Picture how it's going to feel that first day in our country when the sun comes up... and Donald Trump is no…
A joyful few days in Iowa before returning home to celebrate Christmas with family and friends. Safe travels to all those on their way to visit loved ones.See you soon, Iowa. 
 Dr. Evelyn worked with on several projects to empower students and educators in South Bend. She knows he…
My thoughts are with this fallen American’s family, and the loved ones of all service members who paid the ultimate sacrifice in service to their country this year.I join all Americans in wishing their families peace and comfort in this holiday season and those to come. 
India is an important friend and partner of the United States, which is why I’m concerned about the ongoing political detentions, communications blackouts, and other steps being taken by the government that could threaten its longstanding democratic traditions.
This season is one of hope and resilience—qualities that we need to cherish and celebrate more than ever.Regardless of whether you're celebrating Christmas, Hanukkah, or Kwanzaa, all of us at are wishing you and your family peace and joy this holiday season. 
 "I see him as a man of his moment—of his time."—Kevin Costner endorsing in Iowa 
 "The person who speaks for me is going to be someone who listens too. I've found to be that way."—Kevi…
 Despite decades in this country, Zen is still living every day wondering if her status might be jeopardized. It’s time…
Happy Hanukkah to all those beginning the Festival of Lights.May we all find courage and strength in this yearly reminder that light will always drive out the darkness.
 “We must recognize the great contributions of immigrants and create an immigration system that meets the needs of our n…
Our nation must be a beacon of hope for immigrants and refugees.Together, we will create an immigration system for a new era that reflects America’s values of welcoming and belonging.Today I'm announcing a policy to reshape a system in need of reform. 
Immigration is central to America's story. Millions throughout our history, including my father, have come here seeking opportunity or refuge. Immigrants shape our country. They make us stronger. Better. They remind us that America is founded on dreams of freedom and democracy.
This week, I took the  stage for the last time this year. We’re in the fight of our lives. I’m ready to build and galvanize an American majority to defeat not just Trump but Trumpism.If you’re with me, please chip in:  
We're in the fight of our lives.From inviting foreign interference to suppressing votes, Trump and his allies are doing everything they can to hold onto power. We can't go into it with one hand tied behind our backs.If you're ready to beat Trump, we need your help. 
 The diversity of the Latino experience is a perfect reflection of our nation’s values. That diversity lies at the core…
The way to win—to defeat this president and unite our country—is to bring everybody in. I am asking you to join me, vote for me, caucus for me, and help us build a future defined not by exclusion, but by belonging.If you’re with me, please chip in:  
We need Democrats who've been with us all along. We need Independents worried about the direction of our country. We need Republicans disgusted with their own party. We won't all agree on everything but we'll need each other—I will welcome anybody who is ready to help.
We're in the fight of our lives. This president and his allies will stop at nothing—not even foreign interference—to hold onto power. This year alone, they’ve raised over $300 million to win re-election.I'm not going to turn away anyone who wants to help defeat this president.
We've built one act of hope at a time, and more than 700,000 people have donated to our campaign. I hope the way I defended our values and our work last night made you proud, and that you saw me as a candidate who can beat this president.
If you watched last night’s  you saw the campaign we're building come under attack. We didn't start with a big email list or a big bank account. But we had hope—and a belief that it will take a new kind of politics to meet our urgent challenges.
This president uses American farmers as bargaining chips.  Bankruptcies are on the rise, ethanol and biodiesel plants are shutting down, and good-paying jobs are being lost because he continues to put Big Oil ahead of farmers. It’s time to stand up for rural communities. 
 BIG  NEWS: Actor, director, producer, and two-time Academy Award winner Kevin Costner will be in Iowa this Sun…
People of faith have a choice. If your religious values teach you to protect the marginalized, feed the hungry, and welcome the stranger, you are not required to condone what's going on in Washington.  We can choose leaders who walk in the way of humility and decency.
I just stepped off the  stage. I hope I made you proud. If you're with me, please chip in and let’s keep going.  
I am asking you to join this campaign.Because we need every American who is ready to defeat Donald Trump and launch the era that must come next:   
We need a nominee—and a president—who can respond to the crisis of belonging gripping our nation.I’m asking you to join me, vote for me, caucus for me—and help build a future defined not by exclusion but by belonging.  
 We can build an America where everyone thrives, but only if we make investments in Black America: 
No matter who the nominee is, we must all come together to support them and defeat this president.The future of our country depends on it.  
If our service members can summon the courage to deploy to a war zone, our members of Congress must be able to summon the courage to take a tough vote.  
It is critical we have justices who understand that freedom includes reproductive rights and voting rights. As president, I will appoint them.  
 “We cannot go on with these Endless Wars”  promising a three year sunset clause on any future  
 When asked about reparations, Mayor Pete Buttigieg said he supports HR 40, a bill in Congress that would create a commissi…
 Asked at  about his position on reparations, Pete Buttigieg said he supports a longstanding proposal to study the im…
 Asked at  about his position on reparations, Pete Buttigieg said he supports a longstanding proposal to study the impa…
 It counts. 
My plan would make sure cost is not an issue for 90% of students. But I'm not going to ask taxpayers to pay for the tuition of children of millionaires and billionaires because we should spend that money on working families.  
 Beating this president will take all of us:  
I will make sure this is a country of laws and values.That means not only ending unspeakable, cruel practices at the border. But finally fixing an immigration system that needs overhaul.  
We’re in the fight of our lives—and we can't go into it with one hand tied behind our backs.We need everybody by our side. That means Democrats, Independents, and Republicans. So if you’re ready to defeat Donald Trump, join us.   
 What are people saying about  performance?He has what it takes to rally Americans around i…
 As just said, the world needs America, but it has to be an America that lives up to our values. 
 Pete Buttigieg on China's response to Hong Kong protests: "If they perpetuate a repeat of anything like Tiananmen Square when…
 Pete Buttigieg on China's response to Hong Kong protests: "If they perpetuate a repeat of anything like Tiananmen Square when it…
 FACT: Trump has been an ineffective leader on China. calls him out.  
When the American president refers to unfavorable press coverage as the product of the “Enemy of the People,” freedom around the world gets weaker.It’s one more reminder of what’s at stake in this election.  
Unlike this president, no country will be able to purchase my silence.  
 One hour in and is proving that he has what it takes to be our next commander in chief. 
The world needs America right now. But it can’t just be any America. It has to be an America at its best.  
 We can galvanize the American people around a bold agenda without alienating those that agree with us.  htt…
For this president to let China know that his silence can be purchased is trashing American values.  
 What happens next is up to us  
 We're working to raise wages, increase union protections, and build an economy for everyone. But we need your help to d…
 Pete Buttigieg says the biggest problem in the US economy is that "people are not getting paid enough."“I know you’re on…
  We have to summon the energies of the entire country to deal with climate change. 
  Americans know the biggest problem in our economy is simple: People are not getting paid enough.  Americans wo…
We have to summon the energies of the entire country to deal with climate change.I’ve seen politicians in Washington say the right things my entire life. But the impact means nothing unless something actually gets done.  
We’ve got to break out of the Washington mindset that measures bigness of an idea by how many trillions we spend or the boldness of an idea by how many people it can antagonize.  
Where I live, folks aren’t measuring the economy by how the Dow is looking. They’re measuring by how they’re doing.The biggest problem in our economy is simple: People aren’t getting paid enough—and we’ve got to change it by raising wages and empowering workers.  
At the end of the day, this is beyond public opinion. This is beyond polls and politics. The president left Congress with no choice.But the good news is, no matter what happens on the floor of the Senate, it's up to us. That's what 2020 is about.  
We’re about to get started.My team will tweet from my account and while I’m on the  stage—stay tuned and make sure you’re following us on and we go...
Your tenacity for a better future inspires me to work each and every day toward a better America, and your contributions got us this far.I hope I make you proud—and that you’ll chip in to help us keep going. 
Since the beginning, our campaign has inspired Americans from all across the country to partake in acts of hope.From donating to volunteering to knocking on doors, your compassion has brought us to where we are today, and for that, I must say thank you.
We have to get this right.This administration and the type of toxic politics that have sustained it will change our country forever. But there's a better way. This election is our one shot to build the country we know we can and must be.
This movement is about building an America big enough to include everyone. Where instead of more polarization, we galvanize a majority behind ideas bold enough to tackle the challenges of our time. From soaring health care costs to climate change, we can't wait any longer to act.
Tonight, I will take the  stage for the last time this year.When we announced our exploratory, we had no way to be sure we’d make it this far. We've gone from a small group of friends united behind a new approach to politics to a movement poised to change Washington.
 If you're ready for the    
Prepared.  
The Affordable Care Act saves lives. This president's fixation on undermining it isn't just alarming, to the millions of Americans it affects, it's deadly.As president, I will defend the progress we've made and expand access to affordable care with Medicare for All Who Want It. 
But this is not just about this moment or this president. It's about our democracy itself.It's about the era to come after this president leaves office. More than ever, we need leadership to pick up the pieces and move our nation forward.
Our lawmakers take an oath not to party but to country. That oath is all the more important in the most difficult of times.Today it required Congress to defend the rule of law, our national security, and our democracy from a president who puts his own interests above America's.
I am running to be the president who will pick up the pieces of our divided nation, unify the American people, and act boldly to tackle our most urgent challenges.If you’re with me:  
 Growing up in South Bend, Becky thought that success meant getting out. When she returned, she realized that had change…
 “This is not just about this moment or this president. This is about the integrity of the system.”  ht…
We're in the fight of our lives—and we're going to need every patriot to win it.While we may not agree on everything, if you're a Democrat, Independent, or Republican, and you're ready to defeat Donald Trump and Trumpism, I'm glad you're with us. 
My message to those I meet is simple: "este país es tu país."This country is your country. Everyone who has made the United States their home deserves to participate fully and freely in their communities.
 A new era begins with what we do today. Chip in to fuel our movement:  
 NEW: Our FIRST Nevada TV ad is now running statewide. talks about tackling our greatest challenges toget…
Building a more perfect union starts with a democracy that includes every citizen—regardless of who they are, where they live, or whom they support.We need a 21st Century Voting Rights Act to end all types of voter suppression and expand voting access.
This is an important and necessary step to make it easier for those in crisis to receive life-saving help.As president, I will ensure mental health care is affordable and accessible to all. 
 The Latin American diaspora is vast and bound together with an unshakable belief in the power of belonging.
 “I believe only the president can build a sense of belonging and purpose for the entire country.”
 Usted y su familia deben tener la oportunidad de alcanzar el sueño americano: You and your fam…
 A democracy only works when it works for everyone, regardless of race or ethnicity:  
 As a DACA recipient, Selena dreams for herself, her family, and her community. will secure her path to c…
It’s not right when working Americans pay a higher tax rate than Fortune 500 companies.Large corporations profiting from a country that sustains their success must pay their fair share. As president, I will build an economy that values growth and fairness. 
 “The core vision of my campaign is to establish a sense of belonging in the United States where there has been a sense…
 BREAKING IMPT NEWS: The ACA deadline is being extended thanks in large part to everyone pushing for this.“Beginning at 3:00…
  capacitará a los Dreamers para que conduzcan a nuestro país hacia un futuro mejor: 
  is guaranteeing every family a chance at success:  
 Caregiving is a job, and it should be treated as such. latest plan will count years spent caring for a…
 “To meet this moment, it is up to us to unify as a people to ensure that the next era is one where all Latinos feel the…
 El pueblo unido, jamás será vencido—the people united, will never be defeated. will dismantle institutio…
El pueblo unido, jamás será vencido.Hoy me enorgullece anunciar un plan audaz para derribar las barreras que impiden que los latinos sientan que pertenecen por completo en su país. 
El pueblo unido, jamás será vencido—the people united, will never be defeated.Today I'm proud to announce a bold, comprehensive plan to dismantle the institutional barriers that have kept Latinos from feeling like they fully belong in their country.
50 days until Iowa.If you're with me:  
"Together, we shall beat a way; together, we shall turn darkness into light, despair into hope, and promise into progress."As a pioneering young Indiana mayor, Richard Hatcher helped turn promise into progress. My thoughts are with his family and loved ones. 
This is unacceptable. The Affordable Care Act is the law of the land and any American attempting to  should easily be able to do so.The administration should extend the deadline. In the meantime, those seeking coverage should dial 800-318-2596. 
 Councilman Ferlic is endorsing because he believes in Pete’s ability to unify our fractured nation. 
 Councilman-Elect Troy Warner has known for a decade and watched him deliver real solutions for their com…
Families are built on love—no matter what they look like.Being “family friendly” means honoring love, not censoring difference. This truth will be more important than ever as we rebuild our nation into a place defined by belonging, not by exclusion. 
Serving my neighbors and leading a city I love has been the privilege of a lifetime. 
 Proudly built in South Bend. 
 As a retired air force veteran, Gregorio knows the value of service. Now, he’s proud to endorse 
 Councilman Voorde has been an elected official in South Bend for 40 years. He knows what leadership looks like, and
 Earlier today local South Bend leaders stepped forward to tell America about Read their endorsement let…
 Councilwoman McBride worked with to build houses, promote economic well-being, and revitalize South Bend…
 In rust belt cities like South Bend, work is not just a source of income—it’s a source of community. As mayor,
In 2008, I knocked on doors in Iowa for a long-shot presidential candidate from the Midwest. The stakes were high then—they're enormous now. Winning the White House will require everyone to do their part. Take the first step by signing up for 
 Every student on every step of their journey.That’s how will empower the next generation: 
 The story of South Bend is in many ways the story of America:  
 South Bend Councilwoman Rachel Tomas Morgan and share similar values of hope and opportunity, and today…
 I’m here to offer you a future where you have a President, a First Family, and a Secretary or Education that supports public…
My heart is with the families and loved ones of the 26 who died at Sandy Hook. Seven years later, what have we done? The ongoing crisis of gun violence, and the fear that it causes, traumatizes today’s children, parents, and teachers. Enough. It is past time for real action.
 This morning, 11 former and current prominent South Bend leaders announced they are endorsing for presid…
I am running to be the president who will stand amid the rubble, pick up the pieces of our divided nation, and lead us toward a better future.If you’re with me, please chip in:  
 “The reason [this president] needs to change the subject...is because he doesn’t have answers on how to make our lives…
 “At each turn in my life I’ve thought about how to make myself useful.”  
 As the mother of five sons, Dawn is looking for a leader who will look out for their well-being. Here in South Bend, th…
I take the debate stage to stand up for workers’ rights, not to undermine them.I stand in solidarity with the workers of at Loyola Marymount University and I will not cross their picket line.
This issue isn’t just about our elections—it’s about our core democratic principles.My administration’s 21st Century Voting Rights Act will fight racial and partisan gerrymandering, reduce big money in politics, and make voting dramatically easier for all.  
Everyone deserves a second chance to participate in our democracy.I support restoring voting rights for every returning citizen immediately upon their release. As president, I'll ensure none of this is contingent upon any sort of payment or the completion of supervised release. 
 Through the Douglass Plan, will empower Black entrepreneurs to start businesses across the country: 
 This morning, the House Judiciary Committee passed two articles of impeachment against President Trump. Democratic presidenti…
  is fighting for every child's future:  
Cities like mine know what a minor league baseball team can mean to an economy, a culture, and even a childhood. That is what's at stake for the heartland if overhauls the minor league. Do the right thing. Save our teams. 
 You know Now get to know the city that made him →  
  will usher in an era of inclusion in health:  
  is 100% that nominee! Make sure you're following him on for more behind-the-scenes footage of…
Feeling good after joining on 
Thank you for speaking the truth, demanding we listen, and bringing people from different generations, backgrounds, and nations together to combat climate catastrophe.We cannot wait to act. I am with you. Change is coming. 
My deepest condolences are with the family of Detective Seals and all who lost loved ones during the shooting at a Kosher market in Jersey City.Gun violence has created a national security crisis. We must act urgently to combat rising hate and secure our communities. 
One year ago today, China arbitrarily imprisoned Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavor. China has also targeted innocent Americans with cruel and unjustified exit bans. From Dandong to Xinjiang, China's human rights violations must come to an end. 
This Human Rights Day, we're reminded of the ongoing struggle for justice and this administration's disregard for America's moral responsibilities. As president, I will always  at home and abroad—because the world needs an America that champions human dignity.
Transparency and integrity are qualities the American people should expect from their president.I intend to bring those values with me to the Oval Office, and today I’m releasing details of my work history while honoring my word. 
Every donation to is an act of hope. We’ve set a goal of reaching two million donations before the end of the year, and we're just shy of meeting it. If you can, please chip in today:  
 ‘I trust women to make that choice’ — Watch discuss reproductive rights with this 7-year-old New Hampshire…
 Deal. 
 ICYMI: This week, had meaningful conversations about poverty with talked to Southern voter…
 I’ll bet you a case of for a case of Iowa’s finest?
Saddened to learn of the passing of former Rep. Berkley Bedell. His legacy is still felt in the scores of rural communities he lifted up during the Farm Crisis and in the work of the Iowans he inspired to enter public service. My deepest condolences are with the Bedell family. 
I’m proud to stand with in their fight for fair wages for New Hampshire state employees, as recommended by an independent fact-finder’s report.As president, I will stand with unions demanding fair wages for their members—and I will stand those demanding 
 Mayor plan is driven by an important underlying goal: to reclaim the promise ; potential of public educat…
 An underfunded classroom is where many children first learn what it means to be considered less-than in the United Stat…
 “The promise we make in America is that every child should have access to an education that will give them the power to…
 “When we strengthen our education system, we strengthen our democracy. And with these policies, we won’t just teach stu…
The promise we make in America is that every child should have access to an education that will give them the power to live a life of their choosing.Today I'm proud to announce an education plan that centers on students, teachers, and parents. 
Now more than ever, the American people deserve transparency from their president. I’m urging McKinsey to do the right thing, and in the meantime, I’m providing a summary of my work.
 Marisel ha vivido en South Bend durante 21 años. Como muchos, está orgullosa de tener un líder como que…
 Marisel has lived in South Bend for 21 years. Like many, she's proud to have a leader like who's accessi…
While we wait for more information, my thoughts are with the victims and their families.Service members and the dedicated civilians who support them deserve nothing less than safety on American soil and communities free from gun violence. Enough. 
"For I was hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me drink, I was a stranger and you welcomed me." 
 South Benders like Arielle are leading campaign of inclusion and belonging. 
 As President of the South Bend NAACP and a South Bend resident for more than thirty years, Michael has seen
 Gladys is a community organizer in South Bend. When she first met she noticed that he not only listened…
 Having lived in South Bend for 15 years, Marilyn knows the values that bring communities together—and they’re exactly t…
 NEW: Three former Obama administration officials endorse citing the power of his message and his abilit…
“An ambitious man might make his own aggrandizement, by the aid of a foreign power, the price of his treachery to his constituents.” —Alexander Hamilton
This president has berated and demeaned our allies, tarnished our credibility abroad, and put political and personal motives above the national interest.We are seeing the results—from betrayal on the battlefields of Syria to mockery among world leaders at NATO.
 Thank you, South Carolina, for the meaningful conversations and Southern hospitality. We’ll be back soon. 
 Health equity should not just be a priority for those who lack it. believes it is a national responsibil…
 This week, met with and other South Carolinians to talk about confronting health equity an…
 And we’re proud to stand with you and fight side-by-side with you to restore true leadership in the Oval Offi…
I will be a commander in chief who knows what it means to be sent abroad on the orders of a president—one who will keep America’s promise to those who've kept theirs.Thank you, It is an honor to have your endorsement. 
Today I visited a haunting reflection on our country’s history of white supremacy and racial violence, and a sobering reminder of the injustices persisting today.We must act to dismantle racial inequity in our lifetimes—the American project depends on it.
 We’re exactly two months away from the Iowa caucuses—our first big electoral test and a defining moment for our campaig…
It’s time to guarantee workplace protections for all American workers—from gig economy workers to student workers. I stand in solidarity with the and student workers organizing across the country. The administration should negotiate in good faith with 
 International Day of Persons with Disabilities is a reminder to ensure that our health care system is ready and able to…
 This is what inequitable health care looks like. will use the power of the federal government to end the…
 Black Americans make up half of new HIV diagnoses. plan ends this disparity: 
 has spent her career advocating for the voiceless and the vulnerable. I am grateful for her leadership and the courage she brings to the Senate and the national debate. I know she will continue to fight fearlessly on behalf of the American people—and our democracy. 
 Combating institutionalized discrimination and structural racism in our health care system will be a priority in
 There is no one-size-fits-all approach to health care. That’s why has released a plan that centers peopl…
70 years after the founding of NATO, we must repair the strained relationships with our European allies. Not because we owe them or they owe us, but because America is safer and stronger when we work with strong and able partners—and when those partners can trust America’s word.
The freedom to live a healthy life is an essential part of the American promise—yet millions find their health determined by who they are or where they live. I will make achieving health equity a strategic priority during my first 100 days in office.
 joined this race to guarantee a fair shot for all, including communities that often go overlooked in our politics. I'm grateful to him for his service and I look forward to working with him to build a better future for all Americans. 
Today, we remember the victims of the San Bernardino attack.Today, tomorrow, and the next day, we'll continue demanding action.It's past time for Washington to act on the threat of gun violence and keep our communities safe.
The freedom to organize is an American freedom. That’s why I’m proud to stand with workers in their fight for their rights at Station Casinos in Nevada. 
Thank you and for the warm welcome. It was an honor to worship with you and I look forward to working alongside you as we serve those who are most vulnerable and most in need. 
On  we mourn the lives we've lost, stand with those living with HIV/AIDS, and set our eyes on a new era. I will use the powers of the presidency to tear down walls of exclusion and banish HIV/AIDS by 2030. 
Saddened by the loss of Hoosier William Ruckelshaus, who will be remembered for refusing to carry out the orders of a president trying to cover up his crimes. We will never all agree on every issue, but we should all strive to follow his example. 
 After morning worship, ; I will host a conversation on addressing poverty in America, along w/ fusion pol…
 Support small businesses. 
Small businesses begin as acts of hope and go on to fuel our economy. This  support veteran, women, and minority-owned small businesses, and help open new doors of opportunity for their owners, our communities, and our country.
 This is about empowering the next generation. 
This Black Friday, thank the department store clerk who gave up Thanksgiving dinner with her family for overtime pay, the warehouse employee working an extra shift to fulfill online orders, and the ride-share driver without workplace protections. It's time for 
Thanksgiving is an opportunity for Americans to come together—as families, friends, and as a nation. Today I'm especially thankful for the sacrifices of those in uniform—protecting us abroad so that we may celebrate at home.From my family to yours, happy Thanksgiving.
 Dorothy is 101 years old. Once a nurse, the costs of long-term care have drained her life savings and left her with few…
 This week, sat down with Barb and Vicky, two women navigating our broken long-term services system. All…
Today, as we travel to be with family or friends or begin to set the table for Thanksgiving dinner, let’s focus on the values we share and the hopes we carry to build a better future for our families, our communities, and our country. 
If we are going to defeat Donald Trump, we need a nominee who can credibly call out his corruption. That's why I've released my tax returns in both the public and private sectors. Any candidate who claims they can beat Trump should lead by example. 
 “I am determined to usher in a new era for older Americans that upholds the unshakable promise that every American shou…
 At 77, Ms. Bernice is still working. Having taken care of her aging mother only a few years ago, she knows how much sac…
 It’s time that Social Security recognized caregiving as work:  
 20 million seniors currently choose a private Medicare option and plan protects their future: 
 
  is about to speak with live about his vision for the future of our country. Tune in 📺…
Today, I’m announcing a comprehensive plan to usher in a new era for older Americans. One that empowers them to age and retire with dignity—while equipping them and their families with a sense of security over their futures. 
 ICYMI: Last week, discussed empowering our nation's HBCUs at took part in the  me…
 Are you excited for a conversation between and Indivisible? So are we! Make sure you join us Monday mor…
This president is robbing our nation of its values and our service members of their honor.
 "People like me and people not at all like me...making it possible for me to be standing here wearing this wedding ring…
 This week, visited to discuss his commitment to empowering our nation's HBCUs through a $50 b…
 Thank you for having me, and for the important work you and the team do every day.
Donald Trump has been repeatedly manipulated by our adversaries. He has allowed them to purchase the silence of the American president.As I just told that will not happen when I am in office. 
I applaud the bravery of the Iranian protestors and I stand with them as they once again rise up to demand change. The Iranian government must take action to improve the lives of its citizens, rather than resorting to violence and censorship to repress protests.
 “The president clearly has no strategy.” 
 “I'm not only running to defeat Donald Trump. I am running to prepare for the day that begins when Donald Trump has lef…
 “We are going to have to unify a nation that is as divided as ever and, while doing it, address big issues that didn’t…
Today is the last day you'll see political ads on Twitter. But all digital platforms, including Facebook, must accept their responsibility for truth in advertising. As president, I will hold them accountable to stop promoting lies.If you agree, please join our campaign.
 Are you keeping up with day in Atlanta? Follow him on for the latest updates. 
Thank you for the warm welcome, Atlanta. Appreciated the opportunity to share what’s in my heart and to hear from Georgians this morning about the issues most important to them and their families. 
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to Los Angeles to meet me and watch the December Democratic debate in person! Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win. Flights and hotel are on us!
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to Los Angeles to meet me and watch the December Democratic debate in person! Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win. Flights and hotel are on us!
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to Los Angeles to meet me and watch the December Democratic debate in person! Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win. Flights and hotel are on us!
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to Los Angeles to meet me and watch the December Democratic debate in person! Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win. Flights and hotel are on us!
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to Los Angeles to meet me and watch the December Democratic debate in person! Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win. Flights and hotel are on us!
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to Los Angeles to meet me and watch the December Democratic debate in person! Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win. Flights and hotel are on us!
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to Los Angeles to meet me and watch the December Democratic debate in person! Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win. Flights and hotel are on us!
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to Los Angeles to meet me and watch the December Democratic debate in person! Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win. Flights and hotel are on us!
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to Los Angeles to meet me and watch the December Democratic debate in person! Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win. Flights and hotel are on us!
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to Los Angeles to meet me and watch the December Democratic debate in person! Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win. Flights and hotel are on us!
Thank you for having me at your Atlanta office today, and for your leadership on voting rights. We must work together to fight voter suppression and keep every voter on the rolls. 
  says  should have touched on Trump's pardoning of war criminals: "I can't think of something worse f…
 I just stepped off the  stage. If you’re with me, please chip in and let’s keep going:  
  just stepped off the and  stage—and people are saying he won. Read the…
I’m not only running to defeat Donald Trump, I’m running to launch the era that must come next. I’m inviting progressives, moderates, and future former Republicans to join us in building that era—an era characterized by belonging, not by exclusion.  
 No one should ever feel like a stranger in their own country.  
Washington experience is not the only experience that matters. There’s more than 100 years of Washington experience on this stage, and where are we as a country?  
As a mayor who has seen the consequences of systemic racism on my neighbors, as a person whose faith teaches me to stand with the marginalized, and as someone whose rights have been expanded by people who are like me and not like me, I'm determined to get this right.  
 It's time to bring America into the 21st century and that starts with taking our security seriously.  
We need federal leadership to establish voting rights for the 21st century.  
  is commanding the  stage. Catch up on what people are saying! 
 Our farmers have a crucial role to play in combating climate change.Read plan for empowering rural A…
We do not have a 21st century security strategy coming from this president. After all, he’s relying on 17th century defense mechanisms, like building a wall. As president, I will focus on the threats of the future.  
This president doesn’t care one bit about farmers.  
 Let's be bigger →  
Whether it’s his trade war or small-refinery waivers, this president keeps asking farmers to take one for the team. As president, I will recruit farmers and rural Americans to help solve our nation’s greatest challenges.  
 Once again, this president is attempting to fix a mess created by his own reckless policies. And once again, it’s too li…
 Pete Buttigieg: "We've still got to act on health care, kids learning active shooter drills before they learn to read...Those…
 “I also wore the uniform of this country and know what’s at stake in decisions made in the Oval Office and Situation Room” 
 The big issues cannot wait →  
What we do to better lives in a Midwestern town might look small to Washington politicians. But where I’m from, it’s the partisan fighting in Washington that looks small.  
We have an opportunity to make real progress on health care, gun safety, and immigration. But only if we galvanize—not polarize—the American people.  
We must confront Donald Trump for his wrongdoings. That means impeachment. But we must do more. I’m running to be the president who will stand amid the rubble of his presidency, pick up the pieces, and unify a divided nation.  
 People across the country submitted videos wishing good luck. With a team like this, anything is possibl…
I’m about to take the  stage. My team in South Bend will tweet for me while I’m out there, so follow along here and at I hear we've also got plans for and so stay tuned. Here we go.
We launched with little more than hope in our hearts and bold ideas for a better future. Since then, nearly 700,000 Americans have invested in our campaign for change. You've gotten us here. I am profoundly grateful and I hope I make you proud tonight.
 
Focused. 
This election will be the fight of our lives. But after that fight ends, the real work begins. I’m running to be the president who will stand amid the rubble, gather up the pieces of our divided nation, and lead us toward a better future. 
Proud of Hoosier teachers and allies for their massive show of support for public education today in Indiana. When we better honor and compensate our educators, the future will be brighter for all Americans.  
At least 22 transgender and gender non-conforming people have been killed in America this year. Tonight, I’m thinking of them and those whose deaths may never be reported. We must all commit to building a country where transgender Americans are safe, equal, and free. 
Latinas in America earn just 54 cents on the dollar. That’s not enough to invest in an education, provide for a family, or achieve the American Dream. As we recognize tomorrow’s  we must acknowledge our duty to ensure an economy that works for everyone.
 ICYMI: Yesterday at unveiled his plan to invest $50 billion in our nation's HBCUs: 
Instead of providing free college tuition for the children of millionaires and billionaires, I will open doors of opportunity for Americans who choose not to go to college with massive investments in apprenticeships, workforce training, and lifelong learning programs.
As president, I will strengthen paths to college for students from working and middle-class families with historic investments in HBCUs, expanded Pell Grants, and tuition-free public college:  
Like his service, Lt. Col Vindman’s testimony demonstrates not just courage but real love for our country and its freedoms. Now, the character of our country is on the line.
There will come a day when Donald Trump is no longer in office.I am running to be the president who can stand on the rubble, pick up the pieces of our divided nation, and guide us toward a better future—united as one United States of America. 
The Trump administration’s statement on West Bank settlements is not only a significant step backward in our efforts to achieve a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, it is the latest in a pattern of destructive decisions that harm our national interests. 
 Glad to see address the need to make higher ed jobs good, union jobs.  In a country as rich as ours, choosing to t…
 HBCUs have been empowering Black students for generations. We must ensure they have the funding to continue creating ou…
Cost should never be a barrier to a brighter future for anyone in our country—whether someone chooses to go to college or not. The plan I'm unveiling today makes affordable college and workforce programs available to all. 
 Our plan makes college affordable for everyone, including DACA recipients: 
 Systemic racism and chronic underfunding have left too many HBCUs vulnerable. Our new plan commits $50 billion to HBCUs…
 “Our ability....to sustain and expand our middle class, and to make sure children have a better life than their parents…
Our future will be shaped in many ways by the education we make available to all Americans—whether they choose to go to college or not. Today, I’m proud to announce a plan to open new horizons by bringing opportunity within reach:  
China is waging a shocking, merciless campaign to erase the religious and ethnic identity of millions. The United States has a responsibility to speak out. This president’s silence has a cost. 
I am not just here to end the era of Donald Trump. I am here to launch the era that must come next—an era of hope and belonging. We can get there, together. 
 Win with hope. 
The last image of Tua Tagovailoa's college football career—a career for which he deserved to be compensated. 
Proud to be the first candidate to file in the Palmetto State. Thank you, Rev. Ann McCants, for representing 105 days to go! 
 87 days until the New Hampshire primary. Are you on board?  
 A series unlike any other. We conclude the 93rd playing of this historic rivalry by singing Navy's alma mater side by sid…
Chief Justice Mark Cady’s rulings changed lives, making more Americans more free and bringing hope to many. His service set an example for the nation, and I am profoundly grateful. My deepest condolences are with the Cady family, his community, and the people of Iowa. 
There’s nothing pro-military about overruling our military justice system to prevent it from delivering accountability for war crimes. The president has again dishonored our armed services.
Encouraged by today's news out of Texas. Governor Abbott should accept this recommendation and give Rodney Reed the new trial he deserves and justice demands.
Amb. Yovanovitch is a profile in patriotism and courage. All Americans owe a debt of gratitude to her and the career diplomats and public servants who serve with honor and now find themselves under a spotlight they didn’t seek. For them, the national interest always comes first.
This isn't just about this president. It's about the presidency. It's about the future of our republic. 
 Picture that morning. 
 Congratulations, Ady and Rachael, on welcoming Willow into your family! We’re thrilled for you and all of us at are sending our best.
A 16-year-old girl.A 14-year-old boy.My heart breaks for their families, the Santa Clarita community, and our country. America is sacrificing a generation to the devastating effects of gun violence because our leaders in Washington lack the will to save lives. We must act.
 Something is happening in Nevada. 
I will be a commander in chief who keeps America’s promise to those who kept their promise to serve our nation. 
 There’s only 100 days until the Nevada Caucus, and our movement is getting bigger every day. Show you support and commi…
We don’t yet have all the details of the horrifying events in Santa Clarita. But we do know that in America today, children are scared to go to school. Parents and teachers are terrified. And that can’t stand. It is time to hold the NRA and our leaders in Washington accountable.
Left without remedy, an injustice does not heal. It compounds. As president, I’ll increase funding for HBCUs and minority-serving institutions by $50 billion, because we have a national obligation to invest in the next generation of Black American leaders.
 When it comes to increasing access to health care, is offering Americans something new: a guarantee and…
I’m proud to stand with and workers in the  It is time for  
I strongly condemn the rocket attacks on the citizens of southern and central Israel. Israel has a right to defend itself against acts of terror that set back any progress towards peace and will only serve to inflame the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
I am running to be the president who will stand amid the rubble, gather up the pieces of our divided nation, and lead us toward a better future. 
Today, Sikhs worldwide are celebrating the 550th birth anniversary of Guru Nanak, the founder of Sikhism. Sikh Americans have made our nation stronger, and I hope you will join me in wishing our Sikh friends and neighbors a joyful celebration.
 It's  and we need a new generation of leaders who know that the challenges we face are about m…
 Serving in the Marine Corps fundamentally changed life and inspired her to advocate for veterans in need o…
  and you belong. 
 Women in uniform deserve to know that the VA is prepared to support them: 
 “When you raise your right hand and vow to give everything to your country, America commits to taking care of you and y…
 Thanks to our crews for keeping South Bend streets safe to drive—and thanks to residents for your patience and understanding as leaf crews and trucks temporarily switch over for snow duty!
 “The women and men who come home from war are not unblemished heroes or broken souls...They are the greatest asset that…
 Glad to have our friends in South Bend tonight playing in the same spot they did for our wedding ❤️ ht…
 During his  address, veered from his prepared remarks to offer our nation's Vietnam veterans…
 This afternoon, during his  address, recalled meeting South Bend high school students who ha…
 Organizations like are doing the work to ensure that those who serve the homeland have a home when they come ba…
 Veteran health care is not a favor, it's a promise that Washington has broken countless times. That’s why
 We’re live from Rochester, New Hampshire, where is delivering a  address. Tune in: 
 This afternoon, will honor our nation's veterans with an address in Rochester, New Hampshire. Tune in at…
I appreciate this reporter’s swift and honest correction of a misquote on my views of the Obama presidency. From health care to DADT repeal to the rescue of the auto industry, my appreciation of the great leadership of Barack Obama comes from a very personal place. 
This Veterans Day, we pause to honor the courage and sacrifice of all those who've stepped up to serve. Let us also reflect on the promises our country must make to them in return. Fellow veterans, I am proud to stand with you:  
 I blame the father.
 One nation. 
 ICYMI: This past week, toured Iowa and New Hampshire aboard our all-access, on-the-record bus tour, stop…
Ready for the road ahead. 
This week, the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments in a crucial case for DREAMers across our country. If you or someone you know is a DACA holder, please know that I am with you. You belong. And now is the time to check your eligibility for renewal:  
Fellow veterans take note: the President of the United States has formally confessed to illegally misdirecting charitable funds from an event he claimed was a benefit for veterans. How many more affronts to flag and uniform will we tolerate? 
Rodney Reed is set to be executed on November 20th in Texas—despite new evidence that could prove his innocence. For justice to be served, the truth should be out. Rodney Reed deserves a new trial. If you live in Texas, call Governor Abbott to demand one: 512-686-5729
The death penalty in America is not only a cruel practice, it furthers systemic racism and has taken too many Black lives. It cannot deliver equal or true justice—it's time for it to end. For proof, we need to look no further than the case of Rodney Reed. 
We need an economy that delivers more. As president, I won't just measure success by looking at the size of the stock market or GDP—I'll look to you. Today, I'm announcing a plan to raise incomes, lower costs, and build a brighter future for all Americans. 
I respect the office of the presidency. But, as I just told this president has done nothing to command my respect—and I don’t believe he has done enough to command yours.
 On the road again 🚌Next stop, New Hampshire! 
 We trust the American people to decide what’s best for their families—while lowering health care costs so care is affor…
 “As Mayor spoke, something else happened that I had not experienced in quite some time. A tingle began r…
Voting is a right, not a privilege. I stand with New Hampshire college students, and those who believe in democracy in the fight against HB 1264, a law intended to confuse and intimidate young citizens out of voting. All Americans deserve to have their rights protected.
Labor rights are under attack across the country. In Cedar Rapids, more than 500 workers are demanding fair wages and better working conditions from I am proud to stand with them and all workers in the fight for fair contracts and workplace protections.
 The issues facing people with disabilities are too urgent to be sidelined: 
From securing additional funding for schools to effectively combating New Hampshire’s substance use disorder crisis, Mayor Craig has addressed Manchester’s challenges head-on. We need more leaders like her—and it’s why she was re-elected. Congratulations, 
There is no such thing as a permanently red state. Thank you to every organizer and supporter whose acts of hope made last night possible. You helped to elect in Kentucky and flip the Virginia legislature. Congratulations to Democrats across the country!
 We will get there—together. 
  will ensure that 85% of children with intellectual and multiple disabilities can thrive in general educ…
Big congratulations to James and all of the South Bend Common Council members elected tonight! Great opportunities are ahead for continued progress and inclusive growth in our hometown.
Climate catastrophe is on the horizon—whether this president believes it or not. As president, I will restore American credibility and leadership by rejoining the  and engaging the world to tackle climate as the global security issue of our time. We can’t wait.
 🗣️ Ve! 🗣️ Vota! 🗣️  
 🗣️ Go🗣️ Vote!🗣️  
This week marks the anniversaries of three of the deadliest mass shootings in American history: Fort Hood and Sutherland Springs, Texas; and Thousand Oaks, California.Our calendars are filling up with reminders of Washington’s failure to keep us safe. It’s time for change.
Take it from me: state and local elections matter.I just voted here in South Bend. If you're in Indiana, Kentucky, Mississippi, New Hampshire, or Virginia, please get out there and vote. Click below to find a polling location near you. 
 ✅  Iowa Caucus 
Don’t wait until next year’s presidential election to make your voice heard. Tomorrow, important state and local elections are happening across the country. Learn more—especially if you’re in IN, KY, MS, NH, or VA—and make a plan to vote. 
 With on his second Iowa Bus Tour, now is the perfect time to relive the first one. Together, we can win…
 This afternoon, this president formally began America’s withdrawal from the  a year-long process for a…
 A weekend to remember, brought to you by high hopes and the best organizers in Iowa. 
 A different kind of campaign for a different kind of candidate. 
Let's make history and begin a new era—together. 
 
 November 3, 2019: Build a movement.November 3, 2020: Win the era. 
Auditor did not steer us wrong with the hometown dining tips. Ridiculously good Ronnie’s Rolls from Ruby’s to start the day off right in Decorah, among other local treats. Will have to come back! 
I am not just here to end the era of Donald Trump. I am here to launch the era that must come next—one of hope and belonging. 
 A president. 
 People with disabilities are too often asked to navigate a world that was not built with them in mind. That’s why
Our country is stronger when we draw on the talents and capacity of every American. As president, I will work with advocates to create a new era of inclusion and belonging for people with disabilities. 
Thank you, Iowa! Let's go make history.  
I am ready to galvanize an American majority that is longing for change, done with division, and prepared to act. Iowa, are you with me?  
I just stepped off the  stage. If you’re with me, please chip in—and let’s go make history. 
 Watch history unfold 👇
I’m about to take the  stage for a night that will keep us on track toward winning the nomination. I hope I make you proud. My team will tweet for me while I'm on stage. Follow along and watch live here: 
Tonight, we’re back for  our biggest Iowa event yet. I’ve got my family, those same friends, thousands of supporters by my side—and you. I am profoundly grateful to you, every volunteer, and the more than 600,000 individual supporters who've gotten us here.
Nine months ago, a few friends and I arrived in Iowa for my first trip of this campaign. We started in Ames and finished right here in Des Moines, where I met with a few dozen folks for coffee. That trip—like many I've taken since—was an act of hope.
  pre-LJ rally is over but the night has just b…
Running for office is an act of hope. I’m grateful to for his leadership and for offering hope to Americans across our country. I know he will continue to fight for a safer and brighter future where all belong. 
 We’re moments away from our pre-LJ rally with and Deputy Research Director…
 🗣️BOOT 🗣️EDGE🗣️EDGE 
 “A new culture of belonging is the sort of thing that only the powers of the presidency can deliver. Not the legal powe…
 Iowa Rule  Make a few friends 
 Something special is happening in Iowa—and we’re just getting started! 
Ready for  
 Iowa Rule  Always play to win! 
 What’s the Liberty-Justice Dinner? It’s only one of the biggest events in Iowa politics! breaks down t…
155 years ago, in the midst of the Civil War, Nevada was admitted to the Union. Their quest for statehood is a reminder that even at our most divided there is strength in unity. Happy  from all of us at
 Mobilize hope. 
 Gearing up for  Don’t miss a beat. Tag to share your best moments with all of  And foll…
Women are held to a different standard. Washington continues to prove it. We must work together to build lasting power for women in our politics, our economy, and our society. 
 America needs a fresh start. 
Thank you, for lifting our stories and courageously using your own to advocate for better health care in America. 
Game on. 
 Curiosity—to understand the perspective of all Americans, to learn not just what, but why things are happening—is a pre…
This president took an oath to protect and defend the Constitution. So did every member of Congress. This president violated that oath, betraying our country and leaving our representatives with no choice but to uphold their own. Congress must move forward with impeachment.
Today was one for the books. We're officially on the ballot in New Hampshire. Now let's go win. 
Digital platforms should accept their responsibility for truth in advertising, or they shouldn’t be in the business at all. If they run a political ad shown to be false, it should be removed—just like a TV station would do. We must act to protect our democracy in the digital age.
 First. 
 My thoughts continue to be with all those in the paths of these life-threatening wildfires—from Easy to Getty to Kincade. Thank you to the firefighters and public servants working to keep California safe. We must act now to prevent climate catastrophe. 
 It's official: is the first major candidate to join the ballot for New Hampshire's first-in-the-nation p…
History will remember those who stood up to defend our republic, and the congressional Republicans who stood in their way.
Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman is an American patriot who should be honored for his courage—in a war zone and in a congressional hearing room. It's time for congressional Republicans to summon just an ounce of his courage by putting country ahead of party and supporting impeachment.
Seven years ago today, Hurricane Sandy made landfall in NY, claiming hundreds of lives and inflicting billions of dollars in damages. It was the second-costliest hurricane America had ever seen...until Harvey. Climate disasters are worsening and we're running out of time to act. 
It’s past time to end the assault on reproductive freedom in our country. As president, I will act to safeguard the constitutional right to safe and legal abortion and related care. And together, we will  
Good. 
 Change is coming. 
My thoughts are with all those in the paths of the wildfires ravaging California. We can't wait to fortify our communities from the devastating effects of climate change—and we must act before it’s too late. LA, stay safe and follow for  updates. 
Kay Hagan provided the 60th and decisive vote for the Affordable Care Act—knowing she could lose her seat in the Senate. She served with a brand of courage sorely missing in today's Washington. My deepest condolences are with her family, friends, and the people of North Carolina.
John Conyers fought for our country on the fields of war, on the frontlines of the civil rights movement, and in the halls of Congress. From MLK Day to the Congressional Black Caucus, his contributions cannot be forgotten. My deepest condolences are with his family and community.
We want to give the people powering our campaign a piece of it to keep with them, so we've created an Official Team Pete Card to carry around with you and use to access a special discount in our online store!Chip in any amount today to receive your personalized card.
We want to give the people powering our campaign a piece of it to keep with them, so we've created an Official Team Pete Card to carry around with you and use to access a special discount in our online store!Chip in any amount today to receive your personalized card.
We want to give the people powering our campaign a piece of it to keep with them, so we've created an Official Team Pete Card to carry around with you and use to access a special discount in our online store!Chip in any amount today to receive your personalized card.
We want to give the people powering our campaign a piece of it to keep with them, so we've created an Official Team Pete Card to carry around with you and use to access a special discount in our online store!Chip in any amount today to receive your personalized card.
Happy  to all those celebrating across America and around the world. May the Festival of Lights remind us that knowledge eventually wins over ignorance, and good ultimately triumphs over evil. 
Today marks one year since the deadliest anti-Semitic attack in U.S. history, when a white supremacist with a gun stormed Pittsburgh’s Tree of Life Synagogue, killing eleven and injuring six. May their memory be a blessing—and a reminder that our leaders must act.
We want to give the people powering our campaign a piece of it to keep with them, so we've created an Official Team Pete Card to carry around with you and use to access a special discount in our online store!Chip in any amount today to receive your personalized card.
We want to give the people powering our campaign a piece of it to keep with them, so we've created an Official Team Pete Card to carry around with you and use to access a special discount in our online store!Chip in any amount today to receive your personalized card.
This is a blow against ISIS and an important step in the fight against stateless terrorism. Credit should go to all who were involved; above all to the brave Americans in uniform and intelligence professionals who risked their lives to complete this mission. Today, we honor them. 
 Not only did launch a new policy this week that would build women’s power, but he debuted that policy in…
Let’s do this. 
It’s past time to recognize that our criminal justice system is unfair, and in many ways, racist. Today, I’m detailing a bold plan to transform the criminal legal system into one that truly secures justice and benefits all Americans. 
 To all the women fighting to be heard in their workplaces, their communities, and our country,  stands with yo…
Encouraged to hear has reached an agreement with the ending the longest automotive strike in 50 years. To all those who took to the picket line, your sacrifices paid off, and your protests reminded the nation of the urgent need to deliver  
In South Bend, we refused to make officers double as ICE agents because it reduces trust, makes communities less safe, and it's just plain wrong. I applaud the for ending its 287-G agreement, and as president, I’ll end the program altogether. 
 Our National Policy Director, knows we have an obligation to empower women at every level. That’s why we’ve…
 For millions of women and girls in America, the stakes in this upcoming election could not be higher. That's why
 “One of my biggest advocates as I thought about running for office—a leader who inspired me in my journey to public ser…
 Our campaign is built by women like so are our policies. That's why just unveiled a bo…
Today is the last day to enter! Don't throw away your shot. Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win tickets for you and a guest to see Hamilton with my husband Chasten. Flights and hotel are on us.
Today is the last day you can enter! Don't throw away your shot.
Today is the last day to enter! Don't throw away your shot. Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win tickets for you and a guest to see Hamilton with my husband Chasten. Flights and hotel are on us.
Today is the last day you can enter! Don't throw away your shot.
 Millions of women like are juggling both professional success and motherhood by themselves.
 Terri made a point to meet with every presidential candidate, but stuck with her because of his commitme…
 We both believe every American has the right to health care. We just diverge on how to make it a reality. The current rules of our politics might say this means we shouldn't talk to each other—but it’s better that we exchange ideas and bear in mind our common goal.
Tonight I’m in New Hampshire where I’ll speak about my comprehensive new plan to build lasting economic, political, and social power for women in America. Watch live: 
 Vivianna is a survivor in every sense of the word. plan ensures that all women, especially women of co…
I sat down with for a personal and substantive conversation about how to best reach our shared goal of providing every American with quality, affordable health care. Thanks again for having me, Ady. I appreciate you and your work. 
 We cannot solve America's problems with one hand tied behind our backs. Our new plan ensures every woman is empowered t…
 Access to reproductive care is one of the biggest issues for voters like Dara—that’s why has built a pla…
 Society forces too many women to shrink themselves—to be seen and not heard. It's time to build a world where every wom…
A big thanks to my friend for his service and passion. Tim is a tireless fighter for working families and the industrial communities we both come from. I look forward to working with him in Washington to build an economy that works for all Americans. 
 When racism and sexism intersect, the damage to women of color is compounded—that’s why plan closes th…
 Senior Advisor sat down with to talk about our new policy to build power—and a better futu…
 Tomorrow, October 25th is the last day to enter! Don't throw away your shot.
Tomorrow, October 25th is the last day to enter! Don't throw away your shot.
Tomorrow, October 25th is the last day to enter! Don't throw away your shot.
 "The ability to communicate is so essential to feeling human." Later today — my interview with Tune in. ht…
Every woman has the right to live free from violence, harassment, and discrimination. As president, I will work to secure safe communities for all women. That's why today—on  sharing my plan to build lasting power for women in America. 
 The freedom of women is bound up in the freedom of all Americans:  
It’s time for a president who understands that freedom for women doesn’t mean incremental progress—it means lasting power. Today, I’m proud to announce a plan to help secure economic, political, and social equality for all women in America:  
Everything about my experience in the military was abundantly real, from the boredom to the danger. Now shall we talk about Donald Trump’s experiences with military service? 
This conversation was personal as well as substantive, and I look forward to sharing it with all of you. Thank you for having me, 
 Thank you for having me. I'm grateful to your members for the services they provide and proud to stand with you in the fight for health care and economic justice.
I used work in a SCIF, as a military officer. The importance of keeping it secure (i.e. from cell phone signals) was drilled into us so deeply that I’d have bad dreams about accidentally leaving my phone in the pocket of my uniform. This behavior is an embarrassment. 
Ambassador Taylor confirmed what this president and his chief of staff have already admitted: quid pro quo and abuse of power. We know what he offered and what he wanted in return. The only question now is one of integrity. It's time for Republicans to support impeachment.
This is scientifically and medically absurd—and morally repugnant. 
This isn't just bad news for Syrian Kurds, it's bad news for America—brought to you by the president of the United States. His betrayal of our allies and our values is emboldening our adversaries, destroying our credibility, and weakening our national security. 
The history of lynching in America is one of murderous torture and violent death, motivated by white supremacy, tolerated or even celebrated by ordinary people. To equate this with a Constitutional process, underway to hold a lawless president accountable, is disgusting.
 From drinks in the park to slow jamming the news, these are our favorite late night moments from the campaign. 
 Mayor on his campaign message   
 Mayor on his "Medicare for All Who Want It" plan. More with Mayor on  
Thanks for having me, Catch us tonight at 11:35 ET on 
This commander in chief is robbing our troops of their honor. If you take away a soldier’s honor, you might as well take away their armor next. 
 You won't want to miss in tonight—and find on for more behind-the-scenes…
 Thank you for participating, Andrea, and for being an important voice on this issue in your race. Together, we can bring real progress on this issue.
You can’t uphold your oath to protect and defend the Constitution if you think it’s phony. 
 Look at where we are. Look at where we started. I'm so proud of the movement we've built and would love to celebrate…
 Look at where we are. Look at where we started. I'm so proud of the movement we've built and would love to celebrate…
 I’m excited to invite a group of supporters to the musical Hamilton. What could be a better fit for the Pete for Ameri…
 I’m excited to invite a group of supporters to the musical Hamilton. What could be a better fit for the Pete for Ameri…
  has a plan to restore fairness and balance to our economy—so that every worker can share in America's g…
 Pennsylvania is ready for a new era. 
  was in high school when the Columbine shooting happened. 20 years later, not enough has changed.Watc…
 ICYMI: This past week, our Boot Pledge Pledge Weekend of Action was met with success, won the fourth deb…
 This morning, sat down with and where he talked about foreign p…
 "Imagine the sun rising on the morning after this president leaves office. We will be relieved. But we will also be div…
Santa Clara County families and children depend on the services workers provide—those workers should be treated fairly and with respect. I stand in solidarity with because it’s time to  and provide  
This president is systematically destroying American alliances and American values, robbing our troops of their honor, and weakening our democracy at its core. One way or another, he must be removed from office.“The fate of our Republic depends upon it.”
Denied a living wage and quality health care, the have been on strike for nearly two months against Their strike is an urgent reminder of why we need  and I stand with them.
Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered to win tickets for you and a guest to go see Hamilton with Chasten. Flights and hotel are on us!
Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered to win tickets for you and a guest to go see Hamilton with Chasten. Flights and hotel are on us!
Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered to win tickets for you and a guest to go see Hamilton with Chasten. Flights and hotel are on us!
Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered to win tickets for you and a guest to go see Hamilton with Chasten. Flights and hotel are on us!
Don't throw away your shot! Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win tickets for you and a guest to see Hamilton with my husband Chasten. Flights and hotel are on us.
Don't throw away your shot! Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win tickets for you and a guest to see Hamilton with my husband Chasten. Flights and hotel are on us.
Don't throw away your shot! Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win tickets for you and a guest to see Hamilton with my husband Chasten. Flights and hotel are on us.
Don't throw away your shot! Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win tickets for you and a guest to see Hamilton with my husband Chasten. Flights and hotel are on us.
“The stars don't look bigger, but they do look brighter.” —Sally Ride 
 We need a president that will restore U.S. credibility and bring us together to tackle our biggest challenges. On Tuesd…
Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered to win tickets for you and a guest to go see Hamilton with Chasten. Flights and hotels are on us!
Don't throw away your shot! Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win tickets for you and a guest to see Hamilton with my husband Chasten. Flights and hotel are on us.
Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered to win tickets for you and a guest to go see Hamilton with Chasten. Flights and hotels are on us!
Don't throw away your shot! Please chip in any amount now to be automatically entered to win tickets for you and a guest to see Hamilton with my husband Chasten. Flights and hotel are on us.
The purpose of the presidency is not the glorification of the president. 
 Volunteers win elections →  
Picture it. 
“I want justice, oceans of it. I want fairness, rivers of it. That’s what I want.”  a man of courage and faith My deepest sympathies are with the Cummings family and his community. Let us honor him by insisting on justice and integrity in leadership, as he did.
Thank you, Madam Speaker, for literally standing up for our country. 
 We won the  Now help us win the era:  
 BIG UPDATE:  didn’t just blow us away, it accelerated our movement. In the last 24 hours,…
 ICYMI: is in it for all of us. 
The purpose of the presidency is not the glorification of the president. It is the unification of the American people.
We have a crisis of belonging in this country that is helping to explain so many of our problems, from our politics being what it is to people dying from despair. I believe that only the president can build a sense of belonging and purpose for the entire country.
I formed friendships in the military with people who were radically different from me—different generation, different race, definitely different politics. We learned to trust each other with our lives.
 I just stepped off the  stage. I hope I made you proud. If you’re with me, please chip in and let’s keep going. 
The purpose of the presidency is not the glorification of the president. It is the unification of the American people.  
 Together, we can accomplish anything.  
I don’t believe in going back to “normal.” That didn’t work. That’s part of how we got here in the first place.It’s time for something new.
 It's not the polls—it's the policy. 
Imagine the sun rising on the morning after this president leaves office. We will be relieved, but we will be divided. And we will have big problems to solve. We must be ready to work together to build a brighter future. 
I don’t believe in going back to “normal.” That didn’t work. That’s part of how we got here in the first place. It’s time for something new.  
It’s time to reform and depoliticize the Supreme Court.  
My policy decisions and my appointments to the bench will reflect the fact that I trust women to make their own decisions about their health. 
We can’t wait. People are dying in the streets right now.We can’t wait to pass universal background checks.We can’t wait for red flag laws.We can’t wait for purity tests.We have to get things done.
When we abandon the international stage and think our only choices are between endless war or total isolation, the consequence is the disappearance of U.S. leadership from the world stage. That makes the entire world more dangerous.
 We cannot wait  
When I was deployed, I knew one of the things keeping me safe was the fact that the flag on my shoulder represented a country known to keep its word. Our allies knew it ; our enemies knew it. When you take that away, it makes our troops and the world a much more dangerous place.
I’m focused on building a modern economy that works for everyone. 
The slaughter going on in Syria is the consequence of American withdrawal and a betrayal by this president of American allies and American values.
If we made you proud at the debate, please chip in today and we will send you our new sticker.
We owe survivors real solutions. It is time to stop talking. It is time to act.  
The real obstacle to ending the era of mass shootings in our country isn’t on the  stage. It’s the and its enablers in Washington.  
I was in high school when Columbine happened. Years have passed, yet the only thing Washington politicians do consistently is fail to deliver. We owe it to our children to give them back their childhoods. We can’t wait. We need leaders ready to act. 
We can’t wait. People are dying in the streets right now. We can’t wait for universal background checks. We can’t wait for red flag laws. We can’t wait for purity tests. We just have to get things done.  
The world needs an American president. It does not have one right now.  
Washington politicians are measuring the wrong thing.What good is it if the Dow goes up but middle-class families can't pay their bills? As president, my focus won't just be on the growth of the the stock market. It will be on the growth of your paycheck.
As an American, I’m outraged by this commander in chief's betrayal. As a veteran, I’m deeply disturbed to hear soldiers say he has robbed them of their honor. If you take away a soldier’s honor, you might as well take away their armor. That’s what he has done.  
The slaughter going on in Syria is not the consequence of American presence, it is the consequence of American withdrawal and betrayal.  
 Are you watching in tonight’s  Comment below with a photo from your watch party for a chance…
I trust you to make the right health care decisions for yourself and your family—and I have a plan to help you pay for it.
One way or another, this presidency is going to come to an end. Picture what it will feel like. I’m running to be a president who will turn the page and unify a dangerously polarized country.
Washington politicians are measuring the wrong thing.What good is it if the Dow goes up but middle-class families can't pay their bills? As president, my focus won't just be on the growth of the the stock market. It will be on the growth of your paycheck. 
Places like Lordstown, Ohio—where auto plants have closed—are examples of the broken promises this president has made to workers. Workers deserve a president who will keep their promises and put them back to work.  
Moving forward with impeachment is not just about this president⁠—it’s about the presidency. Future generations will rightfully judge us for how we respond.
My plan, Medicare for All Who Want It, will get you covered and put you back in charge. It won’t raise your taxes or kick you off a plan you want to keep. Because I trust you to make the right health care decisions for yourself and your family.  
A gig is a job and anyone doing a job is a worker. It’s time for fair wages and   
I trust you to make the right health care decisions for yourself and your family—and I have a plan to help you pay for it.  
One way or another, this presidency is going to come to an end. Picture what it will feel like. I’m running to be a president who will turn the page and unify a dangerously polarized country.  
Moving forward with impeachment is not just about this president, it’s about the presidency. Future generations will rightfully judge us for how we respond. 
This president should be impeached. 
My team in South Bend will tweet for me while I’m on stage. Stick here for live  coverage, and follow for more  updates. We've also got plans for and Be sure to follow along and see you on the other side!
Before I take the  stage, a big thank you to our volunteers and the more than 580,000 individual donors who've powered our campaign. We’re uniting Americans to meet this moment because the stakes are too high. I hope I make you proud.
 Always proud to stand by your side, P. America is hurting, and I only hope you can do for our country what you’ve done…
 Before takes the stage, we’re premiering our Debate Pre-Show on Tune in for exclusive content…
Thank you, all. I'm proud to be your choice for president. 
 We're building a grassroots movement to meet the urgency of this moment—580,000+ acts of hope at a time.  htt…
Show us you're with us before I take the debate stage tonight––as a thank you, we'll send you our latest limited edition sticker!
Show us you're with us before I take the debate stage tonight––as a thank you, we'll send you our latest limited edition sticker!
I'm taking the stage again tonight to lay out our vision for the future of our country. If you're with us, please chip in and we'll send you our latest limited edition sticker!
I'm taking the stage again tonight to lay out our vision for the future of our country. If you're with us, please chip in and we'll send you our latest limited edition sticker!
I'm taking the stage again tonight to lay out our vision for the future of our country. If you're with us, please chip in and we'll send you our latest limited edition sticker!
 Want even more before tonight’s  Make sure you’re subscribed to his for behind-the-…
 Two lucky winners and their guests got to share a slice of joy with Follow on
You deserve the freedom to choose an affordable health care plan that works for you and your family.Medicare open enrollment is underway. Enroll or learn more: Then read about my plan to cut Rx drug costs for seniors on Medicare:  
 When you trust voters, they trust you back:  
 Need a refresher before tonight’s  Watch highlights from the previous debate—then join the…
I’ve got a health care plan to get you covered and put you back in charge. Because I trust you to make the right health care decisions for yourself and your family. Learn more:  
As an American, I’m outraged by this commander in chief's betrayal. As a veteran, I’m deeply disturbed to hear soldiers say he has robbed them of their honor. 
Show us you're with us ahead of the next debate by becoming a debate donor––as a thank you, we'll send you our latest limited edition sticker!
Show us you're with us ahead of the next debate by becoming a debate donor––as a thank you, we'll send you our latest limited edition sticker!
Become a debate donor! Chip in whatever you can right now and we'll send you our latest limited edition sticker.
Become a debate donor! Chip in whatever you can right now and we'll send you our latest limited edition sticker.
 Spread hope →  
 Our infrastructure is crumbling, and Native communities are paying the price. has a plan to ensure clean…
One week later, we see ISIS fighters escaping and Assad and Russia advancing. This president is not “ending an endless war,” he's fueling one. 
It's time to reset our relationships and interactions with Tribal Nations. Today, I’m announcing a plan to promote the rights of Tribal Nations and enhance opportunities for Native people to thrive:  
This president is systematically destroying American alliances and American values, resulting in a weaker America and a more chaotic world. 
There is no higher honor than serving our country. Happy 244th  birthday to my fellow reservists, sailors, veterans, and their families across the fleet! Thank you for your service.
America’s farmers feed the world and fuel our economy. Because of them, rural America is brimming with possibility. To our farmers, you have our thanks and support. Happy National Farmers Day!
I was 16 when I saw the news. Matthew Shepard’s murder taught me and many in this country that homophobia kills. Let us honor his life by channeling pain into purpose and striving to build a country where all belong. 
 4 days. 9 stops. A whole lot of memories! 
Glad you picked up—so many people are proud of you and we’re wishing you every success as mayor! 
Elected at 41, Prime Minister showed the world that hope can triumph over hostility by seeking lasting peace between Ethiopia and Eritrea. A new generation of global leaders is rising to advance peace and security. 
 “You are loved. There is space for you here. And we promise that no matter where you find family, you will always be ab…
Syrian Kurds put their lives on the line because they trusted America. This president broke that trust. He betrayed our allies and our values, and people will die because of it. The world deserves an American president who can be trusted.
We were warned. Now it has begun: ISIS benefits from the president’s abandonment of our allies in Syria.There will be more where this came from. 
 No coming out story is the same, but in nearly all of them is an act of hope 
50 years ago, Americans rallied around the goal of placing a man on the moon. Now, we need another innovation-driven national project to tackle the climate crisis––one that recruits all Americans around this goal, because we are always stronger when we work together.
Our world as we know it and the lives of everyday Americans are being wrecked by the consequences of climate disruption. That is what motivates me––knowing how much we have on the line.
Climate change impacts all of us, from the coasts to the heartland. Progress can only happen if every American agrees this is not about partisanship––it is about our future and our children's future.
Climate change is too important to allow it to continue to be a partisan and divisive issue. The only way we can solve this problem is if we do it together. It's about saving lives, saving communities, and saving our future.
Coming out requires finding the courage to share your truth. It requires you to stand on the hope that you will be accepted, and the faith that you can overcome rejection. If today is your day, I am proud of you. Your future is bright. You belong. Happy 
Coming out is difficult. It was for me, too. After serving overseas, I realized that every day is a gift. I did not want to live my life without knowing what it is like to be in love. Years later, I am running for president with my loving husband by my side.
They see a president banning trans service members from the military and attacking gay rights. They see queer-friendly businesses opening but can't forget Pulse. They see hate crimes rising. They see a country where they are still not fully free or safe—unsure if they belong.
Twenty years ago, an awkward teenager at St. Joe High School in South Bend, Indiana, who didn’t know a single out LGBTQ+ student, never would have imagined how far we would come as a country. But what does our country look like to a closeted teen today? What future do they see?
Our team makes me so proud every day. Thanks for speaking from the heart and for proving that everyone belongs. 
The Christian tradition that I belong to instructs me to identify with the marginalized. It tells me that the greatest thing any of us has to offer is love. Using my religion—any religion—as an excuse to harm others is an insult to faith.  
 You belong. You are loved. You are welcome here. 
My blood is not welcome in this country. That is based on prejudice, not science. And when I’m president, I will direct the FDA to revise the rules based on evidence and individual risk factors.  
The transgender military ban is an outrage. Service members who are willing to put their lives on the line for our country are having their careers threatened by a president who avoided serving when it was his turn.  
There is no right or wrong way to be a member of the LGBTQ+ community. You belong.  
 I just stepped off the + stage. If I made you proud, please chip in to support our campaign. With your help, I'll use my story, and the power of the presidency, to tear down walls and build a new era for the LGBTQ+ community. 
We cannot stand for courageous service members having their careers destroyed by a president who pretended to be disabled in order to avoid serving when it was his turn. Add your name if you agree.
This morning, I announced a bold new plan to build a new era for LGBTQ+ Americans. In a few moments, I’ll take the stage at +   Tune in and watch live here: 
 Here we go.Tune in to at 8:30ET to watch at the  ❤️ 
The attacks of this administration make it more important than ever that we break down the barriers that have excluded LGBTQ+ Americans for far too long. Add your name if you agree.
In 17 states, LGBTQ+ people can still be fired for who they are. In 18 states, they can be denied housing for who they are.We must pass the Equality Act to ensure that this discrimination no longer has a place in our country. Add your name if you agree.
We must pass the Equality Act to ensure that LGBTQ+ people can no longer be denied a job or housing based on who they are. Add your name if you agree.
After serving overseas, I realized that every day is a gift. It made no sense to remain so trapped by expectations that I might never know what it is like to be in love. So I came out. And now I’m proud to use my voice to stand for equality for all.
 “LGBTQ+ people aren’t just bystanders in American history—they are drivers of it. They have pushed our country to meet…
I will use my story, our energy, and the power of the presidency to tear down the walls that have excluded far too many LGBTQ+ people for far too long. Today, I am proud to share my plan for building a new era for LGBTQ+ Americans:  
The Day of Atonement is a reminder that we can all do our part to build a better future for our communities and for our world. I hope all those observing Yom Kippur had an easy and meaningful fast. G’mar Chatimah Tovah.
I'm thinking of Levi and today. All of us are sending our deepest condolences to their family. 
Congratulations, Mayor-elect A historic first for Montgomery, and a hopeful step forward for everyone working to further the movement that crystalized in your city nearly half a century ago. 
Thank you, Collin. We’re building a movement to meet this moment, and a future where all Americans belong. I'm proud to have you on our team. 
 Meeting the American promise means righting past wrongs:  
We don't take any money from corporate PACs, federal lobbyists, or the fossil fuel industry. This campaign is powered entirely by grassroots donors like you.Please chip in today so we can continue to build an organization that will power us to win the nomination!
We don't take any money from corporate PACs, federal lobbyists, or the fossil fuel industry. This campaign is powered entirely by grassroots donors like you.Please chip in today so we can continue to build an organization that will power us to win the nomination!
Over 580,000 people have donated to support our grassroots campaign!Please chip in today to join them.
Over 580,000 people have donated to support our grassroots campaign!Please chip in today to join them.
 The reviews are in and new prescription drug plan is the boldest and most aggressive plan to tackle ri…
Together we can light the way to a better future.
All Americans should have the freedom to live and work without discrimination. Today, the Supreme Court will hear three cases that challenge that basic right for LGBTQ+ people. We deserve a Court that sees everyone and rules in favor of equality—for our generation and the next.
 Children should be thinking about school, not how they’re going to pay for their future insulin needs. Our new prescrip…
Today marks 18 years since the U.S. invaded Afghanistan.There are now soldiers old enough to deploy who were born after September 11th. We should honor their courage and patriotism by putting an end to endless war. 
 Out-of-pocket-costs for prescription drugs in Medicare for All Who Want It plan are capped at less tha…
This president’s shameful decision on Syria is the latest example of chaos masquerading as foreign policy. It goes against all military advice. It harms our national interests, emboldens our adversaries, and it will cost lives. The world urgently needs real American leadership.
 Pete’s plan invests in American drug manufacturing, fixing this security threat: 
 Like too many Americans, Sarah’s daily medication costs more than food or gas. That’s not right. has a p…
 Our new prescription drug plan ensures that quality, affordable medicine is within reach of every American—regardless o…
 Rob spends his days helping patients think about drug pricing and affordability. plan makes co-payment…
We've reached a breaking point: Medications in the U.S. are more expensive than anywhere else in the world. That's why today I’m announcing Affordable Medicine for All, a plan to reduce Rx drug costs, take on drug companies, and encourage innovation:  
Joshua Brown showed us what real courage looks like. Now we must show him and his family what real justice looks like. His murder must be investigated. We deserve answers.
Today would have been Fannie Lou Hamer's 102nd birthday. We must honor her legacy by fighting to end suppression—by breaking down the barriers that make it harder for Black Americans to vote. As president, I will do everything in my power to protect that fundamental right.
 ICYMI: This week met thousands in Sacramento, talked with and students from
We need a president who will never again allow the marginalized to be pitted against each other—a president who will stand on the rubble of what's been done to our most cherished norms and institutions and lead us into a better era where everyone's empowered and everyone belongs. 
 Immigrants aren’t the problem—they’re part of the solution. 
I want it said of my candidacy and of my presidency, not only that we strengthened Black America, but that we helped all of America understand that this nation is not what we think it is until equality is real. 
This case threatens Roe v. Wade and it threatens women's ability to make their own decisions about their health.And it shows exactly what's at stake in this election. We need a president who sees reproductive health as a national right, and is ready to protect that freedom. 
Tax breaks for large corporations are depriving our schools and health clinics of $11 billion a year. We can't afford to keep funding corporations at the expense of our communities. I stand with + in support of the  Initiative. 
Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered to win a trip to Ohio to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel for you (and a guest) are on us!
Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered to win a trip to Ohio to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel for you (and a guest) are on us!
Once again, this president is attempting to fix a mess created by his own reckless policies. And once again, it’s too little too late for the Iowans who've already lost their jobs. We deserve better. 
Promising China our silence on human rights abuses is a betrayal of our values. Asking China to undermine our election is a betrayal of the republic for which we stand. Nothing would be better for China, or more destructive to our democracy, than four more years of this.
 Congratulations to the workers of Rockingham County Rehabilitation and Nursing Center for voting to unionize and join This is an important step in building a fairer economy, ensuring your voices are heard, and recognizing your care for others.
 Happy anniversary! Any advice?
This president sounds more like a tinpot dictator than the leader of the free world. 
 We need judges that respect a woman’s right to make her own health decisions: 
I was part of the first generation that saw routine school shootings. We have now produced the second school shooting generation in this country. Shame on us if we allow there to be a third.
It can not be forgotten—people with mental health challenges are more likely to be a victim than a perpetrator of violent crime or gun violence.
Washington's failure to enact common sense gun legislation affects every level our government. We need to start putting our safety first.
Our fight for an open Internet is just beginning. As president, I will make net neutrality the law of the land, expand Internet access and opportunity, and protect the free flow of ideas for future generations. 
 
Calling this president’s behavior childlike is an insult to children. 
 Mayor will tell you that news of a shooting is one of the worst phone calls a mayor can ever get. Thank y…
I am proud to stand with the workers of Rockingham County Rehabilitation and Nursing Center and To build a fair and prosperous future for all, every worker deserves a union to fight for fair wages, labor protections, and benefits.
America’s mayors are actively working to keep our communities safe from gun violence. But we’re working with our hands tied behind our backs because our leaders in Washington have failed to help.  
The is not speaking for gun owners. They’re speaking for gun company executives.  
No child in America should be compelled to write a will because our leaders have failed to protect them from gun violence.  
The boldness required to meet this moment doesn't have to be 'my way or the highway.'We can do it in a way that brings people together.
We have an opportunity for a generational alliance⁠—one where we can march side-by-side into a new era for this country.
  is right — dangerous people shouldn’t be armed.   
Stopping gun violence takes courage. I’m about to step on stage at the  Forum to talk about how we can end the tragic cycle of gun violence in our country. Tune in. 
Today we mark a year of missed opportunities to live our values, hold dictators accountable, and act with principle in the Middle East. Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi loved his country, and died for it. 
All of us here at are sending our best wishes for a speedy recovery to Senator We're thinking of him and his family today, and I look forward to seeing him back on the campaign trail very soon.
Last week, Houston lost one of its finest. My deepest sympathies are with Deputy Sandeep Dhaliwal's family, his community, and his fellow officers. His life set an example of inclusion and joy that all public servants should aspire to meet. 
 HBCUs are responsible for 80% of Black judges and 25% of STEM degrees—it’s time we gave them the funding that they dese…
Proud to see fellow veteran enter the race for Minnesota’s 1st congressional district. Best of luck, Dan! 
“We must adjust to changing times and still hold to unchanging principles." —Jimmy CarterNow more than ever, we need leaders morally prepared for the future. Jimmy Carter has shown that strength through a lifetime of public service. Happy 95th birthday, Mr. President. 
It’s been two years since 58 lives were taken and more than 700 people were injured at a concert in Las Vegas. Two years and not one federal law to save more lives. Enough. On  let us honor the victims by summoning the courage to act. 
Protesters in Hong Kong are risking their lives to defend democracy and demand freedom. Meanwhile, here at home, this president’s party is destroying the democratic norms that made America a beacon of freedom for the world. 
 This is your campaign. Together, we will win. 
I am profoundly grateful to every single person who has pitched in to power our campaign. Together, we’re building a movement that’s big enough, and hopeful enough, to do things differently and win. Thank you. 
I believe America deserves our optimism, our courage, and our hope. If you’re with me, please chip in before midnight:  
Channing’s death is a tragedy, and we must work to build a future deserving of his memory. My deepest condolences are with his family and friends. If you're struggling with belonging or considering harming yourself or others, please contact the at 866-488-7386. 
Every woman should be able to make decisions about their own health regardless of their income. The urgency of this moment demands we act to end Hyde, and it calls on us to deliver reproductive justice for all women. 
If you agree:  
We decided early on you wouldn’t hear too much from me about our fundraising—only when it matters. It matters right now. How much we raise before tonight's deadline will determine where we go and what we do in the coming months. If you can, please chip in:  
I believe we can change the trajectory of our country and be proud of how we did it. If you’re with me, please chip in before tonight’s Q3 fundraising deadline.  
Moving forward with impeachment isn’t just about holding this president accountable. It’s about holding ourselves accountable to preserve the integrity of our constitutional system. 
 We’re in it to win it.
 organizers inspire me every day. We’re building a movement to meet the urgency of this moment, and the hope and joy they bring to what we do is a big reason why we’ll win. Please chip in before midnight tonight to support their hard work:  
Thanks, Mom! 
 ICYMI: This past week, kicked off the  met a BEEliever in Elkader, got caught in the W…
This evening, as Jews in America and around the world come together to celebrate Rosh Hashanah, let us reflect on the past year and offer hope for a brighter and more caring future. From me and warmest wishes for a happy and sweet new year.  
Fueled by a blend of bold ideas. 
  isn’t just building strength—it’s building family:  
There is an American majority that supports a progressive agenda on issues like health care. And the way to make that agenda a reality is not with “my way or the highway” politics but by galvanizing those Americans around Medicare for All Who Want It. 
The answer is clear. 
Yes. 
I'm proud to be the son of Anne Montgomery.
I’m profoundly grateful to those who’ve invested in our vision for change. It’s your support that makes everything we do in this campaign possible. If you're with me, please consider chipping in before Monday's end-of-quarter fundraising deadline.
 . just wrapped up a great discussion with  at  you like what you heard, chip i…
Dr. Christine Blasey Ford is a profile in courage. One year later, I still believe her. 
 Thank you for sharing your story, Bridgette, and inspiring the culture of belonging our country desperately needs. 
 We need reform first before we can tackle all the big issues facing our country. Watch what tells ECU's Pr…
Gun violence is an American problem that hurts some Americans even more than the rest. Today's hearing on gun violence in communities of color was a historic step in addressing disparities. 
Since its founding 50 years ago today, has been on the front lines of the fight for reproductive freedom and justice. The urgency of this moment calls on each of us to support their patriotic work, and I am proud to fight alongside them. 
 Republicans have a choice to make—this president or our country. 
Supporting a presidential campaign is an act of hope. We’re building this campaign one dollar—one act of hope—at a time. If you can, please chip in before Monday's end-of-quarter deadline. 
 “This isn’t just about this president. This is about the American presidency.”  
 “This is a moment of truth for our country.”  
 "He’s trustworthy. I believe it. He really does have Midwest values," said one Boone resident at recen…
The memo confirms what the president has already confessed. The facts aren’t in doubt, but the future of our democracy is. It is time for Republicans to do the right thing.
Our recent bus tour across Iowa allowed us to connect with voters in a whole new way––and it was made possible by our grassroots supporters. I'm hoping you'll continue to fuel our campaign by chipping in before the end-of-quarter deadline in just a few days.
Our recent bus tour across Iowa allowed us to connect with voters in a whole new way––and it was made possible by our grassroots supporters. I'm hoping you'll continue to fuel our campaign by chipping in before the end-of-quarter deadline in just a few days.
Our recent bus tour across Iowa allowed us to connect with voters in a whole new way––and it was made possible by our grassroots supporters. I'm hoping you'll continue to fuel our campaign by chipping in before the end-of-quarter deadline in just a few days.
Our recent bus tour across Iowa allowed us to connect with voters in a whole new way––and it was made possible by our grassroots supporters. I'm hoping you'll continue to fuel our campaign by chipping in before the end-of-quarter deadline in just a few days.
Before the end of the quarter, we’ve set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million. This will help show the strength of our campaign and go a long way in funding our organizing to win in early-voting states. Can you chip in to make it happen?
Before the end of the quarter, we’ve set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million. This will help show the strength of our campaign and go a long way in funding our organizing to win in early-voting states. Can you chip in to make it happen?
Before the end of the quarter, we’ve set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million. This will help show the strength of our campaign and go a long way in funding our organizing to win in early-voting states. Can you chip in to make it happen?
Before the end of the quarter, we’ve set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million. This will help show the strength of our campaign and go a long way in funding our organizing to win in early-voting states. Can you chip in to make it happen?
Before the end of the quarter, we’ve set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million. This will help show the strength of our campaign and go a long way in funding our organizing to win in early-voting states. Can you chip in to make it happen?
Before the end of the quarter, we’ve set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million. This will help show the strength of our campaign and go a long way in funding our organizing to win in early-voting states. Can you chip in to make it happen?
Before the end of the quarter, we’ve set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million. This will help show the strength of our campaign and go a long way in funding our organizing to win in early-voting states. Can you chip in to make it happen?
Before the end of the quarter, we’ve set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million. This will help show the strength of our campaign and go a long way in funding our organizing to win in early-voting states. Can you chip in to make it happen?
We've set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million before the big end-of-quarter deadline on September 30th. We know we can do it with your help––can you please chip in to help us start the next quarter strong?
We've set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million before the big end-of-quarter deadline on September 30th. We know we can do it with your help––can you please chip in to help us start the next quarter strong?
We've set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million before the big end-of-quarter deadline on September 30th. We know we can do it with your help––can you please chip in to help us start the next quarter strong?
We've set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million before the big end-of-quarter deadline on September 30th. We know we can do it with your help––can you please chip in to help us start the next quarter strong?
We've set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million before the big end of quarter deadline on September 30th. We know we can do it with your help––can you please chip in to help us start the next quarter strong?
We've set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million before the big end of quarter deadline on September 30th. We know we can do it with your help––can you please chip in to help us start the next quarter strong?
We've set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million before the big end of quarter deadline on September 30th. We know we can do it with your help––can you please chip in to help us start the next quarter strong?
We've set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million before the big end of quarter deadline on September 30th. We know we can do it with your help––can you please chip in to help us start the next quarter strong?
We've set an ambitious goal to raise an additional $1.5 million before the big end-of-quarter deadline on September 30th. We know we can do it with your help––can you please chip in to help us start the next quarter strong?
This is a moment of truth. It’s a moment of truth for all Americans. And members of the Republican Party must now decide if they will defend our country or this president. 
Providing every single American with quality health insurance isn’t just my plan––it’s our cause. But while others say it’s Medicare for All or nothing, I say it's Medicare for All Who Want It. The choice should be yours. That's the difference.
Providing every single American with quality health insurance isn’t just my plan, it’s our cause. But while others say it’s Medicare for All or nothing, I say it's Medicare for All Who Want It. The choice should be yours. That's the difference. 
This is a moment of truth. This isn’t just about this president. This is about the American presidency—and we need to draw the line. 
Los Estados Unidos merece algo mejor que esto. Tenemos que asegurar de que cada votante elegible esté registrado para votar. En este  asegúrate de que tu familia, tus amigos y tú estén listos para votar ahora y en el 2020. 
America deserves better than this. That means making sure every eligible voter is registered to vote. On this  make sure you, your friends, and your family are ready to vote now and in 2020. 
 “Picture a presidency where when you turn on the news and you see the White House, your blood pressure goes down a litt…
 “The best hope we have for dealing with climate and a whole lot of other issues is the moral urgency of young people.”…
It takes courage to be visible, especially as our country grapples with a crisis of belonging that disproportionately affects the LGBTQ+ community. I want everyone celebrating  to know that we see you, we are with you, and you belong.
 When the stakes are this high, there is no plan bee. 
Thanks for your questions, everyone! That was fun—let’s do it again soon. In the meantime, check out our site to find out where I stand on the issues that matter most to you. 
 Sign up and get to know our wonderful organizers!
 I’d say neoliberalism is the political-economic consensus that has governed the last forty years of policy in the US and UK. Its failure helped to produce the Trump moment. Now we have to replace it with something better.
 It’s useful, time-honored, and dignified.
 Negativity is part of politics, but we also have a chance to make sure people hear our true stories. Voices from SB are especially important since outside media don’t always know the context, so please keep it up!
 I don’t know... you tell me, Max
 I wouldn’t be running if I didn’t believe we can turn things around. That’s what I mean when I say running for office is an act of hope!
 No it’s large
 Not as much as I’d like! Finished a moving novel called Godric by Fred Beuchner. Now reading Giovanni’s Room by Baldwin and also immersed in Sidney Blumenthal’s forthcoming Lincoln volume
 NY Strip
 Kid A
 I’m so sorry to hear this. It’s unacceptable, and this is why we need better coverage (I.e. Medicare for All Who Want It) and action to reduce prescription costs through negotiation and regulation.
 Major reform needed to reduce mass incarceration and deliver a more just system. Learn more about the CJR component of our Douglass Plan at 
 Lead on climate.Support democracy.Keep our promises.
 Nice!
 Agreed! As a candidate from the middle America I believe I can provide the coattails needed to support good Democratic House and Senate candidates to be partners in governing
 We certainly need reform on all of the above. I also believe a national popular vote will help people know their vote matters in presidential elections regardless of where they live.
 All appealing but for bus purposes, definitely jerky
 All I can say is when you go to “just see” a dog, you might as well have adopted already. Cc
 I think it helps to appeal to someone’s sense of compassion. Let friends and family know how this administration has negatively impacted you personally and why our lives would be better with better leadership in the WH
 I’ve gotten to know several great mayors from Canada and believe we can strengthen the relationship to make good things happen on both sides of the border. Needless to say I don’t consider Canada a national security threat!
 Stay tuned
 You don’t have to be old enough to vote to make a difference. We need volunteers of all ages for help both in person and organizing people you know to get involved and persuade voters. Thanks for your support!
 One thing I heard is “how much longer are we supposed to take one for the team?” Farmers are clearly being hurt by the tariffs—one today told me he’s still storing last year’s beans and is not happy with this president.
 I’d say Stanford but apparently Cardinal in this context is an adjective and not a bird. Maybe can explain
 I’d say Creedence Clearwater Revival. In related news, also learning has some interesting and controversial views on Led Zeppelin.
 Great point—and based on the GOP’s behavior, if Democrats don’t do something on deficits then no one will! Limited deficit spending can play a constructive role at times, but we need much more fiscal responsibility in government.
 Thanks! I bet someone is already on it. (Though on closer inspection I think it was a yellowjacket.)
 I would encourage her to look at our bold plan to ensure America becomes a net-zero emissions economy by 2050, and let her know that in that year I look forward to celebrating with her what we have achieved in the US and globally, thanks in no small part to her moral leadership!
Hey, everybody—I’m here on the bus with my team and the press, and for the next 15 minutes, I’m taking your questions. Ask me anything by replying to this thread and using the  hashtag. Let’s get started!
We’re about 30 minutes away from me taking your questions live. Look forward to hearing what’s on your mind. Talk soon!
Climate catastrophe is on the horizon because our leaders have spent more than 30 years repeating the same debate rather than fighting our common challenge. They have failed us and we can't wait any longer. It's time to act. 
Hello from day two of the  traversing the state with the press on board. It’s all access. No questions off the table. Everything on the record. And today I’m inviting you to join us. Come back around 5:30 pm ET for a live Twitter Q;A. Looking forward to it! 
We've got a crisis of belonging in this country.Answering this crisis means making sure that everybody knows where they fit in America's future. That's what the presidency can do––if it is in the right hands.
One of the best moments of this campaign happened in Muscatine, Iowa.
When I’m your nominee, this president will have to compete with an American war veteran on the subject of who would make a better Commander in Chief.
Whether it was overseas in Afghanistan or at home in the Rust Belt, we had to tackle our challenges together in order to find a way forward.I'm insisting we do the same as a country, because we have to.
We keep sending politicians to Washington to fight for us, but when they get there, they seem more interested in the part about fighting than the part about us. We have to tackle our challenges together.
This is what the end of American global leadership looks like. 
Climate change—the global security challenge of our era—demands more than 15 minutes of a president's time. History will remember this president for his failure to lead, and it will remember us for what we do next.
We keep sending politicians to Washington to fight for us. But when they get there, they seem more interested in the part about fighting than the part about us. It's time we tackle our challenges together—because we have to. 
 ICYMI: This past week, shared a new approach for disaster preparedness, met with voters in South Carolin…
 We’ve got hope in our hearts and fire in our (very full) bellies after yesterday’s Iowa  What a blast! 
This president’s actions are a betrayal of American democracy. We deserve better.
 High hopes and high ceilings required. 
 And here’s the bus pulling into the Boone County event. Buttigieg is doing an on-the-record bus trip wit…
 THREAD: Watch full speech from today’s Iowa  👇 
Picture it. 
 DES MOINES — Big day at the Polk County Democrats Steak Fry — lots of photo and video and hot takes elsewhere. But undeniably…
I believe we can change the trajectory of our country and be proud of how we did it. I believe we will, and we’ll say it all started in Iowa. Thank you to all who turned out for the Iowa  



We win when we offer leadership from a new generation—with new ideas that meet the moment, bring us together, and call on our country to be better than it’s been. 
 “I’m proud of you.”  to supporters at the Iowa  
We're building a path to victory through the early states and want the people powering our campaign to be right there with us––so we're building Grassroots Supporter Walls in our field offices around the country!Chip in today to make sure your name is there.
We're building a path to victory through the early states and want the people powering our campaign to be right there with us––so we're building Grassroots Supporter Walls in our field offices around the country!Chip in today to make sure your name is there.
We're building a path to victory through the early states and want the people powering our campaign to be right there with us––so we're building Grassroots Supporter Walls in our field offices around the country!Chip in today to make sure your name is there.
We're building a path to victory through the early states and want the people powering our campaign to be right there with us––so we're building Grassroots Supporter Walls in our field offices around the country!Chip in today to make sure your name is there.
  is getting ready to take the stage at the Iowa  Watch live: 
 What's on tap? A new era. 
 The steaks are high and is serving up new ideas. 
 Update: No slides at the Iowa  but plenty of food! 
 Something special is happening. 
 Here’s  on stage at the  Follow him on  right now to be the first to join him from…
 . takes the stage at the  blue wave is coming next November, and it begins with a sea of y…
My plan, Medicare for All Who Want It, puts you—not an insurance company or Washington—back in charge of your health care, at a more affordable price.
Medicare for All Who Want It will put Americans back in charge of their own health and cover everyone––all without raising taxes on the middle class.
Medicare for All Who Want It would lower costs, create real choices, and cover everyone.
  is ready for the   users saw this first. Follow the mayor on Snap now, and stick…
Just stepped off the stage. Thank you and for the honor of speaking at this historic event.
At a moment when LGBTQ rights are under assault, it's never been more important to speak up. I'm about to take the stage at the  Watch live at 8:10 pm CT: 
 Don’t miss at the LGBTQ Presidential Forum tonight at 8:10PM CT! 
Medicare for All Who Want It would lower costs, create real choices, and cover everyone.
My plan, Medicare for All Who Want It, puts you—not an insurance company or Washington—back in charge of your health care, at a more affordable price.
Two years after Hurricane Maria, too many Puerto Ricans are still waiting for help. We failed our fellow citizens. As president, I will work to ensure our government is there for all Americans. And when storms return, Puerto Ricans will be ready, because they won’t be alone. 
Today marks the eighth anniversary of the repeal of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell. As president, I will fight to ensure those in uniform are never denied equal treatment because of who they are or whom they love.
This is too big and too urgent. The climate czar has to be the President of the United States.  
Students around the world are coming together to raise the alarm bells of climate change. Now we need to elect leaders courageous enough to bring us together to fight it. I support the 
Sounds like they‘re afraid of you having a choice, which is just more evidence that we need a public alternative to the corporate plans: Medicare for All Who Want It. 
Sometimes politics is simple. Either you believe in democratic representation for all citizens or you don’t. If you do, D.C. should be a state. 
 Nobody, especially our rural seniors, should pay $42,000 a year for coverage. Medicare for All Who Want It can out-comp…
 Under new Medicare for All Who Want It plan, families will receive better coverage at lower––or even f…
Anyone who lets the words “Medicare for All” escape their lips should be honest and straightforward about the details. My plan costs $1.5 trillion. And we'll pay for it by rolling back corporate tax breaks—not by raising taxes on the middle class.  
 A plan for our future:  
 It’s about trusting Americans to make their own decisions:  
Medicare for All Who Want It is a bold new approach to meet our nation’s urgent health care challenges. It brings down costs, guarantees coverage for everyone, puts power into the hands of each American, and creates a healthier future for us all. 
 This is a really important health care plan that addresses the main concerns people have- coverage and costs. It also show…
 12 year olds shouldn't worry about what would happen to them if their parents lost coverage. plan will…
My deepest condolences are with the Clyburn family. Future generations will benefit from Emily's fierce commitment to public education, her love for South Carolina, and a lifetime of activism that began alongside her husband Jim in an Orangeburg courthouse in 1960. 
 We pay $5,000 more for health care per person than other developed countries. And yet, we’re less healthy. We need a ne…
My plan, Medicare for All Who Want It, puts you—not an insurance company or Washington—back in charge of your health care, at a more affordable price.
My plan, Medicare for All Who Want It, puts you—not an insurance company or Washington—back in charge of your health care, at a more affordable price.
My plan, Medicare for All Who Want It, puts you—not an insurance company or Washington—back in charge of your health care, at a more affordable price.
My plan, Medicare for All Who Want It, puts you—not an insurance company or Washington—back in charge of your health care, at a more affordable price.
My plan, Medicare For All Who Want It, puts you—not an insurance company or Washington—back in charge of your health care, at a more affordable price.
My plan, Medicare For All Who Want It, puts you—not an insurance company or Washington—back in charge of your health care, at a more affordable price.
My plan, Medicare For All Who Want It, puts you—not an insurance company or Washington—back in charge of your health care, at a more affordable price.
My plan, Medicare For All Who Want It, puts you—not an insurance company or Washington—back in charge of your health care, at a more affordable price.
My plan, Medicare For All Who Want It, puts you—not an insurance company or Washington—back in charge of your health care, at a more affordable price.
 Medicare for All Who Want It will put affordable, quality insurance within reach of all Americans without forcing peopl…
Health care is a human right. But in America, it's too expensive, too complicated, and too frustrating. I’m proposing a bold new approach—Medicare for All Who Want It—that lowers costs, creates real choices, and covers everyone:  
The authorization to use military force in Afghanistan is 18 years old today, as old as some of the soldiers we now send to do battle there. We owe it to them to put an end to endless war, and as commander in chief, I will.
I was in high school when Columbine happened. Years have passed, yet the only thing Washington politicians do consistently is fail to deliver. We owe it to our children to give them back their childhoods. We need leaders ready to deliver that change now. 
Rather than playing hardball with people’s lives, GM needs to recognize its responsibilities to its workers, pay them fairly, and stop misusing its temporary workers. 
Mayors know better than anyone why we need a new approach to politics—one that focuses on the everyday and puts community over partisan ideology. Proud to have the support of my fellow local leaders. 
My policy decisions and my appointments to the bench will reflect the fact that I trust women to make their own decisions about their health. Thank you and for leading the way to empower women in America. 
Please chip in any amount⁠—even $1⁠—to be automatically entered to win a trip to my hometown to talk politics over a pizza dinner with me!
Please chip in any amount⁠—even $1⁠—to be automatically entered to win a trip to my hometown to talk politics over a pizza dinner with me!
Please chip in any amount⁠—even $1⁠—to be automatically entered to win a trip to my hometown to talk politics over a pizza dinner with me!
Please chip in any amount⁠—even $1⁠—to be automatically entered to win a trip to my hometown to talk politics over a pizza dinner with me!
Please chip in any amount⁠—even $1⁠—to be automatically entered to win a trip to my hometown to talk politics over a pizza dinner with me!
Please chip in any amount⁠—even $1⁠—to be automatically entered to win a trip to my hometown to talk politics over a pizza dinner with me!
Please chip in any amount⁠—even $1⁠—to be automatically entered to win a trip to my hometown to talk politics over a pizza dinner with me!
Please chip in any amount⁠—even $1⁠—to be automatically entered to win a trip to my hometown to talk politics over a pizza dinner with me!
Please chip in any amount⁠—even $1⁠—to be automatically entered to win a trip to my hometown to talk politics over a pizza dinner with me!
Please chip in any amount⁠—even $1⁠—to be automatically entered to win a trip to my hometown to talk politics over a pizza dinner with me!
Please chip in any amount⁠—even $1⁠—to be automatically entered to win a trip to my hometown to talk politics over a pizza dinner with me!
Please chip in any amount⁠—even $1⁠—to be automatically entered to win a trip to my hometown to talk politics over a pizza dinner with me!
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me!Please chip in whatever you can—even one dollar—to be automatically entered to win.
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me!Please chip in whatever you can—even one dollar—to be automatically entered to win.
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me!Please chip in whatever you can—even one dollar—to be automatically entered to win.
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me!Please chip in whatever you can—even one dollar—to be automatically entered to win.
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me!Please chip in whatever you can—even one dollar—to be automatically entered to win.
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me!Please chip in whatever you can—even one dollar—to be automatically entered to win.
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me!Please chip in whatever you can—even one dollar—to be automatically entered to win.
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me!Please chip in whatever you can—even one dollar—to be automatically entered to win.
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me!Please chip in whatever you can—even one dollar—to be automatically entered to win.
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me!Please chip in whatever you can—even one dollar—to be automatically entered to win.
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me!Please chip in whatever you can—even one dollar—to be automatically entered to win.
We're flying a supporter (and their guest) to South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me!Please chip in whatever you can—even one dollar—to be automatically entered to win.
Selena is as American as anybody in this country. She and other DREAMers are an essential part of our nation's story, and we need common sense immigration reform that gives them a real pathway to citizenship. 
Risk in the region has increased in no small part due to the Administration's erratic, go-it-alone approach to Iran and failure to use U.S. leverage to resolve the war in Yemen. We must focus on a diplomatic strategy to resolve the war and reduce risk of miscalculation with Iran. 
We can’t stop natural disasters from striking, especially as we face the growing threat of climate catastrophe. But we can control how we prepare for and recover from them. Today, I'm proud to announce my plan for a new approach to disaster preparedness. 
Congratulations to Fiesta Henderson Casino workers for voting to unionize and be represented by and Bartenders Union Local 165. Time for to join them at the table and deliver on fair wages, good health care, and job security. 
 “I believe a lot of people voted for this president not because they think he's a good person but because he was promis…
I'm proud to stand with the hardworking members of in their fight for fair wages, health care, and job security. should do right by the workers who fuel its profits. 
Medicare for All Who Want It will create a public alternative, but unlike the Sanders-Warren vision it doesn’t dictate it to the American people and risk further polarizing them.
I trust the American people to make their health care decisions for themselves.
Great to help kickoff canvassing today, just weeks before VA elections. The presidency isn't the only office that matters, we need to elect Dems at all levels. We're just 4 seats away from flipping the VA legislature—let's help them do it:  
Four Black girls lost their lives fifty-six years ago in Birmingham at the hands of white supremacist terrorism. Now, racist terrorist attacks are claiming lives in El Paso, Charleston, and Charlottesville. We cannot morally afford to repeat the past. We must act.
There is an American majority that agrees we need universal health care, gun safety, immigration reform—pretty much everything our party is advancing. We have to gather that majority to win this election and unify our country. 
Medicare for All Who Want It will create a public alternative, but unlike the Sanders-Warren vision it doesn’t dictate it to the American people and risk further polarizing them. 
I trust the American people to make their health care decisions for themselves. 
I left Afghanistan five years ago today, and I thought I was one of the very last troops there. We are still there and we are still debating how to get out—it's time to end endless wars. 
The American people are divided at the very moment we need to come together. But with ideas bold enough to meet our greatest problems and big enough to unify the American people, we can meet the challenges of our time. 
So glad for the chance to spend time with friends who have changed what was possible in politics, faith, and business, and to gain wisdom from their stories. 
At a crossroads in my life, I trusted the people of South Bend, and they trusted me back.At this crossroads in American history, let’s trust the American people by speaking to our common aspirations instead of our divides. 
From health care, to gun violence, to the climate crisis—we can solve our greatest problems with new ideas bold enough to meet our challenges and big enough to bring people together to get them done. 
I trust YOU to make the right health care choice for yourselves and your family. 
Since it didn’t come up in tonight’s  at this moment when women’s reproductive freedom is under attack, I wanted to say I trust women to make their own decisions about their health. It’s important we all keep taking about it.
I just got off the debate stage in Houston. This is a crucial moment for our campaign as we’re ramping up our organizing across the country and building a movement that will power us to win.Can you chip in now to help power us through this next phase?
I just got off the debate stage in Houston. This is a crucial moment for our campaign as we’re ramping up our organizing across the country and building a movement that will power us to win.Can you chip in now to help power us through this next phase?
I just got off the debate stage in Houston. This is a crucial moment for our campaign as we’re ramping up our organizing across the country and building a movement that will power us to win.Can you chip in now to help power us through this next phase?
I just got off the debate stage in Houston. This is a crucial moment for our campaign as we’re ramping up our organizing across the country and building a movement that will power us to win.Can you chip in now to help power us through this next phase?
Just stepped off the  stage. I made the case for why it’s time to break with the past and push forward new ideas—bold enough to meet our challenges and big enough to bring people together to get things done. If I made you proud, chip in now:  
Trust can be reciprocated. Part of winning is knowing what’s worth more to you than winning—and that’s what we need in the presidency right now.  
To bring about a better future, we have to know what we’re about. This election is not about anyone running for office, it’s about making things better for the people who trust us with their lives. Together, we will win a better era for our country.  
 “I wasn’t interested in not knowing what it was like to be in love any longer.” —  
  "If we want to get the results that we expect for our children, we have to support and compensate the teaching pr…
 
We've got to respect teachers the way we do soldiers and pay them like we do doctors.  
We need a Secretary of Education who believes in public education.  
 It’s that simple.  
 
 How to avoid endless war? Let’s not start them.  
We have a president who seems to treat troops as props. As a military officer the first thing that goes through your mind, the first time you make eye contact with somebody you’re responsible for in uniform is do not let them down. This president does that, I will not.  
We can tackle the crisis of climate change while empowering rural Americans.  
President Trump said he'd like to see me make a deal with Xi Jinping. I'd like to see him make a deal with Xi Jinping. We need an actual strategy and real leadership. 
When I left Afghanistan in 2014, I thought I’d be one of the last people turning out the lights. But we’re still there––and we’re now risking casualties of those who weren’t even born when 9/11 happened.  
President Trump said he'd like to see me make a deal with Xi Jinping. I'd like to see him make a deal with Xi Jinping. We need an actual strategy and real leadership. 
We have an opportunity to build an American majority around immigration reform, but we can’t allow this to continue to be the same debate with the same arguments and the same clever lines, often amongst the same people. The stakes are too high. 
Bumping this. 
We keep sending politicians to Washington hoping they’ll fight for us, but when they get there, they seem more interested in the fighting part than the us part. We urgently need a new approach.  
We need a new approach to health care—that's why I'm proposing Medicare For All Who Want It. I trust the American people to make the right choice for themselves. 
We have to act urgently to reverse the damage done by systemic racism. Read my plan:   
Inaction on gun violence traumatized an entire generation and threatens to traumatize another, yet Washington fails to act. Lives depend on us standing up to the NRA and white nationalist domestic terrorism. Read my plan to defeat this epidemic:  
Systemic racism preceded this president and even when we defeat him it will be with us—that's why we need a systemic approach. 
 Replacing decades-old racist policies with neutral ones isn’t enough to deliver equality. We can do better -- and we ca…
We need a new approach to health care—that's why I'm proposing Medicare For All Who Want it. I trust the American people to make the right choice for themselves.  
Good politics is not supposed to be about the day-to-day fights of politicians—it's about the day-to-day life of Americans. 
 Quotes from the  ; this one from 
 Isn’t it time we elected a politician that cares about all of us?  
Imagine what we could achieve today with ideas that are bold enough to solve the problems of our time and big enough to unify the American people.  
 Here we go,  A few ways you can help tonight: 1. Follow for updates from the team and  to…
I’m signing off and handing the keys over to my team in South Bend. They'll be tweeting  coverage from this account throughout the night, and over on where we’ll share  watch party tweets from across the country. See you on the other side!
Before I take the debate stage, a big thank you to everyone who's gotten us here. Supporting a presidential campaign is an act of hope for a better future, and you’ve placed yours in one that’s entirely different. I am profoundly grateful, and I’ll do my best to make you proud.
 We’re in corner because America is running out of time!  
 Phase Three. Three.Are you in? →  
We cannot keep doing the same things over and over and expect it to get better. We've got to build a future that's better than the past. The best way to do that is to begin with leadership that is the opposite of what we've got right now. And that's where I come in.
We cannot keep doing the same things over and over and expect it to get better. We've got to build a future that's better than the past. The best way to do that is to begin with leadership that is the opposite of what we've got right now. And that's where I come in.
We cannot keep doing the same things over and over again and expect it to get better. We've got to build a future that's better than the past. The best way to do that is to begin with leadership that is the opposite of what we've got right now. And that's where I come in.
We cannot keep doing the same things over and over and expect it to get better. We've got to build a future that's better than the past. The best way to do that is to begin with leadership that is the opposite of what we've got right now. And that's where I come in.
 We've flipped the switch. It’s time for  

Over the past few weeks we've been opening new field offices and hiring nearly 200 organizers. Now Phase Three of our campaign begins––chip in $3 to get your sticker and say you're on Team Pete.
Over the past few weeks we've been opening new field offices and hiring nearly 200 organizers. Now Phase Three of our campaign begins––chip in $3 to get your sticker and say you're on Team Pete.
Over the past few weeks we've been opening new field offices and hiring nearly 200 organizers. Now Phase Three of our campaign begins––chip in $3 to get your sticker and say you're on Team Pete.
Over the past few weeks we've been opening new field offices and hiring nearly 200 organizers. Now Phase Three of our campaign begins––chip in $3 to get your sticker and say you're on Team Pete.
Over the past few weeks we've been opening new field offices and hiring nearly 200 organizers. Now Phase Three of our campaign begins––chip in $3 to get your sticker and say you're on Team Pete.
Over the past few weeks we've been opening new field offices and hiring nearly 200 organizers. Now Phase Three of our campaign begins––chip in $3 to get your sticker and say you're on Team Pete.
Over the past few weeks we've been opening new field offices and hiring nearly 200 organizers. Now Phase Three of our campaign begins––chip in $3 to get your sticker and say you're on Team Pete.
Over the past few weeks we've been opening new field offices and hiring nearly 200 organizers. Now Phase Three of our campaign begins––chip in $3 to get your sticker and say you're on Team Pete.
Help us reach our goal of 5,000 new donors before the debate!Please chip in anything you can and we'll send you our limited edition sticker.
Help us reach our goal of 5,000 new donors before the debate!Please chip in anything you can and we'll send you our limited edition sticker.
Help us reach our goal of 5,000 new donors before the debate!Please chip in anything you can and we'll send you our limited edition sticker.
Help us reach our goal of 5,000 new donors before the debate!Please chip in anything you can and we'll send you our limited edition sticker.
Help us reach our goal of 5,000 new donors before the debate!Please chip in anything you can and we'll send you our limited edition sticker.
Help us reach our goal of 5,000 new donors before the debate!Please chip in anything you can and we'll send you our limited edition sticker.
Help us reach our goal of 5,000 new donors before the debate!Please chip in anything you can and we'll send you our limited edition sticker.
Help us reach our goal of 5,000 new donors before the debate!Please chip in anything you can and we'll send you our limited edition sticker.
I'm excited to take the debate stage in Houston and share our vision for the future––can you please chip in to say you're with us? As a thank you, we will send you our newest limited edition sticker.
I'm excited to take the debate stage in Houston and share our vision for the future––can you please chip in to say you're with us? As a thank you, we will send you our newest limited edition sticker.
I'm excited to take the debate stage in Houston and share our vision for the future––can you please chip in to say you're with us? As a thank you, we will send you our newest limited edition sticker.
I'm excited to take the debate stage in Houston and share our vision for the future––can you please chip in to say you're with us? As a thank you, we will send you our newest limited edition sticker.
I'm excited to take the debate stage in Houston and share our vision for the future––can you please chip in to say you're with us? As a thank you, we will send you our newest limited edition sticker.
I'm excited to take the debate stage in Houston and share our vision for the future––can you please chip in to say you're with us? As a thank you, we will send you our newest limited edition sticker.
I'm excited to take the debate stage in Houston and share our vision for the future––can you please chip in to say you're with us? As a thank you, we will send you our newest limited edition sticker.
I'm excited to take the debate stage in Houston and share our vision for the future––can you please chip in to say you're with us? As a thank you, we will send you our newest limited edition sticker.
In order to go the distance and win this election, we need to build the relationships and organization on the ground to reach people where they are⁠—and that's exactly what we're doing.Will you please chip in today to help us keep growing?
In order to go the distance and win this election, we need to build the relationships and organization on the ground to reach people where they are⁠—and that's exactly what we're doing.Will you please chip in today to help us keep growing?
In order to go the distance and win this election, we need to build the relationships and organization on the ground to reach people where they are⁠—and that's exactly what we're doing.Will you please chip in today to help us keep growing?
In order to go the distance and win this election, we need to build the relationships and organization on the ground to reach people where they are⁠—and that's exactly what we're doing.Will you please chip in today to help us keep growing?
We aren't taking any money from federal lobbyists, corporate PACs, or fossil fuel executives. Our grassroots movement is powered by people like you! Will you please chip in today to help us keep up our momentum?
We aren't taking any money from federal lobbyists, corporate PACs, or fossil fuel executives. Our grassroots movement is powered by people like you! Will you please chip in today to help us keep up our momentum?
We aren't taking any money from federal lobbyists, corporate PACs, or fossil fuel executives. Our grassroots movement is powered by people like you! Will you please chip in today to help us keep up our momentum?
We aren't taking any money from federal lobbyists, corporate PACs, or fossil fuel executives. Our grassroots movement is powered by people like you! Will you please chip in today to help us keep up our momentum?
We're opening new offices and staffing up across the early states to build an organization that can win.And we're counting on your support––we don't take any money from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists. Will you chip in to help us keep up our momentum?
We're opening new offices and staffing up across the early states to build an organization that can win.And we're counting on your support––we don't take any money from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists. Will you chip in to help us keep up our momentum?
We're opening new offices and staffing up across the early states to build an organization that can win.And we're counting on your support––we don't take any money from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists. Will you chip in to help us keep up our momentum?
We're opening new offices and staffing up across the early states to build an organization that can win.And we're counting on your support––we don't take any money from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists. Will you chip in to help us keep up our momentum?
We're building an organization that can win, powered by people like you––not corporate PACs or fossil fuel executives. Please consider donating to help us continue the momentum!
We're building an organization that can win, powered by people like you––not corporate PACs or fossil fuel executives. Please consider donating to help us continue the momentum!
We're building an organization that can win, powered by people like you––not corporate PACs or fossil fuel executives. Please consider donating to help us continue the momentum!
We're building an organization that can win, powered by people like you––not corporate PACs or fossil fuel executives. Please consider donating to help us continue the momentum!
On one of our worst days, our country found its best self. And on this day, it is within us to find it once more. We must  
This president’s reckless trade war has already cost Americans 300,000 jobs, and if it continues, that number could climb to 900,000 by the end of next year. He isn’t up to the job.
We all owe a debt of gratitude to these brave women. Your stories remind us why we must trust women to make decisions about what’s right for them and their families—and why laws designed to ignore science and punish women are plain wrong. 
Very funny, 
This president’s unsteady judgment is reflected in both his hiring and firing of national security advisors. His first pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his contacts with Russia, and his last led us into Iraq. America deserves better.
 "I'm running for President because I believe our country is running out of time. speaks at Congressional Hisp…
 DEMS TALK LATINX ISSUES: 2020 presidential candidates Sen. Cory Booker, South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg, fmr. HUD Sec. Jul…
  If you're with us too, text IOWA to 25859. 
It's Election Day in North Carolina. If you're ready for leadership that puts country over party and people over ideology, then needs your help—and your vote.Volunteer:  Donate: Vote: 
 Our kids deserve a Secretary of Education who supports public education and is committed to giving that…
  talks often about a crisis of belonging in this country, and every interaction I’ve had with Pete for A…
 An  policy survey was sent by to all major presidential candidates. Here's response. cc…
 2020 candidates agree: We must do more to protect our kids from gun violence. Watch the first video in our new 
 Welcome to  Last week, we announced a plan to combat climate change, got on launc…
Sunday evening in South Bend means bath time for Buddy 
 Cornhole
We need real solutions, not further polarization. It’s time we come together to conquer our most urgent challenges and move our country forward. 
We need real solutions, not further polarization. It’s time we come together to conquer our most urgent challenges and move our country forward. 
  arrives to an excited crowd ready to greet him at Kalivas Park in Manchester. “We will win N.H.” he says as he t…
A big thank you to the hundreds of supporters who turned out this morning for  
America, the future doesn't have to be a dark place. I believe we can beat the odds and break with the past. I believe we can summon the courage to come together in common purpose to tackle our greatest challenges. And I believe it all starts with an act of hope. Are you with me? 
The answer to this president is not playing his game or going on his show. It is a laser focus on improving everyday lives and doing it in the name of shared values that light the way to a better future. 
We need ideas big enough to meet this moment—but it's not enough to think up good policy. We've got to unify Americans around solutions or nothing will actually get done. 
I just stepped off the  stage. If you're with me, text HOPE to 25859. 
 "The purpose of the presidency is not the glorification of the president, it is in pulling Americans together in common…
 "We need ideas big enough to meet the challenges of our moment. But it’s not enough to think up a good policy. We have…
  is taking the stage. Tune in! 
 If you’re not following  on  you’re missing out. Follow along for behind-the-scenes content…
 “There’s more to patriotism than hugging the flag — sometimes literally.” - 
  tells me “there’s a different level of energy right now” outside of the New Hampshire Democratic State C…
 Good morning from New Hampshire! 
 Heading to tomorrow's convention? Capture your  excitement by tagging and tweeting your 
We need real solutions, not further polarization. It’s time we come together to conquer our most urgent challenges and move our country forward. 
 We have Mayor on next hour!! Click here to stream us live!!!  
I figure this kid will have a good story to tell. 
When you make peace with somebody, you make peace with your enemy—that's what it means to come to the table, and that's what needs to happen in Afghanistan. It’s time to leave. 
Environmental stewardship isn't just about taking care of the planet, it's about taking care of our neighbors. 
 In 5 mins, we have another 2020 presidential candidate stopping by, don’t miss Mayor  
 Mayor on why we need  to address climate change. 
 We'll be hearing from at the Veterans and Military Families Presidential Forum presented by VoteVets o…
 Proud and excited to announce my endorsement of as our next President. I’ve known Pete for almost a decade.…
 TONIGHT: Democratic presidential candidate and Afghan war veteran shares his thoughts on the right way…
 TONIGHT: Presidential candidate and host of the  
 Mayor Pete Buttigieg talks politics and pizza in city tour with The Post  
 Each new Iowa office we open isn’t just a place to organize; it’s a home for everybody who believes we need a new appro…
Stay tuned... 
I’m thinking of everyone in the path of Hurricane  If you're in the Carolinas today, please be safe and pay attention to warnings and guidance from local officials. 
 in "I am determined to help repair the division in our nation's social fabric through…
  Foundation is proud to announce pro-equality champion and 2020 presidential candidate will join our Democrati…
 We're in a different phase of this campaign. Momentum is building—and we need you with us. Text PHASE THREE to 25859 to…
 "I feel sorry for the President," Pete Buttigieg says on President Trump appearing to show an altered Hurricane Dorian tra…
If our presidency is not in good shape, our country is not in good shape. 
 "This is a life or death issue. And the president is busy drawing with a Sharpie on a hurricane map."  on com…
The climate debate, fundamentally, is about how we're treating each other. 
 Tune in: Mayor joins us live on New Day 
 "Imagine what it would mean if a net-zero emissions cattle farm were as big a symbol of American achievement in fightin…
 "Rural Americans can be such a huge part of the solution."   
 We need to reduce the influence of fossil fuels in America.“If the only way we can clear that up is with a constituti…
 Roles in our economy are shifting and we need to be honest that this is about more than money, it’s about identity. Job…
 "I bet He thinks it's messed up." — 
 Washington can’t stop arguing about the diagnosis. What we need is someone who is able to start treating the patient. 
Just wrapped up  Follow where my team has been tweeting videos and facts about my plan to unite our country to meet the urgent challenges of climate change. And if you're with me, chip in: 
 SPOTTED: on his way to tonight's  
I've announced a bold plan to combat climate change and bring our country together around this urgent threat. Add your name if you're with us.
I've announced a bold plan to combat climate change and bring our country together around this urgent threat. Add your name if you're with us.
I've announced a bold plan to combat climate change and bring our country together around this urgent threat. Add your name if you're with us.
 You've still got time to read bold, new plan to meet the challenges of climate change before tonight's…
It's time to change the channel from the horror show happening in D.C. and start talking about the issues that most affect people in this country.Please consider helping us to do this work and share this message by donating to our campaign.
We're building an organization that can win, powered by people like you––not corporate PACs or fossil fuel executives.Please consider donating to help us continue the momentum!
It's time to change the channel from the horror show happening in D.C. and start talking about the issues that most affect people in this country.Please consider helping us to do this work and share this message by donating to our campaign.
We're building an organization that can win, powered by people like you––not corporate PACs or fossil fuel executives.Please consider donating to help us continue the momentum!
It's time to change the channel from the horror show happening in D.C. and start talking about the issues that most affect people in this country.Please consider helping us to do this work and share this message by donating to our campaign.
It's time to change the channel from the horror show happening in D.C. and start talking about the issues that most affect people in this country.Please consider helping us to do this work and share this message by donating to our campaign.
We're building an organization that can win, powered by people like you––not corporate PACs or fossil fuel executives.Please consider donating to help us continue the momentum!
 When it comes to our changing climate, too many Americans have been overlooked—or pitted against each other—for too lon…
We're building an organization that can win, powered by people like you––not corporate PACs or fossil fuel executives. Please consider donating to help us continue the momentum!
It's time to change the channel from the horror show happening in D.C. and start talking about the issues that most affect people in this country. Please consider helping us to do this work and share this message by donating to our campaign.
 "With a bold national agenda that harnesses the power of every American, the Battle Born State can continue to lead the…
 From soil management technology to billions invested in innovation funds, new climate policy will ensu…
 “Climate change is not just happening on the coasts… It’s happening everywhere and it’s happening now. will…
  rolled out his climate plan, which he calls a "national project." Key points: - Net-zero emissions by 2050…
 Implementing a plan to tackle our shared climate crisis means tapping into the power of rural communities.
 “When we tell our children and grandchildren about what we did in this moment, we must tell them that we worked togethe…
We have faced few crises like the threat posed by our changing climate. But the magnitude of the crisis can also galvanize us to rise to the occasion and build a safer, healthier, and more prosperous world. Let’s come together to meet it. 
 Climate change is a threat to our crops, economy, and way of life. Text CLIMATE to 25859 to read plan…
Today, I released a bold plan to tackle climate change by bringing our country together. Because we can't wait. Tonight at 10 pm ET, I'll be on to talk about it—tune in. 
 “Someday soon I hope to have children. I want to look back and tell them that we beat the odds on climate change and bu…
  Mobilizing America: Rising to the Climate Challenge Plan outlines a path to reach net-zero climate pollutio…
 Today released a plan focused on addressing climate change. He references Pacific Junction on his issues pa…
 With climate catastrophe on the horizon, we've reached a make-or-break moment in our history. Text CLIMATE to 25859 to…
 New from How the climate crisis is impacting rural America, and how Iowans would be part of the solutio…
 By 2050, Pete Buttigieg will be 68, younger than several other 2020 Democratic presidential contenders are right now. He has…
  Someday soon I hope to have children. I want to look back and tell them that we beat the odds on climate c…
 Pete Buttigieg Wants To Make Solving The Climate Crisis “A National Project” 
For too long D.C. has chosen denial and obstruction as we’re faced with the imminent catastrophic effects of climate change. But science compels us to act—and we're running out of time. Today, I'm announcing a plan to unite America to meet this challenge. 
 ✅ Learn the name ✅ Break expectations☑️ Meet the moment is here. Let’s go win. 
   news: 12-term state Rep. - chair of Ways/Means Committee - endorses for…
Workers should be able to bargain without fear of losing their jobs. I'm proud to stand with  workers in Indiana as they fight to save their jobs and secure better pay. 
 As we begin to open 20 new offices in Iowa and 12 in New Hampshire, we’re also expanding our digital outreach. 
 Hyped for  a volunteer today →  
20 new offices in Iowa, 12 new offices in New Hampshire, 1 new Twitter account for you to get all the updates—and the latest campaign news.  is here. Follow along with 
 OPINION | Indiana Mayor Pete Buttigieg reveals his Labor Day agenda on taking a new bold approach to strengthen unions.…
 Labor Unions fight for working families every day and are at the foundation of what makes our country great. Let's make Septem…
If we’re going to build a fair and prosperous future for us all, we urgently need every worker in America to have the opportunity to get ahead—and that means taking a bold new approach to strengthen unions for the next era.  
 From coast to coast, we're taking to the streets on  to fight for because we need to solve BIG problems lik…
Thank you to all who’ve invested in our campaign, and welcome to our new organizers. We’re ready—now let’s get to work! 
This Labor Day, let's celebrate the achievements of organized labor—whose struggle won us the 40-hour work week, labor protections, and child and safety standards—and join the fight for  
Rather than meeting this crisis with the urgency it demands, lawmakers are weakening gun safety laws and putting corporate gun interests ahead of their own communities. It’s time to leave the and this failed approach in the dustbin of history. 
Add Midland and Odessa to the list. We must act. 
 ⚡️"Getting Ready for Hurricane  lot of great information has been shared this week on how to prepare for hurricane…
Enough. Texas, my heart is with you. America, we must act.
Now is still the time to prepare for Hurricane  Florida, please make sure you’re following these steps to keep yourself or your loved ones safe. 
 In this new bonus episode of YOUR FIRST MILLION, I interview Democratic presidential candidate after moder…
 As you prepare for  plan for your specific needs:✅ Include medication in your emergency kit✅ Charge assistive devi…
64 years ago this week, Emmett Till was tortured, murdered, and dumped in the Tallahatchie River. With hate still endangering lives in this country, his story needs to be told and remembered. 
  avoided long-winded politician speak, and cut straight to the point about his plans for addressing the cost of…
On this day in 1963, Martin Luther King Jr. led hundreds of thousands in marching for jobs and freedom. Great progress was made, but too much of his dream was deferred. In our time, we must act to make justice and freedom a reality for all.
 is unafraid to meet the challenges of our time, whether it's advocating for service members, protecting reproductive rights, or keeping families together. I'm grateful for her leadership and strength—and I know she'll keep fighting for us all. Thank you, Senator. 
It's time for our government to defend Americans—and American values. Congress should exercise its oversight authority over DHS to ensure allocated funds are used for the purpose they were authorized for.
Taking money Congress authorized to protect people facing disaster in order to indefinitely detain asylum seekers is unconscionable. It is unworthy of the presidency and unworthy of the United States. 
The presidency is a sacred trust. Being president means standing with Americans when they need you most. It means sheltering them from the storm. And, above all, it means knowing that the American people are always more important than yourself.
We need a Secretary of Education that believes in public education. 
Still can’t believe my luck. Thank you for a magical first date and all that has come since. 
We've got a president who is actively undercutting Iowa farmers in favor of Big Oil—and he's doing it while his trade war with China decimates farmers' bottom lines. When I'm president, I'll end this administration’s abuse of small refinery exemptions. 
This is a crisis of care—and a crisis of caring. We need to speak honestly about mental health and addiction, and act quickly to provide communities with the resources necessary to meet this national challenge. 
 Thanks for stopping by, We appreciate you standing with drivers for AB5 and a union. You said it corr…
Today I proudly joined the community in protesting for union rights because a gig is a job and a worker is a worker—and it’s past time to guarantee workplace protections and  
  stands with drivers.  stands with drivers. stands with drivers.
 Democratic presidential candidate joined around 100 Uber drivers who circled the company’s Market St. headq…
 Mayor marched with California gig workers outside HQ to fight for better pay, benefits, protections ; a path…
 A thread for this  Across the country, teachers and students are heading back to school. As a tea…
Good. Drug manufacturers fueled our nation’s opioid crisis for profit—and we must hold them accountable. 
Happy  
We can't solve the urgent global challenges of our time without American leadership—and America can't lead when America doesn't show up. 
In 2019, paychecks should be equal, seats at the table should be balanced, health care decisions should be personal, and every vote should count. Equality can't wait, and every day should be 
A year ago today we lost Senator John McCain. A Navy war hero, a statesman, and a patriot, he understood that the American project is bigger than any one person or party—and his legacy calls on each of us to protect it for future generations.
 Presidential candidate shares his plan for mental health care for America's veterans: 
 WATCH: Can anything be done to prevent China from cracking down on Hong Kong protests?  
 Part of Trump's isolation in the G-7 summit, says, is "you have world leaders coming together ... talking…
My kind of ride. 
Today I asked Granite Staters to raise their hands if they or someone they know have been touched by our nation's mental health care and addiction crisis. I saw a room full of hands. We can no longer wait to act—that's why I just released a plan to meet this urgent crisis. 
Freedom means living free of discrimination because of who you are or whom you love. By arguing to legalize discrimination against LGBTQ+ Americans, this administration put themselves on the wrong side of history—and our values. As president, I'll sign the Equality Act into law. 
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
 Thank you for giving me a dose of hope today. It’s more than an  crisis, it’s an  cris…
At this critical time in our nation's history, I'm grateful for good people who put their hand up and offer to serve. Congratulations on your announcement thank you for your continued leadership. 
 is a patriot who defended our nation and our values as a Marine and as a Congressman.He understands the urgency of this moment, and I'm grateful for his voice and for his service. 
We're in the midst of a devastating opioid epidemic that is harming communities across the country. In a few moments, I'll be speaking live from Manchester, NH to unveil my new plan to tackle the crisis head on and reduce deaths of despair by 1 million.  
 Our country needs to treat mental health like physical health. has a comprehensive plan to improve mental…
Young people are in the throes of America’s mental health crisis, and it’s not hard to understand why. But young people also have the power to address it, and now is the time. We can’t wait any longer. 
 "To tackle the mental health issue, pledges to "dramatically" expand the mental health ; addiction work…
For too long, the Black community has been disproportionately impacted by America’s mental health care crisis. Now is the time to pursue transformative policies and save lives. We can’t wait any longer. 
 The opioid epidemic takes tens of thousands of lives per year in the U.S has a plan to change that. This mo…
 We talked to about the mental health needs of young people, and how their influence matters now more than eve…
 Take a few minutes to read plan on mental health and addiction. It is *exactly* the right framing of the cri…
 Mayor Pete’s new addiction/mental health agenda has a bit of everything, from better coverage of opioid treatments to inve…
 NEW: Kudos to for releasing a health plan about...health.I reviewed the details. Pete moves beyond the quest…
America’s addiction and mental health care crisis has been building for decades—due to decades of neglect by political leaders in Washington. Today, I’m proposing a new approach that tackles this crisis with the urgency and care it deserves. 
Our country is in the midst of a mental health and addiction crisis, worsened by decades of stigma and political neglect. I’ll bring a new approach, rooted in commitment and community, to tackle this crisis with the urgency it deserves. 
Fires like the one raging in the Amazon are a reminder not only of the urgency to act on climate change but also of the failure of our politics to meet the great challenges of our time. Politicians can no longer fiddle while the world burns. The time to act is now.
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
Want to watch the next debate in the Lone Star State?Chip in any amount now and you'll be automatically entered for a chance to watch in person. Flights, hotel and tickets for you (and a guest) are on us!
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
We're flying a lucky supporter (and their guest) to Houston to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
This Black Women's Equal Pay Day, let's act on bold, real solutions to close the gap, like passing the Paycheck Fairness Act and investing in Black women entrepreneurs. Because we can only move forward toward a brighter, better America with justice and fairness for all.
Black women earn just 61 cents for every dollar earned by white men. That means a Black woman doing the same job as her white male counterpart in 2018 wouldn't have caught up until now. This gap is the result of centuries of systemic racism, gender discrimination, and exclusion.
It’s time to end the stigma associated with reproductive freedom. That begins by sharing stories, especially when they are difficult. Thank you to all those, including the members I met yesterday, who’ve summoned the courage to share theirs. 
A 30-minute phone call with the was all it took to remind this president who’s in charge. Apparently they have him by the...base. And that puts American lives at risk. 
At a moment when we have such a sustained assault on reproductive freedom, I believe it is vital that Democrats be vocal in standing up for women—and that men running for president be twice as vocal about this issue at this time. 
We’re facing a climate crisis, and we must summon the courage to confront it before it’s too late. Thank you, Governor Inslee, for demanding that America meet the urgency of the moment. 
Politics is about who you fight for and whose lives you want to make better. Trump would raise costs for drivers, hurt farmers, and undermine the livelihood of auto workers—all to give Big Oil and their executives a windfall. That’s all you need to know.
We’ve got to take a stand when Republicans target Title X funding. 
 Thank you for having me. Today's conversation was a reminder of the work yet to be done to achieve reproductive justice—and an urgent call on all of us to stand up to this administration's unprecedented attacks on women's rights and reproductive freedom.
 “I’m I’m a mayor, I’m a veteran, I’m a feminist, and I’m running for President.”  
I'm about to join members in Iowa to discuss the urgency of this moment, and why we must come together to confront unprecedented attacks on women's rights and reproductive justice. I hope you'll tune in. 
We're in a moment of crisis, with women's rights and reproductive freedom facing unprecedented attacks. I'm proud to stand with organizations like in this fight, and I can't wait for today's conversation. 
The vast majority of Americans know we must act, and the vast majority of Americans agree on how. But nothing gets done because Washington is a captive to an unchecked corporate gun lobby. We can't wait anymore. Children are dying. Hate is rising. Now is the time to say enough. 
400 years ago a ship carrying more than 20 enslaved Africans arrived in Virginia. On the anniversary of that fateful day, let us summon the courage to reckon with our past—and act boldly to break with the racial and economic structures that are its legacy. 
Women’s rights are under attack. Today’s Title X development makes the work of organizations like all the more urgent and necessary—and I’m proud to stand with them. See you on Wednesday. 
Last chance to enter to win a trip to my hometown of South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me!Flights and hotels are on us! Please chip in any amount – even $1 – to be automatically entered to win.
Last chance to enter to win a trip to my hometown of South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me!Flights and hotels are on us! Please chip in any amount – even $1 – to be automatically entered to win.
Last chance to enter to win a trip to my hometown of South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me!Flights and hotels are on us! Please chip in any amount – even $1 – to be automatically entered to win.
Last chance to enter to win a trip to my hometown of South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me!Flights and hotels are on us! Please chip in any amount – even $1 – to be automatically entered to win.
The current occupant of the White House is the symptom of much larger problems, and we need a new approach to solve them.I'm running for president because we’re running out of time to act. 
This is an attack on women. Enforcing this new 'gag rule' will cost millions of women—especially low-income women of color—access to safe, affordable care.   
So glad to join and our own Group Violence Intervention team to discuss the urgency of our work on preventing gun violence in South Bend and what our partnership has taught us. 
 "They’re great. He’s better.” - one attendee at Burlington event last week on the rest of the Democrat…
Right now, almost 18 years after September 11th, somebody is packing their bags for Afghanistan—and they're wondering why we're still there. It's time to bring our troops home. 
“The way to right wrongs is to turn the light of truth upon them.” —Ida B. WellsOn the 99th anniversary of the 19th Amendment's ratification, let us honor the suffragettes who fought for the right to vote—and join those working to protect and advance women's rights in our time.
There is clearly no strategy for dealing with the trade war—a trade war this president started—in a way that will actually lead to results for American farmers or American consumers. 
 Buttigieg on vowing to lift President Trump’s China tariffs: “There's no strategy with dealing with the trade war in a way…
Bear and Buckeye are lucky to have found their forever home with the Ryans (and they’re long overdue for a visit with Buddy and Truman)!  
This week, we made a visit to the Iowa State Fair, rolled out a plan to unleash the full potential of rural America, met with the Black Church PAC in Atlanta, and had a little fun along the way. ICYMI, here’s a look back at our latest week on the trail. 
Buddy, Truman, and Olivia are reminders of how many loving, beautiful animals are waiting for forever homes in shelters across America. This  Day, open your home and your heart to a rescue animal in need:  
Before there was Olivia. She found her way out of a pound into her forever home with me and my parents in South Bend. 
Last year, and I welcomed Buddy into our household and into our lives. Like his “brother” Truman, he quickly became a big source of joy. Rescue dogs have long been an important part of my life, and I'm with all those on board to  
I met an American hero. Thank you, for your courage, your grace, your optimism, and for making the  the necessary trouble, to advance the cause of justice in our time. 
It was a good day. 
This week I’m in Iowa, where I put forward a plan to unleash the potential of America’s heartland.Rural communities are brimming with possibilities, and places like Tipton and Burlington can lead the way in helping to meet America's challenges. 
Governor didn't enter this race to advance an ideology, he got in to serve others. That's why he first ran for mayor of Denver, and that's why Coloradans elected him governor—twice. I'm grateful for his commitment to public service. We need more leaders like him.
Rules of the road for the  Eat everything ✔️2. Ride the slide ✔️ 
84 years ago today, we recognized that when we care for seniors and Americans who've lost their jobs, it provides all of us with greater security. As President, I’ll protect Social Security—not just as a lifeline for millions but as a national inheritance for future generations.
Iowans are kind, decent, and welcoming people. Steve King doesn’t deserve the honor of representing them, and they deserve much better than Steve King. Let’s help replace him with someone who is as decent as they are. Join me in supporting  
There are a lot of questions we don't have answers to right now. What we do know is that this will be a long night for too many families in Philadelphia. Our hearts are with them. Our resolve and commitment are with them in the long days to come.
 Shortly after going down the Giant Slide with a 4-year-old, joined the for a ride on the Sky Gli…
With a renewed dedication to rural communities, smart investments, and innovative ideas, rural America can not only meet our national challenges—it can lead the way in tackling them.
The people of Hong Kong deserve our support. At times like this it’s important for America to be a voice for peace, for human rights, for freedom, and for stability, and as president I’ll ensure that we stand up for these values. 
I see people every day hurting because of this administration's trade wars, and now the Secretary of Agriculture is calling them whiners. American farmers work hard, and they're right to ask about their future when Trump's trade strategy keeps coming down on their backs. 
The president thinks we're all suckers. We've got a country where GDP is going up and life expectancy is going down, and his biggest solution is to pass a tax cut for corporations. 
 
 Thanks and keep up the great work!
 Mayor rides the giant slide with a little boy who asked him to ride with him  
 What it’s like to try to order a root beer float as a presidential candidate at the Iowa State Fair 
 “What are you doing other than speaking?” a bus rider asks “Well, eating, I suppose,” he replies
 While not endorsing in the primary, I do believe that Buttigieg's plan of action represents a comprehensive commitment to…
 NEW: Ahead of Iowa visit, rolls out policy aimed at helping rural America, in part through apprenticeships,…
 Former Iowa Gov Vilsack with praise this AM for Buttigieg rural economic plan: “His plan reinforces the Democratic message…
This is a make-or-break moment in our history, and we need to meet it with the urgency it requires. Rural America can lead the way. Today, I'm proud to announce a plan to empower rural America and unlock its full potential. 
Today, Muslims in communities across America and around the world will celebrate  marking the end of the Hajj. It's a moment for unity, prayer, and reflection. To all those celebrating, Eid Mubarak!
I belong to the first generation where school shootings were routine. The second generation is now rising up to make sure there will not be a third. 
I’ve been hearing “never again” for most of my adult life. Enough. Dial 877-615-7198 to demand change. 
 “Keep speaking up.  My god, keep speaking up. It’s working!” - Demand Action volunteers are on it! We…
We must think about what is happening amid the rise of domestic terrorism and the politics of fear—and we must act. Please join me in supporting organizations that are doing just that: 
I'm also heartbroken for our country. Whether it was a child in Texas orphaned by a white supremacist's bullet or a child in Mississippi left parentless by a president's orders, we must stop and think about what is happening to children in our country.
I'm heartbroken for Magdalena. No child should have to experience the fear of being ripped from her parents. 
 Today, released a rural health plan, and it's so encouraging to see broad, national attention to investing in…
  wants to help end the Black maternal health crisis. 
 Democratic presidential candidate Pete Buttigieg released a health care plan aimed at rural Americans and Native American tri…
 I've spent a lot of time with America's farmers - many without healthcare coverage - who say they need high speed internet,…
 Impressed by plan for rural *health* — with starting point that people in rural areas are dying too early from…
It's time to break with the politics of the past and usher in a new era for rural America—that begins by securing its health. Today I’m proud to announce a plan to invest in too often overlooked communities and secure a healthy future for rural Americans. 
This is the least could do. Dial 877-615-7198 right now to tell your senators to get back to Washington and vote on common-sense gun safety legislation. 
 NEW: From intelligence analyst to a military "Uber": Inside Mayor Pete Buttigieg's Afghanistan deployment. 
 has served our nation as a military officer and her community as a lawyer tackling poverty, criminal justice reform, and voting rights. Excited to see her clinch the nomination and continue her career of service as the Democratic nominee for Mississippi AG. 
Neighbors are helping children as if there had been a natural disaster. But this is a policy disaster. It’s a disaster of choice, including the choice to harm these innocent children. Our nation will be judged for this. Time for a better way. 
At this vulnerable moment in the history of our people, we see that moral leadership is a critical part of the presidency. What we need from a president is the ability to unify the country—and the ability to lead the way to keep us safe. 
I stand with in its fight to unionize, and I back its members in demanding that negotiates with them. This is a make or break moment for our country — we can't wait to make sure workers get fair pay, fair benefits, and basic respect.
At times like this, it would be helpful if our country had a president.
 At a campaign event, young people from got Mayor Pete to confirm that he’ll be at our Oct.…
  released a plan for gun safety that includes: ✅ Requiring background checks on all gun sales✅ Passing a R…
Please chip in any amount⁠—even $1⁠—to be automatically entered to win a trip to South Bend to talk politics over a pizza dinner with me!
We're flying a group of supporters (and their guests) to South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me! Please chip in whatever you can—even one dollar—to be automatically entered to win.
What matters most to you in this election? Let's talk about that, and whatever else is on your mind, over some pizza in my hometown of South Bend!Flights, hotel, and pizza are on us!⁠ Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered to win.
Please chip in any amount⁠—even $1⁠—to be automatically entered to win a trip to South Bend to talk politics over a pizza dinner with me!
We're flying a group of supporters (and their guests) to South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me! Please chip in whatever you can—even one dollar—to be automatically entered to win.
What matters most to you in this election? Let's talk about that, and whatever else is on your mind, over some pizza in my hometown of South Bend!Flights, hotel, and pizza are on us!⁠ Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered to win.
Please chip in any amount⁠—even $1⁠—to be automatically entered to win a trip to South Bend to talk politics over a pizza dinner with me!
We're flying a group of supporters (and their guests) to South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me! Please chip in whatever you can—even one dollar—to be automatically entered to win.
What matters most to you in this election? Let's talk about that, and whatever else is on your mind, over some pizza in my hometown of South Bend!Flights, hotel, and pizza are on us!⁠ Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered to win.
Please chip in any amount⁠—even $1—to be automatically entered to win a trip to South Bend to talk politics over a pizza dinner with me!
We're flying a group of supporters (and their guests) to South Bend for a night of pizza and conversation with me! Please chip in whatever you can—even one dollar—to be automatically entered to win.
What matters most to you in this election? Let's talk about that, and whatever else is on your mind, over some pizza in my hometown of South Bend!Flights, hotel, and pizza on us!⁠ Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered to win.
I'm in—see you in Nevada. 
Congratulations to Representative-elect A former mayor and member of the Iowa National Guard, he will now serve the people of Iowa in new ways. 
Also, this happened 
This  Against Violence, South Bend community members, and other organizations join a nationwide commitment to support each other in making our neighborhoods and communities safe. Thanks to all who work for peace and safety. 
Glad for the chance today to thank fighters for their action on two major fires just a few days apart in South Bend and hear about their experience—and thankful as always for the work our first responders do daily. 
Toni Morrison’s writing called America to understand the consequences of slavery and segregation, and challenged the world to wrestle with what it means to be beautiful and beloved. Like millions, I am better for having learned from her exquisite understanding of humanity.
We lose an average of 100 lives a day to gun violence all around the country. It's long past time to address the policy failures that continue to cause these tragedies.Add your name to support our new plan to tackle the threat posed by hate and the gun lobby.
I believe we should be able to look back on this moment and tell our children that we brought people together to deliver gun safety. Add your name if you're with me.
Mayor is right. The Senate could act right now to pass common-sense gun safety legislation that already cleared the House—reforms that the overwhelming majority of Americans support. Call your senators right now to demand a vote: 877-615-7198 
Weapons like the one I carried in Afghanistan have no place on our streets or in our schools—least of all in the hands of white nationalists. 
The old politics of cut-and-paste condemnation and inaction after every mass shooting won’t work—we need a new approach.Today, I’m announcing an action plan to combat the threat of white nationalist terrorism, abetted by weak gun laws and the gun lobby. 
Pete for America supporters made more than 10,000 calls in the first hour alone—and now we’re up to nearly 17,000 calls to the Senate.Thank you. Call again tomorrow. Demand change. Here's the number: 877-615-7198 
This president is amplifying white nationalist hate and is blocking a bill that could disarm them. Dial 877-615-7198 to tell your Senators to pass gun safety reforms that the majority of Americans want.We must act—for our futures, our loved ones, and our country.
Today marks 7 years since an armed white nationalist killed 6 at a Sikh Temple in WI. Two days ago, a white nationalist killed 22 in El Paso. Hours later, a gunman killed 9 in Dayton. We are under attack by white nationalist terrorists, abetted by weak gun laws and the
J.D. offers leadership that reflects our common decency and common resolve. It's not just a stark contrast to Steve King's enabling of a hateful right-wing agenda—it's what Washington needs now more than ever. I’m excited to see him enter the race to represent  
Our country is under attack by white nationalist terrorism, abetted by weak gun laws and the gun lobby.If we are serious about national security, we must be clear about the threat we face and the factors behind it. Our president has proven once again that he is not. 
 Check it out: so far 12 presidential candidates have signed the 2020  Take a look at this message fr…
We live in the only country where this is routine, yet an overwhelming majority of Americans support gun safety measures that would save lives.It shows you that the no longer speaks for gun owners, it speaks for gun corporations. 
This White House amplifies hate, and people who are in the grip of this hateful, extremist ideology feel validated from all the way at the top. 
After 9/11, I joined thousands of other Americans in signing up to fight the threat to our nation. Now, in the face of white nationalist terror, our leaders must stand up to fight this threat to our national security.
Our president isn't just failing to confront and disarm these domestic terrorists, he is amplifying and condoning their hate. 
Will the President of the United States leave his golf resort, go back to Washington, address the nation, condemn—in no uncertain terms—white nationalism, and call for the Senate to convene tomorrow to enact at least the most basic gun safety reforms that most Americans want? 
 2020 presidential candidate Pete Buttigieg on the latest mass shootings: “Every time this happens we say never again. We s…
 Chris asks what can be done to stop these shooting situations, he says "Washington has been captured by s…
 Chris asks about the shootings in the past 24 hours in  and  "This is terrorism and we hav…
How many more?
America is under attack from homegrown white nationalist terrorism. That ideology is evil. It is being condoned at the highest levels of our government. And today it inspired a gunman to claim at least 20 lives in  is enough. We have an obligation to act. 
Our country is under attack from white nationalist terrorism, inspiring murder on our soil and abetted by weak gun laws. If we are serious about national security, we must summon the courage to name and defeat this evil.
 Blood needed urgently. Multiple injured transported to various hospitals. Blood donation centers Vitalent Blood Services at 4…
My grandmother used to take me to Cielo Vista Mall. Now it’s one more mass shooting scene. How many more must grieve before we act? 
“Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.”  would be 95 today and his work and words are as urgent and timely as ever.
 'The Republican Party 20 years ago ran away from [David Duke]. Today, they are supporting naked racism in the White House.…
I want to make sure we're hearing directly from you about which issues affect your life. Please take a minute to fill out our survey.
I want to make sure we're hearing directly from you about which issues affect your life. Please take a minute to fill out our survey.
Separating children from their parents based on HIV status, in defiance of guidance from is another display of ignorance and cruelty by this administration. Every migrant child separated must be identified and reunited. 
The president’s “strategy” is to threaten taxes on US workers, farmers, and allies while hurting America's ability to compete globally. Trump should be betting on America and working with our allies to put pressure on China, not the other way around. 
Hey, Las Vegas, I’ll be in town today! I’m joining at First Friday to meet with voters—and to hear some live music. Hope to see you there! 
I hope I made you proud on Tuesday.If you're with me, text DEBATE to 25859. 
I was proud to support fellow veteran as she nearly unseated Will Hurd last year in one of Texas’s most competitive Congressional districts. Delighted that she‘s stepping up again in what will now be an open seat. 
 “A gig is a job and a worker is a worker.” - recognizing the importance of making sure that all jobs are good jobs…
This is a make or break moment in our nation’s history.  
  joining union workers in downtown Detroit this morning. “You should not have to fight for a union and $…
 Mayor said Republicans will criticize whatever progressives say — so it's time Democrats 'stop worrying' ab…
Detroit is looking good this morning. Early start as we head to and to discuss last night’s debate and the road ahead! 
If you are ready to break from the past and walk into a new, and very different, future—please chip $3 and join our campaign today. As a thank you we will send you our new, limited edition sticker!
If you are ready to break from the past and walk into a new, and very different, future—please chip $3 and join our campaign today. As a thank you we will send you our new, limited edition sticker!
We need to summon the courage to break with the past and walk into a new, and very different, future. I’m ready to do that, but I can’t do it without you. Please chip in $3 to join our team and let's get to work!
If you are ready to break from the past and walk into a new, and very different, future—please chip $3 and join our campaign today. As a thank you, we will send you our new, limited edition sticker!
I just got off the stage from the  If you agree that we need to break with the past and focus on real, practical solutions, please consider making a contribution to our campaign tonight:  
We need to summon the courage to break with the past and walk into a new, and very different, future. I’m ready to do that, but I can’t do it without you. Please chip in $3 to join our team and let's get to work!
We can do this, if and only if we are ready to walk away from what hasn’t worked with bold action.If you're with me, text PETE to 25859.  
I don’t care how old you are—I care about your vision. We cannot have a vision that amounts to back to "normal." It’s the only reason we got this president, that "normal" didn’t work.  
We must put an end to endless wars and refocus on future threats.  
If men and women in the military have the courage to serve, members of Congress ought to have to summon the courage to vote on whether they should be there.  
There are people who go through more jobs in a week than my parents went through in their lifetimes. It’s why I propose we allow gig workers to unionize.The gig is a job, and a worker is a worker.  
This is about a moment when the economy is changing before our eyes.  
Pete has a plan to restore fairness in our economy, raise incomes, and ensure that workers have the predictable hours, wages, and support they deserve:   
Reminder: a tariff is a tax on American workers. 
If we don’t tackle racial injustice, it will upend the American Project in my lifetime.  
We need economic empowerment, housing equity, better health, criminal justice reform, and so many other measures, all at once, in order to tackle systemic racism in our lifetime. Read more about the Douglass Plan:   
Nominate me and we will have a different conversation with American voters.  
It's long overdue to take bold, decisive action on climate change.  
It's time to treat climate change like the national emergency it is. I support a Green New Deal — we need bold action to eliminate greenhouse gas emissions while creating new, high-paying jobs.  
This is a country that once changed its Constitution so you couldn’t drink, and changed it back because we changed our minds. You’re telling me we can’t reform our democracy in our time? We have to, or we will be having the same argument 20 years from now.  
Our democracy is the most important thing we've got.  
I was a junior when the Columbine shooting happened. I am the first generation to see school shootings. We have produced the second generation. We dare not allow there to be a third.  
I was at an event and a 13-year-old asked me what we were going to do about school safety, and then began shaking and crying. We can talk about these policies, but we already know the policies. 90% of Americans want something to happen. Washington can’t do it.  
If we embrace a far-left agenda, they’re going to say we’re a bunch of crazy socialists. If we embrace a conservative agenda, they’re going to say we’re a bunch of crazy socialists. So let’s stand up for the right policy, go up there, and defend it.  
If we embrace a far-left agenda, they’re going to say we’re a bunch of crazy socialists. If we embrace a conservative agenda, they’re going to say we’re a bunch of crazy socialists. So let’s stand up for the right policy, go up there, and defend it.  
If you don’t have health coverage, you’re paying too much for care. If you do have health coverage, you’re paying too much for care.  
I’m running for president because our country is running out of time.  
We are not going to be able to meet this moment by recycling the same arguments, policies, and politicians that have dominated Washington for as long as I've been alive.  
Getting in the zone.  
We just launched our new sticker! Please contribute whatever you can and we'll send it your way.
Please chip in today to help build our grassroots movement—and we will send you our new, limited edition sticker!
We just launched our new sticker! Please contribute whatever you can and we'll send it your way.
Please chip in today to help build our grassroots movement—and we will send you our new, limited edition sticker!
Please chip in today to help build our grassroots movement—and we will send you our new, limited edition sticker!  
We just launched our new sticker! Please contribute whatever you can and we'll send it your way.
Please chip in today to help build our grassroots movement—and we will send you our new, limited edition sticker!
We just launched our new sticker! Please contribute whatever you can and we'll send it your way.
Please chip in today to help build our grassroots movement—and we will send you our new, limited edition sticker!
We just launched our new sticker! Please contribute whatever you can and we'll send it your way.
Please chip in today to help build our grassroots movement—and we will send you our new, limited edition sticker!
We just launched our new sticker! Please contribute whatever you can and we'll send it your way.
Please chip in today to help build our grassroots movement—and we will send you our new, limited edition sticker!
We just launched our new sticker! Please contribute whatever you can and we'll send it your way.
Please chip in today to help build our grassroots movement—and we will send you our new, limited edition sticker!
We just launched our new sticker! Please contribute whatever you can and we'll send it your way.
Please chip in today to help build our grassroots movement—and we will send you our new, limited edition sticker!
We just launched our new sticker! Please contribute whatever you can and we'll send it your way.
We just launched our new sticker! Please contribute whatever you can and we'll send it your way.
Please chip in today to help build our grassroots movement—and we will send you our new, limited edition sticker!
We're giving away our new, limited edition debate stickers! Please donate $3 and we'll send one your way.
We're giving away our new, limited edition debate stickers! Please donate $3 and we'll send one your way.
Ready. Tune in tonight at 8 pm ET for the  
 "I'm not scared of this President," Democratic presidential candidate Pete Buttigieg tells is a guy who was wo…
Thanks for your support for our campaign and for your service to our country. See you here in Detroit! 
Last night, Gilroy became the latest community to suffer the tragic consequences of inaction on gun violence. We can't keep pretending that this is normal. Our gun laws are failing to keep our families and our communities safe and must change.
 Former Under Secretary of the U.S. Army just endorsed "Unlike who has…
We've already almost hit our goal of 10,000 new donations before the next debate. Can you please chip in now and help us get there? We're sending a new, limited edition sticker to people who donate before the next debate!
We're giving away our new, limited edition debate stickers! Please donate $3 and we'll send one your way.
Before the next debate, help reach our goal of 10,000 new donations!Please chip in $3 and we'll send you our limited edition debate sticker.
We've already almost hit our goal of 10,000 new donations before the next debate. Can you please chip in now and help us get there? We're sending a new, limited edition sticker to people who donate before the next debate!
We're giving away our new, limited edition debate stickers! Please donate $3 and we'll send one your way.
Before the next debate, help reach our goal of 10,000 new donations!Please chip in $3 and we'll send you our limited edition debate sticker.
We've already almost hit our goal of 10,000 new donations before the next debate. Can you please chip in now and help us get there? We're sending a new, limited edition sticker to people who donate before the next debate!
We're giving away our new, limited edition debate stickers! Please donate $3 and we'll send one your way.
Before the next debate, help reach our goal of 10,000 new donations!Please chip in $3 and we'll send you our limited edition debate sticker.
We've already almost hit our goal of 10,000 new donations before the next debate. Can you please chip in now and help us get there? We're sending a new, limited edition sticker to people who donate before the next debate!
We're giving away our new, limited edition debate stickers! Please donate $3 and we'll send one your way.
Before the next debate, help reach our goal of 10,000 new donations!Please chip in $3 and we'll send you our limited edition debate sticker.
  plan opens with bargaining rights for for all American workers - including gig economy, fast food worker…
We've already almost hit our goal of 10,000 new donations before the next debate. Can you please chip in now and help us get there? We're sending a new, limited edition sticker to people who donate before the next debate!
We're giving away our new, limited edition debate stickers! Please donate $3 and we'll send one your way.
Before the next debate, help reach our goal of 10,000 new donations!Please chip in $3 and we'll send you our limited edition debate sticker.
We've already almost hit our goal of 10,000 new donations before the next debate. Can you please chip in now and help us get there? We're sending a new, limited edition sticker to people who donate before the next debate!
We've already almost hit our goal of 10,000 new donations before the next debate. Can you please chip in now and help us get there? We're sending a new, limited edition sticker to people who donate before the next debate!
We're giving away our new, limited edition debate stickers! Please donate $3 and we'll send one your way.
Before the next debate, help reach our goal of 10,000 new donations!Please chip in $3 and we'll send you our limited edition debate sticker.
Delighted to see my friend and fellow Navy veteran Adam Hattersley enter the race to represent Florida’s 15th congressional district. 
 Presidential candidate Pete Buttigieg says he is determined to knit together the country's social fabric through a new call to nat…
 How Pete Buttigieg went from war protester to "packing my bags for Afghanistan" 
 Mayor is committed to tackling  as President. He’s got a plan to overturn Citizens United, cre…
The president’s continuing racist attacks on the American city of Baltimore are part of his project to divide America: white versus black, rural versus urban. A president should serve all Americans. This one is busy weakening our country.
Over 33 million American workers would benefit from making the minimum wage a living wage. It’s time to stop measuring our economic progress by abstract numbers like GDP. In my administration, I will measure our success by your paycheck. 
 I have seen up close the transformation that is possible when Americans walk away from the past and into a new era of possibil…
It is time for American employers to do right by American workers.Text WAGES to 25859 to read my new plan for a changing economy. 
Amen. 
Hospital workers are on the front lines of patient care. I stand with the 85,000 workers who are organizing for fair wages and better working conditions.
 ✅Public Service Freedom to Negotiate Act✅Public Safety Employer Employee Cooperation Act✅Sick Leave✅Paid family leave✅…
Tune in now to watch live as Mayor Pete discusses his new policy proposal, 'Empowering Workers in a Changing Economy,' live from Ankeny, IA. 
  plan includes multi-employer bargaining, giving workers a seat at the table with big corporations to ho…
 Unions are the pathway to the middle class. ✊🏾Working people need and deserve a voice in the workplace and an economy that…
 Pete Buttigieg calls out tech companies for failing to recognize worker rights in his new economic proposal.CNN's Vaness…
Today I'm proud to announce a new plan that will empower all workers, lift wages, and give workers and employers the tools they need to thrive.Our economy is changing. Our laws and policies should too. Read my plan, A New Rising Tide Agenda, here:  
Happy  indeed! Thankful for the hard work (and creativity and humor) that all our interns at HQ and across the country bring to this team. 
 America is stronger because we are a nation of immigrants. Congratulations to your family from me and everyone on 
Justice is not equally distributed in our country. Too often, race and geography determine who lives and who dies. We should be joining the ranks of modern nations and abolishing the death penalty—not expanding its reach. 
 Just for the record, very grateful for workers keeping us all safe. But who among us can help making the faces sometimes...
 Nope, you got it right. Not a moment to lose meeting voters wherever they are. Time zones and red-eyes to the rescue!
  
I'm about to take the stage at the 110th Annual Convention. Tune in! 
 NEW  sits down w/ a veteran ; founder of the Billions Institute about the impor…
  on  “At a moment when our national unity is under such strain an…
Thanks for the amazing welcome and a great event! 
If we’re serious about national security, we’re going need a president prepared to name and confront white nationalist violence. 
They are going to label us "socialists" no matter what. So we should just do what we think is right and not worry so much about what the other side is going to say.Chip in $3 if you agree.
They are going to label us "socialists" no matter what. So we should just do what we think is right and not worry so much about what the other side is going to say.Chip in $3 if you agree.
They are going to label us "socialists" no matter what. So we should just do what we think is right and not worry so much about what the other side is going to say.Chip in $3 if you agree.
We should do what we think is right, make the case for it—and not worry so much about what the other side is going to say.Chip in $3 if you agree.
We should do what we think is right, make the case for it—and not worry so much about what the other side is going to say.Chip in $3 if you agree.
They are going to label us "socialists" no matter what. So we should just do what we think is right and not worry so much about what the other side is going to say.Chip in $3 if you agree.
They are going to label us "socialists" no matter what. So we should just do what we think is right and not worry so much about what the other side is going to say.Chip in $3 if you agree.
We should do what we think is right, make the case for it--and not worry so much about what the other side is going to say.Chip in $3 if you agree.
We should do what we think is right, make the case for it--and not worry so much about what the other side is going to say.Chip in $3 if you agree.
Mike Pompeo's new Commission on Unalienable Rights is led by LGBTQ and women’s rights opponents. He justifies this in the name of religion. Religious liberty is about acceptance and respect. U.S. foreign policy must be based on American values—rooted in all human rights.
 Thanks for joining us (and braving the heat) on Saturday! There are a lot of ways for you to be involved, and we need young folks just like you stepping up and talking to their friends and neighbors! Text IOWA to 25859 for more on how you can help.
It’s time for Governor Rosselló to resign and allow the process of healing to begin. Now more than ever, Puerto Ricans deserve a leader they can trust. The people of Puerto Rico have my full support.
 Asked about teacher pay in Shenandoah, finished his answer with “We ought to honor our teachers a little…
Tackling the threat of our changing climate likely won’t culminate in a single moment—like planting a flag on the moon. But in 50 years, let's be able to look at this season and say that we achieved an extraordinary feat—that we came together to beat the odds before all was lost.
Climate change is here. It is an existential threat to our way of life on this planet. This timetable isn't being set by D.C. It's set in reality—and the time to act was yesterday. To meet this once-in-a-generation challenge, we must be as bold in our time as Kennedy was in his.
As we stand on the verge of a new American era, it has never been more urgent that we summon that ambition again. From devastating hurricanes in Puerto Rico to raging infernos in California, we face the life-and-death challenge of a changing climate and climate disruption.
50 years ago today, Apollo 11 landed, a module hatch opened, and a man set foot on the moon. The  was a giant leap for humanity made possible by common purpose (and public initiative!) across a nation striving for the most ambitious possible goals.
Enter our debate contest before midnight tonight!We're flying a supporter (and guest) to Detroit to watch the debate in person. Flights, hotel, and tickets are on us! Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
Last call for the chance to watch the next Democratic debate in person! The deadline to enter is midnight tonight.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
The deadline to enter our debate contest is today! This is your last chance to be automatically entered for a chance to win a trip for you (and a guest) to Detroit to see the next Democratic debate in-person. Flights and hotel are on us!
Enter our debate contest before midnight tonight!We're flying a supporter (and guest) to Detroit to watch the debate in person. Flights, hotel, and tickets are on us! Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
Last call for the chance to watch the next Democratic debate in person! The deadline to enter is midnight tonight.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
The deadline to enter our debate contest is today! This is your last chance to be automatically entered for a chance to win a trip for you (and a guest) to Detroit to see the next Democratic debate in-person. Flights and hotel are on us!
Enter our debate contest before midnight tonight!We're flying a supporter (and guest) to Detroit to watch the debate in person. Flights, hotel, and tickets are on us! Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
Enter our debate contest before midnight tonight!We're flying a supporter (and guest) to Detroit to watch the debate in person. Flights, hotel, and tickets are on us! Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
Last call for the chance to watch the next Democratic debate in person! The deadline to enter is midnight tonight.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
The deadline to enter our debate contest is today! This is your last chance to be automatically entered for a chance to win a trip for you (and a guest) to Detroit to see the next Democratic debate in-person. Flights and hotel are on us!
Enter our debate contest before midnight tonight!We're flying a supporter (and guest) to Detroit to watch the debate in person. Flights, hotel, and tickets are on us! Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
Enter our debate contest before midnight tonight!We're flying a supporter (and guest) to Detroit to watch the debate in person. Flights, hotel, and tickets are on us! Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
The deadline to enter our debate contest is today! This is your last chance to be automatically entered for a chance to win a trip for you (and a guest) to Detroit to see the next Democratic debate in-person. Flights and hotel are on us!
The deadline to enter our debate contest is today! This is your last chance to be automatically entered for a chance to win a trip for you (and a guest) to Detroit to see the next Democratic debate in-person. Flights and hotel are on us!
Last call for the chance to watch the next Democratic debate in person! The deadline to enter is midnight tonight.Please chip in any amount to be automatically entered.
 Appreciate my friend visiting us at this week. Pete’s campaign did a short video of the tour: 
It's deeply disappointing that today turned his back on New Hampshire workers by vetoing a prevailing wage for construction workers. We need an economy where everyone has a role and everyone can succeed—and that includes a living wage. 
Thanks for having me! See you next week. 
   
To come of age in the 21st century is to see virtually every major prediction and policy advanced by the Republican Party in your adult lifetime fail before your eyes. Nothing they say actually works in the real world. 
I'm proud to belong to a generation that is the largest and most diverse ever. We have the power to shape politics for the half-century to come. I'm joining the annual convention to talk about just that. Tune in now: 
When the people of Puerto Rico speak, we must listen. I stand in solidarity with the people of  as they continue to demand transparency and accountability. Our fellow U.S. citizens deserve a government they can trust.
What issues are most important to you?As our movement to confront the defining challenges of our time grows, it's important we hear from supporters like you about what's on your mind. Please take a moment to fill out our survey today.
What issues are most important to you?As our movement to confront the defining challenges of our time grows, it's important we hear from supporters like you about what's on your mind. Please take a moment to fill out our survey today.
What issues are most important to you?As our movement to confront the defining challenges of our time grows, it's important we hear from supporters like you about what's on your mind. Please take a moment to fill out our survey today.
What issues are most important to you?As our movement to confront the defining challenges of our time grows, it's important we hear from supporters like you about what's on your mind. Please take a moment to fill out our survey today.
Our campaign is focused on addressing the issues that impact your life. Please take a moment to answer our survey and tell us what's most important to you.
Our campaign is focused on addressing the issues that impact your life. Please take a moment to answer our survey and tell us what's most important to you.
Our campaign is focused on addressing the issues that impact your life. Please take a moment to answer our survey and tell us what's most important to you.
 Thanks! I'm looking forward to the conversation.
We can do many things at once. This morning that means standing with and her colleagues in the face of racist attacks—AND standing with her and to  today.
Today, Congress has an opportunity to put people before corporate profits. Americans on both sides of the aisle support a higher minimum wage. No one should work 40 hours in America and live in poverty. It’s time to 
Wage stagnation is not an accident. Republicans have worked alongside their corporate sponsors for decades to keep pay low while increasing profits. And the GOP tax plan only made it worse by giving 83% of its benefits to the top 1% of earners.
The  Act would give 40 million American workers a raise (that’s two-thirds of America’s working poor, most of whom are people of color) and lift 18 million children out of poverty. In Iowa alone, 63,000 single parents would get a raise.
This morning, the House will vote on the  Act, a bill that would raise the minimum wage to $15 and lift millions of Americans out of poverty. As a mayor from the industrial Midwest, I know a raise in wages is long overdue. The American people agree.
This is a day for doing more than one thing at a time. We must denounce and reject the president’s racist demagoguery—without letting him deny attention to today’s extremely important vote on the minimum wage.
 JUST IN: will join the Presidential Candidates Forum at the 110th  on Wednesday, July 24. Submit…
 Showed off to my friends and today. So proud of the team here and the work we do!…
I'm thinking about Wayne Wilson, a veteran and son of Michiana who was laid to rest today. Mr. Wilson bravely served in Vietnam and belongs to a generation of heroes who more than deserve our gratitude and respect. He has no surviving relatives but he has us—and we honor him. 
I thought I was one of the last people turning off the lights when I left Afghanistan. That was five years ago, and we’re still arguing about how to get out.
 “Those who served in the Afghanistan conflict understand just how hard it is to end a conflict. I thought I was one of the la…
We're flying one lucky supporter (and a guest) to Detroit to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us. Please chip in any amount today to be automatically entered.
We're flying one lucky supporter (and a guest) to Detroit to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us. Please chip in any amount today to be automatically entered.
We're flying one lucky supporter (and a guest) to Detroit to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us. Please chip in any amount today to be automatically entered.
We're flying one lucky supporter (and a guest) to Detroit to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us. Please chip in any amount today to be automatically entered.
Jesimya is dead because America is the only industrialized country in the world that doesn’t treat health care as a human right. I will fight for a fairer, more just health care system—and I'll do it with Jesy in mind. My condolences are with his family. 
"We're flying one lucky supporter (and a guest) to Detroit to watch the next debate in person! Flights and hotel are on us. Please chip in any amount today to be automatically entered."
Mayors are on the front lines of climate change, but we can’t do it alone. Today's testimony from five of my colleagues is a call for national government to start catching up to the excellent work happening locally. 
Justice Stevens was a judicial giant, a son of the Midwest who became one of the most influential jurists on the Court. His reverence for the law—and appreciation for how its practice must evolve to strengthen our democracy—inspires us all. My thoughts are with his family. 
 Today, Mayor was in Kansas City ; took time to meet with workers in the  As he sai…
Thank you to IUPAT DC 91 for inviting me to sit down and talk about issues that matter to working families. Today, more than ever, it's important for us to stand up for organized labor and the quality union apprenticeships at the heart of these organizations. 
I've spent years working with South Bend City Clerk to build a more transparent and inclusive South Bend, and I'm honored to receive her endorsement at tonight's  event! 
Employees of the company run by the richest person on earth should not have to demand safe, reliable, and fair working conditions. Today, workers in MN took a stand for fair labor practices, respect, and pathways for promotion for communities of color. I stand with them. 
For nearly two decades, we have used military force in too many situations and too often without Congressional approval. I applaud House passage of amendment repealing the 2002 AUMF — it's time for Congress to step up to its responsibilities on the powers of war. 
Instead of cutting a ribbon, we de-coupled a firehose. The design features of this new station promote sustainability, gender equity, and cancer prevention, making it an example of how local communities can lead the way on these issues. 
 On the latest Recode Decode, Mayor talks with about systemic racism against black Americans, reg…
 Ten Democratic presidential candidates took the stage Sunday afternoon in 90-degree weather to address would-be Iowa cau…
We're not going to win playing his game. We're going to do something completely different — we're going to talk about our values and we're going to talk about your lives. 
Right now the president is mobilizing federal agents to tear families apart in American cities. Don't tell me that they're the party of faith, or family, or freedom - not when they're acting like this in the White House. 
The flag I saluted when I was in uniform, the flag to which we pledge allegiance, represents a nation that honors the voices of those who call for justice—and we know this to be among the truer acts of loyalty to the republic for which it stands.
There’s nothing new about denying the belonging of those who call our nation to its highest values and criticize those in power. Those who launch such attacks reveal that they do not understand what is greatest about America.
As an immigrant and a citizen, my dad cared deeply about this country. Once, when he was speaking at a campus protest against Reagan’s accommodation of apartheid, a passing student noticed Dad’s brown skin and unique accent and called out: “go home!” He answered: “I am home.”
Every person in this country has rights—and it’s important that you know yours.If you believe you or someone you know could be targeted by today’s  read the resources below and make a plan.If you’re an ally, call Congress or join a protest. 
Today, as many gather to hear Sunday messages about our responsibility to welcome the stranger, this president is carrying out ICE raids designed to tear families apart, divide our communities, and further his extreme agenda.  will not make us safer—time for real reform.
An auditorium full of high school students, pulling off a giant silent ovation to support a classmate with severe autism, makes me think of what might happen if the American people could summon this level of compassion and cooperation. 
  on Democrats: “Sometimes we get so caught up in explaining why our policy is better designed than the oth…
“Continue to remember those in prison as if you were together with them in prison, and those who are mistreated as if you yourselves were suffering.” (Heb 13:3) 
My condolences are with the family of Héctor Figueroa. As president of America's largest property services union, Héctor worked tirelessly to protect labor rights and further the well-being of his members and workers everywhere. His service benefited us all—and he will be missed. 
From abolishing the death penalty to restoring voting rights for those who’ve been incarcerated, we need a more just justice system. 
Until we live in a country where the criminal justice system really delivers justice, all of us are worse off. 
Let’s clear the way for a Community Health Corps to help people dealing with addiction and mental health challenges. 
America rebuilt Europe after WWII with the Marshall Plan. Now we need that same level of investment right here at home with the Douglass Plan. If we do not tackle systemic racism and racial inequality, it will unravel the entire American project. 
Thinking about all those in New Orleans and the Gulf region impacted by flooding and Tropical Storm Barry. Thank you to our first responders and all those serving these communities in this difficult moment. If you need assistance, please contact 
China is oppressing millions of Muslim Uighurs and eroding freedoms in Hong Kong. Meanwhile, this White House is reportedly willing to stay silent and withhold sanctions in exchange for trade concessions. America's commitment to dignity and religious freedom must not be for sale.
 We applaud for putting forward this proposal which addresses partisan and racial gerrymandering, among ot…
 “It is part of the political process that candidates, especially candidates who are not candidates of color… explain to black au…
 "It sounds like a face-saving way to recognize that he’s been on the wrong side of the law throughout."Presidential candidate…
 Coming up, interviews presidential candidate   
 We are pleased to learn of Mayor  proposal to reform myriad racist US polic…
  wants the federal government to invest more in the Black community. 
 I'm glad to see release a thoughtful plan, named after the great abolitionist and Marylander Frederick Doug…
 I'm really impressed with Douglass plan released today. It's thoughtful, comprehensive, and rooted in…
 Buttigieg's 'Douglass Plan’ includes increasing federal resources by $25 billion for HBCUs ; other minority institutions;…
 There is a whole lot to take in here, an ambitious, wide-ranging plan to address racism, racial disparities, and other ra…
 Pete Buttigieg on his "Douglass Plan": "This is not a gift. This is a restoration. It is trying to address generational harms and…
 In exclusive new interview, tells about his new plan to address systemic racism and what his ti…
If we don’t tackle racial injustice in my lifetime, it will upend the American Project in my lifetime. If the Marshall Plan could rebuild Europe, I believe the Douglass Plan could renew America. Text DOUGLASS to 25859 to learn more and join our call for restorative justice.
Named after American hero Frederick Douglass, this plan demands we take aggressive steps toward fulfilling long-broken promises of true equality, including reforming broken systems, strengthening access to credit, and injecting capital into the Black community.
I’m proud to share with you the Douglass Plan, our proposal for comprehensively and intentionally dismantling racist structures and systems, fueled by an investment of unprecedented scale in the freedom and self-determination of Black Americans: 
By sharing their moving stories, these women demonstrate that all women should have the freedom to make deeply personal decisions about their reproductive health without judgment or political interference. 
 Honoring victory means amending the Amateur Sports Act and dismantling the monopoly U.S. Soccer has in America. Our government should be in the business of making sure all Americans get equal pay for equal work, not creating monopolies for entities that underpay women.
Congratulations to the You've raised the bar for all athletes and made America proud. You are an example to millions, especially women and girls who see themselves in each of you.  
Our democracy is on the ballot in 2020—and taking back the Senate is key to restoring it. I’m grateful to for her years of service and thrilled to see her candidacy. 
Republicans are putting health care for over 20 million Americans in jeopardy with their latest attack on the Affordable Care Act. Instead of restricting access, we should be expanding health care with Medicare for All Who Want It.
We are saddened by the terrible accident that took the life of Officer Wiegand’s young daughter, and the city is holding this family in our hearts. 
  just became the first presidential candidate to accept the  presidential challeng…
You’re not free if you can be kicked out of school or lose your job if somebody says your hair is a distraction. Hair discrimination is racial discrimination.  
Freedom comes from economic empowerment. And when women of color account for nearly half of all women-owned businesses—over $386 billion in annual revenue—that means lifting up Black women not just with our words, but with our dollars.  
Black women aren’t just the backbone of the Democratic Party, they are the bone and sinew that make our democracy whole. When Black women mobilize, outcomes change.  
 “We have seen time and time again, especially in the last couple elections, that when Black women mobilize, outcomes change, a…
Congratulations to the on a record-breaking FOUH world championship. You’re inspiring millions, including the next generation of champions, who should not have to fight for equal pay.  
USA!
Everyone at Pete for America is cheering on the as they try for their fourth championship. Their talent, grit, and energy have already inspired millions. Go Team USA!
My thoughts are with all those affected by this week’s earthquakes in Southern California and throughout the region. Thankful to our first responders and appreciative of those stepping up to serve their communities in this time of need.
 Top Democratic contenders in the 2020 Presidential race are coming to 
I’m saddened to hear that Miss Major has suffered a stroke. She was at Stonewall on June 28, 1969, and she's been on the frontlines of the fight for trans equality ever since. She says she wants to “care for all people.” Join me in helping to care for her: 
Today in 1852, Frederick Douglass delivered an Independence Day message of hope and truth. May his words remind us of our past—and call on each of us to build a country in which justice, liberty, prosperity, and independence are extended to all. 
Thrilled to be with Storm Lake this morning celebrating Independence Day. Thanks for the warm welcome. Happy Fourth of July! 
A new generation of American youth, bound by mutual service and sacrifice, aware of the common values that bind all Americans, and imbued with an appreciation of the effort required to maintain a democracy can help heal a divided nation. 
Creating new pathways to serve will bridge divides and drive solutions, allowing Americans from different backgrounds to form new connections while tackling our biggest challenges. 
A "New Call to Service" is a bold plan to dramatically increase pathways to service for all Americans. That’s why it calls for competitive grant funding to allow America's towns, cities, and regions to create opportunities tailored to meet the challenges facing local communities. 
The greatest lesson I learned while overseas in Afghanistan was learning to put my faith in people completely different from me. It was a life-changing experience–one I wish more Americans had. I don’t believe you should have to go to war in order to have that kind of experience. 
A great unwinding of American civic society is underway. Trust in our institutions and our fellow citizens is reaching record-lows. We need bold plans to renew our democracy. That’s why we're proposing "A New Call to Service," a plan to expand service opportunities in three ways. 
I am proposing "A New Call to Service," a plan to dramatically expand service opportunities across the country. By shaping a new generation bonded by the experience of serving, it will not only deliver good work but also help repair the social fabric in our nation. 
Tune in at 6 pm ET to watch live as Mayor Pete discusses his new policy proposal, "A New Call to Service," live from Sioux City.  
'A New Call to Service' will dramatically expand service opportunities across the country — it will not only deliver good work, but will also help repair our nation. Watch and learn more:  
 Now this is a big bold initiative for today’s challenges of climate change ; mental health that can succeed b/c young ppl…
I'm outraged by these photos — all Americans should be. Children without access to showers, sleeping on concrete floors. 51 women in a juvenile cell built for 40. 88 men in a cell built for 41. What’s being done to them is being done in our name and with our money.  
 NEW: will announce a national service policy during his latest trip to Iowa, one that he said is aimed at c…
 Pete Buttigieg proposed a major expansion of voluntary national service programs that aims to attract 250,000 Americans in…
 Thank you, for this call to  It is an honor to have model referenced in your 
 So inspired by policy proposal for national service - awesome opportunity to bring our country together and g…
 Great to see that Mayor has released a plan to dramatically expand national service opportunities like
I am proposing A New Call to Service—a plan to dramatically expand service opportunities across the country. Shaping a new generation bonded by the experience of serving will not only deliver good work, but also help repair the social fabric in our nation. 
 has gone from viral sensation to groundbreaking musician. As a fan, I’m thrilled and inspired to see him standing in his truth as a member of the LGBTQ community. Welcome to the family!  
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 was a major step toward equality for all under the law, but there is still a long road ahead. Let us celebrate its 55th anniversary by working anew to dismantle all forms of structural racism and make the promise of equality real for every American. 
Thank you to the over 400,000 of you who have invested in this campaign, and who helped us raise over $24,800,000 this quarter alone. You inspire us every step of the way, and we're just getting started. Text SHOWUP to 25859 to keep the momentum going! 
 celebrates a movement that traces back to the courage of trans women of color 50 years ago this weekend. Brooklyn Lindsey is the 11th Black trans woman murdered this year, and her death is a stark reminder that our work is far from over. 
At the G20 this week once again abdicated leadership on the climate crisis. Climate change is real and we’re feeling the impacts now — America needs to lead if we’re going to deliver real global climate solutions. 
 1 month ago, I launched this campaign from my childhood home.🏡Since then, y’all stepped *up* and we launched a movemen…
It's been a great few months! From launching our campaign in South Bend in April to the debate stage in Miami in June, I'm so grateful to this community we are building for being there every step of the way. Please chip in $3 by midnight and we will send you a sticker!
Absolutely. We need a nationwide licensing and registration system, but that's not nearly enough. We must implement universal background checks, ban military-style assault weapons and high-capacity magazines, and hold the gun industry accountable. 
The presidential competitive field is stronger because Kamala Harris has been powerfully voicing her Black American experience. Her first-generation story embodies the American dream. It’s long past time to end these racist, birther-style attacks. 
Today’s faith-led Peace Walk was a reminder of our shared commitment across South Bend to ending violence and delivering a future where everyone is safe. 
I'm honored to have your support. My candidacy is possible only because of the hard work and sacrifice of LGBTQ activists who stood up for change 50 years ago today, and the leaders who continue that fight for equality at organizations like  
 In South Carolina, our volunteer Kadedra asked if he would commit to cutting the federal prison population by 50%.…
 "As somebody who trained on weapons of war, I can tell you, there are weapons that have absolutely no place in American citi…
I would not have been on the debate stage without supporters like you who have invested in building this community from the beginning.Please chip in $3 before our end-of-quarter deadline on June 30th and we will send you an official Pete for America sticker!
I would not have been on the debate stage without supporters like you who have invested in building this community from the beginning.Please chip in $3 before our end-of-quarter deadline on June 30th and we will send you an official Pete for America sticker!
I would not have been on the debate stage without supporters like you who have invested in building this community from the beginning.Please chip in $3 before our end-of-quarter deadline on June 30th and we will send you an official Pete for America sticker!
 Thanks for stepping up. We need diverse, talented, committed applicants and officers. I’ll be rooting for you!
 Buttigieg: "For a party that associates itself with Christianity to say it is okay to suggest that God would smile on the division…
 "We should call out hypocrisy when we see it." speaks out against the GOP, saying the party likes to "cloak…
I just got off stage from the first  hope I made you proud. What is at stake right now is not just the next four years, not just the outcome of one election, but the shape of a new American era. If you can, please consider donating tonight: 
Text DEBATE to 25859 right now to be a part of the team that will win the era.
Let’s write a new American chapter. 
If more guns made us safer, we'd be the safest country on earth.  
We have no idea which of our most important allies will have pissed off worse between now and when he leaves office.  
I want to be able to look back on these years and say, my generation delivered climate solutions, racial equality, and an end to endless war. Help me deliver that new generation to Washington before it's too late.  
Grantham, NH; Arlington, VA; San Gabriel Valley, CA; Portland, OR 
Climate change isn't theoretical. Parts of California are on fire, in Florida they're talking about sea level rise. In South Bend I had to activate the emergency operation center twice in two years: the first time was a 1000-year flood, the next was a 500-year flood.  
 
We have to fix our democracy before it’s too late. If we get that right, climate, immigration, taxes - everything gets better.  
 2020 presents a real opportunity for our nation to elect a leader who will run toward, not away from, the toughest challe…
If you believe in the bold vision you're hearing tonight, please consider making a contribution right now: 
If you’re with me, text CLIMATE to 25859 to join our fight to combat climate change and climate disruption, protect our communities, and  
Freedom means being able to make decisions about your reproductive health based on what’s right for you.  
Tariffs are taxes, and Americans are going to pay on average $800 more a year because of these tariffs.  
For a party that associates itself with Christianity to say it is okay to suggest that God would smile on the division of families at the hands of federal agents, that God would condone putting children in cages, has lost all claim to ever use religious language.  
We do ourselves no favors by having 11 million undocumented people in our country unable to access health care, but of course the real problem is we shouldn't have 11 million undocumented people with no pathway to citizenship.  

The American people want a pathway to citizenship. They want protections for DREAMers. 
Freedom means not having to choose between health care and financial survival. 
It needs to be more affordable in this country to go to college. It also needs to be more affordable in this country to not go to college. 

Let’s make a medicare-type public option available on the exchange and invite people to buy into it. If corporate insurers don’t lower costs to deliver something better than what is available today, competition will create the glide path toward Medicare for All.  

Lincoln, NE; Merrimack, NH; and Mesa, AZ  
Big hello to Tempe, AZ' Iowa City, IA; and Neenah, WI!  
Thousands of people from across America signed up to host watch parties tonight. These grassroots supporters are the backbone of our campaign and we couldn't do it without them.
It's time for a new generation of American leadership. Tonight I'll share my vision for how we'll win the era. I hope you'll tune in to the  at 9 pm ET. 
I've got your back, and I hope you've got mine. Tune into  tonight at 9 pm ET on and 
The Supreme Court stopped this Administration from adding a citizenship question to the census, which would have resulted in the undercounting of millions of people. This is a victory, but the fight for the most accurate count possible goes on. 
Help us hit our goal of an additional 10,000 grassroots donations today, to help power our campaign all the way to the White House. Please chip in $3 today to be one of them and get an official Pete for America sticker!
Help us hit our goal of an additional 10,000 grassroots donations today, to help power our campaign all the way to the White House. Please chip in $3 today to be one of them and get an official Pete for America sticker!
Help us hit our goal of an additional 10,000 grassroots donations to help power our campaign all the way to the White House. Please chip in $3 today to be one of them and get an official Pete for America sticker!
A child fleeing violence should have nothing to fear from the greatest country in the world. We have to fix this. 
From employment and housing discrimination to adoption services to hate-crime legislation, the battle for equality is not over. But today is the anniversary of three important civil rights victories, and it’s important to acknowledge just how far we’ve come.
It wasn’t until June 26, 2015 that nine men and women sat down in a room and took a vote and brought me one of the most important freedoms in my life — the right to spend my life married to
Ten years to the day later, the Supreme Court struck down the Defense of Marriage Act and declared that the federal government couldn’t restrict the right to marriage based on gender. Another important step, but it was still an incomplete victory.
On this day in 2003, the Supreme Court reaffirmed one of the most important rights in America: the right to privacy, especially in our most intimate spaces. Lawrence v. Texas changed the lives of millions, but it was only a single step.
When the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act, they opened up a wave of voter suppression unseen since Jim Crow. On the 6th anniversary of Shelby v. Holder, let's recommit to one-person, one-vote for everyone, regardless of race.
Appreciate city personnel addressing storm damage and traffic control after this evening’s tornado and thankful that as of now no injuries have been reported. 
We’ve got a lot to talk about as a city. I hope community members will join us at at Washington High School for the town hall beginning shortly.
Happy Birthday to who makes every day a better one. 
Chasten's birthday is coming up! One of the great joys over the past few months has been getting to see people across the country fall in love with him just like I did.I hope you'll sign the card and help make this his best birthday yet!
Chasten's birthday is coming up! One of the great joys over the past few months has been getting to see people across the country fall in love with him just like I did.I hope you'll sign the card and help make this his best birthday yet!
Chasten's birthday is coming up! One of the great joys over the past few months has been getting to see people across the country fall in love with him just like I did.I hope you'll sign the card and help make this his best birthday yet!
Chasten's birthday is coming up! One of the great joys over these past months has been getting to see people all over the country fall in love with him just like I did.I hope you'll sign the card and help make this his best birthday yet!
The  “gag rule” flies in the face of freedom. This decision threatens health care for millions, especially low-income Americans who depend on this funding for preventive services, primary care, and treatment. We need comprehensive, unbiased care. We must 
Refugees are looking for opportunity, not a hand out. It's time to change the conversation around refugees. A former Sudanese refugee turned entrepreneur founded to be that change and give back to those left behind. Let’s follow his example this  
Our city is hurting. But as we act on our shared commitment to justice and safety, together we will find healing. 
We must remember those lost at the Emanuel AME Church, but we must also recommit ourselves to policies to end the scourge of white supremacist terrorism. Each of us is responsible for helping our country along the path towards justice, equality, and compassion. 
 Missing one and holding the other close today. Beyond grateful for everything you’ve given us. Happy Father’s Day, dad…
“Tell him to be alone often and get at himselfand above all tell himself no lies about himself...”Happy Father’s Day from one grateful son. 
This thread says it all. Seven years ago, DACA allowed many undocumented immigrants to participate more fully in American life. We need to go further and create for them, and the other undocumented immigrants living here, a path to citizenship. 
My Justice Department will be empowered to reach its own conclusions. Two things are true and clear. One, nobody is above the law. And two, the prosecutorial process should have nothing to do with politics. 
If you think there's a foreign effort to tamper with an American election, and you're an American who cares about America, you call the FBI. This shouldn't be hard. 
 On this day in 2012, President Obama announced the DACA program and changed the lives of over 800,000 immigrant youth.…
 When asked what he would do if somebody offered him campaign dirt on an opponent, says “you wouldn’t do an…
One year ago I married the love of my life. I’m so thankful I found you, Chasten, and can’t wait to spend the rest of our life together. 
 Mayor and Democratic presidential candidate, Pete Buttigieg will be taking the stage at the Black Economic Alliance Presidential F…
From Mason City to Davenport and Des Moines to Cedar Rapids, Iowans sure know how to make a candidate feel like home. Thanks and see you soon. 
Wages have not kept up with the costs of health care, housing, and education. We need to raise the minimum wage to $15 and rebuild union membership for an economy where all workers can thrive.  
After flipping 15 seats last election, Democrats are two seats away in each chamber from control of the legislature. No more treating the presidency like it’s the only office that matters. 
I'm in Virginia meeting with supporters this weekend, and there's no better time to bring attention to the need to  this November.
I support the downtown Detroit workers who are standing up for union rights so they can have a voice in the workplace and a seat at the table.   
Admire the honor and courage of publicly sharing his story of dealing with PTSD. Lives are saved when we break the silence around mental health. 
 TONIGHT on Pete Buttigieg pitches his  the next installment in "My Big Idea," a series…
 State Sen. Adam Ebbin and Del. Mark Keam endorse Pete Buttigieg for president ahead of the South Bend mayor's appearance Satur…
It doesn’t matter how you get there… 
At least one out of every three people living on tribal lands lacks high-speed internet, cutting them off from the modern world — any infrastructure plan must include indigenous voices and needs.
Change will not just happen. We need Congress to deliver on common-sense gun laws supported by an American majority, like universal background checks and a ban on military-style assault weapons. And we need every state to pass a hate crimes law.
Today we honor those lost at  It wasn’t an attack on just one community–it was an attack on LGBTQ Americans, Latinx Americans, and Black Americans. It was an attack on people who look like me, and an attack on people who look nothing like me. It was an attack on all of us.
It was moving to witness part of today’s march as clergy from to Rabbi to the surrounded by lay people also motivated by faith and values, gathered against this Administration’s repeated attacks on the vulnerable. 
President Trump and this Administration have stripped rights from the vulnerable, attacked the poor, and hurt our immigrant communities. The has assembled an interfaith coalition of leaders who are demanding a change.
An important thing happened today in Washington as  and bore witness to the call of various faith traditions to speak out against injustice, to “rescue victims from their exploiters.” 
 Good conversation yesterday with   on   
 As extremist leaders driven by the idols of racism, greed and power continue to break the covenant, faith leaders are march…
Replacing racist policies with neutral ones will not deliver equality. Instead, we must actively work to reverse the persistent inequalities that have compounded over hundreds of years. They hold back our economy and corrode the American soul.
Rejoining the Paris Agreement is just the beginning.Add your name if you agree: the world needs America to lead on climate.
The world needs an America free from entrapment in endless war and prepared to focus on future threats. 
The world needs America to lead on climate. 

We must put an end to endless war and refocus on future threats. We must promote American values by working to reverse the rise of authoritarianism abroad. We must treat climate change as the existential security challenge it is. 


Join us live from Bloomington, Indiana for a discussion on national security for a new era: 
Inspiring to see so many in Hong Kong marching peacefully this weekend. We must continue America’s commitment to Hong Kong’s openness, democratic values, and judicial independence.
Thanks to everyone who turned out for our picnic in Cedar Rapids before the Hall of Fame dinner. 
Suppressing intelligence on a major threat won’t make it go away. Climate disruption is the mounting global security crisis of our time, and history will judge how we rise to meet this challenge. 
 My heart fell to the pit of my stomach when I clicked the hashtag and found panic instead of pride. Whether there was…
Ten years ago, Varnum v. Brien made Iowa only the third state to legalize marriage equality. Watching today's vow renewals and anniversary celebrations reminds us that love is love. 
Thousands of patients in Iowa are struggling thanks to a limited medical marijuana program that doesn’t meet their health care needs — the governor’s veto will only prolong their suffering.
Our campaign is guided by a set of values: respect, belonging, truth, teamwork, boldness, responsibility, substance, discipline, excellence, and joy. Will you commit to these values, too?
Matthew Shepard's death forced America to confront deadly homophobia. Lifting up the next generation of LGBTQ leaders is a tribute to his life and legacy. It was an honor to participate in last night's presentation of Iowa's Matthew Shepard Scholarships. 
Returning to Iowa always feels like coming home. If you're free this weekend, check out our list of events and join us on the campaign trail:  
Historically Black Colleges and Universities account for 80% of Black judges, 50% of Black lawyers, and 25% of Black STEM degrees — they deserve more dedicated financial support.
Just one week after performing at Obama's inauguration in 2013, Hadiya Pendleton was killed just blocks from her school. She was 15. Today we  to honor her and all victims of gun violence, and show unity around the insistence that this cannot remain our reality. 
 We’ve got an amazing field of Democratic candidates, but I find particularly inspiring and uniquely qualified…
When young black mothers are three times more likely to die in childbirth as white mothers, when diabetes and prostate cancer are more likely to go undiagnosed and to harm people in the black community, we know that freedom is being impaired because of racism in this country. 
Less than two generations ago, Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. implored America from this pulpit to live up to its values. I appreciate Ebenezer Baptist Church's Rev. taking the time to show me such an important piece of our history. 
 As Democrats, we are lucky to have such a strong field running for President. But I believe is uniquely qual…
Thanks to for having me. Tune in tonight at 11:00 pm ET on 
75 years ago, more than 156,000 Allied soldiers landed on Normandy Beach, including 73,000 Americans. It was their bravery that helped turn the tide against Nazism and Fascism abroad. To honor their heroism, let us continue to stand for freedom and democracy, abroad and at home.
Proud of our South Bend Youth Task Force members. Five years of students have helped give youth a voice in our community. 
 From firefighter graduation to Future of Work, the Mayor’s Office is on the move this morning! 
Dozens of children, already traumatized by forced separation, were left in vans for two nights during this Administration’s botched family reunifications — the cruelty and incompetence on display here is unconscionable.
Today we honor those who sacrificed their lives and livelihoods for freedom and democracy in Tiananmen Square. And for those still fighting, from the Uighurs of Xinjiang to China’s courageous activists, publishers, lawyers, students, and feminists: We see you. We're with you.
 In our new series '20 Questions for 2020,' we talk to the candidates to find out who they are, why they’re running, ; wher…
When politicians are allowed to pick their constituents, they too often place themselves beyond accountability — that's why I'm joining and taking pledge to support fair districts and end manipulation.
 to all those celebrating — may you and your families rejoice on this Eid al-Fitr.
We are living in racist systems today. And that's why in entrepreneurship, in homeownership, in health, in education, of course in criminal justice -- that we have to systematically reverse that. 
By the way, a tariff is a tax. So if you ever believe the Republicans don't raise taxes, that's what they're doing right now. 
"If you’re elected President of the United States, what would you say to Vladimir Putin the first time you met him?" - don’t mess with our elections." 
 10 minutes until our  town hall with  here in Fresno 
Our campaign team gathered in South Bend last week to ground ourselves in our values. This hardworking, talented, and diverse group of colleagues is ready to win the era. And our team is growing — join us:  
Thanks to leaders like Marsha P. Johnson and Harvey Milk, I have faith in the possibility of change and growth in this country. There is still more work to do, but let us take a moment and celebrate the gains we've made this 
 1/ Happy  year, is celebrating 50 years of  and two momentous anniversaries in  history: the 5…
 "There is no such thing as an honest politics that revolves around the word 'again.'" - 
 MONDAY: Pete Buttigieg joins us live from for a Hardball town hall. Tune in at 7 PM ET on MSNBC. 
Another horrific shooting shocks the nation, this time in Virginia Beach. We grieve with those impacted even as we await more information. Already, this much is clear: it is unacceptable for America to remain the only developed country where this is routine. We must act.
Thanks to everyone who came out for tonight’s Mayor’s Night Out at covering everything from potholes to workforce development. South Bend’s strong level of civic involvement and participation was on full display! 
NH today sent a clear message on criminal justice reform. The death penalty as applied in America has always been a discriminatory practice, and the country would be fairer and safer if we joined the ranks of modern nations who have abolished it. 
The census is not a sexy topic, but this is serious. There’s further evidence of partisan and racial motivations behind this tampering. It’s another attack on fair democracy, and it matters. 
This is not a show. Our military is not a prop. Ships and sailors are not to be toyed with for the benefit of a fragile president’s ego. 
 Matthew 25:35-36 For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I w…
This is as close to an impeachment referral as it gets. Robert Mueller could not clear the president, nor could he charge him — so he has handed the matter to Congress, which alone can act to deliver due process and accountability.
Congratulations to my friend on officially launching his campaign to unseat Lindsey Graham in SC. He will make a great Senator—and a positive change. 
A just economy depends on strong unions to defend working people. Proud of for standing up for their right to a union, fair wages, and affordable health care.  
 Tonight on  hosts from South Bend and talks to Tune in for his interview at 7 PM ET.…
 We asked Dem presidential candidates to honor the true meaning of today. Here is what they sent. We thank them all, and remem…
Memorial Day is set aside for remembering the war dead of this country. It's important for us to pause, step aside, and honor the sacrifice that makes American life possible. 
 Sunday mood 
 
 Pete Buttigieg to "It's a continuing horror show right now in Washington. And you have a president who has…
 Pete Buttigieg on President Trump: "You have somebody who thinks it's alright to let somebody go in his place into a deadl…
 Pete Buttigieg criticizes Pres. Trump’s meeting with Kim Jong Un, saying it gave North Korea “legitimacy.”“The way diplo…
In just the last year we’ve seen violations in states including Georgia, Texas, Ohio ; Florida. This week was the anniversary of a law that is, even now, being slowly chipped away. We cannot build a more perfect union unless we first build a democracy that includes every citizen.
But in the 2000s some states began violating the spirit and intention of the act — aggressively purging voter rolls, failing to register voters in communities of color, and ignoring accommodation requirements for the disabled. 
And by 1997 our country was on its way towards that goal. Voter registrations had increased to their highest levels in history. Every state covered by the act was using a uniform voter registration form and all of them were allowing registration by mail. 
When the bill was introduced and passed the following year, then President Clinton signed it. Voting rights advocates predicted at the time that the number of registered voters would eventually rise to over 90% after passage and implementation. 
The fight for passage was long. It was stalled in Congress for over a decade, some years not even making it out of committee — the 1 bill that did pass both chambers was vetoed by Pres. Bush for being ‘needless, costly, and constitutionally questionable.” 
26 years ago this week our nation passed the National Voter Registration Act (aka Motor Voter) with the express purpose of increasing “the number of eligible citizens who register to vote in elections for Federal office.” Its promise is still unfulfilled. 
I love South Bend 
 Buddy was very excited to watch dad on TV last night. 
The next president has got to establish a higher bar for what it will take to deploy military force. 
Our campaign is about forging a generational alliance of people of all ages who are focused on the future and believe it is time for a new generation to step forward.
We should be ending discrimination in health care, not encouraging it. This rollback would be an assault on transgender Americans and their ability to receive health care. We must fight to ensure equal access to health care. 
You don't have to like it, but one of the reasons we serve was to defend the right of peaceful protest and the idea that we can protest what is wrong with our country.
 Pete Buttigieg is now mingling with voters - and some cute dogs - at the Concord Farmers Market 
Pardoning war criminals, after or even before they have been tried by a jury of their military peers, would undermine order and discipline, corrode the foundation of American moral authority, and put future troops at risk.
Disabled students are twice as likely to be expelled and are more likely to be referred to the police, putting them in the same school-to-prison pipeline that ensnares students of color. Our kids deserve accommodation, not incarceration.
30 million students participate in the National School Lunch Program — instead of shaming our children for their lunch debts, we need to tackle the problem of food insecurity in America. 
If we’re talking about him, then we’re not talking about you. 
 Reproductive health care is health care — and health care is a human right. Thank you, for standing up to prot…
If we've learned anything from the last decade and a half of endless war, it's that you do not casually threaten military involvement. 
Proud to stand with McDonald's workers in the  and a union. 
 Mark your calendar: will visit The Washington Post's stage this Thursday for a live, one-on-one…
Harvey Milk would have been 89 today. We are forever indebted to him for showing the world what an out LGBTQ elected leader could do — a local official with global impact. Hope will never be silenced. 
We're heading to New Hampshire this Saturday for a day of action. Find an event near you and join us to build a movement around our vision for the future. 
 People are asking and YES we are livestreaming our sold-out talk with and on Wednesday night. Watch here…
Happy 154th Birthday to the City of South Bend!  
El país más poderoso del mundo no debería temerle a un niño que huye de la violencia, y más importante aún, un niño que huye de la violencia no le debería temer al país más poderoso del mundo.  
The places that attack women's reproductive rights are the same places where it's hard to get a living wage, and the same places where you're seeing voter suppression that seems to be directed at communities of color. All of these things are connected.  
Bullies want to get a reaction out of you because something else in their life isn't going well. It matters that we elect a president who doesn’t show that kind of behavior. 
Muhlaysia Booker is the 4th black trans woman murdered this year, but I fear she won't be the last—at least 26 were murdered last year alone. I’m praying for her family, but that's not enough. We need action to end these brutal attacks.None of us are free until we’re all free. 
Girls like C’alra are often judged prematurely, punished more harshly, and hamstrung by stereotypes older than this country — we must reverse the damage of past and present racism.
We are living on one of those blank pages in between chapters in American history. What comes next could be ugly – or it could be amazing.I hope you’ll join me in making sure that the next era is better than any that we’ve had so far:  
The flag I wore on my shoulder represented a country that was known for keeping its word. But with the president considering pardoning war criminals even after they have been tried by a jury of their peers, that is undermining American moral authority and putting troops at risk. 
Even though some of these hosts are not always there in good faith, I think a lot of people tune into this network in good faith. Whether it’s going on Fox or going into places where Democrats haven’t been seen much, we have to find people where they are–not change our values. 
The way folks responded to the Fox News Town Hall tonight shows that we can connect with people anywhere while standing firm on our values. Help us build a campaign that can compete everywhere and change the conversation:  
We have to make it less about him and more about what matters. That's the best way to defeat him.Add your name if you agree—and if you're ready to get to work to make that happen.
We have to make it less about him and more about what matters. That's the best way to defeat him. 
I believe that the right of a woman to make her own decisions about her reproductive health and about her body is a national right. I believe it is an American freedom that should be enjoyed by women in every state. The next president needs to be ready to protect those rights. 
 Very interesting: Buttigieg uses his Fox News town hall to call out Tucker Carlson and Laura Ingraham - by name - for comments…
 “It’s a moral office ; we’re missing that in today’s president” - Pete Buttigieg on (gasp)   
 Buttigieg on abortion in Fox News town hall: "I believe that the right of a woman to make her own decisions about her own repro…
 Don’t miss out on the second biggest television event tonight.Tune into at 7 PM ET for town hall…
This is not just about winning an election, it's about winning an era.Sign up to join our campaign and let's write a new chapter in the American story!
This is not just about winning an election, it's about winning an era.Sign up to join our campaign and let's write a new chapter in the American story!
If you are ready to turn the page and write a new chapter in the American story, please join our campaign and let's get to work!
If you are ready to turn the page and write a new chapter in the American story, please join our campaign and let's get to work!
We are running a different type of campaign. We won't fill your inbox with made up goals or invented deadlines. Instead, we are going to be honest and upfront about what it will take to build an organization that can compete for every vote.
The attacks on women’s reproductive freedoms show what the stakes are in this election. The next president needs to be the strongest president ever on women’s rights and equality and gender inclusion. 
Thanks to the work of thousands of activists, organizers, and voters, the Equality Act has in passed the House. This is a historic moment for equal rights in America. Now the bill goes to the Senate, and the time to call your Senator is now: (202) 224-3121
 We asked South Bend, Indiana Mayor how he'd approach reproductive rights as president. Here's what he had to s…
  is a human right, at every stage ; for every reason. We hope our state Senators will read Jenna King-Shepherd ; D…
Fleming Begaye Sr. was one of the last remaining Navajo Code Talkers, a group of soldiers whose language skills and patriotism helped us win World War II — his family is in our prayers.
The Alabama legislature is ignoring science, criminalizing abortion, and punishing women. Instead, the government's role should be to make sure all women have access to comprehensive affordable care, and that includes safe and legal abortion.
It’s time to end the forever wars. But in this White House, some of the same people who got us into Iraq now seem ready to stoke a new conflict. It’s another reason Congress must reassert its war powers. 
Immigrants and refugees are not a problem that we need to handle, they are an asset to our nation and an essential part of the fabric of this country — our policies must reflect that. 
Today we recognized South Bend Schools students committing to enter military service after high school. They deserve our thanks—and a commitment that this country take care of them, during and after their time in uniform. 
 Awww yeah, it's time to Slow Jam the News with Mayor Jimmy, and  
Quick reminder: a tariff is a tax. On Americans.
Wishing a speedy recovery to President Carter, and we will be praying for and thinking of him and Mrs. Carter today.
We are not all alike. But each of us can find, in our own identities, the building blocks for solidarity with others—and a shared commitment to the struggle for justice. 
Our greatest armor is truth and the truth is that no honest or constructive politics revolves around the word again. We're not going back. 
Behind this campaign are two incredible women who believe in their sons and a brighter future for their (someday!) grandchildren. Each of us is grateful for our Mom and Mom-in-law. We love you! 
 Powerful words from Mayor on the diversity of the LGBTQ community and the need for marginalized communities to join…
 "We can also see in our identity the beginning of a new form of American solidarity. By recognizing that the one thing we have in…
 Mayor on his campaign strategy for 2020.“We can't let this election be about…
 Great seeing my good friend and  classmate, Mayor this evening. He is in Vega…
 We organize as an act of hope. We do these things because we know they will make a difference — that’s what our democracy is all about. 
  on responding to attacks:"This is an election that's going to take enormous disci…
Measure EE lowers classroom sizes, raises teacher pay, and puts more nurses in schools — thanks to Mayor for inviting me today and thanks to and the for the work you’re doing on this issue. 
La política de "tolerancia cero" no funciona y ha reducido nuestra autoridad moral en nuestro país.
A woman has enough to deal with when it comes to her health care without also having to worry about male politicians telling her what she ought to do with her body. Georgia’s abortion ban is a cruel attack on women’s autonomy and freedom  — one that we must continue to resist.
 Yesterday we sipped whiskey and chatted with South Bend, Indiana Mayor (BOOT-edge-edge). He’s running for prez…
I’m standing in solidarity with and all those striking across the country today for livable wages, more job security, and regulated fares. We must raise the labor standards in this country. 
Congratulations James on winning the Democratic nomination for mayor tonight! He will help lead South Bend forward and continue building on the progress of the past eight years.
We have to solve the mass shooting epidemic. We — especially our students — should all feel safe in our communities. I’m praying for the students and families from STEM School Highlands Rach, and will not rest until we deliver common-sense gun reform.
These revelations add new outrage to the case of Sandra Bland. In the name of justice, the investigation into her arrest and death must be reopened. 
Local elections matter. Thanks to everyone who has already voted here today in South Bend — polls are open until 6 pm tonight.  
 What do you appreciate the most about your child’s teacher? If you’re a teacher, what do you wish folks appreciated mo…
 Watch full interview with about his sudden rise as a contender in the 2020 presidential race,…
Thanks for a great visit! Came away impressed with your institution, students, and staff as we discussed everything from support for HBCUs to the future of the military. 
Wishing a Ramadan Mubarak to all Muslims around the country and the world. The holiday’s themes of generosity, discipline, and community are timely this year, and every year.
 RFK’s tooth was chipped by supporter in South Bend before Indiana primary, this week 1968: 
I was humbled to meet with President Carter in Plains, Georgia today. He is a true public servant and America is blessed for his continuing leadership. 
 “I was packing my bags for Afghanistan while he was working on season 7 of Celebrity Apprentice. ... At the end of the day, it’s…
 shares personal story of a Dreamer he met today at Univ of Houston. She’s just as American as the rest o…
In so many ways, South Bend is our message. Thanks for the encouragement! 
Being involved in politics is an act of hope. Running for office is an act of hope. Sending money to somebody running for office is an act of hope.We are building a community that thinks hope is worth it. 
 Hi. Here’s a bit about me. 
 As the 2020 Presidential campaign heats up, don’t forget there are 50 state capitals where life and death decisions are mad…
We can Never Forget that our obligation to work towards religious freedom and social justice is both shared and personal.
Violent religious intolerance and racism are on the rise. We, people of any religion and of no religion, must ask ourselves what it means to live out our highest values.
As the world pauses to remember the Holocaust this Yom HaShoah, and as Americans are trying to come to grips with yet another despicable violent attack at a synagogue in San Diego, we pause to reflect on the deep and painful loss and the work that remains. 
Venezuela needs free and fair elections, not a unilateral US military intervention with no game plan or exit strategy. Our troops deserve a president who will set a high and clear standard for the use of military force. 
It’s time to honor the teaching profession with the support, compensation, and respect it deserves. We stand with educators in South Carolina and across the country as they rise up to demand better treatment and the freedom to do their job. 
It's long overdue for women to be represented in our Constitution. The equal rights amendment is a critical, overdue step towards gender equality.  
  sticks around for a  audience Q;A on domestic and foreign policy, his meeting with Rev.…
"We’re in this tectonic moment where things are changing around us. Something completely different is coming. It could be enlightened. It could be ugly. And people are looking for leadership that takes the long view.” 
 “I do think it’s simply harder for candidates of color or female candidates, I’m very mindful of that. t…
 THIS WEEK: and stop by! 
Appreciate inviting me to join today for lunch at Sylvia’s in Harlem, where we discussed inclusion in politics and a policy agenda for black Americans that includes economic, social, and political equity. 
 The lunch choice: Mac and cheese, fried chicken and collard greens.  
 Welcoming Democratic Presidential Candidate Mayor, South Bend, Indiana. 
He was never too important to make time for a young Hoosier public servant of either party. And I have never seen a Senator’s office so filled with books.
America has lost a true statesman in Dick Lugar. A great mayor, senator, and mentor, he made the world safer, stood up for better foreign policy, and knew how to work across the aisle. 
This Shabbat brings another deadly attack on Jews, at worship, on American soil. Whenever anyone comes to harm because of their faith, we are all diminished. We cannot rest until hate has no home.
This  I am thankful for the independent bookstores of America, from the places where I would discover new worlds as a child to South Bend’s newest arrival, Each is a treasure.
Remarkable example of how powerful one person can become when she forces a politician to answer for the concrete meaning of his votes and positions. 
Looking forward to returning to South Carolina as our outreach continues to broaden and accelerate. 
Delighted for you to join our talented and fast-growing team! 
 👋 
It may sound technical, but this really matters. A complete Census count is vital for our communities, and for fairness in political representation. The citizenship question will damage the accuracy of the Census. 
If we’re only talking about him, then folks at home feel like nobody’s talking about them. It’s hard to look away from a horror show. That’s just how it is. It’s mesmerizing. But we’ve got to figure out a way to change the channel. 
These are some of the toughest challenges in our country right now, and frankly they’re not problems you solve overnight. But I believe they’re problems that people with good will and a listening heart are able to make progress on. 
As much as I care about replacing this president and winning this election, I think what’s at stake right now is how to win not just an election, but an era. 
We know the outlines to comprehensive immigration reform. A pathway to citizenship, a level of protection for dreamers, a set of reforms to clear up the bureaucracy, and reasonable measures on border security. We know what to do. We don’t have the leadership in D.C to do it. 
 Mayor Buttigieg on dig from Trump official: I know bait when I see itDuring a CNN town hall, Buttigieg refused to engage when…
 Pete Buttigieg: "God doesn't have a political party"   
 Pete Buttigieg on President Trump: "I think he’s made it pretty clear he deserves impeachment"  
 Mayor Pete Buttigieg says Pres. Trump has “made it pretty clear that he deserves impeachment,” but adds he’ll leave it to Congre…
 Mayor Pete Buttigieg says he understands the student loan debt crisis on a personal level because he and his husband "live with si…
 Here's what Pete Buttigieg plans to do about immigration reform   
 Mayor Pete Buttigieg on whether he would support South Bend, Indiana, becoming a sanctuary city: "I regard us as a welcoming cit…
 Pete Buttigieg, the mayor of South Bend, Indiana, says there should be a "pathway to citizenship" for over 10 million undocument…
Glad to be back in New Hampshire for tonight's town hall. Join us at 11:00 pm ET. 
Hard to believe it’s my last year doing this as mayor—I love that our pride in the history of presidential politics on South Bend’s West Side played out in a new way today! 
Count me in! Young U.S. citizens seeking to exercise their civic rights and responsibilities should be encouraged, not suppressed. 
One of the best days of the year. It's an honor to celebrate Dyngus Day and Solidarity Day with the South Bend community. 
 EXCLUSIVE EAH DAY INTERVIEW WITH MAYOR PETE.  tells that climate change is now “in our…
My final opportunity as mayor to sign the annual ceremonial Kielbasa order. (Some local traditions are hard to explain.) Happy  and Solidarity Day to all! 
The killings in Sri Lanka shock us all. Near and far we have seen, many times now, rising terrorism against foreigners and against minorities in worship. America must help lead the world in resisting all such deadly hatred.
 Pete Buttigieg on the presidency as a "moral office"The South Bend, Ind. mayor, Afghanistan veteran and Rhodes scholar, wh…
Wishing a  to all celebrating today the promise of new life, the hope of redemption, and the triumph of love.
 Tough to pick just one but I’ll go with What Would You Say
This was a wonderful moment. I’ll be making sure to stay on Pat’s good side! 
So great.   
  visits South Bend to chat with Indiana Mayor and presidential candidate
Twenty years ago, when I was 17, the shootings at Columbine broke America’s heart. Today’s high schoolers have seen the same kind of horror at Parkland and elsewhere. If we don’t want to repeat this in 20 years, we must summon the courage to deliver common-sense gun reform.
See you there! 
Many thanks to the Lasky family for hosting us for Seder this evening. The Haggadah is filled with reminders of the universal aspiration for freedom in every era. 
 "America's middle class was built by organized labor. You’re sending a message that's going to ripple out far beyond 
 Navy veteran to Seth Meyers: "To see the way military families are being treated as props by this president is…
  arrives at in  and immediately starts speaking to striking workers.
While we remind voters that we're the ones trying to get a living wage, paid family leave, and healthcare, we must never budge on our bedrock commitment to racial and social justice because that is where our moral authority as a party comes from in the first place. 
If we really want to send Trumpism into the history books, the best thing we can do is defeat it decisively at the ballot box in 2020. 
 Zach, Nathan and Michael were incredible volunteers at the rally in Des Moines on Tuesday. They were greet…
 Mayor offers his reaction to the Mueller Report, and explains why his military background inf…
Thankful to have so much support and attention for 2020, but let’s not overlook 2019 state and local candidates like these. We can’t treat the presidency like it’s the only office that matters. 
 TONIGHT: An extended  featuring Amy Sedaris, and  at the Mueller R…
 Today I was delighted to serve meals at which is the nations leading provider of services for these y…
My name is Pete Buttigieg. They call me "Mayor Pete." I am a proud son of South Bend, Indiana, and I am running for president of the United States. 
The Mueller report is a disturbing if not completely surprising collection of evidence that shows a president putting his own interests ahead of the country’s. Today again demonstrates why we need to change the channel in 2020.
 Mayor Buttigieg and President Trump have both been met with protesters at campaign events.How both have handled the heck…
 "If I were advising a president at a moment like this, I would advise being as transparent as you can. And instead it soun…
 To the incredible volunteer team and all others that made this event epic, THANK YOU!!   
Thanks for coming out to see us tonight, Des Moines. 
 Mayor Pete’s response: “The good news is the condition of my soul is in the hands of God, but the Iowa caucuses are up to…
 A protester with a camera is yelling “Sodom and Gomorrah” at After the protester is drowned out with chants…
 Panorama: Crowd awaiting  in Des Moines for evening rally 
 One of the largest Iowa Caucus crowds we’ve seen yet this cycle, out for tonight in Des Moines 
Thanks for the warm welcome and good discussion, 
 A full house of well over 100 here in Fort Dodge as Working Hero Iowa hosts ! 
"But you learn to trust each other with your life because that’s what the job requires, and I want more Americans to have that, but I don’t want you to have to go to war to get it. That’s one of the reasons I hope national service will become one of the themes of this campaign." 
“And so it’s very important to me to make sure we’re winning a values argument too. It’s why I talk about things like freedom, and why freedom can’t just be a property of the conservative movement to the Republicans, but that means constructive freedom.” 
"It was really the deployment that put me over the top. I realized that you only get to be one person. You don’t know how long you have on this earth and by the time I came back I realized I have to, I have to do something." 
 “I think the reason we're having this argument over socialism and capitalism is that capitalism has let a lot of people down ... I…
The Cathedral of Notre Dame has been a gift of civilization to all humanity, and we are of one spirit with the French people this evening. 
 2020 Democratic candidate Pete Buttigieg on the importance of Democrats winning the "values" argument."'Freedom' can't ju…
 Mayor Buttigieg is here; he will join live tonight on to discuss his run for president in 2020. 
 
 Mayor has captured the imagination of this country and now you can watch him here on Harvey, Charles and…
 ‘The scripture I hear has to do with protecting the poor, and spending time with the prisoner, and healing the sick, and c…
Yesterday, I announced I'm officially running for president of the United States. It’s not just about winning an election -- it’s about winning an era.If you can, please consider making a contribution today: 
 In an unprecedented move, campaign has created an online design toolkit that will allow supporters to cus…
I still remember the beauty of an Easter Mass I attended at Notre Dame cathedral some twenty years ago. Dreadful to see such destruction at one of the world’s most wondrous places.
 Notre-Dame de Paris en proie aux flammes. Émotion de toute une nation. Pensée pour tous les catholiques et pour tous le…
 
 These words make me very, very happy. “My name is They call me Mayor Pete. I am a proud son of South Be…
 "My name is Pete Buttigieg. They call me Mayor Pete. I am a proud son of South Bend, Indiana. And I am running for President of th…
 Here are my four favorite photos from rally to officially announce his candidacy for President of the…
I just announced I'm running for president of the United States. Join in and donate if you can. It's going to be an amazing ride and I can't wait to be on it with you all the way to the White House:  
We’re live from South Bend, Indiana. Míralo en vivo:  
We’re at capacity inside the Studebaker building, but spirits are high out in the overflow area. Thanks to everyone who is here with us today, and who is going to join us via livestream from home. 
Gates are open here in South Bend. Our livestream will begin around 1:45 EDT. Join us:  Míralo en vivo:  
See you soon! 
Almost ready for our special announcement here in South Bend. A little rain won't keep this crew down. We'll be live at 1:45 pm EDT. Join us:  Míralo en vivo:  
