Congratulations to the 156th New Jersey State Police Recruit Training Class Graduates. 
I’m committed and will make the tough decisions that are required to ensure AC’s long-term economic stability. 
This is about making the economy work for the people of AC.  
This is another example of getting things done – and doing so across party lines.  
When people of goodwill get in a room and they talk to each other – they get things done.  
We need to take those stronger steps to intervene and to work as partners with the Mayor 
What’s holding AC back is its governmental structure and the debt and the cost of its government. 
Watch our press conference live at 
I’ll be holding a press conference today at 2:30.  Watch it here live:   
Here’s an update on how we are continuing to effectively deal with Winter Storm Jonas: 
I would like to thank the utility workers who endured blizzard conditions to provide a quick response to restore power to our communities.
Power has been restored to 270,000+ who lost power during   Approx. 500 remain ; are expected to be restored by midnight.
  service currently experiencing delays of 15 to 20 Minutes due to an earlier train experiencing mechanical difficulties
  running on/close to schedule btwn Trenton ; WC. There is no RiverLINE service past Walter Rand due to continuin…
 Newark Light Rail Main line service between Newark Penn Station and Grove St. Bloomfield running on or close to schedule.
 Click here for more information on NJT service tmrw 1/25: 
 Due to weather related issues we are experiencing system wide delays of up to 20 minutes
 NJT service will operate regular wkdy sched tmrw 1/25 except for Gladstone trains which will run substitue busing 
 Systemwide cross-honoring is in effect on light rail, rail, bus ; private bus through end of day tmrw 1/25
 Pls continue checking for updates here as services continue to restore: 
 Storm update: Power restored to 129,000 JCP;L customers. Final restoration is expected to be completed by 9 pm.
 Thank you all for the reports. Here is a storm summary with snow totals and wind gusts.   
 MidTown Direct trains will run into Manhattan following regular weekend sched 
 Systemwide cross honoring (rail, bus, light rail, private bus) remains in effect thru end of day today 
 Crews are continuing to make their rounds to clear NJT property of snow ; ice 
 WINTER STORM UPDATE: Service has been restored to more than 117,000 customers who lost power as a result of yesterday's winter s…
 Systemwide cross honoring (rail, bus, light rail, private bus) remains in effect through the end of service day today 1/24 
New Jersey Played It Smart And Safe   
  If you don't have to go out, there's no reason for you to be out. Watch live:  
  says NJTransit still looking to resume at noon.  He urges caution when driving.
Watch our press conference live at 
 Crews have been working and will continue to clear stations/terminals of snow/ice  
New Jersey has come through this storm extraordinarily well 
I'll be on with at 9am. Tune in
Speed restrictions of 35 MPH are still in effect for the entirety of the Turnpike and Parkway.
I'll be on and this morning to provide an update on winter storm conditions in NJ.
Crews worked through the night and roads in most areas are passable. Please continue to give them room to work.  
 NJT service (rail, bus, light rail ; access link) is still suspended at this time. Service will resume once conditions allow…
 JCP;L continues restoration efforts in the wake of today’s massive snowstorm. We expect all customers to be restored by 9:00 Sun…
 Shelters open to help those affected by coastal flooding during the    
Will be on with and ; momentarily about  
  live on  right now  
 "We do not want you on the road unless you need to drive to a friend/family member with power"   
 "We do not want you on the road unless you need to drive to a friend/family member with power"   
 Lose power? DON'T call police or 911. Contact PSE;G directly 2 report outage. 1-800-436-PSEG (7734)  
 At this time, NJT bus, rail, light rail ; access link service remains shut down. Service will resume once weather permits. 
 Due to the severe weather impacting the region, NJ TRANSIT rail, bus, light rail and Access Link service is temporarily s…
 Click here to see the interview:  
Hey kids, now you can shovel! (Just not today)   
 WATCH: on Eyewitness News now: 
This is our 17th snowstorm together. We will get through it. We always do.    
If you have lost power please call your power company immediately.  NJ power companies are listed w/ phone  here 
Currently, there are approximately  90,000 without power, mostly in Atlantic, Cape May and Ocean counties.  
Visibility is the biggest issue for our crews on the road right now. But they are staying on top of it.   
NJDOT and our partners have nearly 3800 pieces of equipment on the roads between Department crews and contractors. 
Thank you to all the crews who have been working very hard to keep up with this storm.  
As you know, last night, I declared a State of Emergency so we can take the necessary actions needed to respond to the storm. 
  "Try not to buy into some of the hyper talk" Watch live:  
Watch our  briefing live here:   
  asks motorists to stay off the roads:  
I am en route to Sayreville and will hold a briefing around noon. Snow is coming down quick, pls stay off the roads. 
  wow. I'm headed to Sayreville next. Glad you are inside. Stay warm!
  "This is my job and my responsibility, and it's my home state, the place I love."
If you absolutely need to drive today, there are 35MPH speed restrictions in place for Garden State Parkway ; NJ Turnpike. 
I'm en route to Woodbridge DOT Traffic Management ; Technology Center for another storm update.  Conditions are bad. Pls stay off the roads.
If you lose power, call your Electric Delivery Company. Follow and for updates.
 If you are without service due to the weather, please report it to us using one of the following options  
  We're going to see some significant power outages due to the wind. Watch live:  
  We will keep an eye on high tide, but we're confident it will mostly be street flooding: 
  "Stay off the road"
  "This is absolutely nothing like Superstorm Sandy" - referring to concerns about coastal flooding.
  There's no comparison to Sandy so far. Watch live:  
  There's no comparison to Sandy so far. Watch live:  
Starting at 8:10AM, I'll be on with and Tune in.
 Winter weather is in the forecast! Visit  to prepare today!    
Talking   with now. 
At this point, we are expecting to see 2-3 more inches of snow in the north than originally expected.  
The worst conditions are still expected today, particularly with snow accumulation in Southern NJ  
Again, services are suspended until further notice. Follow for more info and any transit updates. 
There is a 35 MPH Speed restriction in place on Garden State Parkway and NJTurnpike in both directions. 
I am still urging everyone to stay off the roads today. If you absolutely need to drive today- drive slow. 
Morning update: NJDOT ;our partners have nearly 3800 pieces of equipment on the roads ; is actively plowing ;spreading throughout NJ 
Tomorrow AM I'll be on with  ; talking all about the latest  winter storm updates
 Preparedness is for everyone!       
The overall message is, we will get through the storm. We always do. That is the way we do things in NJ.  
As of this evening, I've authorized to suspend service following the conclusion of its daily operations today at approx. 2:00AM
Salt trucks are ready statewide ; we're at 100% capacity for salt supply bc it's been a very mild winter so far.  
The worst conditions will be all day Saturday. The snowfall is expected to stop Sat. night, maybe early Sunday AM. 
We're looking at moderate and only in some places major coastal flooding.  
In northern part of NJ, we're looking at 6-12 inches. Winds will be high, 25-45 miles per hour w/ gusts up to 60.  
Most of the heavy snow will be in the south ; central part of the state.   
 Access Link will be suspended tomorrow 1/23 with a delayed start time of noon on Sunday 1/24 
 Due to  NJT bus, rail, ; light rail will temporarily shutdown starting 2AM tomorrow, 1/23. 
 Winter storm preparation tips + how to report a power outage  
 Christie Administration Reminds Residents to Take Steps to Protect Their Health During Winter Weather
 press briefing is available online here: 
Bottom line: we will get through this storm. We always do. 
If you absolutely have to be on the roads tomorrow, please drive slow and please keep your distance from the salt trucks. 
You need to remember to be smart and be safe. So, please stay off the roads tomorrow. 
This is my 17th snow emergency since I've been governor, so we know what we are doing, but we will keep our eye on the ball. 
I have officially signed a state of emergency. 
Reminder: You can watch our press briefing on  live here: 
The press briefing will begin momentarily. Please make sure to follow our storm preparedness list on twitter:  
Our press briefing on winter storm  will be on Livestream here: 
Prior to the press briefing I will get a full update on the storm's path and what NJ needs in preparation for this storm. 
l'll be holding a Press Briefing on winter storm  tonight at 8:00 p.m. from Newark Department of Transportation Garage.
 In advance of  systemwide cross-honoring will b in effect 1/23 ; 1/24 on NJT bus, rail, light rail ; privat…
Later today I will determine any additional steps to ensure NJ is fully prepared and ready for this storm.
Last night I had a briefing with my cabinet to discuss the storm’s path and to begin preparations for the potential impact on NJ.
  Administration reminds residents to follow generator safety tips   
In preparation for this winter storm, please make sure to follow for all the latest information.
Under my Administration NJ is experiencing the strongest and most robust job growth since the turn of the century.
Unemployment is down again, dropping to 5.1% - within 0.1% of the national unemployment rate and down from 9.8% when I first took office.
In December 12,500 private sector jobs were created, 233,500 since I took office. This is the strongest job growth NJ has seen in 15 years
Under my leadership and reforms NJ’s economy continues to strengthen. 
Justice Garibaldi was the 1st woman President of the NJ Bar Association ; 1st woman on NJ’s Supreme Court where she served for 18years.
Flags in NJ are flying at half-staff today in recognition of the passing of Justice Marie L. Garibaldi.
I encourage everyone to honor Dr. King’s legacy ; to observe this holiday by acts ; deeds of service within your communities.
It is our obligation to remember and protect Dr. King's legacy for every citizen of our state and nation - today and for future generations.
Dr. King endured adversity to achieve change that would alter the course of history with his leadership ; practice of non-violence.
Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. for dedicating his life to an unyielding faith and passion for justice and racial harmony.
My statement on the passing of Justice Marie L. Garibaldi: 
ICYMI: “Christie's Proposal Breaks Down The Barriers For Addicts Seeking Treatment” 
My SOTS yesterday outlined how we can make NJ a better place to live, for all.  
I believe our best days lie ahead. But if we want to win the future, then we need to face it boldly: 
 Yesterday’s State of the State Address in today’s headlines 
Every day I wake up and think about how to make New Jersey better, and how to make our country better. 
Our achievements over the past 6 years in NJ can be an inspiration ; a model for other states ; the nation 
Victims of addiction deserve treatment. We must give all our citizens the chance to reclaim their lives 
With our reforms, we’ve closed a prison; I propose we re-open it as a certified drug abuse treatment facility 
There are few things that I’ve worked on harder as Governor or strongly believe in more than fighting this disease 
Addiction is an illness and is something we can beat. 
My State Of The State Address yesterday: The State of New Jersey is strong and growing stronger every day. 
The Democrats want a constitutional amendment to guarantee pension payments: This is the road to ruin. 
Will they tell New Jersey the truth about their vote yesterday?  Because here it is:  
How about that New Jersey?  23% more of your money to Trenton to pay exclusively for pensions   
Are we to believe those donations ; the vote for this amendment aren’t connected?  I’m telling our people the truth: 
This is a sellout of the people of NJ. $30 million in campaign spending for $3 billion in tax increases 
In NJ, we’ve shown what it means to achieve policies of consequence, principle and compromise  
Are you going to work to get things done to move NJ forward or pander to special interests ; send NJ back? 
The only thing I’ve ever tried to win is a better deal for the people of New Jersey  
Instead of quick fixes like DC, we’ve gone for a long term revolution. That’s what it means to be the Governor 
It’s time – 2016 State of the State Address – live now:     
Getting ready for my 6th State of the State Address.  
My State of the State Address will be today at 3pm watch it live here:    
In the 8 years before I became Governor, NJ saw 115 tax and fee increases and was one of the most taxed states in the nation. 
In NJ we have achieved six consecutive balanced budgets without any new taxes. 
We have made the tough choices to bring fiscal sanity to Trenton:   
Today the unemployment rate in NJ is at 5.3 percent, down 4.5 points from 9.8 in January 2010. 
NJ has had 5 consecutive years of positive private-sector job growth with 2015 seeing the strongest growth in 15 years. 
Under our pro-growth policies, NJ is finally creating jobs ; promoting growth:  
In Camden we created a county-wide force that is putting more cops on the streets of and more resources at their disposal.  
We made common sense bail reform keeping dangerous individuals off the streets holding serious violent offenders without bail. 
My Administration has focused on keeping communities ; our families safe   
The Urban Hope Act is expanding options available for children trapped in struggling districts.  
We reformed teacher tenure for the 1st time in 100 years ; provided more funding for education than ever before, at more than $12.8 billion
I’ve fought for six years to deliver a quality education for every child   
In  we will look at the progress we’ve made ; a course for the future. NJ’s best days are ahead: 
I’ll be delivering my 6th State of the State today at 3pm watch it live here:    
We have made a lot of progress in NJ and I believe our best days are ahead of us:  
I’ll be holding my 6th State of the State tomorrow at 3pm watch it live here:    
Press Conference from my outer office, watch it live now: 
Press Conference from my outer office coming up shortly on here: 
My statement on the legislature’s competing bills to expand gaming to North Jersey 
In 2015 no one believed it was possible… but it’s happening  
In 2015 I made it clear that I would stand against any income tax increases.      
In my 2015 SOTS address I explained that inaction is a missed opportunity.    
As I said in 2014, failure is not an option for us.    
In 2014 I made a call for action to choose a better NJ.    
In 2012 we changed the conversation about how we treat addiction in NJ  
I set the tone in 2011 with priorities for the big things, the things that really matter   
My State Of The State Address will be Tuesday Jan 12th at 3pm. Here's a  of last year's teaser:  
Flags are at half-staff today in recognition of the life ; in mourning of the passing of Port Authority Police Officer Eamonn J. Mautone.
NJ unemployment rate has nearly been cut in ½ under my administration since the waiver was put in place-224k private sector jobs created
 Not true, nobody loses benefits if they meet federal govt’s work req. for able bodied individuals w/o children in next 3 months
Wishing everyone a happy ; healthy New Year!
It’s through the sacrifice of our military that the rest of us enjoy the freedoms we hold so dear. Thank you and God Bless!
Mary Pat and I especially recognize all US Military ; who are unable to be home with their families this holiday.
To all who celebrate today, from our family to yours, Merry Christmas!
 ‘Twas the Night Before Christmas… 
During this Season I hope we all take the time to count our blessings: 
Join us in our  and give back to those in need.  Volunteer: 
Flags are at half-staff today in recognition and mourning of a brave and loyal hero, New Jersey State Trooper Eli McCarson.
Our thoughts ; prayers go out to the family ; friends of NJ State Trooper Eli McCarson. 
Under my watch we've seen 224,100 private sector jobs created as our state and our economy continue to grow stronger
With the private sector adding 8,000 jobs in Nov., NJ’s unemployment has continued to drop to 5.3% from a high of 9.8% when I took office
Nov. job’s report out today shows NJ’s 2015 private sector job growth is the strongest in 15 yrs.
Remembering NJ’s Frank Sinatra on his 100th Birthday.  Thanks for the memories. 
 High 5 to citizens reporting suspicious activity on bus. No threat, but that's the way it's supposed to work. See something say s…
I’ll be on for  at 7pm. Tune In! 
Met w/my Cabinet for ; briefing on security ; preparedness to continue ensuring safety of NJ residents 
If this is the kind of state you want to live in, then get ready 
Beware, Democrats want a $3 billion tax increase on 90% of the state to benefit 10% of the state 
What matters is what we get done and I’m ready to continue this fight together.  
We work to create jobs ; bring business to NJ so our people can live the lives they want 
I’m ready to continue this fight together 
To honor the lives ; in mourning of the victims of the terrorist attack in San Bernardino, CA, flags are at half-staff in NJ today.
Wishing a very Happy Hanukkah to all who begin the celebration of the Festival of Lights this evening.
State buildings are flying flags at half-staff today to honor a courageous ; loyal American soldier US Army Private Christopher J. Castaneda
Praying for all those victimized by the shootings in San Bernardino, California today.
The men we talked to are prime examples that no life is disposable 
Honored to continue the tradition of  while shining a light on Dave Scott ; 
Today is  Show your support by shopping at NJ's small businesses. 
Wishing everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving!
No life is disposable. No life is beyond redemption just because you’ve fallen victim to the disease of addiction. 
John F Berry’s 2nd chance made a difference for many struggling w/addiction. His story is why no life is disposable. 
Today I pardoned John F. Berry who overcame addiction ; devoted his life to helping others reclaim their lives.  
Governor Christie pardons Philadelphia man who has reclaimed his life from addiction-Live here:  
Flags in NJ are at half-staff today in honor of Anita Datar ; the other victims of the terrorist attacks in Bamako, Mali.
Great job ; the Dept of Labor for volunteering today as part of our 5th Annual  
Today kicks off our 5th annual   Join us and volunteer:  
Mary Pat and I send our condolences and prayers to the Datar family and to all the families of the victims in Mali.
Incredibly sad to hear of loss of NJ's Anita Datar, whose life was taken in the senseless attacks in Mali.
After 0 net private sector job growth in the decade before I took office, 215,400 jobs have been created since I took office
When I first got to Trenton the state’s unemployment rate was at a high of 9.8% -this month it’s at its lowest since July 2008 -down to 5.4%
Oct numbers show: NJ employers added 16,100 jobs, private sector jobs up by 54,100 over the year as unemployment drops to 5.4%
In recognition ; mourning of the victims of the terrorist attacks in Paris, France, all State buildings are flying flags at half-staff today
We are working with our Homeland Security Dept and NJ State Police to make sure that all steps are taken to protect NJ after Paris attacks
Drumthwacket shines proudly in support of America's Veterans   
Today we honor our veterans ; express our appreciation for their patriotic service throughout our nation’s history.  
Happy 240th Birthday ! Thank you for your service.  
My joint statement with on the future of Atlantic City: 
In honor of NJ Law Enforcement Appreciate Day flags will be flown at half-staff to remember those who lost their lives in the line of duty
Be sure to tune into New Jersey 101.5 tonight at 7pm for  
Given what's been going on with law enforcement across the country, it's important to acknowledge their service. 
The Federal Gov't has had nothing to do with our success, it's about leadership in New Jersey going back to 2010.
Proud to stand with the men ; women of ; to acknowledge all law enforcement for their service. 
Before this new police force, response time was 2 hours on average. Today it's 2 minutes.  
As continues to make strides, they've become role models for Camden ; for police forces nationwide 
It's not enough to simply smile and nod at the tremendous work being done by all those in uniform 
To the men and women of we want to say thank you ; we want to say it often 
I've signed an executive order declaring Nov 5th as Law Enforcement Appreciation Day in NJ from now on  
Watch our discussion on the success of community policing in the city of Camden live here: 
Wishing kids of all ages a very Happy  Stay safe tonight.
The state didn't save Booth. Booth saved Booth. I'm proud we were able to be a partner in that.
This is a family who nearly lost their business and has it back today bc we all worked together. 
Watch as we go live in Moonachie 
Three Years Later, Steady Progress on Recovery and Building Back Stronger 
Three Years Later, Steady Progress on Recovery and Building Back Stronger 
Over the past 3 yrs, NJ has been working closely with the to repair/improve beaches ; prepare for future storms.
Three years later, steady progress on recovery and building back stronger. 
My commitment to our families remains true today, we’re not going to leave anybody behind. We’re going to keep working.
“The effects of the storm snowballed, creating a gap in cash flow.The Strong NJ Biz Grant helped us close that gap” 
Since Sandy, the NJ EDA awarded $184 million to support economic revitalization in Sandy-affected communities.
“It’s a new home, It’s a new start” “I appreciate everyone’s help along the way”  - Meghan, Sandy Survivor 
Today, more than $1.6 Billion in federal housing assistance is out the door or in the pipeline to Sandy-impacted families.
Three years after Sandy, thousands of NJ families are making progress towards rebuilding and returning to their homes.
Three Years Later, Steady Progress on Recovery and Building Back Stronger 
Three years later, we remember Superstorm Sandy and where we’ve come since.
In honor of fallen firefighter Gerald Celecki, flags will be at half-staff thru Wed.  Our thoughts ; prayers go out to his family ; friends.
Flags are flying at half-staff today in recognition of a brave and loyal American hero, US Army Specialist Kevin Joniel Rodriguez.
 Wrong! is at the controls and thrilled for
What a finish for 22 unanswered points in the fourth quarter! Congrats on a great Big 10 win.
Mental health reform is too important for to play politics with. My statement on real reform 
Over the 10 yrs before I took office, NJ had zero net priv sector job growth. We've cut taxes/ regulation ; added 197,000+ priv sect jobs.
NJ added 20,200 new jobs in Aug ; Sept. That's more than 197k new private sector jobs created on our watch.
Sept jobs numbers show more positive progress for NJ. Unemployment rate falls again to 5.6%. Was 9.8% when I took office.
It is with profound sadness that we mourn the loss of the victims of this needless violence ; pause to offer our deepest sympathies.
Today I signed EO ordering State Buildings fly flags at half-staff tmrw honoring the victims of the Oregon shootings 
Our state has seen how communities can be devastated by severe flooding - our thoughts and prayers are with and the people of SC
Coastal Flood Warnings remain in effect until midnight tomorrow. Everyone stay safe ; aware until this system passes. 
Hurricane  is tracking east but with major flooding still likely in south NJ, we're prepared for everything. 
About to hold a press briefing on the latest weather updates and potential flooding in our state. Watch live here: 
Headed to Sea Isle City to meet with local officials for a flood and storm briefing.
 Safety 1st! Generators should b used 4 emergency standby power ONLY+short periods of time. More tips: 
We need you to prepare and not panic. Our team is ready and we’ll continue to keep everybody informed.  
For all important updates on this storm, make sure to follow our Storm Preparedness list on here:  
Make sure you check  for storm updates and ways to get prepared.
Right now our concern is 5-6" of flooding in Del Bay ; Coastal Areas.
We are prepared. I need everyone to not panic.
I've declared a State of Emergency ahead of this storm.
Our press conference on upcoming weather will begin soon, you can watch it live here: 
I will be holding a press briefing today at 11AM to discuss the predicted weather conditions for NJ over the next several days. 
Addiction impacts millions of lives. Each story is a step closer to ending the Stigma of Addiction.   
On the anniversary of the Many Faces of Addiction Summit we continue the call to action ; choose to  
In recognition of the life ; in mourning of the passing of Lawrence Peter “Yogi” Berra, all State bldgs will fly flags at half-staff today
I’m fighting for fairness for the taxpayers I represent - the people who pay the bills and play by the rules. 
On behalf of all the people of New Jersey, Mary Pat and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the Murray family on the loss of Evan.
Thousands are expected to travel through NJ during visit, please stay informed 
We’re never gonna make critics happy, so who gives a damn. We'll keep working together to get things done. 
Public Safety, Public Education ; Private Investment are now happening in the City of Camden. 
Camden is better off today bc political leaders dropped their R’s ; their D’s and put forward their NJ’s. 
There was no reason to be intimidating, but they put our podium next to a shark tank anyway 
regardless of our parties, we're giving an opportunity for a better life to the people of this city 
I'm happy to check another box on the accomplishments we are making together in Camden ; I know you are happy too 
I’ve often said to people that twice now I’ve taken an oath of office, not an oath of party 
Thx for having me! Amazing experience seeing address a joint session of Congress today. 
Drumthwacket looks good in Gold!  
Today NJ mourns the loss of the great No. 8 Yogi Berra. 
None Of This Is Easy, If It Were It Would’ve Been Solved A Long Time Ago 
G'mar Chatima Tova!
Meeting with members of the Facing Addiction Task Force on the important progress we're making.  Watch it here: 
 
Today I’m meeting with the Facing Addiction Task Force to keep this conversation going and talk about the progress we are making.
We can end the stigma of addiction, if people who have suffered share their story and  
To truly address drug addiction, we need to end the stigma surrounding it ; get people the help they need  
A year ago, we brought leaders in NJ together on a mission to help those fighting addiction.  
Narcan is another step in providing the tools necessary to protect lives.  
With proper treatment, people who struggle with addiction can reclaim their lives. I've watched miracles  
With the Good Samaritan Act in place there is no question. Save a life first. 
Because, there but for the grace of God, go I. 
One of my top priorities: putting treatment 1st to help people, not simply locking them up.  
We started changing the conversation back in 2012 in NJ that no life is disposable.   
BLS shows NJ’s private sector employment expand by 13,800 in the month of August and has grown to more than 191,000 jobs under my watch.
The numbers are out ; NJ’s unemployment rate is down again dropping to 5.7% - down from nearly 10% when I took office 
I have always made clear my support for a tunnel plan that is viable ; fair to NJ taxpayers - and this proposal meets that commitment.
This is a fair ; realistic proposal for the fed gov't to step up and commit 50% with NY ; NJ preparing a plan to fund the other 50%
Today ; I sent a funding proposal for a new trans-Hudson rail tunnel that calls for a 50%fed funding 
L’shana tova u’metukah!
On the 14th anniversary of the terrorist attacks of Sept 11, 2001 we pause to remember those who lost their lives. 
I'll be on  tonight at 7pm. Tune in! 
  has proclaimed Sept 2015 Suicide Prevention Month in the state of NJ! Please  to spread awareness! 
My Admin has taken action ; outlined NJs opposition as a clean energy state already making progress w/o federal gov't 
The EPA's Clean Power Plan is fundamentally flawed and NJ is acting to stop the latest overreach of Obama's EPA
  just signed into law bills I sponsored to improve drinking- ; waste- water infrastructure across  
Saluting NJ’s Finest for their heroic response, saving a life on the Job well done!   
Our unemployment rate was almost 10% when I took office, but today it's down to 5.9%. 
New job numbers today shows NJ unemployment rate is now at its lowest level since Sept. 2008 – 7 years ago
Good mtg w ; Sec.Foxx on a Hudson River Tunnel project.Our STMT:  
Good luck to Jackson Twp Little League in the Mid-Atlantic Championship Game today against Red Land 
 Christie Administration Announces $1.9 Million in Federal Homeland Security Grant Funding  
 Due to the NJ Turnpike accident, NJ Transit Rail is cross honoring both NJT and Private Carrier Bus Tickets and Passes.
New Jersey celebrates Triple Crown Champion winning today’s  Congratulations!
Today all State buildings are flying their flags at half-staff in honor of EMT Hinal Patel. Our sincere sympathy to her family ; fellow EMTs
We announced a $4M statewide body camera initiative for NJ State Police and grants to help local police buy body cams
Today w/ support from both law enforcement and community groups, we're strengthening community policing in NJ
As I told I've been an advocate of body cameras for law enforcement - for their safety ; ppl they serve 
Amtrak’s failures were unacceptable this week and I am demanding accountability from them 
  tix being cross honored w/ Path in Hoboken, Newark Penn and NY 33rd;  ; private carriers; NY Waterway in Hob…
 Trains in/out of  are subject to delays up to 30 min due to an Amtrak overhead wire problems.
Today we took another important step to strengthen our shore communities for the future. 
 Cross honoring with Path In Hoboken, Newark Penn ; NY 33rd;  ; private carriers; NY Waterway in Hoboken.
 Service resumed on   ;  NY bound trains w/ 60-90 min delays due single tracking in/out of NY caused by Amtrak …
We mourn the devastating loss of the victims of this tragedy and offer our deepest sympathies to their families and loved ones
Today I ordered all State buildings to fly flags at half-staff tomorrow to honor the five US Servicemen killed in Chattanooga, Tenn.
 Trains in/out of New York are subject to up 30 minute delays due to earlier Amtrak overhead wire problems in 
By increasing info sharing between doctors and pharmacists, we can prevent drug abuse and in the end, save lives. 
I signed legislation to expand our state’s prescription monitoring program, so we can help stop drug abuse before it starts.
When I took office, NJ’s unemployment rate was nearly 10% - Today’s numbers show the unemployment rate is down to 6.1%-Our lowest since 2008
We also reached a new milestone w/4,275,000 people reporting they have jobs - the highest level in state history.
Today’s numbers show NJ Unemployment rate at 6.1%, the lowest level in nearly 7 years.
More Jersey sports greatness tonight Congrats on winning 2nd straight All-Star MVP Super night for Millville again. 
 No deal is better than a bad deal. This is a bad deal for America. BTW, that is also what the President ; Sec'y Kerry used to say
 We applied as soon as towns had sufficient proof of the damages to support a successful application. Happy to sign it today.
More Jersey sports exploits! Congrats to the pride of Toms River, NJ--Todd Frazier--wins the 2015 Home Run Derby. Go Jersey! 
This is in honor of a Team who inspired a nation. Congratulations World Champions!    
I not only signed a 6th balanced budget this yr ; vetoed billions in tax hikes, but now we've also provided real tax relief for NJ families
Proud to deliver real tax relief for those who need it most - a 50% increase in the EITC for over 500k NJ families 
Congrats to  and NJ’s own ; on winning Championship! 
  American Hero.  
 NJ natives Carli Lloyd and Tobin Heath with 4 of the 5 five goals by the  
 Tweeted about Carli earlier. Very happy for her as well. 
New Jersey is killing it for Team USA! Jersey's own Tobin Heath makes it 5-2! Go USA! Go Ridge High School! 
 Less than 20 minutes into the match ,  has the record for most goals in a  The kicker? has THR…
A hat trick by New Jersey's own Carli Lloyd! What an amazing leader she has been for Team USA. Go USA! Go Scarlet Knights! 
Congrats to  on advancing to the World Cup Final and NJ’s for her PK Goal and Assist in last night’s victory. 
