 WATCH LIVE:  holds rally at Indiana State Fairgrounds  
  
W/ Trumpster cursing ; yelling, said, "he can't be from IN." He was right: imported protestor from Ohio. 
WATCH: 400+ showed up for our Marion, IN event, incl 6-7 Trump supporters.  I chose to engage, show them respect:  
 "I have never seen  waver from the fight that he has in front of him, or from his convictions." —Carly 
 Poll: Ted Cruz leads Donald Drumpf in Indiana  via
 State senator joins Ted Cruz campaign 
TOMORROW:  in Indiana for Jobs, Freedom, and Security: 
 Introducing Pence says he's expressing his "unwavering support" for Cruz.
On Tuesday, the eyes of the nation focus on Indiana.    
 2nd IN ad comparing Trump to Clinton is called "Coin," calls them both “big government liberals." 
 FORBES: Ted Cruz Is Right, His Tax Plan Would Supercharge GDP Growth via  … 
 WATCH: Ted Cruz just RIPPED MSNBC reporter for asking about Pence about Trump  
 Ad: Donald Trump is Lying About Ted Cruz    
I fought to stop the Gang of Eight amnesty bill while Donald Trump funded the Gang of Eight: 
 There's a great American right there: 
 Ted Cruz makes his final stop in Fort Wayne before the election tomorrow!  
 New Ted Cruz TV Ad: Donald Trump is LYING about me  
 for Jobs, Freedom, and Security for Indiana and all of America: 
 "Tomorrow [Indiana's] voters will decide if the Constitution will continue to matter." explains.
 Before you vote in Indiana, watch this interview with and   
Great speaking with alongside Gov. this afternoon!   
 Indiana Patriots: Get out there and vote tomorrow! ; your country need you!  
  snaps a photo for and a supporter in Marion, Indiana 
 Talking with the owners of Hilligoss Bakery in Brownsburg, IN this morning.  
 Ted Cruz: I've hardly ever met John Boehner, but I know why he calls me Lucifer  
 It takes one to know one "A christian with moral values from Gods words and uses the constitution as his... 
I ask you to stand with us for Jobs, Freedom, and Security in Indiana:   
 Ted Cruz says Americans would pay a 10% "simple flat tax" if he becomes president  
 Mike Pence going to campaign with Ted Cruz today in Indiana  
This is a time for choosing in Indiana. 
 My vote goes to because he's a conservative who will protect our constitutional liberties. 
 Watch NEW Ted Cruz TV Ad that literally puts Trump and Hillary on the same coin  
 in Indiana:   
Donald and Hillary... two sides of the same coin. 
 "God bless the great state of Indiana". Yup, is in La Porte 
 What will a Ted Cruz presidency do for young people? Watch here!  
  talking    in La Porte     
Gov. My vote goes to Ted Cruz b/c he's a conservative who'll protect our constitutional liberties 
 Gov. Mike Pence pens op-ed in support of in ahead of Indiana primary 
We have to lift the burdens on small businesses so the economy takes off and young people have a bright future!
 Hey  want to volunteer? Sign up at  
Wow -- thank you Lafayette! Now get ready to  on Tuesday:  
 Mike Pence writes an op-ed in the explaining his support for (no mention of Trump this time): 
 Indiana Gov. Mike Pence: Why I will vote for Ted Cruz 
 HUUGE line going in to  rally in Lafayette IN 
 Heidi Cruz: "We're going to win this thing!"  rally in Lafayette 
Help us  in Indiana:  
  "I believe if the Republican Party nominates Donald Trump we will lose to Hillary." 
 in Indiana:  
  cannot win a majority and it's why he wants to change the rules and rig the system - 
 Carly Fiorina receives standing ovation at state Republican Convention in Burlingame. 
  on and "It takes a strong and special man to partner with a strong and special woma…
 Cheers and standing O for Fiorina as she wraps it up at CA GOP convention
 Wrote a message to Indiana voters about why I support for president.  
 stand with us before midnight:  
Wear your support for the  ticket! Order your shirt now:  
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton -- flip sides of the same coin. 
 Ted Cruz on Mike Tyson's endorsement of Donald Trump 
 Ted Cruz has a Delta smelt plan: Disco ball, a little Barry White 
 Here’s the ENTIRE INTERVIEW with Ted Cruz and Carly Fiorina on the Hannity show!!  
  -  Supports  Democrats   via
 "I think Californians are taxed too much already, I'm going to cut your taxes," -   
 WATCH LIVE: Sen. Ted Cruz speaking now at   in Burlingame:  
Watch live:   
 Former CA Gov. Pete Wilson introduces Ted Cruz at  
We're just hours from our critical midnight fundraising deadline. Help us   
 Catch full interview with tomorrow on   
This is a betrayal to all that Republicans across California have worked for:  
  attacks for giving $ to  3 top  Cruz speaks to  
 Mike Lee Defends Cruz: 'I Held My Tongue For Years' on Boehner 
 In a pizzeria in Greenfield, Ind., holds up criticism of as badge of honor 
I’m thrilled to see our team coming together in NE!    
Gov. Jobs. Freedom. Security. If you care about these issues please vote for Ted Cruz on Tuesday: 
Get your  stickers now:  
  “I am looking forward to working hand-in-hand with  
  “One of the greatest frauds in modern electoral history is pretending to be an outsider." 
  said  ; ; are all part of the same corrupt system.” 
 Don’t miss us on Hannity tonight at 10pm ET!  
 A timelapse of him greeting line of supporters outside The Pie Pan in Evansville, IN 
 Hundreds weaving around outside Pie Pan in Evansville. now actively walking past storefronts shaking hands. ht…
 Back in Southern IN for a second time this week,   All about Hoosiers till Tues.. 
Make sure as many voters as possible see our new ad featuring   
 “It is not acceptable”: calls out “leftist agitators” for “trying to silence” 
This campaign is about bringing Hoosier common-sense values to the entire country!  
  campaign puts Mike Pence's endorsement in a radio ad: 
 I see Ted Cruz as a principled conservative who’s dedicated his career to advocating the Reagan agenda
 Ted Cruz is a principled conservative who advocates the Reagan agenda. Proud to be voting for 
  repeats: "If you want to see more leaders in the Republican Party like John Boehner, then Donald Trump is your…
 is a proven conservative who stands on principle. We need him in the House of Representatives: 
  has now taken the stage. 
Don't miss and me tonight on 
 The campaign has nothing to do w/ - we enjoyed taping w/ today.  Tune in tonight! 
 “I see Ted Cruz as a principled conservative who has advocated the Reagan agenda” says Pence.
 Thank you for endorsing and standing for freedom and the Constitution. 
I'm proud to have the support of Indiana Governor Help us   
 Mike Lee Unloads on John Boehner in Defense of his Friend Ted Cruz 
Thank you Governor for your support! 
 “I will be voting for   - 
 Audio/transcript of my interview w/ this AM, covering convo rules, VP debate: 
 STAING SOON: Ted Cruz and Carly Fiorina address the media in Indiana   
 I'm live with on the radio now! Listen here: 
 join us in Indianapolis, Jeffersonville, or Evansville today:  
 Mike Lee unloads on Boehner, stands up for Cruz 
 if you agree the people of Indiana deserve a debate!  
   has an incredible ability to unify and bring this party together."  
  “Naming  as my VP nominee ensures that we have a clear choice in this election." 
 Mike Lee: Cruz is the only candidate who will challenge the DC establishment, because Donald Trump is part of it. 
 Young man asks to sign the Communist Manifesto as a joke, but the response he gets is dead serious: 
 If   doesn’t like the  -  ticket consider that an endorsement!  
 To anyone who is thinking of how to vote in IN, please vote for  
  “I hope to be...a partner to  who can amplify his message.”  
 Go get'm, Carly 
 help us fight back against and the  &gt;&gt;&gt;  
  talking    in South Bend     
 A young man asked to sign a copy of the Communist Manifesto as a joke. Here's what Cruz wrote. 
 Cruz is sticking around to sign autographs for his supporters 
Join the fight for Jobs, Freedom, and Security for America: 
 Introducing Ted Cruz running mate Carly Fiorina 
Help stop the  Contribute now ;  
 Excited to see tap as his VP pick.  
  daughters helping work the room at this retail stop in Elkhart, IN 
 Ted Cruz in Elkhart Indiana so excited I got to meet him    
​: Ted Cruz is tested, trusted, and ready to lead, and I am honored to join him as his running mate!
 Retail stop in Elkhart, IN. Hundreds ready and waiting for  
Show your  support with our best-selling bumper sticker! Get yours now:  
Back when wasn’t pretending to be an outsider, he wrote checks to Hillary's presidential campaign.
Get your Cruz-Fiorina gear today!  
 WATCH LIVE: are holding a rally in Fort Wayne. Watch online here:  
 Huge crowd for and in Fort Wayne today   
 Best endorsement for Cruz yet. The establishment loathes the man. 
Tell me again who will stand up to Washington?  Trump, who's Boehner's "texting and golfing buddy," or Carly ; me? 
 WATCH: talked with about running w/   
Join and me today:  
 Next on  talked with about her switch from competitor to partner w/ 
 One-on-one with the running mate 
  on "What I've come to know is a man who is what ; who he says he is...he has convictions ; principles…
 Thank you to the Daviess County GOP for having me at your Lincoln Reagan Day Dinner!   
 Tonight in a must-see  joins yours truly to respond to pick as VP running mate. 
 on the can and will win this nomination   
Did you hear the news? Stand with and me:   
 Today, I’m very proud and very humbled to announce that I have accepted Ted Cruz’s offer to be his Vice President.
 Tough times reveal character. Ted Cruz is a principled fighter, and a man of character and conviction. 
 Piper Perry celebrating Carly Fiorina pick as Ted Cruz' VP. Smart, witty, tough as nails....will… 
  
  is an accomplished executive and a strong leader who will help reignite America's promise. 
  is an effective messenger against the Left ; will expose hypocrisy ; failed agenda. 
 is live on the now! Listen here,    
Join the ticket committed to standing for jobs, freedom, and security! Donate now ---;  
 🔥🔥🔥Top 6 Reasons is a Good Pick for via . 
 This is about the future of the great country we must rebuild together:  
 Carly Fiorina sings after announcing she’ll be Ted Cruz’s running mate  
 Ted Cruz on Carly Fiorina: "Over and over again, Carly has shattered glass ceilings"  
 Stand with us. Fight with us. We must restore the potential of this nation: 
 They won’t challenge the system. They are the system  
 Donald and Hillary would both be disastrous for this nation. They’re flip sides of the same coin 
 There is a lot at stake. This is a fight for the soul of our party and the future of our nation 
The difference between me and on one side and Donald and Hillary on the other could not be starker. 
I make this announcement today so you know what you'll get. The voters deserve to know what they're going to get 
The Hoosier state is about to have a powerful voice in this race: 
 respects the Bill of Rights and understands the threats facing America. 
If I am nominated, I will run on a ticket with as my Vice President. Join us: 
The American people deserve a real choice in November. A choice and not an echo. Join us: 
 WATCH LIVE: makes 'Major Announcement' at rally in Indiana at 4PM  
 watch our rally in Indianapolis LIVE at 4 pm ET here: 
Donald's speech is the most dramatic evidence thus far that he fails the presidential test.  
We hope to see you at 4 pm in Indianapolis: 
Honored to earn the support of Senator  
Join us at 4 pm: 
 PROMPOSAL: A Columbus North High School senior got some help from Senator Ted Cruz when she asked her boyfriend... 
It’s been 48 days since the last  deserves a debate, 
 Ted Cruz: Donald Trump doesn't like facing voter scrutiny; he parachutes in like Mick Jagger  
 Ted Cruz asks Indiana to unify behind a "positive, optimistic, forward-looking" campaign  
 . working the room at Sisters Place in Indianapolis 
Join us in Indianapolis at 4 pm today for a major announcement!RSVP here: 
If I am elected president, our special relationship with the UK will be strengthened. 
The eyes of the nation are now gazing upon Indiana to make a decision for our country:  
We are tired of a president who divides us. We need a president who unites us and reminds us of who we are as Americans.
This race is simple. Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are both big government liberals.
I am the same person today as I was yesterday and that I will be tomorrow as president:  
We’re all fed up with politicians who betray us. Donald is telling us he is lying to us.
Donald Trump and Hillary both supported Bill Clinton’s ban on some of the most popular firearms in America. As president, I’ll defend 
As president, I'll secure the border and stop amnesty:  
Donald and Hillary both support the Obamacare individual mandate. As president, I will repeal every word of Obamacare. 
My number one priority is bringing back jobs and economic growth. Join us: 
 My first time ever voting and I voted for the Pennsylvania primaries today!  
   I changed from independent just to vote for 
Thank you!  
 Proud to cast my vote for         
Rhode Island, there's still time to  before the polls close:  
 Issues Challenge to Debate in Indy 
Pennsylvania, there's still time to  before the polls close:  
Maryland, there's still time to  before the polls close:  
Delaware, there's still time to  before the polls close:  
Connecticut, there's still time to  before the polls close:  
 for Jobs, Freedom, and Security for America: 
 in Pennsylvania:  
 I voted for Ted in PA!  
 Voted for for Prez in PA!    
 Proud to have  today for a consistent conservative.  
 I voted in the  for 
  is calling on to have a debate in Indiana before the May 3rd primary... 
It’s been 47 days since we’ve had a  Let’s debate 
 I'm live on the program now! Listen here: 
 New today: Ted Cruz says he won more votes in Wisco than Donald Trump did in NY.  True  
  first time in my life I've been able to vote for a true conservative for president   
 to repeal Obamacare, pass a simple flat tax, and  
Tune in now,  
Pennsylvania, after you  please vote for these delegates in your CD:  
 The  is here.  joins us live at 8:45ET. Listen live here:  
 Poll: Clinton beats Trump in Republican-dominated Arizona  
  “Every candidate talks about economic growth, but I’m the only candidate w/ a real, concrete policy solution.” 
  “I believe the most important issue in this entire election is jobs and economic growth.”  
  campaign says he's accepted two invitations to debate this week in Indianapolis: 
 Visiting with supporters in Norfolk, NE.   
 With "Tax Freedom Day" occurring over the weekend, renews calls for a flat tax 
We can and WILL do it -- with your help. Join the fight:  
 I offered to host a proposed debate btwn and Cruz said yes. I hope Trump agrees. 
 "Come to Indiana and let's have a debate!"-Ted Cruz publicly inviting Donald Trump to another showdown.
  to police, soldiers, first responders, etc.: "You will have a Commander in Chief who has your back." 
  "The heart of our economy is small business across Amercia."  
  campaigns in Franklin, IN – LIVE shortly on C-SPAN    
The American people want and deserve a serious leader focused on jobs, freedom, and security  
 Ted Cruz beats Hillary Clinton by +5% in Arizona (43% vs. 38%), via same poll. 
Want to  I have a plan to do it! Join us:  
  taking the stage with Caroline ; Catherine in Clark County     
  Caroline ; Catherine enjoying the Ice Cream at Zaharakos     
 Back on the campaign trail with in Omaha, NE!   
 I hope will consider, and agree to 1on1 w/ before the   
The Story of a Pennsylvania Delegate:   
Yes 
Join the fight for a  of Obamacare —&gt;  
 Ted Cruz crowd cheers when he says, "If I'm elected I'll repeal every word of Obamacare".
 LIVE: speaks to supporters in Borden, Ind. watch here&gt;&gt;  
 WATCH: Ted Cruz cleverly JABS Trump on NC Bathroom law  
It shouldn’t take us a third of the year simply to pay the government:   
 Cruz Campaign Releases Statement on Upcoming Primaries: 
  "If I'm the nominee, we beat  
 Cruz:"If I'm elected president, any sanctuary city will see their federal taxpayer dollars cut off." 
  "I can't wait to stand on a debate stage with  
 New ad shows what war room must be like  
 Crowd on its feet cheering     
 Abolish the IRS gets standing ovation for   
  in Evansville: Politicians wait to get elected to lie. "Donald is showing us he can start doing it early." 
  in Evansville, IN: "I think Donald already thinks he's been elected.Normally politicians wait to be elected before…
  it's great to be in Evansville  w/ so many      
Great speaking with in Evansville, Indiana, today! 
 WATCH: Ted Cruz campaign rally in Evansville live stream&gt;&gt; **Event starts at 6 p.m. CT** 
 I had a great time in Terre Haute listening to 
  speaking in Terre Haute      
 Awesome Cruz rally in Terre Haute,  Thank U for coming ; sharing an inspiring message  
 Don't miss me tonight in the  at 8:00 pm ET on​!
 The Growing False Narrative in the Media is the Only Thing that can Stop Ted Cruz  
 Senior Reagan Admin official Elliott Abrams urges Pennsylvanians to support  
 get ready to  on Tuesday: 
 ICYMI: This Amazing Ted Cruz Ad That Came Out A Few Days Ago Is MUST-SEE TV 
The American people want to get behind a positive, optimistic, forward-looking conservative agenda: 
  "The American people want to get behind a positive, optimistic, forward-looking conservative agenda" 
  and I enjoyed meeting the voters of Indiana today!   
 Ted Cruz gets YUGE reception at Pennsylvania rally!! [FULL SPEECH]  
 Welcome to  Senator Revved up crowd of Hoosiers here tonight! 
 In College Roommate David Panton, Ted Cruz Finds Unwavering Support 
  speaking the truth at Boone County Fairgrounds      
 Cruz: America will stand unapologetically with the nation of Israel 
  had several new punchlines on Trump today. "I’m beginning to wonder if Donald’s next book is going to be the art o…
  challenges to debate in Indiana before  
 Nick attended the Ted Cruz rally in Plainfield, IN today because he believes he is the best candidate to... 
 Hendricks County out in full force to see Republican presidential candidate Senator today in Plainfield! 
 Cruz: God bless the great state of Indiana 
 The Best Part of and Heidi Cruz on Instagram Is Their Adorable Daughters 
 Quite.  
  meets a different Trump family, as he campaigns in Pennsylvania ahead of the state's primary on Tuesday. 
 Lying to you and laughing at you 
 Cruz continued: "He is the Harry Houdini engaged in an act of misdirection.  Trump is a phony."
 At a gaggle after rally, he said "entire campaign apparatus now is a Washington lobby apparatus."
 Ted Cruz Slams Obama On Brexit: Pres Shd Make It An Opportunity 2 Strengthen Special Relationship 
 Video:  Full video: Ted Cruz holds campaign rally at Gateway High School in Monroeville  
That ends when I'm elected president. Join the   
  "For 7 years we've seen an administration that abandons our friends and allies."
  speaking at Gateway High School in      
 More this AM: I have to give Donald credit. He’s betraying us before he got elected.
 This crowd at event in Monroeville seems to be his most enthusiastic crowd yet in PA. They're really into this Satur…
  addresses to audience during a campaign at Gateway High School. 
 WATCH LIVE: campaigns in Pittsburgh, PA  
Join us live,  
 VIDEO: Ted Cruz stops in Allentown four days before Pennsylvania primary election. 
Thank you Governor 
 PHOTOS: Ted Cruz stops in Allentown 4 days before PA primary election  
POTUS should look to make  if it happens, a chance to enhance ; strengthen relationship b/w our 2 countries 
President Obama's  comments today are typical of his administration 
 raked in 1.2 million votes in Texas, while Trump pulled only half a million in his home state - 
 thank you!
Thank you! 
 At his first Pa. campaign stop today, called to end the "war on coal."  
 Excellent 45 min interview w/ on from 4/15, on taxes, economy, gov't shutdown, climate change 
Contribute NOW to our Victory Fund to make a difference in next week’s elections -;  
 Ted is on cruz control. Congrats Senator for 3 consecutive years of 100%  
 Cruz Rips Trump’s Apathy Toward Transgender Bathroom Law: ‘Have We Gone Stark Raving Nuts?’ 
 If you care about   ;  then you know that is the best candidate in 2016! 
As POTUS, I'll stop amnesty, secure the border, end sanctuary cities ; end welfare benefits for those here illegally 
 Chants of "Cruz Cruz" when he says he will pass simple flat tax and abolish IRS. 
 Packed house here for  rally in  All seats filled, standing room only.  
 Ted Cruz promises to end the "war on coal"  
WATCH ;  
 All ages and lots of families are turning out in Scranton for the Ted Cruz rally. Starts at 2:30. Updates 
 WATCH: In PA, Ted Cruz goes after Donald Trump for his stance on NC LGBT law
 WATCH: Ted Cruz out with NEW AD hitting Trump over transgender bathroom comments  
  quintuples down on bathroom contrast, releasing a video focused this time on Curt Schilling. 
 Ted Cruz HITS Trump HARD: He has now told us repeatedly that he’s LYING TO US — [AUDIO]  
 Donald J. Trump suddenly too "politically correct"? New Senator Ted Cruz ad claims it.  
Live now! Listen here:   
 Ted Cruz: ‘Donald is telling us he’s lying to us’    
 Heidi Cruz describes husband as principled conservative, and the best candidate for president. 
Donald Trump can’t be trusted with common sense. Why would we trust him in the White House? 
 New ad gives a peek into what oppo on must look like 
If you care about standing up to Washington corruption, there’s only one candidate with a record of doing that. 
  takes stage in Williamsport for campaign event  
 ICYMI: I'm all for RAISING TAXES on the rich 
Donald Trump won't take on the PC police...
Listen here,   
 Watch the full speech from the Indiana GOP Dinner here:  
 Almost done for the day ... one story to go. Here's a quick write-up of my interview with today, and video: h…
  spoke at the GOP fundraising dinner in Indianapolis tonight |  via 
What does it say that Hillary Clinton is more willing to debate than Donald Trump? 
 My interview with Ted Cruz 
Listen to the full interview here:  
We need someone who says what he believes and isn’t putting on an act—which is what Donald is telling us he's doing 
I'm live NOW on the Listen here,  
 Nothing better than coming home to find out that your neighbor is a supporter. Indiana is Cruz country. 
 ‘Donald Trump WON’T take on the PC police!’ – Cruz ad nails the Donald on NC law`  
 Cruz already using Trump comments on NC bathroom law from this am in new ad: 
 Cruz promises to repeal Obamacare, institute a flat tax, abolish IRS, end welfare benefits for undocumented immigrants.
Donald Trump​ won't take on the PC police. He's one of them.  
  stance on transgender bathroom issue is simple common sense and exposes a big difference between him and
  "Let me ask you - have we gone stark raving nuts?" 
 If you’re afraid to defend the right to privacy ; safety in bathrooms and locker rooms, how will you protect the borders? 
Jobs, Freedom, and Security for you.  
 UPDATE: FULL VIDEO – Ted Cruz SLAMS Trump on Transgenders: HAVE WE GONE STARK RAVING NUTS?  
 Big crowd of supporters on hand to have pix taken with the  presidential candidate h…
Watch and  ;
Available here —&gt;  
 Cruz poses with 5-year-old Halle. Her dad, Michael Deak, 53, Indy, says Cruz "stands up for truth and Liberty." 
Bowed down to PC? ( There's a hat for that —&gt;   
 Should Trump Debate Cruz One-on-One? 
 Brand New Ted Cruz Ad  
 New Cruz Video: 'Hillary's War Room' 
 Ted Cruz: Donald Trump needs a new hat that reads "Make PC Great Again"  
 Up next is Senator with me on or listen live at   
New ad ;   
 Brand New Ted Cruz Ad  
Donald told us he could be the most politically correct person on Earth. Now he’s showing us what that looks like: 
Donald Trump isn’t going to defeat political correctness. Today he bowed down to it:  
 Ted Cruz releases awesome and HILARIOUS ‘War Room’ campaign ad ripping on Hillary! » The Right Scoop - 
  
  
 Cruz slams Trump position on NC bathroom law:"Grown adult men, strangers,shld not be alone in bathrm w/ little grls" 
 WATCH LIVE: Ted Cruz rallies supporters in Frederick, Maryland  
Common sense: grown men shouldn't be in bathrooms w/ little girls. told us he could be PC, but wow. 
This is the video Hillary Clinton​ and Donald Trump​ don't want you to see... 
We shouldn't be facilitating putting little girls alone in a bathroom w/ grown men. That's just a bad, bad, bad idea 
 I'm live NOW on the program. Listen here: 
Donald, you will be mathematically eliminated on June 7. Should everyone drop out ; forfeit to Hillary?  
If I'm elected president, we WILL repeal every single word of Obamacare!   
 Today is 180th anniversary of victory at San Jacinto. Texas beat Santa Anna ; won independence from Mexico.  
 New 2.5 minute video from has Team Clinton trying to install Trump as nominee: "How do we stop Ted Cruz?" 
Stand with us before midnight:  
 This night 180 years ago, Texas was on the eve of independence!✪ Remember Goliad!✪ Remember the Alamo! 
 YES. PLEASE! 
 Enjoyed visiting with the  in Freehold, NJ! 
 we’re having our best fundraising day since winning Wisconsin. Help us keep it up  
 White House Withdraws Invite for Cuban-Born Musician Because of Pro-Democracy Stance. Castros Are Changing Us. 
Poll: Hillary Clinton Least Honest And Trustworthy Of All Presidential Candidates:  
 How about in   
If I'm elected, we will also fill out our taxes on postcards and we will   
We should debate before Pennsylvania goes to the polls on Tuesday,  
Repeal Obamacare. Grow Jobs. Destroy ISIS. Join us and  
 Onward to victory! Watch speech in Philadelphia last night:  
 'We will repeal every word of Obamacare': Ted Cruz wins Hershey crowd  
This is abhorrent. And it's one more reason why, as president, I'll defund Planned Parenthood:  
  is touting his message of "jobs, freedom and security" here in Hershey. 
Jobs, Freedom, and Security for America! Join us:   
 Carly Fiorina supporting Ted Cruz in Hershey. 
 WATCH LIVE: Ted Cruz rallies supporters in Hershey, Pennsylvania    
 Outstanding Cruz speech, check it out 
 This is powerful. Cruz again shows ThIS election is not about him. It's about us. We the people.  
 The PA primary is Tuesday.  is with us at 8:40ET this morning. Listen live: 
Thx!  Much appreciated.  
 WATCH: just gave a FANTASTIC speech about restoring America  
America is at a point of choosing:  
Join me now on this journey:  It is time for us as a nation to be who we are destined to be.
We will restore our spirit. We will free our minds ; imagination. We will create a better world. We will bring back jobs, freedom ; security
I call on you to chart a new American journey forward. One that isn’t led by anyone in Washington, but by you.
We must unite the Republican party because doing so is the first step to uniting all Americans: 
The people are crying out for a new path. This is the year of the outsider. Join us: 
 LIVE NOW: holds a primary event in Philadelphia.  
 We must have a constitutional conservative in the White House. I want you to check the box for
 Watch Live: and hold campaign event in Philadelphia:  
As POTUS, I'll repeal every word of Obamacare! Join us:    
  coming up next with on talking  
New York:  before the polls close tonight:  
 Catch with us tomorrow morning at 8:40ET on 
 Watch Ted Cruz step into the "No Spin Zone" last night: 
 Ok Look! More Heidi Cruz! From Fox Business This Time!   
 Bravo on why there is no greater friend in Congress to the Jewish People and to Israel than Ted Cruz 
 What the media isn't telling you about Ted Cruz's refusal to meet with a Muslim group | RedState 
 I had the honor today to vote for a true Conservative ; a friend of Israel in the   
 WATCH: on America’s newsroom: We’re working to unite the Republican party  
I’ve been leading the fight against this train wreck. As POTUS, I’ll repeal every word of it  
Just the latest evidence Obamacare is a disaster:   
 TUNE IN! sits down w/ to discuss  Today 2pm ET on 
 “What Ted and the campaign team have tried to do…is unify the   on campaign 
 Coming up: joins at 9:30a ET.  
Let's liberate families from tax stress and   
 I VoTed for TrusTed - so we can save this great Country   
 Don't miss this morning on at 9:30 am ET on 
 See foosball skills in action  via
I’ve released 9 years of tax returns.  if you agree it’s time for Donald Trump to release his! 
  "I've released 9 years of tax returns. Donald needs to release his returns."  
 WATCH: Ted Cruz shows the Lib Media how he can COME BACK AND WIN!  
 With night before the  primary 
 Ted Cruz joins The Factor for a no spin interview tonight -- 
 Watch: and the foosball game of a lifetime... written by
 So great to see my friend today   
 Don't miss me on the tonight at 8 pm ET on 
  
 Here's how Ted Cruz celebrates  on the campaign trail  
 Why there is no greater friend of the Jewish people than Ted Cruz  
My tax plan is this simple... 
Stop the monkey business.  
"We have full confidence that a Cruz White House will advance the right to life of unborn children"  
 Cruz crowd in Towson. 
 LIVE NOW: holds a campaign rally in Towson, Maryland  
 Join us live here: 
 Twins for in Towson, MD 
 supporters of all sizes are at rally in Towson today. 
 Stop the Monkey Business | will abolish the IRS! 
 "...if someone comes through the window trying to harm your kids, you have a right to protect your kids." 
We don't have to live like this...  
 Watch:  Ted Cruz GMA Town Hall In A Minute  
 More setbacks for Trump, as Cruz outmuscles him — again — in delegate selection
A joyous reminder that you can kiss IRS-stress goodbye ; welcome spring w/ open arms when Ted Cruz is POTUS: 
 Ted Cruz: The Tax Basher! 
 Why I Support Ted Cruz | PJ Media 
 fun talking to and after their town hall. A little Princess Bride in the a.m.... 
 Vote Cruz.  
"In the case of Ted Cruz, we have a candidate who is more energizing ; affirmative than anyone since Ronald Reagan" 
 WATCH: Ted Cruz’s Town Hall on Good Morning America  
 Ted Cruz’s wife Heidi Cruz says she's an entrepreneur at heart:  
 This addresses something no other candidate is speaking about. It is what makes Cruz electable. He knows the... 
 Ted Cruz in A Simple Flat Tax For Economic Growth:      
 Ted Cruz's views over 2 decades suggest that he'd be the most conservative presidential nominee in a half-century 
  to I'm the only GOP candidate who doesn't eat pizza with a knife and fork   
It's Tax Day! Join the fight to  
If you're near Houston, please heed local warnings before heading out on the roads during this historic flooding: 
  
 Ink to a Four-Year Contract   
 Setting up for town hall with - 
 THIS MORNING: A Town Hall, LIVE with presidential candidate  
I hope you'll join Heidi and me in keeping in your thoughts and prayers throughout his recovery.  
Read more:  
 Scoop: tells me Israel's Golan Heights will remain in the Jewish State's control, backing Netanyahu call 
  Won the Wyoming Primary in March — He Added to That Victory at the State's Convention on Saturday 
Donald, over 1.3mm people just voted in UT, ND, WI, CO ; WY. You lost ALL FIVE in a row, by huge margins.  
  says "Trump didn’t just lose in Wyoming -- he got stomped" by Ted Cruz:  
  on Wyoming win: "This is how elections are won in America." 
Order your  starter pack NOW:  
"There is no better choice for the country than Ted Cruz."    
 It's a Ted Cruz sweep in Wyoming  
Thank you   
  - got wiped out in an another delegate race. sweeps all 14 delegates in Wyoming." 
  wins all 14 Wyoming Republican delegates:  
 BREAKING: Cruz Wrangles Delegate SWEEP at Wyoming Convention
 In Wyoming today, executed another delegate sweep. 
 Ted Cruz wins Wyoming delegates in a weekend convention rout  
Thank you  Join our grassroots movement:  
Thank you Wyoming! Grassroots are rising up:    
  Ted Cruz wins all 14 Wyoming delegates at the Wyoming Republican Convention  
 Breaking: Ted Cruz sweeps all 14 delegates in WY
 No one who sits through this 46 minute video will be able to walk away with any opinion but that Ted Cruz is the... 
Dems kill jobs, ignore facts. CO2 is what every human breathes out; every plant, in turn,consumes CO2.  
 Ted Cruz WOWS CNBC Panel With 46 Minutes of Economic Brilliance, Clarity, and Specificity 
 Ted Cruz talks about "jobs, freedom and security" Saturday at Wyoming presidential caucus  
 Fox News Poll: 61% say has the temperament to serve effectively as president. 
“The Cruz campaign was the best organized.” Thank you 
 Ted Cruz: This is my No. 1 priority as president  
 LOL! Ted Cruz campaign store now selling  baby bibs!!  
Whining so much you’re getting tired of whining? Get your  starter pack now:  
  it's a great day in      
 WATCH LIVE: addresses 2016 Wyoming State Convention  
 Ted Cruz rally breaks out at the Wyoming GOP convention 
 Lynne Cheney introducing "He is a Westerner and he is attuned to protecting our values." 
 LIVE on Monday: A Town Hall with Presidential candidate  
 Signs of organization for at the Wyoming GOP convention - he speaks here later this morning 
  “I believe we should stand unapologetically with the nation of Israel.”  
  “I’ve spent my whole life fighting for the Bill of Rights and Constitution."  
  “We have got to unify the party to win.”  
  “Is it asking too much to have a president actually defend the United States of America?”  
  “The heart of our economy, it doesn’t come from Washington D.C. It comes from small businesses all across this coun…
  “There is only one way to turn around the debt and that is to bring economic growth back.”  
 "My number one priority as president will be economic growth"  Here's why:  
 Billy Joel just dedicated tonight's performance of "New York State of Mind" to Ted Cruz. 😂  
 Crowd cheers as makes his way to the stage for his rally.   
  great to be in Rochester  tonight!     
 Rochester crowd cheers loudly when promises not to compromise away rights to keep and bear firearms
 Join us live! 
 Presidential Candidate Sen. gets a call from Donald Trump before his interview on The Tonight Show: 
 ICYMI: The New York Sun editorial board endorses  
 Line already forming 2 hours before doors for Ted Cruz rally 
 Full interview with coming up on  at 5pm ET 
 Ben Sasse: "I just early-voted for Ted Cruz"  
  and talk to Watch or online here at 5p ET   
 Cruz: "We are one justice away from the Supreme Court stripping religious freedom away from millions of Americans" 
ICYMI: a phone conversation with "Donald Trump" on 
 If we don't turn growth around, nothing else gets fixed. on why economic growth is his  priority  
 AWESOME: New York Sun ENDORSES Ted Cruz for president! 
Perhaps​ doesn't know what the word "great" means... 
 Happy to report that Melissa and I just early-voted for to  Time for conservatives to unite here in winne…
  at  in upstate  for a Town Hall w/    
 Jimmy Fallon’s Trump Character Calls Cruz, Hilarity Ensues [VIDEO]  
 with my Simple Flat Tax Plan:  
  on corporate inversions: "Create an environment where businesses want to stay in the U.S."
Should we keep the air and water clean? Absolutely! But we shouldn’t be driving up costs on people who are hurting. 
   won't release his taxes which is unprecedented." 
Talking about my Simple Flat Tax Plan now on Learn the details here:  
If I’m president, my priorities will be lifting tax and regulatory burdens so small businesses can grow and create jobs. 
  says his number one priority as President would be economic growth
We have been trapped in stagnation for the last seven years. We have to turn that around. 
 Countdown to 🕗 Tune in @ 8a ET!  
 Donald Trump calls to give him a prep interview before his appearance on The Tonight Show: 
Caroline stopped by the office to celebrate her birthday with our campaign team today.Happy birthday Caroline! 
 TONIGHT: ; Presidential Candidate Sen. Plus music from ; new hashtags!  htt…
 tune in tonight! 
  says that on day one he will tear to sheds the Iran nuclear agreement 
I hope to see you in Rochester tomorrow! RSVP to join us here:   
  in  speaking at the Gala     
  "If you care about religious liberty... this election is pivotal." 
  "We're going to stop amnesty, secure the borders, end sanctuary cities." 
  "The heart of our economy is not Washington, DC. The heart of our economy is small businesses." 
TONIGHT: I’ll join on at 11:35 pm ET -- you won’t want to miss it! 
 Do not miss GOP candidate - LIVE on tomorrow 8aET-9aET 
We're going to beat Donald in Cleveland. And we're going to beat Hillary in November. 
It's indisputable that if Trump's the nominee, Hillary wins by double digits. I'm not prepared to give Hillary the White House 
I am campaigning on a Simple Flat Tax, filling out our taxes on a postcard, and abolishing the IRS:  
If you look at young people, this generation of young people is the most pro-life we have seen in modern times  
I think we need to work towards a nation that values and celebrates every human life.  
As president, I will secure the border, I will end illegal immigration, and together, we will keep this country safe. 
I have a very detailed plan to secure the border and stop illegal immigration:  
I cannot wait to stand on the debate stage with Hillary Clinton and to defend religious liberty 
It wasn't too long ago, just a couple of decades ago, religious liberty united us all. 
One of the saddest things we've seen is the retreat of the Democratic party from religious liberty. 
Most Americans want to protect life. And I hope we have a culture that values every human life  
Our campaign is focused on jobs, freedom, and security. They're issues that unite us and that bring us together. 
What I have done from day one is endeavor to tell the truth and do what I said I would do. 
What I have fought on is Obamacare, stopping amnesty ; stopping the debt that's bankrupting our kids. I think those are issues that matter.
The way to win and turn the country around, we've got to unite the party. My focus every day is uniting Republicans 
It is time for responsible, adult leadership. The only force strong enough to change DC is We the People -- the grassroots 
In January 2017, if I'm elected, we're going to have a president who has the backs of law enforcement and first responders 
New Yorkers could have thousands of high-paying jobs if the politicians would just let you develop the resources that are here 
The people of upstate New York, y'all have been suffering under the misguided policies of liberal Dem pols a long, long time 
 My friend Who works w/ makes his case Why it is a mitzva for every Jew to vote for Cruz -- The  
 Join us on at 8 pm ET! 
 "What does “The Heidi moment” mean?  A lot.”  
 Watch Ted Cruz Ride a Roller Coaster in a Suit - And More of His Craziest Campaign Tr...  
 5 Ways Ted Cruz Will Unleash Freedom 
Great talking Jobs, Freedom, and Security in Buffalo, NY, today! Catch the full town hall on at 8 pm ET! 
  in studio! Tune in tonight      
The American people are capable of anything. We just need to get government out of the way.
 TONIGHT: ; Presidential Candidate Sen. stop by! Plus, performs!  
 Do not miss GOP candidate - LIVE on tomorrow 8aET-9aET 
 In Buffalo, NY does an townhall with Check it out at 8pmET tonight:  
 In a few minutes will meet this crowd  
Imagine a 10% income tax. Imagine filling out your taxes on a postcard. Imagine abolishing the IRS. We can do it!
 My little one started watching Ted Cruz ; family last night on ; says "If he keeps this up, he's going to win!" htt…
 Tonight: Presidential Candidate music from ; your  tweets! 
 TONIGHT: Presidential Candidate music from ;  tweets!  
At last night's  was asked what her priorities as First Lady would be. Watch her answer:
 Join me and on tonight! 
  joined by the   w/ for the     
  says he's watched "listen to the shofar, bake matzah, read the megillah and light the menorah." htt…
 Probably the best part of this week's CNN town hall series.  
 Watching Heidi Cruz--she is intelligent, poised, well-spoken, classy as she supports Brava.
My focus is on a positive conservative agenda for America. We need to be united to beat Hillary Clinton in November  
 I would work very hard to ensure that every child has an opportunity for a quality education.  
 LIVE NOW - ; one-on-one w/ Watch  on  
Our support is the grassroots. It's all the people going to  and joining our campaign.  
What I am focused on is winning the votes to win the nomination and the general election.  
 Join us on now for the  Town Hall! 
 Tune into tonite to see these cuties (hint parents are 9pET 
 get your signed sticker — contribute $7.50 or more NOW for yours:  
Don't miss Caroline, Catherine, and me in the  Town Hall tonight at 9 pm ET! 
 Help us win in Indiana:  
 Tune in alert: hosts a town hall with Ted Cruz tomorrow at 8pmET on  
Join us live,   
 Ted and Heidi Cruz sit down with at 9 p.m. ET for a  town hall  
Many people have compared the ups ; downs of a campaign to a roller coaster. Today, we decided to see for ourselves…
 New ad targets NYC Mayor “He treats cops like criminals and criminals like freedom fighters” 
 Oregon Pro-Life Group Endorses Ted Cruz: “His Record on Pro-Life Issues is Impeccable”   
 Ted Cruz Bodyguards Speak Out, Reveal Cruz’s True Character 
  has a new radio ad in New York attacking 
 and  ;   
 Ted Cruz radio ad goes after Bill de Blasio 
 New Ted Cruz Ad RIPS Mayor De Blasio – “When Cruz is president, De Blasio is DONE!”  
 Did you see on the  WATCH:     
 Join us in Erie, PA, this afternoon:  
Under my plan, all you'll need is this post card to file your taxes:   
 One of the most Awesome, inspiring, uplifting, exciting speeches, Rallies I've  ever been to! 
Did you miss discussion with from the  last night? Watch here: 
  also wants to abolish the Departments of Education, Energy, Commerce ; Housing ; Urban Development.  
 Rubio to Levin: "The Only one who fits... is Ted Cruz" 
Thanks, Bob, for your passionate, principled leadership. Too funny! 
  on personality: “He has a deep, deep intelligence, but at the same time, he’s a lot of fun.” 
 Rubio reiterates to Levin: "I want the Republican nominee to be a conservative. ... The only one that fits that criteria…
 On now! 
Ted Cruz Stops by to Chat with 
Don’t miss speaking with on the  tonight! 
 Colorado Senator Elections are won by those who show up - showed up -OTR 
 Three millennial women on why they support for President! 
 Fantastic interview right now between and on 
 WATCH: Ted Cruz explains his Simple Flat Tax in a new video!  
Want to  Read this ;  
 
TONIGHT: Don't miss on the  with on at 9 pm ET! 
 The thing is, right now, Cruz looks pretty competitive in the general election against Hillary.  vi…
  on Colorado win: "Trump it ain't stealing when the voters vote against you."  
Thank you,  for everything YOU are doing to help us win this campaign!  
 Ummm excuse me sir I'm trying to do a radio show... crashing my radio show at MY HOUSE TODAY!! 
 The Facts: Cruz Swept Colorado because the Grassroots Chose Ted, not Trump  via  
As president, I will always, always, always stand with the working men and women of America: 
Does tax season have you wanting to  My tax plan lets us do it! Learn more: 
 Learned few things about politics with wifey and Ted Cruz!Thank you 
 Ted Cruz brings his campaign to San Diego   
 Packed house in San Diego for  reports tonight at 11. 
Thx for joining us! 
  in San Diego      
 As 's highest elected  ;  I am proud to endorse for President of the United States! 
  showed up to the convention. only sent a surrogate. Cruz swept. Elections are won by t…
 The Facts: Cruz Swept Colorado because the Grassroots Chose Ted, not Trump  via
Join us live from San Diego —&gt; 
Join the    
 Ted Cruz: 'California is going to decide the Republican nomination':  
We’ve now beaten Donald Trump in eleven elections in a row in four states:  
65K Coloradans voted--they just voted against Trump. That's 11 elections in a row we've won.  
I'm live NOW on the Listen here,  
Honored to receive support from GOP leaders working hard to enact conservative ideas in CA  
Thanks for joining us! 
 Ted Cruz MOCKS Trumpertantrum: When people vote against him they’re STEALING THE ELECTION!  
 Rush Limbaugh: The team is serious about winning:  
 WATCH LIVE: Ted Cruz campaigns after a major victory in Colorado  
Tune in,   
 In 100% support of the ; US Senator in Irvine today!     
 Could flat tax pave a path to victory for him?  
Thank you  "Ted Cruz on Saturday clinched the support of every pledged delegate in Colorado.” 
 Want a positive reason to support someone? on Opportunity conservatism 
 join us in California today:  
 How Cruz snagged Colorado’s 34 delegates 
 A Supreme Court that will stand for the Constitution, for religious liberty, the 2nd Amendment, and the rights of the un…
 This is the week that Ted Cruz won the Republican nomination 
"A breath of fresh air in Upstate!" 
 Thank you,  for another INCREDIBLE week:  
Together, we are uniting the Republican party, and we are winning! Join us: 
 Ted Cruz, not Paul Ryan, would probably win a contested convention: 
  finished CO's delegate fight the way he started it: With overwhelming victory.  
  sweeps delegates up for grabs in Colorado | reports:  
 Ted Cruz completes sweep of Colorado delegates  
Thank you Colorado for another resounding victory!    
I'm here at  to thank each of you for your leadership and ask for your support:  
  to "we have beat in 10 straight elections in four different states"
 "We need a president who is committed to defending the Constitution and the Bill of Rights," says to
 Watching w/ in LV 
 "Good Shabbas," says at the RJC's meeting in Las Vegas 
  crowd applauds for being the only presidential contender to accept the group's inviation
 gets a massive standing ovation at 
  to about 500 members on-hand: "I am proud to be here today because this is a room of patriots. This is a…
 "It is such a blessing to be with so many friends," says. "Good Shabbas." 
"It was refreshing to have a level headed candidate, who actually respects the Constitution, come ; address voters"  
 Ted Cruz wins majority of Colorado delegates  
 At CO GOP convention, had things to say about Full interview on   ht…
  to Colorado Republicans: You have had seven elections awarding 21 delegates. "Of those 21 delegates, together…
 "God bless the great state of Colorado!!"   
 Ted Cruz takes stage at  state convention where Donald Trump will not appear   htt…
 "God bless the great state of Colorado"   
 Impressive CO organizing by Cruz camp continues with these fluorescent orange slate shirts @ state convention 
Speaking NOW at the convention. Join us live here,   
Help make it happen:  
  dominates again in Colorado delegate push:  (Photo: Reuters) 
We are winning because we are uniting the Republican Party. Join us: 
 Sen. continues his Colorado winning streak, locks up 21 delegates  
"Ted Cruz focuses on smaller govt, tax alleviation ; job creation-something conservatives have been longing to hear" 
 JUST IN: sweeps Friday's delegate haul in Colorado. Wins 3 more. Now has 21 of 37 delegates. 
 TED CRUZ Shutting Out Trump In Colorado So Bad, The Donald Might Be Abandoning Campaign There! 
 Another YUGE day for Ted Cruz in Colorado; Should officially win the state tomorrow  
 Cruz up to 18 delegates in Colorado, could be 21 by tonight 
 "It was a December day in New Jersey, and Ted Cruz was keeping the rabbi waiting."  
Read more about my Simple Flat Tax Plan:   
   momentum is with Cruz  
   up another 12 [delegates] in district conventions in Colorado."  
 Congratulations  
 NYT's Krugman sides with Trump over Cruz on economics 
 Ted Cruz wins three more delegates in Colorado, raising total to 12:  via
 Exit Poll: GOP Voters Like Sound of Presidency Far More than or Ones 
  out of CO:  reports Ted Cruz has picked up another 3 delegates from state.
Join the  now:   
 Ted Cruz raised more in March than any month since campaign launch. Via  
Help keep it going,   
  campaign raises record $12.5M in March  
 The differences between the Trump ; Cruz campaigns are astounding:  
Join the movement:   
This election is about jobs and raising wages for working Americans who corrupt Washington has been leaving behind. 
  "My positive message...is jobs, freedom, and security."  
  "That's what this election is about: jobs ; raising wages for working Americans who corrupt Washington has been lea…
8 pm ET today. Tune in,  
Don't miss my discussion with on tonight at 7 pm ET! 
 Cruz: "Donald has famoulsy said he would be netural between Israel and Palestine."Brooklyn rabbis: "BOOOOOO"
We’re seeing Republicans unify behind our campaign every day:  Join us: 
See who donated to here:  
 NY values? Line snaked around corner for upstate. Many voters say they don't have "Nyc" values either. 
Don't miss me on the tonight at 8 pm ET on  
 VIDEO: Ted Cruz had a YUGE line of people waiting to see him in NEW YORK this morning  
 “It seems like an epic fail on the Trump campaign’s part...I don’t see anyone organizing.”  
Jobs, Freedom, and Security are popular in Scotia, NY! Join the   
  taking the stage at Mekeel Christian Academy      
Join us live,  —&gt; 
I’m live on the radio NOW with Listen here  
Where donations go:  WATCH ;
  Not Paul Ryan, Would Probably Win A Contested Convention - Nate Silver  
  is how you achieve the American Dream…I will be the 1st president…who fights for school choice." 
 Political Prediction Market: Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are almost tied for the nomination  
 NR Editorial on ; the GOP nomination:  
  "The final tally from Wisconsin's GOP primary shows Sen winning by double digits."  
Learn more about donations ;  
 WATCH: last night’s victory in Wisconsin was a turning point in this campaign:  
Jobs. Freedom. Security. That's what this next election is all about. Join us: 
Education is the gateway to the American dream. Every child in America should have access to a quality education: 
The a record of funding politicians like...  
 has supported Democrat politicians who have made it difficult for average Americans to get ahead.
Thank you Wisconsin! Help build the momentum:   
 ICYMI: Here's my clip on this morning talking abt Sen. Ted Cruz's win in  last night: 
WATCH: My friend talks conservatism, the Constitution ; why he's supporting our campaign on 
 ICYMI: Congratulations on winning the Wisconsin Primary!  
 Congratulations for winning the 
Last night was a call from the hard-working people of Wisconsin to America: we have a choice  
  Wisconsin win is primary's ‘turning point'   | AP Photo 
Tonight is a turning point. It is a rallying cry. Join us:   
 WATCH: Ted Cruz’s FULL VICTORY SPEECH as he celebrates a HUGE win in Wisconsin  
 WATCH: on wife Heidi: "I may be biased, but isn't she going to make an amazing first lady?" 
 Ted Cruz on  "Tonight is a turning point. It is a rallying cry"   
So Hillary, get ready — here we come!
Unite so we can come back to this state in Nov. ; for the first time since 1984, paint the Badger State bright red 
I ask you to join us as we continue to unite Republicans, Independents, Libertarians, and all Americans who care about our future.
Jobs, freedom, and security. That’s what this next election is all about.
Tonight, Wisconsin has lit a candle guiding the way forward. Tonight, we once again have hope for the future.
We are winning because we are uniting the Republican Party.
I am more and more convinced that our campaign is going to earn the 1237 delegates needed to win the Republican nomination.
How significant is tonight? Just today, our campaign raised over $2 million at 
Four very different states: Utah, Colorado, North Dakota, Wisconsin. Four victories.
We have a choice.  A real choice. 
Tonight is a turning point. It is a rallying cry. It is a call from the hard-working men and women of Wisconsin to the people of America.
God bless the great state of Wisconsin. What an incredible victory tonight!
Thank you Wisconsin! Help us  —&gt;  
 Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders hold early leads in the  based on exit polls  
 I'm in (of all places) on why I support  thanks to
 Cruz takes lead in Reuters national poll for first time 
 BOOM! Ted Cruz now in DEAD HEAT with Trump in new national poll  
 Stood in line for 2 hrs, but it was worth it to vote in my FIRST primary for   ht…
 I voted for I hope you'll join me and do the same so we can send a true conservative to the White House. Polls…
 You bet I voted Ted Cruz 
  for jobs, freedom and security  See u @ the  party tonight! 
Honored to earn the support of  
 We’re on pace to have our best fundraising day yet. Help put us over the top —&gt;   
Thank you, Governor! 
Have you voted yet?  now:  
 Today, Wisconsin primary voters, by voting for can move America one step closer to Constitutional government.
 National Right to Life endorsed Ted Cruz, the only candidate "who has always been pro-life"  
Honored to welcome 50 additional Wisconsin clergy and faith leaders to the  this afternoon!  
Thank you! 
 is it hard to tell who I voted for? Great town hall yesterday in Madison and see you tonight  
 before the polls close tonight in Wisconsin:  
 OOPS! Too bad Trump, National Right to Life just endorsed Ted Cruz!  
 NEW: National Right to Life backs Cruz after Trump stumbles on abortion  
Wisconsin, I’m asking for your support today!   
 Roger and Linda Yergens voted for Ted Cruz in Waukesha. "I don't need an apprentice in the White House," he said. 
 After Trump's abortion flip-flops, National Right to Life decides to support in all upcoming primaries: 
Gov.​: I believe offers our children the best future going forward. 
Wisconsin:  today: 
Congrats to  Karen ; her husband who won our  contest! Thank you for the support! 
Thank you Waukesha!  tomorrow:  
  on abortion: “I’m pro-life. I believe that we should protect every human life… from the moment of conception.” 
  “ObamaCare is the biggest job killer in this country. Millions of Americans are hurting under it.” 
 I’m LIVE on the now. Listen here: 
 WATCH Ted Cruz rally LIVE in Waukesha, WI  
 Carly Fiorina speaking now at rally in Waukesha, Wisconsin live now on 
Read more about my Simple Flat Tax Plan here:  
  campaigns in Waukesha, WI – LIVE shortly on C-SPAN   
 Just hrs ahead of the pivotal  ; Gov join yours truly on  You won't want…
We're well positioned to compete for every vote in Wisconsin:   
 Gelato for the family at Glorioso's, Milwaukee's 70-yr-old family deli 
We should protect all life!   
  ; at town hall, along with ;   
  Outperforms in North Dakota  
  makes a stop at the Mars Cheese Castle in a semi-snowy Kenosha, Wisconsin. 
 The latest poll in  shows in the lead, which candidate will win the state? 
 Don't miss my special hour-long interview w/ at 9 pm ET on The  on 
 Here’s a GREAT PREVIEW of Ted Cruz’s town hall with Megyn Kelly   
Trump predicts "big win" tomorrow. The people of Wisconsin may have something different to say....  
 Good to talk with about why I'm supporting for president. 
 POLL: Ted Cruz expands Wisconsin lead over Donald Trump  
 READ: CRUSHES in North Dakota – Ted dominates in delegates:  
  Had a Really Tremendous Weekend Headed Toward WisconsinBy  
 Cruz crushes in North Dakota  
TOMORROW:  in Wisconsin: 
  launches final push ahead of Wisconsin primary, by 
  leads in latest Wisconsin polls 
 Big delegate win for Ted Cruz in North Dakota today  
 in Wisconsin:  
 TED CRUZ HUMILIATES TRUMP in North Dakota delegate pickup – team Trump declares victory!  
 Ted Cruz Wins Pennsylvania Conservative Straw Poll 
 Good conversations alongside at in Wausau. 
Thrilled to have vote of confidence of GOP voters in ND who delivered a resounding victory:  
 Great rally with in Green Bay. Also joined by ; On to next stop. 
 Poll shows leading significantly with women in the GOP  
  speaking the truth in Green Bay      
The people of Wisconsin care about bringing jobs back to America and seeing wages rise. 
 Doors about to open at the rally at the KI Convention Center in Green Bay.   
 Tonette, Alex ; I enjoyed service with Ted and Heidi Cruz this morning. Thanks to Highland Crest Baptist Church for your h…
Watch announcing his endorsement on yesterday:    
 Ted Cruz OBLITERATES Trump in Pennsylvania ‘Leadership Conference’ Straw Poll!!  
WISCONSIN:  on Tuesday: 
 join me and tomorrow in Madison, Wisconsin: 
It's not just 1, but 2 branches of govt that hang in the balance this election:   
 Clean sweep for Ted Cruz in early stages of Colorado delegate hunt  
 A crowd of supporters near Green Bay wait for Cruz. They turn a Packers cheer into a Cruz cheer 
 Ted Cruz has now won 6 of Colorado's GOP delegates to national convention....(he swept CD1 and CD6) copolitics kdvr… 
Honored to earn the endorsement of Wisconsin Congressman   
 Wisconsin Congressman Reid Ribble Announces His Endorsement of Ted Cruz 
 BREAKING: Ted Cruz wins straw poll at PA Leadership Conference with 65%!     
 and we'll see a president who will stand with the people of Wisconsin and Americans everywhere!
The big game on Monday.  HQ. And my hometown of Houston!Enter before the contest ends at midnight ; 
 WATCH and : Governor On Tuesday, please join me in supporting  
Join and me in Madison, WI, on Monday:  
TUESDAY:  in Wisconsin: 
 Cruz: Trump would be ‘trainwreck,’ lose to Clinton by ‘double digits’  | AP Photo 
Thanks Alex! 
  "We are going to keep the federal government the heck out of the way ; develop our resources."
 Meet Anthony-he made over 1300 phone calls yesterday!   
 Great to be in Fargo with for the North Dakota GOP Convention! 
 Cruz arrives to a standing O 
 Incredible enthusiasm for at the  convention  
 Cruz does Fargo 
It was great having my mom, and on the trail with me in Madison earlier this week!
 is a leader who's not afraid to take on powerful special interests  
  poll shows leading in Wisconsin with 42%. 
 After intro from Gov gets most enthusiastic welcome at Milwaukee GOP dinner. 
Thanks so much for joining us on the trail, 
Gov. Ted Cruz is a leader who recognizes this isn’t about him. It’s about our country.  
 Charles Krauthammer says Ted Cruz's closest foreign policy "analog" is Ronald Reagan:  via 
Thx! 
 Wow what a crowd at Serb Hall. They loved 
  I will not compromise away your religious liberty. I will not compromise away your second amendment right to keep…
 hits Trump on donations to Democrats and Obama on Cuba but biggest applause line is call to abolish the IRS 
  notes is one of 5 former GOP presidential candidates who now endorses him
 Standing O for - very pro-Cruz crowd in Milwaukee - intro'ed by Gov Scott  Walker ; calls him "a rock star" 
 Join us Monday in Madison!RSVP ---;  
  “We’re assembling the old Reagan coalition, and that’s what it takes to win.”  
 MON. 9p ET: Just 1 day ahead of the critical battle for  goes one-on-one with yours truly for a full ho…
  “Our constitutional rights are under assault... and America has receded from leadership in the world.” 
 "It remains to be seen if Cruz can win Pennsylvania, but he just won the Radisson ballroom." 
If I'm elected president, we WILL   
 and are barnstorming Wisconsin. The response? "What a team!"  
 Excited to be campaigning with and The momentum for is building here in Wisconsin! 
The GOP needs to nominate someone who can beat Hillary Clinton in November. I can. Donald Trump cannot:  
 Only 7% of Colorado delegates are for -- yikes. 
 The Israeli act of heroism that inspired Cruz 
 WATCH: CNN covers the latest development in debate invitation for  
 Help us keep up the momentum:  
ICYMI: see what it is like on the campaign trail in Wisconsin. WATCH:  
 It's not too late to enter to win tickets to the championship game in Houston ;  
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are flip sides of the same coin  
 observing   
 Fox Business Poll shows leading in Wisconsin with 42%. 
 Ted Cruz’s moment to shine 
 CNN Covers the Latest Development in Ted Cruz's Debate Invitation for Donald Trump 
This entire primary could easily come down to the California primary. Join the   
Happy to hear accepted my challenge to debate one-on-one: 
 Fab look @ Team on the trail in Wisconsin (w/ ; more) by 
 Senator on right now with Listen live or online at 
 Had a great day yesterday out on the campaign trail with 
 A big thank you to Joseph for making so many rally signs!   
 This is how you get it done against ISIS. 
I think women right now are particularly concerned about the direction of this country: 
Help us  ;  
 Enjoyed visiting with supporters in Green Bay, WI! 
 Check out our new ad for 
 has a real plan to grow jobs and restore opportunity  
 Spent the day trailing and on campaign trail for They're crisscrossing WI 
ENTER NOW for your chance to win tickets to the championship game in Houston ;  
 JUST RELEASED: Scott Walker appears in new TV ad for Ted Cruz in Wisconsin  
Live NOW with Listen here,  
  campaign ad for can be seen here:  
Watch the ad here:    
Check it out,  
 WATCH: CNN documents how Trump changed position on abortion THREE TIMES IN THREE HOURS  
  wants to cut taxes ; control spending - just like we did in Wisconsin 
 Byron York: Ted Cruz makes case to women as poll shows lead building in Wisconsin  via
 Ted Cruz Tells About His Short-Lived Dream of Becoming an Actor  
 and we’ll see a President who will stand with the people of Wisconsin, and Americans everywhere.
 Tonight on  Senator ;  practical joke ideas from htt…
 Watch me with – tonight on ABC!  
 This is true, and nobody would call Jen a Cruz apologist. Or me. 
 WATCH Ted Cruz’s ‘Women for Cruz’ rally with  MOM!   
 Audio/transcript: re his endorsement of and Rule 40: 
 Backstage at  - NEW show tonight with Senator 11:35|10:35c  
So great to have and my mom on the campaign trail with me today!  
  reading  on Show     
If I'm elected president, we will repeal Obamacare and peel back the EPA! Join the  
 Tune in to tonight at 11:35 pm ET! 
 Senator on  tonight 
We shouldn’t be talking about punishing women; we should affirm their dignity and gift to bring life into the world 
  Misleadingly Labels Muslim Brotherhood Line 'False' 
  
 Heidi Cruz + Carly Fiorina campaign together at Miss Katie's Diner in Milwaukee, a popular trail stop.  
 WATCH: Ted Cruz is out with great new 60-second TV ad in Wisconsin called ‘Opportunity’  
Trump supported Dem politicians who've made it difficult for average Americans to get ahead  
 New Marquette Wisconsin Poll shows Ted Cruz with BIG LEAD over Donald Trump  
 Poll shows leading in Wisconsin with 39.6%. 
 Ted Cruz: The GOP’s Sound Money Candidate. 
 Cruz joined on stage in Madison by his mother Eleanor, wife Heidi, and Carly Fiorina. 
 Carly says at Cruz event Trump “is the system and he will preserve the system because he’s taken advantage of the system…
 Rebecca Hagelin, moderating Cruz event, asks: “Isn’t Heidi Cruz the first lady we’ve been waiting for?” HUGE applause, exte…
Did you see this?  
 We're behind the stage at the Cruz rally in Madison! Proud to stand with these patriots.  
I believe in the conservative principles upon which America was built. Join the  
 Going to be on this morning to talk about my endorsement of 
 "I believe every issue is a woman's issue," says, criticizing Democrats for trying to "pigeonhole" different vo…
  + are stumping for Wed. in Wisconsin. They'll be in Sheboygan and Fond du Lac. 
 "I want to make sure my daughters... grow up in a world where they truly can achieve anything.  -
 Ted Cruz tells an AWESOME story about his mom during the CNN Townhall [VIDEO]  
I have been blessed to be surrounded by strong women my entire life.  
 just rocked the 
On my very first day in office, I’ve pledged to direct the Department of Education that Common Core ends that day. 
 I totally agree with on allowing our veterans the ability to see the doctors they want to instead of just the…
I give you my word, if I am elected president, there will be real accountability at the VA. 
I want to make sure my daughters, Caroline and Catherine, grow up in a world where they truly can achieve anything. 
The answer is to beat Donald Trump at the ballot box, and that’s what we’re fighting every day to do. 
Nominating Donald Trump would be a train wreck. It would be handing the White House over to Hillary Clinton. 
I want this race to stay focused on policies, issues, and solutions to the problems facing America 
I have a plan to secure the border and end illegal immigration:  
I think we need a president that takes the burdens off farmers so it is easier for them to do their jobs 
Our focus in Syria should not be on toppling Assad, but completely and utterly destroying ISIS 
I’m asking you to vote for me because I’ve spent a lifetime fighting to defend the Constitution and the Bill of Rights 
As president, I will wake up every single day fighting radical Islamic terrorism and working to defeat it 
  - "We need a commander-in-chief who is actually focused on keeping our country safe."  
We are not competing to stop Trump. We are competing to win the nomination. Join us:  
Here we go at the  -- tune in to  
 Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker endorses Ted Cruz's presidential bid  
 Trump, Cruz ; Kasich face voters in Wisconsin. moderates  at 8p  
 Tune in to the  tonight at 8 pm ET! 
 Great read by - Why endorsement matters - 
Join Governor in supporting our campaign:    
 if you agree should make this a recurring series. 
 In honor of   would like to recognize those who served ; sacrificed in the name of freedom. 
 A sticker on your head = strong commitment in cedarburg Wisconsin 
 Ted Cruz arrives in Cedarburg  
 Excited to see endorse as we get closer to the Wisconsin primary. 
 Today we are proud to endorse Ted Cruz for President. 
 Cruz Challenges Trump to One-on-One Debate in Wisconsin 
The American people are dynamic and capable of anything. We just need to get government out of the way!
  "a principled constitutional conservative who understands that power belongs to the states" htt…
Read more about my Simple Flat Tax plan that allows us to   
 Ted Cruz now has five former 2016 rivals backing his campaign:Carly FiorinaJeb BushLindsey GrahamRick PerryScott …
 Cruz to Trump: Let's debate tonight instead of town hall  
Can you imagine these words coming out of Barack Obama’s mouth? Today’s Dem Party is no longer the party of JFK. 
This election is going to come down to three critical issues: jobs, freedom, and security. 
Join Gov. in supporting our campaign ;   
LIVE in Brookfield, Wisconsin now! Tune in,  
 [UPDATED WITH AUDIO] — Scott Walker ENDORSES Ted Cruz!  
I'm honored to earn the endorsement of Gov.​:  Help us  
 After the failed Obama-Clinton Admin, Americans want leadership. I endorse a principled constitutional conservat…
 Walker: Ted Cruz is best positioned by far to win the Republican nomination and then go on to beat Hillary Clinton in t…
 Walker: "It's time to elect a strong new leader, and I've chosen to support Ted Cruz... I believe he's a constitutional…
 Conservative radio host firebombs Donald Trump in brutal interview 
  Trump insulting Heidi Cruz was UTTERLY STUPID, Ted Cruz ‘as good as I’ve ever seen’ – Newt Gingrich 
 Ted Cruz challenges Donald Trump to one-on-one debate, says Trump "is scared to debate"  
  calls on Trump to debate him in Wisconsin   
   responded by directly going after my wife, Heidi. By threatening my wife, by attacking her..." 
  “I have never said a negative word about wife or anyone in his family ; nor would I.” 
 WATCH: "Who cares what Donald is tweeting?" 
  “These are serious times ; we need a president who is up to the task ; knows how to turn things around.” 
  "I am confident that when we win nomination, we will continue to bring the party together."
 join us in Brookfield, WI, tomorrow morning: 
 Please help this to become reality! His tax plan is THE BEST!   
 BREAKING: Wisconsin Pro-Life Group Backs Cruz Over Trump: He’s “Always Been Pro-Life”   
  speaking now, intro'ing Cruz. 
If I'm elected president, America will have a Commander in Chief committed to defeating radical Islamic terrorism 
 Just touched down in the land of cheese curds and the great Governor Walker. See you soon, 
We need real solutions for the real problems in this country -- that's the focus of my campaign: 
 Ted Cruz to Media: WHO CARES WHAT DONALD IS TWEETING LATE AT NIGHT?  
 WATCH: "Who cares what Donald is tweeting?" 
 After a weekend of completing my tax return I'm ready for this!!!! 
Want to  We can do it with my tax plan:  Join us: 
  shakes hands, poses for pictures inside the Altoona Family Restaurant in Wisconsin 
  is running for president to restore opportunity, raise wages, and bring jobs back to America: 
  to rally w/ Tues in MKE suburb Brookfield (In WOW counties, the conservative heart of WI): 
 Here's the interview with Trump that everyone is talking about —&gt; 
I'm running for president to restore opportunity, raise wages ; bring jobs back to America: 
Help us  ; 36.2 31.4 20.8%
 Wisconsin Poll: 36, 31, 21  
The evil that is radical Islamism struck in Pakistan today in a shocking display of savagery: 
Join the   
 Wisconsin Poll: 36, 31, 21  
‘Let your Spirit descend.And renew the face of the earth,the face of this land.’ 
 edges out 38% to 35%, in our  straw poll. in 3rd, but with strong showing. 
 "Ted Cruz has narrowed Trump’s previous huge lead from 18% to just 3%! 
Coloring Easter eggs with Caroline and Catherine!  
 has a long history of helping to elect liberal Democrats  
Also a recipient of donations:  
It should come as no shock that would be a financier of Democrats:  
 Tomorrow on will talk   ; 2016. Tune in at 2p ; 6p ET on  
The is no Republican and he’s certainly no conservative:  He donated—&gt; 
 WOW: New Fox News National Poll Shows Ted Cruz Has Destroyed Trump’s Lead 
The is no Republican and he’s certainly no conservative:  He donated—&gt; 
 Poll: Of remaining GOP contenders, only loses to in a head-to-head matchup. 
The is no Republican and he’s certainly no conservative:  He donated—&gt; 
The is no Republican and he’s certainly no conservative:  He donated—&gt; 
 Ted Cruz SEVERELY CUTS Trump’s national lead from 18% to 3% in ONE MONTH!!  
The is no Republican and he’s certainly no conservative:  He donated—&gt; 
 has supported Democrat politicians who have made it difficult for average Americans to get ahead.
Fox Poll: Millennials  over Clinton, Trump  
  issues a statement endorsing Our story from this afternoon:  
 What America needs is a conservative Texas Republican in the White House who will make us proud and whose wife will mak…
 It's time to spill the beans on SHE'S FABULOUS! 🔥🔥 
 During his stop, had fish fry and visited   
 This woman is so strong and has so much courage I am proud to be   
 Happy Birthday to my  crew mate Jim Lovell! 
 Former Lt. Governor David Dewhurst endorses for President 
 Wonderful day in Wisconsin with Caroline and Catherine! 
As president, I'll fight for you:  WATCH:
  poses at Vince Lombardi's desk with daughter Caroline and Packers Hall of Famer KGB 
 The Green Bay Packers' all-time sacks leader endorses Ted Cruz  
NEW POLL: Cruz: 36.2%Trump: 31.4%Kasich: 20.8%Help us  ; 
This weekend, Christians remember the most transformative event in history – Christ’s crucifixion and resurrection: 
Donald Trump’s consistently disgraceful behavior is beneath the office we are seeking and we are not going to follow 
I want to be crystal clear: these attacks are garbage: 
  "It will not be sufficient for a president to hide in his tower and send tweets at Putin. 'Putin invaded anot…
  on the idea of a back-and-forth with Trump: "Let's be clear — One person has been childish: Donald J. Trump."
 A Cruz Supporter Shares a Side of You’ve Never Seen  
 Wisconsin Poll: 36, 31, 21  
  at Lakeside Plastics in Oshkosh, WI: "We're here at the largest manufacturer of road cones in the USA." 
As Washington pads Wall Street’s pockets, hardworking Americans get left behind. My tax plan will change that.
 Fox Poll:  choose over Clinton, Trump  
The is a Democrat and should not be our Party’s nominee  
 Wisconsin Poll: Cruz 36, Trump 31, Kasich 21 
Join us:  
 Free Beacon Poll: Expands Lead Over in Wisconsin  
Thank you, Janesville, for joining me yesterday to talk jobs, freedom, and security!  
OK, this is pretty funny.... 
  just challenged to join on stage at next week's CNN town ball and debate him 1-o…
 A below-the-radar but important win for 
 Heidi Cruz, wife of Ted Cruz, to appear in SJ   
 On Our Future First Lady (I Hope)  
 supports the most liberal New York Democrats   
 Cruz spokeswoman Alice Stewart challenges Trump to join Cruz on the stage for the CNN town hall next week in Wisconsin.
 is scared of seeing Republicans uniting behind our campaign. 
 Cruz on "Isn't she going to make an amazing First Lady? Heidi's been in the news the past couple days." 
 Check out interview w/ at    via  
 Today, I am proudly announcing my endorsement of Senator Ted Cruz to be the next President of the United States.... 
 Introducing in Janesville, WI-- 
 Now introducing at his rally in Janesville, Wisconsin:
 Poll shows leading in Wisconsin with 36%.  
 Ted Cruz says Donald Trump has "very little understanding of foreign policy"   
 also gave many gifts to the Democratic party:  
 is scared 
 Here's the video of Cruz's comments today after a factory tour in Wisconsin: 
Thank you  Help us  —&gt;  
The is a Democrat and should not be our Party’s nominee:  
Get to know the  
 Ted Cruz has DENOUNCED the ad, and said spouses are OFF LIMITS! – Cruz spokeswoman Stewart  
 has spent decades supporting liberal Democratic politicians. I have not. 
 New polls show gaining on |  
We've got two weeks. The entire country is looking to Wisconsin: Help us  —&gt; 
 In the new Fox News national poll, Cruz performs 14 points better against Hillary than Trump. 14 points.
Donald, real men don't attack women. Your wife is lovely, and Heidi is the love of my life.  
  on Heidi: "She’s dealt with a lot of garbage in the business world...Heidi Cruz is not scared 1 iota by a bellow…
  today...NYC at 6:10am.Wisconsin at 10:15pm. 
  "being a conservative means understanding the principles of the American Founding." 
  joining in  for a little discussion     
Help us  —&gt;  
  is running a highly organized grassroots campaign and I believe he will win the nomination.  
 has been supporting leftwing, liberal Democratic politicians for 40 years.
 Trump still leads GOP field in new national poll, but look at how close Cruz now is in 2nd  
As president, I'll sign a  of Obamacare. Help make today Obamacare's last anniversary: 
 New Wisconsin Poll is Big News for Ted Cruz 
 BOOM! Ted Cruz Schools Three CBS Leftists on Radical Islamic Terrorism [VIDEO] 
Let's debate, has agreed to moderate.
 Miss Ted Cruz's appearance on The Factor last night? Check it out here: 
Thank you  for an amazing year! Help us  ; 
 Congratulations to on his big win in Utah last night.  
 Ted Cruz: "If a Republican cannot carry the state of Utah, which Donald Trump cannot, you are looking at a Mondale-leve…
 WATCH:  
 Wonderful Republican Women's luncheon in Pewaukee, WI today!  
A stark contrast:​ has been funding leftwing Dems for 40 years. I have no experience with that.
 In Manhattan, cites Cuomo, Clinton, Weiner, Spitzer and Rangel as New York Democrats Trump has supported.
 WATCH LIVE: Ted Cruz NYC rally 
LIVE on   speaking to New York Republican Women's Club 
 We might be in NYC, but long line to get into the event. 
 has agreed to moderate a debate -- what do you say?
 WATCH: On defends his proposal to patrol Muslim neighborhoods  
Thx! 
When I'm Commander in Chief, we will utterly destroy ISIS and defeat radical Islamic terrorism: 
 BREAKING: Jeb Bush endorses Ted Cruz for President  
 Ted Cruz: "Withdrawing from NATO would be a catastrophic mistake"  
 BREAKING. Club For Growth Endorses Ted Cruz 
  foreign policy is a foreign policy of weakness and isolationism," says 
 "When I'm commander-in-chief, we will utterly destroy ISIS and defeat radical Islamic terrorism," says 
 Ted Cruz says Jeb Bush endorsement proves he has support from a "broad coalition"  
 "Last night was a terrific victory" -- discusses  on 
 On calls last night a "terrific victory." Utah is the "10th state where we've beaten Donald Trump," Cruz …
 I am endorsing Ted is a consistent, principled conservative who has shown he can unite the party. 
  in,  
 Club for Growth PAC endorses for President 
 Jeb Bush calls Ted Cruz a "principled conservative" and urges fellow Republicans to reject Donald Trump 
Honored to earn the support of Governor Join him in supporting our campaign: 
 Happening now: happy Wednesday. Join us 8am ET, …
  CNN projects Texas Sen. Ted Cruz meets the 50% threshold needed to win all of Utah's 40 delegates
Thank you Utah! Help us  by contributing today ---;  
 is live tomorrow from 6-9am ET. We'll have full  coverage/updates from  w…
Miss my discussion with Bill O'Reilly from earlier tonight? Watch it here: 
Pic of your wife not from us. Donald, if you try to attack Heidi, you're more of a coward than I thought.  
  proposes that Bill O'Reilly moderate a debate between him and  
  "We've had 12 million people come into this country illegally. We are not securing the border right now." 
Joining Bill O'Reilly on the -- tune in! 
 ICYMI: Why We Are Endorsing Ted Cruz  via
Today's terrorist attacks underscore the need for a strong Commander in Chief:  
 Today is the day, my fellow Arizonans. Don't forget to vote the  in the race.  
 Why We Are Endorsing Ted Cruz  via
 'If you won't identify it, you can't defeat it. IT IS radical Islamic terrorism' phone interview with  
ICYMI: My interview with earlier today. Hope you'll listen!   
 I voted for my first time today! Of course I voted for today. GET OUT AND VOTE TODAY!  
 I voted for Ted Cruz this morning in Mesa, AZ. He wants to take power out of DC ; return it to the people. 
Utah,  today:  
 The Eiffel Tower is lit up in solidarity with Brussels — via  
Arizona,  today:  
If I am president, we will defeat radical Islamic terrorism: 
Honored to earn the support of   
TODAY: I'll be on with at 4:45 pm ET and the at 8 pm ET. Tune in,  
 WATCH: on and  'He should be here, keeping America safe'   
 New-  Rep endorses for President.  
 Done.  
Will be LIVE on the program in just a few minutes. Listen here,  
  “[Obama] will not even name this enemy, much less do what is necessary to defeat it.” 
 Cruz gave a great speech at AIPAC 
 Online petition: insist that Trump debate Cruz, one-on-one 
Will be live on at 11:10 am ET. Tune in!
We need to execute a coherent campaign to utterly destroy ISIS:  
  “ is wrong that America should retreat from Europe, retreat from   
 JUST IN: Ted Cruz: This "extreme strain of Islam" must be defeated   
  responds to  attacks: 
We will name our enemy -- radical Islamic terrorism. And we will defeat it. 
That ends on January 20, 2017, when I am sworn in as president: 
Radical Islam is at war with us. For over 7 years we have had a president who refuses to acknowledge this reality 
Our hearts break for the men and women of Brussels this morning: 
 When thrown a left hook, swings back w/ a solid right.  Love of freedom  
Honored to have the support of Congressmen Gosar, Salmon, Franks, and Schweikert ahead of tomorrow's primary in AZ: 
Why must this POTUS always agree with our enemies ; refuse to defend our interests? Good news: only 305 days to go 
  "The barrier to peace is not Israel."  
Tune in to now,   
 Is up next on
The nation of Israel, like America, is a beacon of light unto the world 
Many candidates have made this promise. Here's the difference... I will do it.  
On my first day in office, I will rip this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal to shreds 
  “I will lead very, very differently from the current administration.”   
America and Israel are in the fight together against radical Islamic terrorism  
Speaking now at  Watch live here:  
As president, I will stand with Israel  
 WATCH: Ted Cruz calls Kasich a SPOILER, says maybe he’s auditioning to be Trump’s VP  
  “If I am president, America will not be neutral. We will stand unapologetically with… Israel.” 
  to “Every vote for is a vote for  
 Cruz Geofilter for  calls out Trump for "neutral" comments RE: Israel ==&gt; 
At  and on Look for our filters! 
  taping w/ tune in tonight     
 Successful fundraiser w pro-Israel community for When comes to reliable defender of Israel he's head ; shoul…
 What is strategy for Utah ; Arizona? He goes one-on-one w/yours truly at 9p ET to discuss the crucial upcoming s…
   
 Why We Are Endorsing Ted Cruz   
 I'll talk to presidential candidates ; tonight. Have a ? for them? Tweet ; may end up on air! 
 It's clear that conservatives in WI have one choice to defeat both Trump ; Clinton ; that is
If I'm elected president, America will stand unapologetically with Israel:   
 Utah Governor: I’m voting for Ted Cruz tomorrow night and you should too  
 I will join Mitt Romney in casting my ballot tomorrow night for Texas Senator Ted Cruz.  
Freedom can come to Cuba, but it cannot happen by enriching and empowering the dictatorship  
  In Cuba, Obama Will Legitimize the Corrupt and Ignore the Oppressed  | AP 
UTAH: 53% 29 11% 
  gets the endorsement of Charlie Sykes, big-name conservative radio host in Wisconsin: 
  
Proud to earn the support of    
Was great to join and so many friends across Utah:   on Tuesday: 
America can never be 'neutral', we must stand unequivocally with the people of Israel.  
In a Cruz administration, moving the American embassy to Jerusalem will happen on day one.  
Donald Trump is WRONG! As President, America will stand united with our ally Israel.  
Donald Trump is WRONG! As President, America will stand united with our ally Israel.  
Your thoughts, prayers, and action would be greatly appreciated in helping Southeast Texans: 
I have a word for the people of Cuba who will witness the gaudy spectacle in Havana: America has not forgotten you: 
 Inbox: AZ Congressman Matt Salmon Endorses Ted Cruz for President 
 Cruz with commanding lead in Utah. Kasich remains the spoiler. 
 GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz at First Start Church in Peoria today 
New Utah poll: Cruz: 53% Kasich 29%Trump 11%Help us  
 join me in Peoria, AZ TODAY! Details: 
 Fiorina: "Ted Cruz is a fearless fighter, you must send him to the Oval Office"  
The biggest divide we have in politics is between career politicians in Washington—in both parties—and the people. 
 Utah's lieutenant governor endorses Ted Cruz  
 New BYU poll shows seen here Saturday in Provo, with big lead in Utah   
Once again, Israelis and Americans mourn the victims of terror together. 
 "Utah has a national platform on Tuesday" Ted Cruz tells excited crowd. Utah has 40 available GOP delegates.  
 Ted Cruz at Provo High: "We are here today because our country is in crisis" Crowd chants "USA, USA"  
 Taste of the crowd here in Provo at Ted Cruz rally  
 Mike Lee speaking in his hometown of Provo   
Honored to earn the endorsement of Utah Lt. Gov.   
 Utah Lt Gov Spencer J Cox tells Provo crowd "Utah matters!" Says is voting for Ted Cruz.  
 Utah Lt. Gov. Spencer Cox, a former Rubio supporter, announces he's voting for Ted Cruz.
 Cruz rally in Provo; 
 Standing room only in Provo today.   
 WATCH NOW: to speak at rally in Provo. at the event.  
 A packed crowd at Provo High School for Ted Cruz rally. Watch speech live on starting soon! 
Dear  don't be scared. It seems you're confused on some of my policy positions. Let's debate and clear this up.
  jumped out of the vehicle to thank the overflow crowd for joining us today    
 Michael Barone: Only Ted Cruz can stop Donald Trump  
I want to thank the people of Utah for sending​ to represent you in the United States Senate!
 If you aren't able to attend my Campaign kickoff tune into the link below to listen live! 
  "It is our responsibility to stand for the constitution"  
  "When I think I of Mike, I think of 3 words: Principle, Courage and Accountability"   htt…
  brings Lady Liberty and Lady Justice line to the stump for "She stands tall and strong." 
 Mike Lee re-elect kick off in Draper, Utah, where Cruz set to appear. (They sing extra verse of Nat'l Anthm here?) 
 Rally with and 
 An honor to be in a room with these men I hope my son is taking it all in! 
Watch live,   
If you're here illegally, the law provides you are deported. As POTUS, that's what we'll do!  
 ICYMI: and checked out the southern border in Douglas, AZ today. 
 Crowd at rally had their phones out for 
The federal government is failing to do its job. As President, I'll FINALLY secure the border! 
 Inside the rally, waiting for 
 Today we drove 16 mi down a gravel road to greet at the border 
 Before his PHX rally made a stop to tour the border and speak with ranchers. 
As president, I'll secure the border ; stop illegal immigration, and I have a plan to do it:  
 If we judge a leader on his record, we know what Trump will do: use public power for private gain. 
  in Douglas, Arizona: Obama says the border's secure. "Well, I invite him: Move the White House down to the sou…
 Former US Senator Phil Gramm (R-Texas) endorses 
Getting a firsthand account of challenges facing law enforcement at Arizona/Mexico border  
Thank you, Governor! 
 LISTEN: to 14 y/o listener: "You're asking me if I think can win, yes I do." 
 I ran for president because I believe it is time to take our country back from Washington. 
 Help us March to Victory ;  
  
 Proud to be part of national security team with so many people I admire, esp candidate who will protect US ht…
Listen here,   
 Ted Cruz Campaign Circulates Video Of Andrew Breitbart Saying Trump ‘Not A Conservative’  
 We need to unite behind the  
Andrew Breitbart on Donald Trump... WATCH ;
Tune in tonight,   
 In fairness, also donated to Reid and Pelosi.  
Then why did you contribute thousands of dollars to her? 
As President, I'll end Common Core! 
 Come join Senator Lee's official campaign kick-off! Request a ticket in link below!   ht…
I look forward to joining my friend in Utah on Saturday: 
 Former Texas Governor Rick Perry speaking at ASU in support of Senator Ted Cruz  
 This should end the suspense, —&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
Honored to earn the support of   
 New Cruz ad features father of son slain by illegal immigrant  
 Why says only Ted Cruz can stop Donald Trump  
Don’t take a chance on this new release coming to ballot boxes in November 2016...  
As president, I will secure our borders and stop illegal immigration.Join us: 
 Cruz campaign circulates video of Andrew Breitbart saying "of course" Trump is not a conservative: 
This is the moment for all those who believe in a strong America to come together and craft a new path forward: 
 Rubio calls the 'only conservative left in the race'  
If I’m elected president, America will stand unapologetically with Israel! 
Why is afraid to debate? Watch: 
 Rubio Says Cruz ‘only conservative left in the race’  
 Once again, Ted Cruz challenges Donald Trump to a one-on-one debate  
 
 Missed this — is campaigning for tomorrow in Arizona, with 3 stops planned across the state: htt…
  “If I’m president… America will stand unapologetically with Israel."  
 Thanking rescue personnel at the Orange County airport for helping flood victims.  
 I know  and trust him as a man of deep  who will do what he believes is right regardless of the consequences. …
 JUST IN: Ted Cruz hosting Fri. night Phoenix rally w/Glenn Beck ; Rick Perry. Tickets required but they're free: 
  can’t duck us for the rest of this campaign:   
 Inbox: U.S. Rep. David Schweikert of Arizona endorses Ted Cruz for president.
 Michael Barone: Only Ted Cruz can stop Donald Trump 
Honored to earn the endorsement of Rep.  
 Catch me on the Kelly File with on at 9 pm ET tonight! 
 Gov. Nikki Haley now backing Ted Cruz 
 Nikki Haley backs Ted Cruz  | AP Photo 
 Gov. siding with after drops out of presidential race.  
  TX co-chairs now backing  
 Statement from on Supreme Court nomination  
 Happy birthday to the Father of the Constitution, James Madison! 
Merrick Garland is exactly the type of  nominee you get when you make deals in Washington D.C. 
  is back with  hitting Trump for skipping next week's   
 Exclusive! 25 things you don't know about  
 strikes again. Tell to debate ;  
 Marco Rubio's adviser says conservatives should rally around Ted Cruz   
  calls for unity behind Cruz  
I'll continue telling the truth ; standing up to Washington. Help us  ; 
 Happening now: spokesperson says time to unite behind Cruz.
 Brokered convention w/ new establishment candidate would be a "disaster" says adds he's focused on voters. 
  "I will rip to shreds this Iranian nuclear deal on the first day in office."  
Miss the  speech from Houston? WATCH:    
  “The nominee at this point is going to be or How can it not be?” 
I wish Marco, Jeanette, and their four kids the very best: 
 story embodies the promise of America. He will continue to be a champion for limitless opportunity: 
 I've declared a state of disaster in 17 counties because of flooding. Texans will come together to help Texans. 
 Finally got to proudly submit my vote for today!!   
Thank you! 
 is the only one who can beat Donald Trump!   
 Voted for today in Miami, FL. Less than 2 hrs left 2 vote/FL.  Let's get this done.   
 Got my vote in   
Thank you! 
 Trump DONATED to California AG known for her staunch advocacy of SANCTUARY CITIES  
OHIO: There is still time to  before the polls close today!  
NOH CAROLINA: There is still time to  before the polls close today!  
ILLINOIS: There is still time to  before the polls close today!  
MISSOURI: There is still time to  before the polls close today!  
FLORIDA: There is still time to  before the polls close today!  
 we need your help to March to Victory. Join us ; 
Thank you! 
 It’s time to unite behind a candidate who will fight for the American people:  
  
 Barbara Birmingham poses w/ daughter Vivien, whom she just adopted from Tanzania. Birmingham's for Cruz.  htt…
 Get out and vote!   
Thank you! 
 first election I got to be a part of and gave my vote to this morning!  🇺🇸🙌🏻❤️💙 
 As a Christian and a Constitutionalist, I'm proud to say I will be voting for ; I encourage you to do the same
Florida, Illinois, Missouri, North Carolina, and Ohio:  TODAY:  
 The Missouri House Conservative Caucus endorses for President of the United States.     
Thx for coming out tonight! 
 Fifth and final stop in Illinois today. Cruz fills up iWorship in Springfield, Illinois 
  addresses this rowdy crowd at almost 10:30pm at night in Springfield, IL, the night before the primary. 
Thank you! 
Florida, Illinois, Missouri, North Carolina, and Ohio: get ready to  tomorrow! 
 Ted Cruz Rally in Decatur IL packed out crowd  
 Check out this massive crowd for in Decatur, IL. If I had to guess - I'd put my money on Cruz in IL tmrw. 
 Ted Cruz on Trump donations in IL: "Just how addled would you be to wake up one day with $50,000 ; say, 'This needs to …
Download and fill out your bracket NOW for your chance to win a signed basketball:  
  great to be with so many  in Decatur     
Proud to earn the endorsement of in North Carolina! 
 Ted Cruz Rally in Decatur!  
While the fights for a better future for Illinois, gave $12,500 to the Cook County Democratic Party!
 Tune in to the now: 
Wow -- what a crowd! Thank you Peoria. Get ready to  tomorrow:  
 But my support for — as rock solid as it is — is not based on idolatry, hero-worship, or cult of personality. H…
 The voters are now faced with a simple choice: who do you want to be our Republican nominee and next President: 
 It was a pleasure to meet ; Rafael Cruz as they campaign for across our great state.  
 Crowd here for in Peoria, Illinois are standing for the entirety of Cruz's stump speech. 
  wants to stay neutral between Palestinians and Israel. Don't remain neutral; vote 
  wraps up third stop in Peoria, Illinois ; crowd goes crazy. 
  standing with the American people!      
 The Peoria Civic Center Theater is packed for Ted Cruz. 
 This is Azelie, the newest member of the   
 "I found [Blagojevich] to be a very nice guy." So nice he gave him $7,000!
"As a former supporter of Marco Rubio, I appeal to my fellow Floridians: It's time to join arms with Ted Cruz": 
 Ted Cruz endorsed by Rev Bill Owens        
Honored to have so many top Florida leaders supporting our campaign:   
 Trump has funded some of the "worst actors" in Chicago politics, says.
Saddened to hear the news about Todd. Heidi and I will be keeping him and the entire Palin family in our thoughts and prayers.
 Why I believe in as THE "R" nominee. He SAYS and DOES! Supporting the nominee, Iowa ethanol subsidies, Cong Obamac…
 How Cruz handles protesters, hecklers  
​ has been a key funder of liberal Democrats whose policies have failed the people of Illinois.
 Berger endorses the "Conservative who can win in November."   
 Perhaps most importantly, Cruz is the most qualified candidate to select the next  justice 
 Cruz blasts Trump for donating thousands to Blago  | AP photo 
 Enjoyed breakfast with the  in Conover, NC. Make sure to go out and vote for tomorrow! 
 put $$ where his mouth is when he said "maybe we shouldn't be so opposed to Rahm." Gave him $50K! 
 To appear on the Vince Coakley Radio Program today. Stay tuned so you don't miss it!
Happy to be in Illinois today to offer a bold contrast from beneficiaries of contributions: Rod Blagojevich ; Rahm Emanuel!
Thank you so much! 
   82 Today! 43 years ago he took the last step off the moon. Gemini9A, Apollo10, Apollo17 
 Missed out on seeing in Columbus? Watch his full speech here:   
 Spend 6hrs working on income taxes today like me? Answer for a better way? Flax Tax. Right ht…
  works N.C. tomorrow while barnstorms Ill. She's got three events in Conover and Fayetteville: 
 Great day today, made some new friends, and one of them caught a ride home with us it was a pleasure!! 
 GOP candidate Ted Cruz hosts rally in Columbus  
 Cruz sounds pro-growth msg on including the Flat Tax. This makes him the Trump alternative.
 Awesome welcome at rally in Columbus, OH.   
"A perfect 100 on the dials, a score that has never been reached before"   
I'll fight to nominate principled constitutionalists to  Join me:  
 Honor to be with at the American Rally in Charlotte. Ted's made the right enemies fighting the status quo. 
Thank you for joining us! 
 What a beautiful day in Charlotte, NC with and the  
 "I'm proud of the enemies has made challenging the status quo!" at Charlotte Motor Speedway 
  taking the stage in      
 "It is time for us to take our government and country back!" 
​: Donald Trump ; Hillary ARE the system. GOP needs to unify behind Ted Cruz:  
 Carly Fiorina speaking at Ted Cruz rally in Concord 
 Such a great venue here at The Charlotte Motor Speedway/Zmax drag way! comes on stage soon! 
 Ted Cruz pulls into 2nd in Illinois. GO TED GO!        
  Drops One-Liner at Missouri Rally That Has Room Rolling 
 Catching up with General Boykin at the event in Concord, NC. 
 join us in Rockford, Glen Ellyn, Peoria, Decatur, or Springfield, IL, on Monday:  
  was the winner of the  for the GOP with 66.3%. 
 Very proud of son in law Steve Hooten husband was named Office of the Year by Richardson TX Police Dept. 
 StL County Lincoln Dinner Presidential straw poll (280 votes)54% 10%
  dominates Wyoming GOP county delegate count 
   is the only guy who can beat
   challenges the system. The system desperately needs to be challenged."
  It would be a "disaster" for Republicans if Trump becomes nominee   
 gets large applause when he says he'll abolish the Internal Revenue Service.
 Springfield: fourth Missouri stop today - he's been speaking for a while and crowd is still standing 
 Ted Cruz dominates Wyoming county conventions, winning 9 of 12 national delegates  
 Ted Cruz crushes Donald Trump in Wyoming  
Thank you Wyoming! Help us  ;  
 JUST IN: is awarded the Campbell County delegate in Wyoming.  Current WY delegate count:Cruz-7Rubio-1Trump-…
 WY caucus results. wins another Saturday: 
 The Scalia Seat: Let the People Speak, writes 
  Straw Poll:Cruz: 88%Trump: 3%Kasich: 3%Rubio: 3%Full results:  
 PREVIEW:  Tune in tomorrow for the rest of the interview! 
 Just coming in:Sen. Ted Cruz picks up 3 more Wyoming delegates (Hot Springs, Converse, Uinta)Cruz now at 6. Rubio and…
 In most counties its not even close. Wyoming Republicans overwhelmingly voting for Ted Cruz at today's county conventions…
 Strawpoll at  results at 88%!
 We have to defeat Donald Trump at the ballot box.
 At a campaign rally in Ballwin, Missouri, warned about the consequences of a more liberal SCOTUS. 
Thank you! 
 "If Trump is the nominee, Hillary wins!" Ted Cruz tells KC crowd, many boos for Trump 
  speaking the truth in Kansas City      
  for President! Here's why:  
 Today I presented the Texas Purple Heart Award to victims of the Ft. Hood terrorist attack. God Bless our military. 
 78 Florida Pastors and Faith Leaders Endorse for President   
 Ted Cruz has a lead very early on in the Wyoming Republican caucus. Results updating live on our Elections page. 
 The scene in Ballwin, Missouri, as and take the stage 
 If elected vows to reign in ; many other gov't agencies. 
  gets huge applause when he says "When I'm elected America will stand unapologetically with the nation of Israel…
 Pledge of Allegiance at rally!  Led by 
 "Donald Trump and I are neck and neck here in the state of Missouri," says in suburban St. Louis. 
 Front row seat at Ted Cruz rally in St. Louis! Also, stopped by 😀🇺🇸  
 Packed rally of over 3000 for  in St. Louis!!!   
We're consolidating conservatives across America. Now we need YOUR help to win:   
  steps away from podium, delivers stump speech to 1,000 suburban Chicago Republicans 
  up on stage, speaking to 1,000 guests in Rolling Meadows 
  “America’s better than this. We don’t have to tear each other apart instead we can work together.” 
  “A campaign bears responsibility for creating an environment when the candidate urges supporters to engage in ph…
 Audio/transcript: on campaign cultures and one-on-one debates: 
  says there needs to be 1 on 1 debates between him and when field narrows. 
The H-1B visa program is broken and I have a plan to fix it:  
Politico reports Obama's Labor Dept. is hiring H-1B foreign workers while many Americans are jobless. That is wrong: 
  I am proud to endorse for President -OTR 
  in St Charles County for !   
Honored to earn the support of  Join the   
I hope you will join us Sunday in Concord, NC:  
 Just in: Penny Nance, the head of Concerned Women for America, endorses Ted Cruz. 
  joins for the full hour in Orlando. Tune in at 10p ET! 
 Arizona Congressman Endorses for President   
 National Review endorses 
 we need your help to March to Victory. Join us ;  
 Character is revealed over time and under pressure. Ted has stuck to the issues and appealed to our better angels.
 "Other Republicans say we should protect the Constitution. Cruz has actually done it."  
 NR's endorsement of Ted Cruz  via
  for President! Our editorial:  
 NR Editors: Ted Cruz for President 
  "We support Ted Cruz for president.” Conservatives, it's time to unite!  
  is here with Sean Hannity at Faith Assembly of God outside Orlando 
 About 1,200 Cruz supporters at the event in Orlando 
 I've seen a lot of souvenirs and accessories, but this is my first antique car  
 Missouri Congresswoman Endorses for President  
 This debate line from earned him perfect score of 100% from focus group:  
 Wow!  slamming “sanctuary cities” hit 100% with my group.Republicans want laws to be followed. Everywhere.  
 Excellent that clearly explained specifics of Common Core, Race to the Top funds.
   is Washington. He is big business. He's been part of the corruption for 40 yrs." 
  “ solution to international trade is a 45% tariff, which is a tax on you.” 
  in Miami spinning for 
  "He is the system. is Washington. He is big business. He has been part of the corruption for 40…
 Sure she's a tough reporter but is sweet 
I cannot wait to stand on the debate stage with this November:   
Together, we can and WILL defeat the    
It's time to unite to defeat Hillary in November. I'm asking for your support:   
Washington isn’t listening to the people. That's the frustration boiling over. We need to   
 Cruz, pointing out that candidates should pledge to voters, not other way around. 
Every one of us needs to show respect for the people. We need to remember who we are working for. 
America needs a president who stands w/ our friends ; allies ; who demonstrates strength to our enemies  
We need a President that understands our enemies, not one who donated to John Kerry and Hillary Clinton:  
It is a matter of public record that Donald Trump supported John Kerry and Hillary Clinton 
If I'm elected President, our military will have a Commander in Chief who will allow it to do its job!  
We need to do whatever is necessary to utterly destroy ISIS driven not by politicians, but by military expertise. 
Our next Commander in Chief needs to understand the challenges we’re facing and how to deal with them. 
 DEBATE: Ted Cruz Is Absolutely Correct On Common Core (Video) 
  How does it help you [Americans] when Trump says he's going to put a 45% tax on diapers or other products you…
 For the record, the accusations that made about on "ethanol" and "amnesty" are absolutely fal…
If you can’t pay your bills, how does it help to have a president threatening a 45% tax  
If you’re fed up with Washington, the question you ought to be asking is who has taken on Washington.  
Social Security is careening toward insolvency. We need to see political courage to take this on. 
Common Core ends on my first day as President!  us:  
Common Core is a disaster. If I’m elected President, I’ll instruct the Department of Education that it ends on my first day. 
I’ve introduced a detailed immigration plan to secure the border and stop illegal immigration. Read it:  
Watch here:    
Help us ensure freedom is there for the next generation of Americans. Join the   
 if you want to  with my Simple Flat Tax Plan!  
We need a tax plan like I’ve introduced:   
This election isn't about insults. It's about you and your children and making sure freedom is there for the next generation. 
Here we go at the  Join us on CNN: 
 The girls in front row working the iPads 
 ‘Trump won’t challenge the system – he IS THE SYSTEM!’ Fiorina WRECKS the Donald!  
 I'm supporting at the  tonight! Tune in at 8:30pm ET on 
  and will face off in the   
 to my closing statement from the last  Tune in to CNN at 8:30 pm ET tonight: 
Tune in to at 8:30 pm ET, for the final  before FL, IL, NC, MO, and OH head to the polls on Tuesday: 
 WASHINGTON TIMES 
"Don’t settle for slogans that can fit on a bumper sticker. It’s time to elect Ted Cruz." 
  in the  spin room to endorse Says it's time for party to unite. 
Humbled to earn endorsement:  Join the   
 Mins away from announcement over major endorsement. Tune in  
 Politifact is wrong, Ted Cruz is right on Donald Trump's healthcare plan  
 Cruz "knows how to run and he knows how to speak, and I believe with your help he knows how to win" 
  talks endorsement: 'We need to beat  |  
 in Coral Gables, FL: The Republican party needs to unify behind  
  on college, growing up: "My mother was the 1st in her family to go to college, my dad had come from Cuba w/ nothi…
 👥Who: CNN  Thurs 8:30p✈Where: Miami
 Mark Levin ENDORSES Ted Cruz for president — [VIDEO]  
  Head-to-head I beat resoundingly. 
 WATCH: endorse for president:. 
  "The voters have now made clear that there is only one campaign that has repeatedly beaten  
Conservatives are uniting. Tonight, announced his endorsement of our campaign on Watch: 
 Listen to discuss her support 4 and opposition to 
WATCH: on why he's endorsing our campaign.Join the   
 Audio/transcript of discussing her support of and critique of 
 Up next on talking
Tune in to tonight at 9pm ET,  
 I hit the campaign trail ; go face-to-face w/ GOP candidates ; You won’t want to miss  WEDS…
 Don’t miss LIVE on around 7:10 pm ET! 
  'It Is Time to Unite Behind  
 The great explaining her endorsement of on the show     good get again
Florida, don't miss out on the chance to get your limited edition  stickers:  
 Looking forward to talking and the Miami debate with at 5:30!
Fighting for you... and winning.Join the  
Read more ;    
   is the only proven conservative who is running for president." 
 Loved visiting our campaign office in Homer Glen, IL!   
 My fellow conservatives, stand with me to support the next President of these United States, Ted Cruz. 
  has chosen to endorse in  calling him a "fighter for constitutional rights" 
​: It's time to unite behind   
Honored to earn endorsement: Join the   
WATCH LIVE:  Rally in Miami, Florida at 10 am ET:  
Missouri: Remember in November the Democrats who filibustered over 30 hours to fight against religious liberty. 
Thank you Idaho! Help us  —&gt;  
The only power strong enough to restore this nation is "We the People" 
SUNDAY: Join me, and Chuck Norris: 
 
  
 takes the stage at Central Baptist Church in Kannapolis, NC.  
  rally in Kannapolis, NC.   
 volunteers working Florida 
 Rubio Now Fourth Nationally.  Cruz and Trump In Margin of Error  
 Live now on the show joins me to talk  listen live   ht…
Thanks for joining us and for your vote! 
 DONE!  Proudly voted for in Mississippi :) 
 Ted Cruz Overperforms Marco Rubio Against Trump:  
  packs Raleigh church, blasts Donald Trump  
No political candidate is going to make America great again. I raise my hand, and I take an oath to you, the people! 
Thank you! 
 Join us in Miami TOMORROW: 
Thank you! 
Thank you, Congressman! Honored to have your friendship and support. 
 Ted Cruz eats into Donald Trump's national lead 
 Cruz wins Senate Conservatives Fund straw poll  | AP Photo 
Thank you! 
 This is why I vote 
In Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, or Mississippi? I'm asking for your vote TODAY:   
 Ted Cruz rips Donald Trump as 'disaster' on eve of Michigan primary 
  Cruz the favorite among Larimer Republicans 
 He's really here. finally arrives at still full Michigan rally 
  on and the delegate count: “Fewer than 100 delegates separate us.”  
 I do hereby officially endorse the candidacy of Rachel Edward "Ted" Cruz for President of the United States. Vote…
 Missed this yesterday — has the backing of the only Republican in the Hawaii Senate: 
 Gardner: The case to elect ted Cruz 
 Join tonight for his interview with and  Governer Phil Bryant tonight at 10p ET on 
 Great Job !Who also happens to be The National State Legislative Co-Chair for Ted Cruz   
 Ted Cruz Scores Major Mississippi Endorsement on Election Eve | RedState 
Join me, and Chuck Norris on Sunday, March 13, at Charlotte Motor Speedway: 
LIVE on the now. Tune in here,  
 MS Gov. Phil Bryant endorses "I urge my fellow Mississippians to join me in standing behind Ted Cruz tomorrow," …
 Among the guests at rally Sunday in Concord, North Carolina: Chuck Norris 
 "Ted's 100 percent behind the constitution" said this supporter when asked why he was voting for Cruz tomorrow. 
 Ted Cruz campaigns in Mississippi on eve of election 
 Gov. Phil Bryant endorses  in the 11th hour before tomorrow’s MS primary. 
I'm honored to earn the support of Mississippi Gov.   Mississippi: 
Awesome!   
Thank you! 
 I trust as a conservative ally who consistently listens to my libertarian perspective. 
  with  it's a good day in  
 Welcome to   ! 
 Ted Cruz tells Mississippi voters he will fight for their religious freedom and gun rights. 
 BIG HAULCruz Raises $1.5 Million After Super Saturday. 
 Hundreds have gathered at Berry's Catfish Barn 8th Florence to see Texas Senator Ted Cruz 
 Full house for at Berry's Seafood in Florence, MS despite being last min. Most ppl heard from 
 Ted Cruz coming to Grand Rapids, MI TONIGHT!  When: Doors open at 7:00 PM.  Program starts at 8:00 PMWhere:... 
 The Ted Cruz surge was the clearest sign yet that Donald Trump might be at a disadvantage in a one-on-one race. 
  to Brokered convention "would be an enormous mistake":  
 JUST CONFIRMED: Join and me for a rally TONIGHT in  Details attached. 
 Join me in Florence, Mississippi at 2:30 pm TODAY: 
Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, and Mississippi: tomorrow is YOUR time to   
 Very well-argued by Scalia Seat: Let the People Speak - WSJ 
 WATCH: It is time for Republicans to unite behind to defeat 
 At the polls in Fl doing my duty to get Cruz elected, whatever it takes my friends, join me!   
  might be only person ‘on the face of the planet’ Hillary Clinton could beat 
 John Kasich releases taxes, pressures 
 AP: Some in GOP start seeing as the best alternative to Trump 
 8 Key Observations from Cruz’s Super Saturday Win via . 
Help us   
 Thank you to awesome MI  volunteers! W/ only 62 hrs notice, we put on great rally for 
  Trump Might Be Only Person ‘On the Face of the Planet’ Clinton Could Beat  
 Young voters drive a  straw poll win  via 
 The time to unite is now! Join the   
 A veteran waving a flag stands along the road heading to the Reagan Presidential Library.  
Nancy Reagan will be remembered for her deep passion for this nation and love for her husband, Ronald. The Reagan family is in our prayers.
 Ted Cruz has big mo: 
 In conclusion: Ted Cruz won  
 It appears that much of Rubio’s support is moving to Ted Cruz. 
 Ted Cruz, who has had a huge day, is now the only candidate has not carried live today.
 Delegates won today, so far:• Ted Cruz: 36• Donald Trump: 18• Marco Rubio: 6• John Kasich: 3
 BREAKING: Ted Cruz wins Maine Republican caucuses, according to Maine Republican Party.  
 Ted Cruz has now won Kansas and Maine today.    
 WATCH LIVE: remarks in Boise, Idaho 
Thank you Maine! Help us  —&gt;   
 Has Ted Cruz Already Won Maine? | RedState 
 Maine Caucus (R) we project will go to Ted Cruz
  Straw Poll results.  
Thank you Coeur d'Alene! Get ready to  on 3/8:  
 If you're reporting this as anything other than a huge night for Cruz and a terrible one for Trump, you're doing it wron…
 I'm all the way!     
  made it outside to thank all the folks who couldn't make it inside    
Thank you Kansas!   
  wins 2016  Straw Poll! 
 Thank you for listening and speaking to young conservatives at  
Thank you  Join us:  
 Ted Cruz supporters watching  right now 
 Harry Truman as witness to Winston Churchill’s “Iron Curtain” speech, 70 years ago today, Fulton, MO:        
 Thank you for inviting me to speak on behalf of at the 2016 Conservative Leadership Conference! 
 Finally got to vote for in KY today!!!!!!!  
 3 generations 4 
Thank you!   
 “Beat Donald Trump with the voters.”Ted Cruz rejects brokered convention:  
 "we will repeal every word of obamacare"  
 Response from the crowd after says, "We will stand unapologetically with Israel."  
If you're at  and on look for our filter now! 
Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine:  TODAY ---;  
  in Mandeville, LA: "In Washington, flexible is code word for get ready to stick it to you." 
 The best way to stop Donald Trump is to rally around  
  on legal woes: “Orange is the new Democratic blue.”  
Our prayers are with the families of the victims. 
The vile viciousness of radical Islamic terrorism attacks Mother Theresa's nuns in Yemen. 
  attacks   
Pre-order yours now —&gt;  
 Ted Cruz ROCKS CPAC audience, rips on the Donald for skipping out!!  [Full Speech and Q;A]  
 Cruz: "I agree w/Sanders...Washington is fundamentally corrupt. But if government is corrupt, the answer isn't more governme…
 Ted Cruz: this election is about 3 things-jobs, liberty, and security.  
 The energy ; excitement in this room for is electric.    
 Quite a roar from the crowd at  for Sure looks like the biggest attendance for a speech here yet.
Speaking at  now! Tune in here,  
 strikes again:   
 Cruz in the building   
  Oyster ; Ale House in  is a popular place     
Join my father, Rafael, and Congressmen Jim Bridenstine, Tim Huelskamp, and Jim Ryun in Wichita, Kansas today: 
  makes play for Florida, opens 10 campaign offices across state 
 embodies the Washington corruption we are all angry about.  
 Only person who looked ; sounded presidential ; has a shot at getting elected -- was Sen. Ted Cruz.   
 The GOP race remains open, particularly for Ted Cruz: 
 Very disappointed has decided at the last minute to drop out of  -- his choice sends a clear message to con…
 Ted Cruz gonna have a field day with this one ; 
 Thank you for visiting us in Maine!   
 The only person on that stage who looked and sounded presidential and has a shot at getting elected — was 
Thankfully, there was no yoga at the  but now there can be wherever you are:  
  No single person can make America great again. "We’ve had seven years of a self-centered narcissist in the Wh…
 "I get that people are angry...bc we've been lied to. But  embodies Washington corruption..." -  
 WATCH LIVE: Ted Cruz campaigns after fiery debate  
  stopped by a little gathering in     
 What Ted Cruz Did During Commercial Breaks at Last Night's GOP Debate Shows His Real Priorities  v…
 Ted Cruz Shines  
 Happy birthday to our awesome embed who disappointingly got out of Vegas without a face tattoo…
 RETWEET to wish a happy birthday! 🎂🎉🎁🎈 
If you don't like Obamacare, has been funding the politicians who brought us Obamacare:  
  just had the best answer of the  “The great city of Detroit was destroyed by liberal policies.”Hit 9…
  on   
  “ revealed pretty powerfully that the only candidate who has a path to beating is me.…
We win by uniting - join our team ; help fund our March to Victory -- &gt;  
 Best closing statement: - rousing vow to have the backs of soldiers, law enforcement ; American people. 
 Twitter LOVED Ted Cruz tonight, said he WON THE DEBATE  
  "[ rhetoric doesn't match up with his record."    
  to police, firefighters, ; first responders: "Starting in January 2017, I will have your back."  
  says nominating trump would be an absolute disaster against
 Chris meets Caroline Cruz  
To our soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines, and law enforcement, as president I will have your back  
Don't miss my discussions with Bill O'Reilly and on following tonight's 
 if you agree we need a strong Commander in Chief devoted to keeping this country safe  
 has a tenuous relationship with the truth  
You cannot care about conservative  Justices ; support Jimmy Carter, Hillary Clinton, and John Kerry like Donald Trump did 
Unlike I would not support banning firearms  
This is a story the media ought to be telling  
When it comes to core principles and convictions — I will NEVER compromise on your religious liberty! 
Detroit is a great city with a storied history that has been decimated by 60 years of failed left-wing policies 
The stakes are too high to nominate​. Join us:   
The very CNN poll Donald Trump said to look at shows him losing to Hillary Clinton and me beating her  
If you don’t want Donald Trump to be the nominee, join our campaign:   
Is this the debate you want in the general? If we nominate Donald, we’ll face the fall with the GOP nominee facing a fraud case 
 BOOM! Ted Cruz calls Trump out for REPEATEDLY hiring illegals  
  Calls on Trump to Release Alleged Off-the-Record NY Times Tape   
Watching the  Get your  certificate of deception here —&gt;  
  channels Reagan, calls to rebuild military
When I say I'll fight for a  of Obamacare, you can trust me!  
The voters have a right to know if lied to the American people.   
We need a Commander in Chief that will rebuild the military. That’s what I’ll do as president:  
Donald Trump’s record right now is one of repeatedly hiring illegal workers 
Voters have a very clear choice to make if you look to our records  
When I say I'll secure the border and stop illegal immigration, you can trust me! 
If you don’t like Obamacare, Donald Trump funded Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi taking over Congress to pass Obamacare 
Here’s my detailed plan to cut over $500 billion in spending:  
My Simple Flat Tax plan lets us    if that sounds good to you!  
  touted his campaign as "the only campaign that over and over again has beaten to date." 
 if you want a president who will fight for a  of Obamacare!  
  "We’re the one campaign that going forward can and will beat Donald Trump."  
As president I’ll repeal every word of Obamacare, pass a simple flat tax, and   
Our campaign is the only campaign that has beaten Donald Trump over and over again and will beat Donald Trump. 
 Here we go at tonight’s  Join us on Fox News: 
After tonight's  I'll speak with Bill O'Reilly and on -- don't miss it!
Save 20% on our new  shirts or anything else storewide during the   
Proud to announce our 23,000 member Women for Cruz Coalition today! 
Going to  Enter NOW for your chance to win a signed  shirt —&gt;  
As president, I'll defend the Second Amendment and our entire Bill of Rights!  
 Why did voters show up for last night? Many are seeking an alternative to Trump.  
Get your own  certificate of deception here —&gt;  
 If you are voting in R primary as a conservative and care about Surpreme Court rulings.. is your ONLY sure bet!!!!
 thank you!
 INBOX: scoops up bunch of Texans who were on nat’l finance team 
  announces addition of former Jeb Bush finance team members 
 Tune in to tonight's  on at 9 pm ET!  
 The GOP “Pro-Israel” choice: has shown consistent clarity ; resolve where Rubio hasn’t. 
 Ted Cruz rally in Overland Park, Kansas tonight.  Huge, enthusiastic overflow crowd! 
 The real Ted Cruz, the media doesn't want you to know about! Please read⬇️   
Rush Limbaugh: Best Chance To Beat Trump Is To ‘Unify Behind Cruz’  
 DOJ Grants Immunity to Staffer Who Set Up Hillary's Server; Reacts With  ht…
Wow -- what a welcome to Kansas! Let's come together, win the Republican nomination, and take back the White House! 
 Auditorium at Johnston County Community College in Olathe, Kansas, for Cruz. Kansas votes on Saturday. 
 Packed house tonight in Overland Park, KS rally. Overflow needed!!! 
 Overflowing crowd for in Overland Park,  tonight!   
Thanks for coming! 
 There’s only one true Republican conservative that’s running in this race right now —
 “Look at the delegates, it’s a Trump race  
  ; I are very happy that the pastor marrying us is a fellow immigrant and dad Rafael Cruz 
Thank you  
  Voters will gravitate towards the true conservative 
 Congratulations to for leading in Texas! 
Thank you for an amazing  Help fund our March to Victory ;   
 ASSOCIATED PRESS: “Ted Cruz is emerging as the candidate who could stop TRUMP”  
 Cruz, not Rubio, is the alternative to Trump. He has the brains, the conviction, and the guts to lead 
 Happy Texas Independence Day, ya'll!
 Today is Texas Independence Day. May God always bless Texas as the greatest state in the greatest country.  
 In a head-to-head matchup, bests 
 Here’s the FULL victory speech from Ted Cruz on   
Thank you Alaska!   
 Great photo from tonight 
  calls to congratulate on victories in Texas and Oklahoma. 
 Congratulations to on his big wins tonight. With a definitive win in Texas, he remains the only one who can bea…
Together we can nominate a proven conservative who has fought to defend the Constitution!  
Thank you Oklahoma!  
Thank you Texas!  
 Michael Berry addresses crowd in advance of arrival 
 My dads first time to vote, he voted for Reagan. My first time to vote, I voted for 
 A very young supporter at Houston Super Tuesday party. 
 Hey My Mommy and Daddy just voted for you to be our next President! And I got the sticker!  
 We voted for here in Dora, AL.     
 My wife ; I just  for       
  cannot beat Hillary. and can, poll shows 
 Getting set up for the   Election Night Watch Party! 
 More with next on my show now! Listen live Now:  
  before the polls close on  
 I did my part! Vote for Cruz!  
 In line now to cast my vote for Ted Cruz, because I care for my kid's and grandkid's future! 
  Sen. Ted Cruz and Family Head to the Polls. NBC's reports from Houston: 
 Just PROUDLY voted for in Chattanooga, TN!  
 Limbaugh: Cruz took on establishment, Trump and others won't 
 I voted for in Alabama today!    
Awesome! 
If you live in a  state, I'm asking for your support: 
 SUPER TUESDAY: Sean’s complete coverage starts right now...including hits from   and   
Meeting the press before I cast my ballot in Houston this morning.   
 Brian Darling - I Believe Too -  
  : "We're going to have a very good night here in Texas and all across  states" 
Stand with us on   
 Cruz fam at polls. says when daughter was asked if dad would win TX, she responded: "Yes, strongly!" 
 TEXANS-Today, we unite behind our trusted and courageous conservative U.S. Senator!   htt…
 Sen.Ted Cruz on the show now:  
Thank you!   
 "Conservative values are at Ted Cruz's core." today: 
 People who know well believe in him: Link to column by ; ; a few thoughts of my own h…
 I voted Cruz today in TN b/c I care about my daughters future! 
Rush Limbaugh: The Only Candidate Who's Demonstrated Opposition to the Establishment  
 Why We Believe in Ted Cruz.  We Were There. We saw first hand that he will   cc:
What is hiding? Tell him to 
 on   CLICK to remind your friends ;  
Wow — thank you Houston! Bring your friends and family to  tomorrow:  
  “I will never support banning guns b/c I have fought for the Second Amendment my whole life ; I believe in the Bill…
  “There are three key issues I think this election comes down to: jobs, freedom and security.”  
  'Trump Embodies Everything His Supporters Are Angry About'  
  in Houston: "Tomorrow is Super Tuesday. Tomorrow the state of Texas speaks it voice."
 Crowd at rally at Houston Baptist U is pumped and ready to rumble.   
 WATCH LIVE: holds final rally at  before    
 takes stage at standing room only  rally   
  criss-crosses  w/ 1st stop   
 Get ready to  on Super Tuesday: 
 I am honored to be chairing Religious Liberty Advisory Council at this critical time in our history -&gt; 
If told The New York Times that he's lying to the voters, they have a right to know 
Live NOW on the radio with Listen here  
 Cruz also demanding Trump allow NYT to release this tape: 
 I talk about Super Tuesday and solid support in Texas w/  
I call on to ask the New York Times to  
 Standing room only in San Antonio for the day before   
Texas Lt. Gov.​: "The only person who can defeat​ is​." 
 Cruz campaign running ads about Trump’s taxes on Snapchat in Georgia and Virginia  
 Three generations of  supporters take front row seats.  
 Great support for here in Dallas, TX!   
Dallas, Texas, is   tomorrow:  
  first stop of the day  then San Antonio then Houston   
 Standing room only crowd for rally   
  energized crowd when he said looks at 2 checklists everyday: Bible ; Constitution. 
 Gov. Greg Abbott: "Who here is frustrated by Barack Obama's EPA?" cheers "Ted Cruz will rein it in."
  WATCH LIVE: Ted Cruz rally in Dallas 
  getting the crowd warmed up for 
  Snapchat filter trolling on his tax returns  
Ahead of Super Tuesday, conservatives are uniting around our campaign!On 3/1   
 Dallas, San Antonio and Houston: and I are headed your way today! 
 The marquee at Gilly's now welcomes in Dallas  Rally starts at 10 
RSVP here:  
 Say what you want about the man is all about the Constitution. 
Lawton, OK, if you want a GOP nominee who can beat Hillary in Nov.,  on Tuesday  
TOMORROW: Join and me in Dallas:     
Oklahoma City is  Get ready to  on Super Tuesday:  
 Denver and Carson on stage pre rally in OKC  
 on Super Tuesday:  
  Family and friends who vote together stay together ;)       
 "If I am president, we will repeal every word of Obamacare,"   
 I just proudly voted for to be the republican nominee for President of The United States of America! 
 The  in Oklahoma City!  on Super Tuesday:  
 ICYMI: I talk about the GOP presidential race and path to victory w/  
 So cool to meet in   Don't forget to vote March 1st for Ted Cruz!   
 glad you could join us!
 thanks for coming!
 In one fell swoop, this tweet explains the Fox News coverage of the Cruz campaign. 
Unfortunate to see Fox News corporate brass make bias explicit:  they support Trump, Rubio, Kasich....  
Tulsa, Oklahoma is ready to  on Super Tuesday!  
 Cruz weighs in on our interview w Trump from this morning  
 "His father washed dishes for a living," the speaker says of Cruz "didn't get a $200 million inheritance."
Conservatives are uniting!  us:  on 3/1:  
 Civil Rights Activist Calls on African-Americans to Back Ted Cruz 
 'Really sad': Ted Cruz rips Donald Trump for not denouncing former KKK leader 
 Today's full interview with Ted Cruz 
 Here is my intv w/ We talked Christie, tax returns, Super Tuesday ; Cruz's pledge to back nominee  
 should release them because primary voters should be able to vet us all!  
As observed, seeming terrified to release his tax returns suggests there's a bombshell
Really sad. you're better than this. We should all agree, racism is wrong, KKK is abhorrent.  
 Join us in Tulsa, Oklahoma City, or Lawton today! More info here:   
 "I will not compromise" says on 2nd amendment and religious liberty rights 
  Donald Trump was "funding the Gang of Eight" during immigration reform fight.  
  You want more Washington deals-- is your guy, that's why says he can work with …
  "Super Tuesday is going to be the most important day in the entire primary election"  
 Packed house in Little Rock, AR for rally this evening 
 finished speaking but he is taking pictures and signing autographs for people who came here  
 Had the pleasure of introducing this morning on her  tour in the Woodlands!    
 During an Alabama rally, GOP presidential hopeful promised another Reagan revolution for America in crisis: 
 BOOM! Ted Cruz releases NINE YEARS of tax returns, CHALLENGES the Donald to do the same!!  
Awesome! Thank you!   
 Ted Cruz: For once, I actually agree with Jimmy Carter   
RSVP to join us:     
 Tomorrow on will talk about the 2016 race. Tune in at 2p ; 6p ET. 
  to "I don't cave" 
Thank y’all! 
 truth and trust go with Ted Cruz.Join the  
Perry, GA, is ready for Super Tuesday! Make sure you are too ;   
 CRUZ in Perry, GA: "You know who was helping fund the Gang of Eight? Little fella named Donald J. Trump." 
 Wow, awesome crowd for in Perry. Thanks, Middle GA!!    
 "If I'm president you'll never have to worry about me banning guns because I support the second amendment."
 Roy Moore's wife has endorsed Ted Cruz in the presidential race:    
We’re in Perry, GA, but you can join us LIVE here,  —&gt;  
 Criss crossing the Peach State with a great conservative 
 Campaigning with for in East Texas.  
Join Dana and  on Tuesday:  
True or false, ;
 Civil Rights Activist Calls On African Americans To Back Ted Cruz 
Thank you! 
 Ted Cruz's shop makes a video with Trump actually answering an opponent's true-or-false question at the last debate. ht…
  
 Cruz: Only one candidate can beat Donald Trump in GA and that's me.  
  makes an economic pitch to working men and women of Georgia: "We are neck and neck here in GA right now." 
 WATCH LIVE: has arrived at rally in Atlanta:  -- Updates on Ch. 2 at Noon. 
 speaking in support of in Atlanta  
  works the crowd after stumping for here at The Woodlands Bible Church. 
Today I'll be in Georgia, Alabama, ; Arkansas! Join us:  
Don't miss with on this morning at 10:30 am ET re:  2016 GOP race 
  “We need a principled constitutional conservative who will do what he said, who will fight for the working men and …
  Makes His Pitch to Voters Before Super Tuesday   
  “The day after I’m elected president I am the exact same person that I am today.”  
  wins the largest straw poll in TN at the Williamson Co Reagan Day!Cruz 29.3%Rubio 28.6%Trump 23.1%Carson 10…
 TONIGHT 10p ET: Sen. joins for a full hour. You don't want to miss it!  
Get ready to  on Tuesday:  
TONIGHT: Don't miss a special hour-long interview with on at 10 pm ET! 
This election, the entire direction of the country hangs in the balance 
 Thanks for watching  this week. joins this Sunday ahead of   
 Ted Cruz RIPS Trump’s CHUTZPAH on immigration: He gets RICH while everyone else is left H  
 Ted Cruz's comments are coming at the International Christian Media Convention at Grand Ole Opry in Nashville, Tenn. ht…
Watch what Rush Limbaugh said "may be the best endorsement Ted Cruz has received yet"  
 gave over $50k to the Gang of 8 amnesty group. If Trump had been in the Senate in 2013, it'd been the Gang of Nine....
When I was leading the fight against amnesty, was firing on TV.  
Thank you Nashville, for joining us this morning! Get ready to  on Super Tuesday:  
As president, I'll fight for a  of Obamacare. As for​, watch...
 If you missed our post-debate interview with you can watch it here ;  
  vows to repeal Obamacare, repeal the IRS, secure border if elected 
  "I think what became very clear is is not the right candidate to go head-to-head w/
  "His entire life  been on the other side, making money from illegal immigration." 
 Texas Gov. says this is our time and Ted Cruz is our presidential candidate.  
 Two Texas Governors -- Abbot and Perry -- on hand for tonight's debate in Houston. Both are backing 
 BUSTED: Ted Cruz EXPOSES Donald Trump’s Universal Health Care lie in new post-debate video  
 Ted Cruz makes good point: Mainstream media that’s helping Trump now will turn on him if he’s GOP nominee.
Donald Trump and universal health care... 
Help us  by texting DONATE to 55022 or clicking here ;  
If you want a proven conservative as your next president, I'm asking for your support  
I’ve consistently stood up to both parties fighting for the people, and I’ll do the same as President!  
 In the  claimed he never supported toppling Qaddafi. Here's where he did: 
For forty years, has been funding liberal democratic politicians. 
Falsely accusing someone of lying is itself a lie. And it's something does daily. 
John Kerry’s foreign policy has been a disaster. It’s why I voted against him. Donald Trump donated to him. 
If you want a president who will stand with Israel, I have a proven record of having done so  
Both Donald Trump ; Hillary want to be neutral between Israel and the Palestinians. If I'm elected we'll stand unapologetically with Israel.
 if you agree Donald Trump should release his tax returns! 
Donald Trump can’t prosecute the case against Hillary — he’s donated $100,000 to her foundation. We can’t lose to her in November 
As president, I will repeal every word of Obamacare:    
Donald Trump thinks Planned Parenthood is wonderful, I think we ought to investigate and prosecute Planned Parenthood 
As president, I'll fight for a  of Obamacare  
 Ted Cruz toured the country to warn American people of dangers of Obamacare, and led the fight in Congress to defund O'Ca…
I will defend the Bill of Rights every day for my children and for yours  
I will not apologize for a minute for defending the Bill of Rights or the Constitution! 
 is a man who for forty years has given money to liberal democrats who support liberal judicial activists 
Justice Scalia’s passing underscores the enormous gravity of this election.  is now hanging in the balance 
The Obama economy has done enormous damage to the Hispanic community—I’m fighting to give them a fair shake at the American dream 
 if you agree we need a president who knows what he believes and is willing to say it on day one and not at the end of his term 
Let’s actually stand for the working men and women of America!  
Anyone who really cares about stopping illegal immigration wouldn’t hire illegal immigrants and fund the Gang of Eight 
When I ran for the Senate in Texas, I promised to lead the fight against amnesty — and I did! 
When I say I’ll stop illegal immigration and secure the border, you can trust me!  
As president I'll fight for each ; every one of you ; not the Washington bosses!   
Watching tonight's  Join the   
Here we go at the CNN  Join us: 
Get ready for the  — order your  gear now:  
Get ready for tonight's CNN  at 8:30 pm ET:  
  " is a Constitutionalist who will put the U.S. back on its Constitutional pathway." 
 Tomorrow is the last day of early voting in Texas! Vote    
 Latest poll out of  shows beating frontrunner   
Help us  on Super Tuesday ;  
Get ready to cast your ballot on  Commit to   
Tonight. 8:30 pm. Tune in to CNN for the   
   
 Rush Limbaugh: Ted Cruz fought the Washington Establishment, Donald Trump DONATED to it  
Join the   
 Why I'm for by  
Thank you   
  tells us why he's backing 
Listen LIVE: is talking with NOW about why he's supporting our campaign:  
WATCH: Gov. explains why he's supporting our campaign! 
  on I can trust him to be the next Commander-in-Chief
 Tea Party Caucus chairman is twentieth House conservative to endorse Cruz 
Thank you, Cheryl! 
  says he'll rip up  deal, move US Embassy in  to Jerusalem ; stand for rel. liberty 
  on the stage at the Harris County Lincoln-Reagan Dinner. 
  on 1st day if elected Pres: rescind all illegal exec actions by probe Planned Parenthood 
 Gov. Abbott on "He is going to live up to the promise of true Texas conservative values." 
  “The only campaign that can beat and the only campaign that has beaten Donald, is our campaign.” …
  giving a passionate speech supporting at sold out Reagan Dinner in Houston 
 Joining  tonight: ; has a conflicting campaig…
  about to speak at Harris Co.  Lincoln-Reagan Dinner.  Watch live ; 
"The Texas Governor urged that the country needs Cruz as president"   
 Texas Governor Greg Abbott endorses Ted Cruz 
 Why I support for president:  
 rally today in Houston, TX!    
 Thanks for joining us!
TX Gov. gives enthusiastic endorsement to supporters at Cruz rally in Houston  
 "Ted Cruz is our candidate. Now let’s do our part to take this take this country back." 
Keep America Safe. Keep GTMO open. Add your name ;  
Thanks for coming! 
 TEXANS: Join me to vote Ted Cruz for President. He's a proven conservative who'll secure the border ; create jobs  …
 Ted Cruz leads Trump by double digits in Texas poll 
It's an honor to earn Governor endorsement today in Houston! 
After a couple of months on the road, it is GREAT to be back in Texas!   
  Big crowd in  waiting for  to endorse for President. 
  is about to endorse for President. Watch live 
 Waiting for in Houston as Senator seeks Home convincing home state win  
 Scene awaiting here at Mach Industrial Group in Houston, where he's set to rally w/ new endorser htt…
 The  is lining up in Houston! 
Read more about my plan to rebuild our military: 
 Join Ted Cruz's Second Amendment Coalition:      
Fighting for you... and winning.Join the  
 Join us in Houston TODAY at 1 pm:  
 First on CNN: Texas to endorse for president  
Help us  on Super Tuesday:  
 Done ; done!    
  is speaking on behalf of in Summerlin.  
  talks to people in line at Reed High School before caucus begins  
 Defending conservatism with at one of the largest  meetings in    
 showing class ; grace, calls me a "soft weak little baby."  Hope he doesn't try to eat me!  
 
Nevada, get ready to   
 71 years ago today, US Marines raised the American flag over Iwo Jima. 
 spoke to a motivated crowd of over 500 in Minden NV.    
  calls land ad a "scam" – but then there's this interview from last month: 
  asks:What Do Donald Trump and Marco Rubio Have in Common? . 
 Last min change of scenery in Minden, NV! Now back to Vegas for 1 more event then caucus! w/  
Support a proven conservative for President.  
 A Spectacular Night of Hope and Urgency - Lloyd MarcusTed Cruz was awesome last night at his rally in Reno,... 
 85 percent of Nevada is owned and regulated by the federal govt. knows that’s ridiculous: 
 Don’t miss Why I Trust     
 And then there is this ... 
 EXPOSED: Ted Cruz’s ad about Trump is ABSOLUTELY TRUE and Trump is the one LYING about it  
  
 WATCH LIVE: in Fernley, Nevada. 
Nevada,  today:  
  is the only remaining candidate I trust to take on what he correctly calls the Washington Cartel. 
I'll fight day ; night to return full control of Nevada's lands to its rightful owners, its citizens. 
  
 Nevada! Caucus starts at 5pm MST.  Let's push over the top. Here are location details: 
 Broadcasting the Glenn Beck Program from Reno, NV today working on the road while supporting  
 Big Rand Paul supporter now switched to boosting his libertarian creds ahead of Nevada: 
Join me, and for  rallies across Nevada today:  
 Exclusive: endorses  
 Audio/transcript: Monday's interview w/ 
 UT/TT Poll: leads in Texas; lags behind.  
36 years ago today -- the Miracle on Ice! 🇺🇸 
 Audience here in Reno for 
 Crowds have filled in Reno for rally. will have the report at 11  
 Final event in Nevada for today, Reno showed up with tons of energy!  
  speaking before crowd at rally in Reno. 
Reno, thank you for the warm welcome. Bring your friends to  tomorrow:  
Current law prohibits those here illegally from being eligible for citizenship. Trump wants to change that. I don't. 
  
 A full house for TedCruz at the Elko NV convention cntr. tonight.  
 Ted Cruz with Nevada Attorney General Adam Laxalt ; Congressman Raul Labrador in Elko, Nevada 
Only one campaign has a credible path to beating Donald Trump, and that’s us:   
 warming up the crowd in Elko, NV!    
  is the leader I want in the White House b/c I know that he'll always protect the Constitution 
 Listen to today's interview on the presidential race here: 
  
 Pictures of today at the Las Vegas really.  
Rush Limbaugh: this "just may be the best endorsement Ted Cruz has received yet":  WATCH ; 
 WATCH newest ad for the state of Nevada:  
  taking the stage here at the Durango Hills Community Center. 
Rally to  w/ ; in Elko:  ; Reno:  
  "It's we the people that make America great again." at event.
 live broadcasting the rally here in Nevada!! Tune in now!!
Watch here,    
  campaign rally in Las Vegas, NV – LIVE at 3pm ET on C-SPAN   
Thanks for coming!   
 Help us  in Nevada and beyond! Contribute here ;  
 Ted Cruz hammers Trump over Nevada land in NEW AD  
Wishing a very happy birthday to my friend and a tremendous voice for liberty,
Eighty five percent of Nevada is owned and regulated by the federal government. That’s ridiculous. 
 Early morning here in Vegas, off to do radio! Tune in to KBET from 6am-9am then more support for in Vegas and Reno …
Glad you could join us! 
 At a rally in Nevada with my friend, Adam Lexalt!   
 Cruz asks everyone to vote 10 times. Says "we're not Democrats. I'm not suggesting voter fraud." Wants ppl to bring friends …
  says we're one SCOTUS justice away from the 2nd Amendment being written out of the Bill of Rights
 Big cheers at rally when Beck brings up abolishing IRS
  speaking the truth in Henderson     
Thank you! 
  to Nevadans: "we are here tonight because our country is in crisis"   
 Crowd goes wild when says "I'm not here for Ted Cruz, I'm here for the Constitution of the United States" 
 Kicking off this and event with the national anthem in a packed Henderson Convention Center. 
  takes the stage in Henderson to rally for   
 Huge crowd rallying for   
 Spotted at rally: "the shirt" 
 Big crowd in Henderson NV waiting for and before Tuesday's caucus. 
 Ty Romsa, of Las Vegas, built this hoverboard, complete with Constitution 🔥🔥🔥 
The line waiting outside to get in to our Henderson, NV rally with  
 Big crowd here in Las Vegas before the rally w/ Line is around the arena, way into parking lot. 
 Heading to the Henderson Convention Center for our first rally! I have a special guest riding w/ me 
 and I'll fight to return full control of Nevada’s lands to its rightful owners – its citizens!
Join Congressman Raúl Labrador in supporting our campaign:   
 Nevada legislators endorsing Rubio support controversial tax hike.  Cruz endorsers opposed -  via
We’re just two days from the caucuses ; Nevadans are rising up to say we want America back!  
  speaking in Pahrump  on a beautiful day!    
 WATCH LIVE: hosts campaign rally in Pahrump 
  I'm the only one who "has beaten Donald Trump"  
  wins younger voters in   via 
 Ted Cruz and Donald Trump Have Deepest Pockets Ahead of ‘Super Tuesday’, via  
Help push us to victory in Nevada, Super Tuesday, and beyond,   
  "We are the only campaign that has beaten and can beat 
If you want a strong conservative who can win, join our campaign: 
Now the race turns to Nevada and Super Tuesday. Together we will win the GOP nomination:  
If you believe we need a strong contrast with the Democrats in November, then we welcome you aboard our team: 
If you are a conservative, this is where you belong because only one strong conservative is in a position to win this race.
Conservatives continue to unite behind our campaign.
This election will be a referendum on the Supreme Court! 
Justice Scalia’s replacement won’t be decided by the Washington power brokers. It will be decided by We the People!
The screaming you hear now from across the Potomac is the  in full terror that the conservative grassroots are rising up.
Once again we have made history. You, the grassroots, continue to defy the pundits and produce extraordinary results.
I congratulate on a hard-fought campaign and wish him and his wonderful family all the best. 
 Here’s Ted Cruz’s entire Townhall appearance from Fox News  
 before 7 pm ET:  
 Honored to cast my vote today for  
 Voted for 
  in SC reminding motorists to go vote for  
 This Charlestonian voted for you this morning in SC
 Voted for today.  
 just voted for Ted Cruz
 I was honored to cast my vote for you today!   
South Carolina:  before 7 pm ET:  
 proud to have cast my first vote ever for 
 Ted Cruz today: No hearing for Obama nominee, even if chosen from GOP or Federalist Society 
Awesome! 
 My husband, Peter and I cast our vote in the SC primary for God Bless!🇺🇸
Thank you! 
 Voted for earlier today in  Praying as well.  
  Voted early in  today for  Looking forward to his next visit to the Volun…
 Last night's  focus group dial-tested and While they were talking to them!
 ‘If he wasn’t making a difference, nobody would be attacking him!’ – Ted Cruz’s father  
  
 Met some of our volunteers in Greenville County, SC getting the vote out for Big day!   
"I voted for Ted Cruz... he's a constitutionalist."  
 Proudly cast my ballot for Always vote for the best conservative in the race. 
 Proud to cast my vote today for Ted Cruz 
 South Carolina: it's your turn!     
 It’s Election Day in the Palmetto State! Go out and    
Thank y'all! 
WATCH: making a closing pitch to some South Carolinians...  
 just got my vote! Time to get someone in office who will actually make America great again!  
 Today, we remember Justice Antonin Scalia, who was appointed to the Supreme Court by President Ronald Reagan. 
 No sticker to show for it but thrilled to have voted for ! Everyone in my family did so!   No…
 Phil Robertson says to vote for ! He knows what he's talking about! 
Thank you! 
 Proud to be a member of the  and honored to have cast my vote for
Glad you could be with us! 
Way to go,  
South Carolina, I'm asking for your vote today:  
 Nevada radio host's response to Ted Cruz's most recent answers:"Beautiful.""Beautiful, beautiful.""Great, beautif…
 like  says I'm more "dangerous" to Leftists bc I actually believe in the Constitution. True. 
 NEXT: takes questions from focus group in South Carolina –wait until you see this!  
“A vote for Ted is a vote against Washington as usual and a vote for someone who will be consistently conservative.”
  praises wife Heidi as someone who'd be a great First Lady. He thanks crowd, they thank him. 
  rally livestream  
  Rally for begins in  on night before  
Listen to why Charlie is supporting our campaign.   him: 
Greatly appreciate you joining us! 
Columbia wants a POTUS who'll appoint principled constitutionalists to    
 Duck Commander Phil Robertson takes to the stage at campaign stop in West Columbia  
 Three votes from my family for Texas is his.  
  Campaign Rally in West Columbia, SC – LIVE at 5:30pm ET on C-SPAN2   
Thank you Lisa! 
 Don't miss ; Phil Robertson on tonight at 10 pm ET/9 pm CT from Charleston 
 Sen. received a key endorsement from a South Carolina politician before  tomorrow: 
 Sanford endorses for president | The State 
Winning in defense of the cross, Ten Commandments,  ; Pledge of Allegiance  
TOMORROW:  ; 
 Mark Sanford Endorses Ted Cruz for President | February 19, 2016  via
Thank you!   
Thrilled to receive endorsement in Charleston! South Carolina,  
  endorsing on stage in Charleston  
 WATCH LIVE: Ted Cruz campaign rally in Charleston, South Carolina | 
  backstage at College of Charleston     
 Right now: Sottile Theater packed for event with Duck Dynasty patriarch  
 Line outside of Cruz event at College of Charleston spans at least a block 
 WATCH: ROCKS a packed house of over 5,000 conservatives at     
 Trump won't back Israel 
TOMORROW: It's your turn to  in South Carolina:   
  says we are one justice away from  "writing the  out of the Constitution" 
 From last night at the Conservative Convention 
 The photo bomb was unintentional sorry!  
 At a event in Myrtle Beach, SC ahead of the     
  HQ in   packed with volunteers one day before primary here. 
 Sgt. Lee and I at Duke’s BBQ sharing why is a principled leader whom our veterans will appreciate. 
South Carolina,   
 Breaking: Trump's lead in South Carolina narrows as conservatives turn to Cruz, WSJ/NBC News/Marist poll finds  
 Here’s Ted Cruz’s FULL SPEECH at the Conservative Review Convention!!  
 Lots of Cruz supporters and signs here at  
If I’m elected president, we will utterly and completely destroy ISIS 
 At  makes his pitch around Supreme Court nominations and national security  
Every  Justice that I nominate will be a principled constitutionalist who'll defend our rights for our kids ; grandkids 
We are one Justice away from  mandating Ten Commandments monuments torn down across the country  
In Texas we defended the Ten Commandments monument that stands on the capitol grounds. We went to  and we won 5-4 
 Sen.  the next President of the United Stated preaching the importance of the US Constitution  
We’re 34 hours away from voting opening here in South Carolina.  
 Huge roar, standing ovation when Cruz takes stage at Conservative Review event in Greenville. Far louder reception that what…
  the man of the hour is on stage!  
Speaking NOW at  Watch here,   
 We need a Supreme Court justice who believes in defending the Constitution.  
  is employing deceptive, negative tactics to distract from his record supporting liberal issues. 
 if you agree we need a president we can trust to secure the border and stop illegal immigration! 
 If you couldn’t make it to Greenville for the  you can Live Stream it:. 
TOMORROW: Join me and Phil Robertson in Myrtle Beach or Charleston. RSVP here:  
 In SC, Mike Lee says when the Senate was pushing amnesty, Cruz was "one man" who "fought against the bill at every single s…
Easley, SC is ready to  Saturday:  Special thanks to for joining! 
TONIGHT: Join us for Conservative Convention in Greenville, SC:   
 speaking before a packed house at Mutt's BBQ Easley, SC. Senator Mike Lee also spoke for Cruz here. 
  and making calls for in South Carolina!    
 If you’re in Greenville today, join me, ; more at the convention!  
 WATCH LIVE: speaks at  Republican Women's Luncheon. 
As president, I will stand firm with the American people, whether Washington likes it or not!
 listen here:  
 Presidential candidate is coming up next on The Mike Gallagher Show, don't miss it!
 New / WSJ poll shows Ted Cruz ahead of Donald Trump: 
 "We need to squash 'em (ISIS) like bugs, and strikes me as a guy who's likely to do that." 
The stakes of this next election couldn't be higher.  
Tune in,  
 Behind the scenes at  as chats and poses for photos with attendees during the break 
 “Like Ronald Reagan was to the Presidency, so Justice Scalia was to the Supreme Court”  
 . is having a good night at the  in  
 Thank you for promising you'll move the embassy to Jerusalem. I believe you
  says he wants to repeal  and “adopt a simple flat tax.”   
 A new poll, taken after Saturday night’s  shows in the lead for the first time nationally 
I’m running on repealing every word of Obamacare and passing a simple flat tax to  
If I’m elected president, on my first day I will rescind each and every one of President Obama’s illegal executive actions 
One of the most important questions for 2016 is who is prepared and committed to fight for principled  Justices 
I think 2016 should be a referendum on the Supreme Court 
If I’m elected, on my 1st day in office I’ll instruct every federal agency that persecution of religious liberty ends today 
Religious liberty for me has been a lifelong passion. I’ve spent the last two decades fighting to defend religious liberty 
On the questions of life and marriage, a record matters. 
We are seeing an assault on Judeo-Christian values and religious liberty. We need a president who will protect those values 
If I am elected president, we will NOT be drafting our daughters into combat  
I don’t think the military should be governed by political correctness 
Yesterday, I unveiled my plan to rebuild our military. Read it here:  
 Will Cruz go to Cuba? “Not as long as the Castros are in power." 
My family has seen firsthand the evil and oppression in Cuba. The President should be advocating for a free Cuba! 
President Obama’s foreign policy has consistently alienated and abandoned our friends while showing our enemies appeasement 
 Cruz says Planned Parenthood “isn’t wonderful” and says the American people shouldn’t be forced to fund them. 
Nobody who is actually pro-life could stand on a national stage and say Planned Parenthood does wonderful things 
Coming up next on CNN's  Tune in, 
 Successful first meeting! Aggies for Cruz is off to a great start   
  breaks from  rivals on draft registration for women: 
 I'm convinced Ted Cruz is the leader who will keep us safe, support our troops ; defend our nation 
Spartanburg, SC, it was great to join you today! Remember to  on Saturday:   
  moderates  with 8p on CNN  
 The  gets underway at 8 EST. South Carolina voters and ask …
 Poll shows that head-to-head, beats by 16 points.  
LIVE on the now! Tune in,  
 Now on Cruz and Trump battle it out for the national edge 
 Ted Cruz’s True Record on Military Funding and National Security Is Unassailable  via
  speaking the truth at Oakbrook Preparatory      
 WATCH LIVE:  in Spartanburg, SC: 
You can't hide the facts by calling them lies...
 Fmr GA Rep. Jack Kingston is endorsing Ted Cruz on Show right now! 
 New: Cruz overtakes Trump in latest WSJ/NBC News poll: Cruz 28%Trump 26%Rubio 17%Kasich 11%Carson 10%Bush 4%
Thank you  Help us   
Our newest TV ad ;
 Here's the (very good) Cruz ad that has spawned the latest Trump lawsuit threat. Tweeting as a public service:
 Cruz has a point, no?    
Congrats on being 1st to reach Revolutionary status on the  app. Join him ; thousands of others→
The ad​ wants me to pull. We’re running it more frequently because you deserve to know the truth.
 This is the Cruz ad that Trump's team is demanding to be removed. Ad running in SC. Cruz camp will continue to air;ht…
TOMORROW: Join me and in Easley, SC. RSVP here:  
 Cruz on Trump: "He didn't support the Second Amendment when he supported Bill Clinton's assault weapons ban."
 Cruz on Trump dem donations: "That is helping fund the democratic takeover of congress." 
Ted Cruz Releases Powerful Pro-Life Statement:  
 I join on at 11:35am to talk about supporting - listen online  
Dr. James Dobson: "I know Ted. He’s a Christian family man of the utmost integrity." Listen to what else he said ;
   has done nothing but point out exact words, exactly as he said them." 
Thank you  
 ICYMI: Tuesday's interview w/ re SCOTUS vacancy, South Carolina:  
 Audio/transcript: Tuesday's intv w/ 
 Another Freedom Caucus endorsement for with coming out in support of the Texas senator 
  full interview with on the supreme court, Justice Scalia and Trump's lawsuit threat. 
 and sit down with from the before the big event in Anderson. 
 Trump STILL lying about Coburn to smear Cruz 
I am thrilled to earn the support of Congressman 
  shaking hands ; giving hugs to supporters in Anderson, SC 
Thank you Anderson, South Carolina! Bring your friends with you to  on Saturday:  
  in Anderson, SC: "As Ronald Reagan was to the presidency, so was Justice Scalia to the Supreme Court." 
 Congressman Meadows kicking off the overflow Anderson, SC rally for   
 The crowd for rally here at the civic center in Anderson, South Carolina: 
  about to speak in Anderson, South Carolina for third and final campaign stop of the day. Another packed house
 Huge line waiting to enter for the Anderson, SC rally!   
Jim Bridenstine​: Ted Cruz will secure our border, take the fight to the terrorists, and keep our country safe.
 Famed economist Thomas Sowell just made a HUGE endorsement for president... 
Listen here,   
 is a man of great courage ; principle. I'm deeply honored to have his support  
 SCOOP: has endorsed for president: 
  endorses for president 
 We are proud to endorse Senator Cruz for President. He is the clear choice for conservatives. 
This kind of deception is deplorable and nothing like it would be tolerated by this campaign. 
Our campaign had absolutely nothing to do with this fraudulent Facebook post. 
 WATCH LIVE: campaigns in South Carolina ahead of primary  
 And now up on stage. 
  taking the stage in Columbia      
 addressing a crowd of veterans and other patriotic Americans at rally in SC  
  on the SC campaign trail: "He's going to let our veterans as a priority...I believe in Senator Cruz." 
 Medal of Honor winner Dakota Meyer takes stage event in Columbia. Says Cruz will make veterans a priority 
 Helping introduce Cruz in Columbia: Dakota Meyer, Medal of Honor recipient recruited by to turn out milit…
 Cruz proposes plan to bolster US military    
If I'm elected POTUS, we'll invest in our military with a simple goal: more tooth, less tail  
  has a plan to rebuild our military so we can lead from a position of strength.  
 In S.C., Ted Cruz turns his focus to the military  
  military buildup dwarfs other candidates' proposals.  via
  Political power couple thinks Ted Cruz will be Republican nominee for President 
Congressmen Jim Bridenstine: “Ted Cruz will rebuild our military.” Read more: 
 Cruz in SC: "last thing commander shd worry abt is grades from Pentagon bureaucrat for political correctness, or providin…
 Fox Business Host Maria Bartiromo explains why she likes Ted Cruz’s tax plan THE BEST 
 if you agree America should prioritize a strong, advanced ; robust military once again!  
Aboard the Yorktown to unveil my plan to rebuild our military—one of the most serious tasks facing our next POTUS 
 WATCH LIVE: speaks in South Carolina on plan to strengthen U.S. military  
 Cruz, invoking Reagan: We can rebuild our military so it will be feared by our enemies and trusted by our allies.
  on the USS Yorktown: "I'm a blessed man...I was born in a country where freedom was delivered to us" 
 RIGHT NOW: to announce plan for a LARGER military force plus MORE battleships and aircraft. 
 Rick Perry takes the stage at Ted Cruz's effort on the USS Yorktown in Mt. Pleasant SC 
 Perry, opening act for Cruz today: I'm a blessed man, not just because I was born in Texas... 
  talks Supreme Court Justice replacement, conservative values in Aiken stop  
 Good morning from Mt. Pleasant, S.C., where is set to roll out military policy aboard the USS Yorktown: 
 Thomas Sowell endorses Ted Cruz 
TEXANS: early voting begins today! Find your polling place and   
  is set to receive the endorsement of the president of NORPAC later today, per 
Join me and in Mount Pleasant, SC this morning -- RSVP here:  
 I'm joining on to discuss my support of at 8:35am - listen at  
I'll talk with on tonight -- tune in at 10 pm ET!
 Trump: "I'm very capable of changing to anything I want to change to." Don't give him that chance.  
 Republicans trust the most to pick Justice Scalia's replacement 
TOMORROW: Join me and in Mount Pleasant, SC where we'll unveil my plan to rebuild our military  
 Nearly 2000 people to see in Florence, SC  
 Strong anti ad from 
WATCH:​: "I’m very capable of changing to anything I want to change to." —&gt;
We’re one Justice away from  writing the Second Amendment out of the Bill of Rights  
 Ted Cruz will speak to a crowd in Camden any minute. 
 The Lone Star State has lowered its flags to mourn the passing of Justice Scalia. ⚖  
You cannot simply scream “liar” when someone points out your actual positions: 
 Trump says Bush is "weakest" on immigration. See candidates Grade Cards here  
 Congressman Meadows thanking phone back volunteers in Columbia, SC!   
 Don't be fooled by Rubio's revisionist historyRubio's immigration grade: DSEE GRADE HERE  
 Coming up this hour: joins me to talk SCOTUS, more. 
Thank you Aiken! Bring your friends, family ; neighbors with you to  on Saturday:  
 Aiken, South Carolina turned out big to hear from today!  They want a proven conservative.   
 Congressman Mark Meadows takes the stage in Aiken, SC to kick off the rally!   
  will be joined by ; at this standing room only  rally in   
 I am endorsing and will serve as his Wis State Chairman. Joining me are several legislators ; conservative lead…
 Cruz is exactly right here: 
 if you agree we need to nominate someone who we can trust to pick principled constitutionalists for 
 "One more liberal Justice and we will see our fundamental rights taken away." 
  joins us live NOW!
 Want to see today? Click the link for info about his rally in Aiken w/ --  
 On this  joins us live on at 8:30am ET. Have a question for him? 
 I join on at 8am to talk about my support of - listen online  
ICYMI: Fox News: New Cruz ad highlights Donald Trump's support for Planned Parenthood:  
  rally moves to USC  Convocation Center  
  says "does not care about conservative justices on the Court."  
 Tomorrow - joins us LIVE at 7:20am/ET and then joins us LIVE at 8:30am/ET
The Senate’s duty is to advise and consent. You know what? The Senate is advising right now:  
 At last night's  discussed the future of the Supreme Court. 
Donald Trump and Planned Parenthood. WATCH ;
 On GT Radio today, Alan Gura endorses Ted Cruz.  Says he'll expend political capital, if necessary, to protect the Second Amen…
  meets with church goers after giving his testimony today at CBC in Beaufort, SC.  
 Ted Cruz’ closing statement at  gets rousing applause 
 Cruz says 2nd amendment in danger if any of these 3 become president: 
Too many Republicans won't invest the political capital to nominate principled constitutionalists to  I will
 WATCH: makes an awesome case for why Obama shouldn't nominate someone to    
 Enjoyed being with my good friend, Rep. Jeff Duncan last night at the  supporting our friend 
Watch it here:  
 Presidential Candidate Ted Cruz stands with us for   
 "If you litigate against nuns you've probably done something wrong." 
The stakes of the next election are high. Who will protect our liberties? That's the question before the voters.
  says 2nd amendment will be "written out of the Constitution" if Trump, Clinton, or Sanders is elected 
 "We ought to make the 2016 election a referendum on the Supreme Court," tells  .
 WATCH: will "absolutely" filibuster any of Pres. Obama's nominees to replace Antonin Scalia.  
 If it's Sunday, will be on your TV screen at top of the hour on from South Carolina.  
 The battle for the bench: watch lay out his SCOTUS argument on 
 STAING NOW: Ted Cruz, Donald Trump, Marco Rubio, John Kasich and Bernie Sanders join tune in!
  joins this morning to discuss his performance in last night's debate and his strategy going forward …
 I'll be on and this morning. Hope you'll tune in!
  "[Justice Scalia] was witty, he was fun, he was full of life. He was brilliant."  
  "The men ; women of South Carolina are focusing on the records of the candidates."  
  "Our country hangs in the balance. Do you want another Washington deal maker or do you want a proven conservativ…
  "Today we saw just how grave the stakes are. Two branches of govt hang in the balance." 
  says the country "literally hangs in the balance" in 2016 election.  
If you want a proven conservative who will stand and fight alongside you, I'm asking for your vote. 
South Carolina has a critical choice to make. Not just the presidency, but also the Supreme Court hang in the balance. 
 if you agree: Secure the border. End illegal immigration. No amnesty.  
 Cruz:"If is president, he will appoint liberals. If Donald Trump is president, your 2nd Amendment will go awa…
WATCH: how I know​’s Supreme Court justices would be liberals ;  
  "If is president, he will appoint liberals."
Flexibility is a good thing, but you shouldn’t be flexible on core principles. 
I stood with Jeff Sessions, Steve King ; the American people to stop Gang of Eight amnesty. 
Big government doesn’t work. We need to bring back booming economic growth. 
The lines are clear. right now supports citizenship for 11 million people here illegally. I oppose it. 
When I say I'll stop illegal immigration and secure the border, you can trust me! 
  "We would ABOLISH the   
 "The middle class has been left behind in the last seven years." -- on economy, taxes  h... 
Let's  with my Simple Flat Tax plan:  
 Cruz nailed his tax cut answer. Well done.
We can  with my Simple Flat Tax.  if you're in!  
I’ve proposed a simple flat tax of 10% that will let Americans file their taxes on a postcard:  
The middle class has been left behind in the last seven years of the Obama economy. We have to get people back to work. 
 if you agree we need a President who focuses on the objective of utterly ; completely destroying ISIS!  
  "we're not using the tools we have to keep Americans safe and it's because of our commander in chief"
That’s why I’ve promised to rip the Iranian nuclear deal to shreds on day one.  
The single gravest national security threat facing this country is a nuclear Iran. 
Justice Scalia’s passing tonight underscores the stakes of this election.  
Voters must determine who has the judgement to nominate principled constitutionalists to the court  
Justice Scalia was a legal giant. He was a brilliant man. Our prayers are with his family. 
Here we go at the CBS  Tune in,   
  arrives at the venue ahead of our  in Greenville, S.C.:  
 Tune in to CBS at 9 pm ET for the  
 On to South Carolina! takes the stage tonight during the  Tune in and  
Justice Scalia was an American hero. We owe it to him, ; the Nation, for the Senate to ensure that the next President names his replacement.
Today our Nation mourns the loss of one of the greatest Justices in history – Justice Antonin Scalia 
9 pm ET on CBS. Tune in for the   
 Just wrapped our first event, SC people are amazing!! Blessed to spend the afternoon with them! Now on to Charleston 
Thank you! 
Awesome! 
 Thank you!
 I'm supporting at the  tonight!  
 Myrtle Beach Cruz Rally we are all here to support the man who will protect our constitution!!   
 Tune in to CBS at 9 pm ET!    
  will air Office Space spoof during  Check out "It Feels Good to Be a Clinton"  via
 if you're tuning in to tonight's CBS  at 9 pm ET!   
Was honored to give the opening prayer and some remarks at​ last night in Greenville, SC!  
 The time is now for conservatives to unite behind Join the  at  ; 
 Why folks are keeping an eye on in SC: From 
 don't miss tonight's CBS  Tune in at 9pm ET: 
 Before I went on air.  Early, very early breakfast to kick off the day in Greenville, SC.  
 Going door to door in South Carolina for cc:  
Let’s fight for the working men and women. Not the rich and powerful well-connected lobbyists in Washington! 
LIVE on the now! Listen here,  
Enjoyed the opportunity to join this afternoon!  
 Ted Cruz's new 'Office Space' inspired anti-Clinton ad is absolutely epic  
 Thanks to for taking time to chat with us about homeschooling! Click to listen &gt;&gt;  
  gives the opening prayer at the WinterJam Christian Concert in Greenville  
 What difference does it make for a Clinton? Watch —&gt;  
 watching a very Presidential 
  "when a president takes an oath in office it is to defend, preserve, and protect the Constitution of the United St…
 "If you're litigating against nuns... You're doing something wrong." -- on Little Sisters  case! 
  "I am a Christian and my faith is integral to who I am" 
  joining for a discussion at      
We’re LIVE now,  Tune in:    
I’ll be joining the  in just a few minutes. Watch LIVE here: 
 AWESOME: Rick Perry going ALL OUT to back Ted Cruz, enlisting big name veterans with new Super PAC 
 Ted Cruz Just Put Out An EPIC Ad Against Hillary  
We're in this fight against radical Islamic terrorism together. 
It's no accident a machete-wielding terrorist attacked a restaurant named Nazareth and owned by an Israeli immigrant 
Thank you! 
 I think this may be my favorite political ad of all time. 
 New ad is just, just, I can't even....awesome. 
 Here's the full version of "It Feels Good To Be A Clinton" ad: 
It feels good to be a Clinton ; 
See you soon, Senator! 
Let's give ICE the resources it needs to enforce our immigration laws! 
  pays homage to copy machine scene in "Office Space" with new anti-Clinton ad for South Carolina ; 
 Polls: Would Fare 5 Points Better Versus Clinton Than Would 
Thank you South Carolina!  on 2/20:  
 Here's part of the crowd for at Morningstar Fellowship Church in Fort Mill, South Carolina: 
 Hello Rock Hill, South Carolina! They at fired up for   
  speaking to  in Rock Hill  CruzToVictory   
 . takes the stage in South Carolina. You can watch live here:  
Watch our rally with in South Carolina LIVE now:   
  talks about faith ; liberty at the Carolina Values event in Rock Hill, SC 
WATCH ;
 Cruz said if in office he would open an investigation into planned parenthood.
  addressing Carolina Values Summit 
24 HOUR CONTEST: Win tickets to the  in Greenville. Enter now! ;  
 Presidential candidate to visit  on Monday with   
  just released perhaps the most entertaining ad of 2016.
  2 and a half weeks before Super Tuesday primary, which includes  expands his team here 
 got a big boost Wednesday from one of the biggest names in talk radio. 
You'll want to hear what this focus group in South Carolina had to say...  
 Did you hear on the Mike Gallagher show yesterday? Listen here:  
 New: Shoring up home-state support, to announce he now has the backing of nearly half of GOP in  
 In focus group: Not bothered that supposedly "detested" on Cap Hill. In fact, they described him as …
 The focus group in SC liked described him as "intelligent," "religious," "trustworthy," "knows the …
 Inbox: and introduce legislation that would boost funding for the ICE division responsible for de…
Watch it here:  
 Honor to work with for in defense of rule of law and separation of powers.   
As president, I'll repeal every word of Obamacare. Join the   
 Listen if you dare 
  "If you want to repeal every word of Obamacare, that's what I will do if I'm elected president." 
 Brilliantly done by 
  "Only ; would thank Iran for capturing ; trying to humiliate American sailors." 
 I'll be on The Kelly File with tonight. Tune in to at 9 pm ET!
Sorry to miss you but glad you got to meet 
 REAX: statement on and dropping out of the GOP race.  
  Scolds Obama: ‘Stop Protecting China’  via 
  "The only candidate who can beat is me."  
  appearing with Heidi Cruz in Spartanburg. called for votes in Senate. 
🇺🇸 
 Talking to today about  well as 2016 and a certain  Tune in EST!
WATCH and  ;
 Limbaugh: Ted Cruz Is ‘The Closest In Our Lifetimes We Have Ever Been To Ronald Reagan’ [AUDIO]  via…
 Join and me at rallies across South Carolina. Find one near you and RSVP here: 
 How history proves Ted Cruz is right about the gold standard: 
 Cruz ads have been strong all cycle. So is this one. 
Don't wait -- join the  today:  
  has the support of conservatives and because he is true to his word  
 if you agree we have to nominate the strongest proven conservative in 2016!   
 I’m live NOW with Listen here: 
 tune in at 11:10 am ET! 
 "Look I got the Trump action figure"... "What does he do?" "He pretends to be a Republican"  
 Check this out! This is how much each campaign spends per vote received 
 The time is now for conservatives to unite behind Join the  at  ; 
Thank you  — we’re just getting started! Help us  in South Carolina!  
Now we head to South Carolina, Nevada, and Super Tuesday. We’ve put Washington on the run.
Thank you New Hampshire for tonight’s result, which has left the Washington Cartel utterly terrified.
Because of tonight, the voters will have a clear choice. We are here because of you. Because of your passion for our nation.
The real winner is the grassroots who propelled us to a victory in Iowa and a far stronger outcome in New Hampshire than anyone predicted.
Together, we've done what the pundits ; the media said couldn't be done, what the DC establishment desperately hoped wouldn’t be done.
 WATCH LIVE: speaks in New Hampshire 
  will play audio of the new campaign commercial "Trump Action Figure" at 6:48pm on AM 790 and 
 This is greatness.  
We wouldn't tolerate these values in our children. Why would we want them in our president? 
Thank you! 
 Another great ad 
 Check Out Toddler-Themed Ad Warning Against ‘Playing Trump’ 
  is returning to the campaign trail for a rally with on Thursday in Fort Mill, South Carolina: 
New Hampshire: you still have time to  Find your polling place ( and  to remind your friends! 
 is willing to fight on behalf of the American people  
 "You will never doubt" Cruz is conservative 
 Best of luck to the  for a strong finish in NH!
 Woohoo! A spot of  in phone bank at NH campaign HQ!!!     
 It’s Election Day, NH. Let’s   
 This is Jean, celebrating her 87th birthday today, primary day, with at The Red Arrow.  
 Iowa GOP Certified Caucus Results
New Hampshire -- help us  Find your polling place now:    
 Ted Cruz outside the Red Arrow Diner in Manchester 
  talking w/ at Red Arrow Diner in      
 It’s Election Day, NH. Let’s   
  
     
LIVE on now! Listen here,    
  joins next! Tune in on AM 680 or 
     
  Wins FRC Action's 'True Blue' Award for Unwavering Support of the Family: 
 will be on at 1:20. Don't miss it! 
  
 NH State Senator Kevin Avard Endorses for President:   
 Help  in New Hampshire:     
 I join on at 12:45pm to discuss  and my support of - hope you will tune in! 
 in New Hampshire:    
 New Hampshire 'Live free or die!' Choose Liberty!  
     
Thank you! 
 Counting on you, New Hampshire! Reignite the promise of America.      
 New Hampshire voters, please vote for Ted Cruz today. Our country needs him! Go to  to learn mo…
New Hampshire: if you value liberty,  today!   
  Don’t wait! Commit to  at the ballot box today:  
 Ted Cruz Stands Alone On a Female Draft 
  on Clinton winning IA by coin flip: "This is not the 1st political issue the Democrats have solved by just throwing …
 Hey  before you vote visit for a final look at your choices.  
 don't miss my conversation with on tonight at 10 pm ET!
  has 2,000 volunteers in  some from  Some stay at Camp Cruz. Next 6pm 
We’re bringing the message of liberty to the Live Free or Die State:   
  today in NH. 
  with Patriots in Manchester       
New Hampshire: if you value liberty,  on February 9th:   
 Absolutely packed event at a VFW hall in Manchester.  
Join us live in Manchester, NH!    
 TED CRUZWe have had enough with political correctness, especially in the military. Political correctness is... 
The South Carolina primary is coming up quickly ; we need YOUR help. Join the   
Barrington, get ready to  Find your polling place ; bring 9 friends w/ you   
 Keep up the great work in New Hampshire!   
 Just in: Rand Paul's New Hampshire state chairman Sen. Avard has endorsed Ted Cruz's campaign, he tells a crowd here ht…
  getting standing ovation after being introduced by Turbocam CEO. 
 This is the wall volunteers sign at Ted Cruz Headquarters in NH  
 Love it: holds lead in AR GOP Presidential Primary poll. Ready for March 1! 
 I'm with Cruz on this one.
New Hampshire: join us in Barrington, Raymond, or Manchester! RSVP here:    
 Presidential candidate scheduled to make 3 New Hampshire campaign stops today. 1st in Barrington at 10:30am 
 Coin toss for Super Bowl 1985 was by President Reagan from White House (tails) same day he was sworn for 2nd term: 
Who wins 
Thank you    
TODAY ONLY: contribute $10 or more to get your signed mini football:    
 On the bus with  My interview coming up at 6pm 
 Cruz has total command of detail, tackling random qs on for policy, energy, trans rights, Chinese dissidents ; more 
 Blog: Ted Cruz once again proves himself presidential 
A super sale for  Get your  jersey for just $50:   
 Most heartwarming thing you'll see tonight: getting down on a knee, chatting with daughter 
 Ted Cruz didn't get in on the eminent domain part of last night's debate. But today in NH, he did: 
  
Peterborough, bring 9 friends w/ you to the polls Tuesday to     
 Cruz: "Listen, we have had enough with political correctness, especially in the military."
Let's defeat the  together:   
 "With levelheadedness, wisdom, and character, is our guy."  
 Redstate: win for Cruz 
  Hooray to Cruz for mentioning Flat Tax.  Don't stop now, Ted!
 Here is fist-bumping daughter during the commercial break. Via 
  “We can turn this country around if we get back to the Constitution.”  
  "We can turn this country around if we get back to the Constitution." 
  closing statement: "I will always stand with the American people against the bipartisan corruption of Washingt…
 Great debate for He presented a clear vision for a return to our Constitutional principles!   
I will always stand with the American people against the bipartisan corruption of Washington 
Together, we can and WILL turn this country around and get back to the Constitution! 
 Straight talk from on hard issue of hostages Five stars.
 if you agree we need a president who will go after the terrorists rather than showing them weakness!  
 "It effectively puts a bounty" on hostages, Cruz says. The solution is a POTUS who stops terrorists from taking hostages…
Proper approach is a POTUS that defends this country ; goes after terrorists rather than showing weakness  
There is a reason it has been longstanding policy that we don’t negotiate with terrorists or pay ransoms 
Help reignite the promise of America! Join the    
 Here is what happens during the  commercial break: sits on the stage with his daughter 
 playing it strong. 
As president, I’ll work with Congress to repeal Obamacare and pass a simple flat tax to  
 if you want to pass a simple flat tax and   
I have pledged on day one to rescind every single illegal and unconstitutional executive action Barack Obama has done! 
 if you agree we must allow our soldiers to do their jobs! 
 Cruz on loosening the rules of engagement: "Absolutely yes"   
We have the tools to carry that out. And it starts with overwhelming air power.  
We need a Commander in Chief who sets an objective of utterly and completely destroying ISIS 
As president, I will sign a  of Obamacare! 
 Giving specifics about what he’d do regarding North Korea is setting apart on foreign policy tonight.
 Cruz: "Socialized medicine, whether proposed by the Democrats or proposed by a Republican, would hurt the people of this count…
 Awww.. goes on the floor to play with his little girls.  
If I'm elected president, we will secure the border and stop illegal immigration! 
If I am elected president, we will have a  of Obamacare!  
Socialized medicine is a disaster. It does not work. It would hurt the people of this country. 
When I say I will secure the border and stop illegal immigration, you can trust me! 
 Strong answer by on securing the border. It needs to be done.  
 if you agree we must stop illegal immigration and secure the border!  
I’ve laid out the most detailed plan for solving illegal immigration:  
  on tonight's breaking news that North Korea launched a long-range rocket.  
The fact that we’re seeing a launch from a nuclear North Korea is a direct effect of a failure of the Clinton Administration 
Join the    
We need a president with the judgement and resolve to keep this country safe! 
 is a good and honorable man. He has an amazing life story that has inspired millions — including me. 
Every individual on this stage would make a much better Commander in Chief than Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, or Bernie Sanders 
Here we go at the  Join us on ABC and online at  
  just a few minutes away from      
 The  is coming up. 📺 Are you ready? ;  
  has arrived to GOP debate! 
 thank you!
 If you stand for Lberty, then you have only one real choice for President -- Stand For Ted Cruz.
One hour until the  Are you ready  
 thank you!
 I'm supporting at the  tonight!  
Thank you! 
Time is running out and every dollar counts! Support our New Hampshire Victory Fund now:  
 Don't miss tonight's   
 Tonight takes the stage in  for the  Watch a true conservative speak on our nation's iss…
Awesome. Thank you! 
Today we celebrate Ronald Reagan. A leader who inspired Americans to believe again  
 Cruz supporters can safely say, “Ted agrees with me on immigration ; he’s fought for me on that issue ; I know he’ll con…
 lead singer Michael Tait endorses Cruz! 
Get ready for tonight's  
  No distance between Lindsey Graham, and on foreign policy: 
“I’m supporting Cruz. He’s the most conservative guy in the race.”    
  has been a tireless fighter for liberty his entire life. Defender of the constitution. An American Patriot! 
 
Salem, NH, bring your friends, family and neighbors to  on 2/9!    
  event in Salem, NH is at capacity. The fire Marshall isn't letting any more voters inside. 
 Watch live: Ted Cruz New Hampshire town hall 
Join our Salem, NH, townhall live!     
 Snowstorm didn't deter crowd from town hall in Salem, NH 
 Just another Friday night in NH. Standing room only at a event at Salem's Lancaster School. 
Thanks for hosting! 
Show your friends and family you're part of the  Get your sticker now ;  
 Just a few minutes left w/ if you're tuning in late, the archive will be up this evening==&gt; 
My conversation with is beginning now. Watch here:  
Ensure America's best days are still ahead. Join the   
 Hey guys!  is next week! Can you join me ; pitch in on  to help guarantee a  win? 
I want to call on and to include on the debate stage:  
 Stunning: New statistics about Ted Cruz NOBODY will talk about  
  thanks for standing for the fair debate the American people deserve!
Thank you!   
 CHEERS: gets cheers in Portsmouth for stance on guns, education | New Hampshire   via
 — get ready to  at the ballot box:   
 I  and you should too! Commit to vote for here: 
 The Ted Cruz Ground Game In South Carolina is Impressive  
 ‘As An African-American, I Support Him 100 Percent’: Newsboys Lead Singer Michael Tait Endorses Ted Cruz 
  is “my preferred candidate going into the primary. Me liking Cruz doesn’t mean that I hate everybody else.…
Help elect a consistent conservative as our next president:  
Laconia, bring your friends, family ; neighbors out to  on 2/9:    
  town hall in Laconia : "Iowa win was a victory for grassroots conservative"  
The New Hampshire  visits Weare!    
 While in DC I had to drop by the future residence of 
"Trump has proven already that he is completely malleable"
Speaking with the press in the Granite State   
  calls for additional Alzheimer's research, says funding should "dramatically increase":  
 BOOM! Ted Cruz releases NEW AD showing Jimmy Carter choosing TRUMP!  
 I join on at 4:35 ET to discuss the 2016 presidential race ; my support of  
  ad highlights   ‘endorsement’:  
 Great town hall today   
 thank you!
Why does President Jimmy Carter choose ;
Thank you  
 So awesome to spend time with President Ted Cruz!! He deserves that… 
Join us!     
Thank y'all for starting your day w/ me in Portsmouth!  on 2/9:    
Thank you! 
As president, I’ll defend our Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms:   
 People have packed this Toyota dealership in Portsmouth NH for a rally and speech by Ted Cruz 
 Word of the day:  | The Resurgent - 
 $10M from 182,000 contributions averaging $55 has been raised since January 1 thru last night. $3M since 10 pm on February 1! …
 THIS FRIDAY: Take part in a live conversation w/ U.S. Sen. the details here:  
  - 3,000-member NH Conservative Majority Project endorses     vi…
 Jimmy Carter would pick Donald Trump over Ted Cruz, but he doesn't think Trump will make it that far 
 is touring Nevada tomorrow, for    Check all events here 
Wow! What a terrific evening in Nashua! Commit to     
 "I think people are fed up with Washington," said in N.H. has more.  
 "Standing next to this empty chair feels just like my debate with Donald Trump." 
 on 2/9:    
 Stop five of the day for and me, Nashua, NH 
 Cruz: If I win- Day 1 in office: rescind all Obama's exec. Orders; Also- investigate  parenthood.  
 Packed house cheering here in  as takes the stage for town hall.   
 Town Hall with 
 warming up the crowd in Nashua, NH!   
 
Merrimack, NH is ready to reignite the promise of America! Join us if you are too:   
This is a job interview. Anyone who wants to be POTUS owes it to the people to come before them ; answer questions 
 Trump says he's upset at Ted Cruz for disrespecting Ben Carson.Which is kinda weird, considering Trump compared Carson to …
On the radio with in just a few minutes. Listen online here,  
 I'm joining on at 3:05pm ET to discuss the upcoming  ; my support of  
Thank y'all for joining us at Robie's Country Store!  on 2/9:    
Yet another  very angry w/the people of Iowa. They actually looked at his record. 
 Just before heading to another event, spoke only with What he said tonight LIVE from New Hampshire. 
Thank you Henniker! Don't forget to bring 9 friends to  on 2/9    
Bernie is contesting  results. Maybe Donald should go back to IA ; join the Ds. Bet they'd love  
Thank you  
 Robie's Gen. Store PACKED for stop. Politicians have been stopping here since the 50's.  
 SC here I come!!!!! Let's welcome the next POTUS, Ted Cruz!!!     
 Henniker, NH event with Ted Cruz 
  begins his 5-stop NH day in Henniker at New England College; 
  isn’t just a campaign conservative. He’s a proven conservative. Join the   h…
 Overflow crowd waiting for in Henniker NH. 
We’re live now. Listen here:  
 I’ll be LIVE on the radio with around 9:30 am ET. Listen here: 
 Scott Brown and Bob Dole. Man, with endorsers like that, you know Trump's anti-establishment.
It was awesome meeting Brianna and her sister Katie in Greenville today. Brianna made 552 calls for our campaign! 
Thanks to all the courageous conservatives who joined us in Greenville, SC, today. Together we're going to win! 
Please join​ in supporting our campaign:  
 Overflow crowd in  for  rally.  
 Overflow crowd at first SC rally after  win for  
 Line out the door to welcome Iowa Caucus winner back to Greenville, SC    
Manny Roman: "Cruz will re-establish the American Constitutional system" 
 One day after the  holds a town hall in Windham, New Hampshire. 
 Just interviewed Rafael Cruz , father, at the airport. He is thrilled for his son  
  picks up endorsement of South Carolina Congressman Jeff Duncan. Cruz heading to SC this afternoon after stop in NH…
 WATCH:  victory speech    
Thank you Windham, NH -- let's reignite the promise of America together!   
I'm honored to earn the support of​!Join him in supporting our campaign: 
  covers at packed rally in Windham    
 Today I Proclaimed Feb. 2 will be Texas Military Heroes Day. We thank all Texans who've served our country.  
Thank you Allie!   
 Yikes! No place to stand  packs ‘em in at Windham NH church. He’s still enroute  
 Room is at capacity for 1st post-Iowa win event in New Hampshire. LIVE   
 From had a record breaking win in  last night   
 I'm joining on at 1:15pm ET today to talk about the  ; the impressive victory! 
 join us in Greenville, SC, TONIGHT: 
2 pm ET: don't miss on the Joyce-Kaufman Show. Listen here,  
 WATCH and : wins the  in a victory for all Americans who believe a new day is coming 
 "God bless the great state of Iowa.  Let me first of all say 'To God be the glory. Tonight is a victory for the grassroots.…
 "Iowa has sent notice that the next nominee of the GOP will not be chosen by the media, by the Washington establishment, by…
 Congratulations, Ted Cruz, You Just Won More Votes in a GOP Caucus Than Anyone... Ever! 
  is the projected winner of the  with nearly 52,000 votes - the most ever for a GOP candidate 
  fresh off his big win in Iowa, joins at 12:10pm today! AM 680,  
 Cruz whips cartel 
Thank you Iowa! This is OUR time -- join the    
 Good morning from New Hampshire! On now with my Intv from just moments after he won. Tune in now
 Thank you  for demonstrating why has what it takes to serve as Commander in Chief on day one: 
Let me tell you... I cannot wait to stand on that debate stage with We will win by speaking the truth.
Thank you Iowa! This is OUR time. Join us:  
Tonight is a victory for the grassroots, for conservatives across Iowa, and conservatives across the nation. 
 Allie Ziegler (in hat), who was in our story today, has made 2128 calls for this week  htt…
 Doing well, best of luck for a strong finish.
 Come on Iowans! Keep it up!  
 C'mon Cruz!!! 🙏🏼 Praying!!!  
  !!!!Support from Alabama!
 keep voting for Ted!  
 Today, I wish I lived in Iowa so I could vote for Virginia coming soon!    
    
 
Thank you! 
  please keep caucusing for Cruz. We need this for the cause.
Don't just listen to what  candidates say. Ask who has walked the walk. Who has stood up and fought?  
Just finished speaking at the Linn County Super Caucus. Watch here ;  tonight  
Meeting and greeting caucus goers in Linn county.   
 I hope Iowans  tn 
  is the leader that we need to reignite the promise of America.  tonight! Find out how here: 
 Here is rollin to caucus in a minivan 
Don't miss on File tonight at 11 pm ET / 10 pm CT from our Election Watch party in Des Moines 
 thank you!
 Good line. 
 Photo of a VERY packed Iowa church where is speaking. At capacity, Fire Marshal turning people away. 
We can and will get back to the founding principles that made America great   
Iowa has the chance to do something extraordinary. To pull this country back   
About to start our pre-caucus rally in Marion.  
Thank y'all!   
 "How to caucus for…" is top searched in  today for Republicans 
 to remind your friends to  at 7pm:  
 Dear Iowans, please  tonight.   
 will be on tomorrow at 12:10. Don't miss it! 
  confronted by angry Iowa farmer over ethanol subsidies – Listen to what the man is saying 7 minutes later: 
On the radio with now! Listen here,   
Thank you Iowa!  tonight:   
  
 Enjoyed talking with about my support of Sen.     
 join us in Greenville, SC tomorrow: 
 Are you in  Learn how to  today! Don't miss a historic chance to bring conservatism back! 
 Iowa    
 TX Lt. Gov joined me to discuss the campaign ; why voters should pick Cruz. 
   
 How to       
 Largest Tea Party Group In America Endorses  
 At war room for - these volunteers will make 20,000 plus phone calls today asking people to caucus for Cruz htt…
 My latest column on endorses   
 If there is one candidate in this election who I want picking the next 2-3 Supreme Court justices, it's Ted Cruz. 
 This is OUR time!  it’s time to  
 today:  
​ encourages Iowans to get out and  today: 
 Iowans: make plans to bring nine of your friends out to "vote 10 times" for  at the   
 Meet Maggie Wright, a volunteer staying at Camp Cruz. That's her SUV she drove from TX.  
 Awesome! is bringing in new voters! 
 Happening now on why endorsement
 Hopefully the people of Iowa make the right decision and 
  is coalescing conservatives in Iowa and across the country."  
 Lt Governor  joining us to talk about and a big day in Iowa. 
 tonight! Find out how here: 
 I talk about why is the conservative leader our country needs on Inside Texas Politics.  
  Before  I asked how he'll consolidate conservative support.  
  and I on the bus with as he answers questions about the Iowa Caucus. 
We're counting on you, Iowa.  tomorrow:  
  takes the stage for his Caucus Eve rally here at the Iowa state fairgrounds in Des Moines.  
  enters Des Moines rally 
 Watch live at RedState!  
 Iowa State Fair Patrol Officer tells me more than 1,000 people inside the rally.  
  
Get ready to  tomorrow:  
 really firing up the crowd here. "Finish the race!"
  is helping in Iowa, has the story. 
 Heidi Cruz speaks on behalf of her husband at a rally at the state fairgrounds in Des Moines.  
 Big crowd for Ted Cruz's caucus eve rally in Des Moines 
 Fire marshal has closed access to the Iowa State Fair Elwell Center. rally has exceeded building capacity. 
  stumping form at the fair grounds in West Des Moines 
 Last rally of the day, at the state fairgrounds in Des Moines 
 Heidi Cruz takes the stage at the rally 
  speaking the truth in Davenport  25 hours until     
 A full room for rally here at Adventure Community Church in Davenport, Iowa. 
 SK ; "Fear God. Hunt ducks ; let the chips fall where they may." Left the duck blind for 
 The crowd waiting for in Davenport, Iowa. At least 600 RSVP'ed but far more in here than that 
 Last rally of the night for me for   
 Heidi Cruz keeping a strong focus on faith and family at rally in Davenport. 
 explaining why he's made his first endorsement for our campaign   
 Very busy at Iowa HQ  
The stage in Davenport. See you there,   
  great to be in Iowa City  28 hours until     
  speaks for "we are here for the constitution"  
 Lucy, 12, ; Skylar Tekell, 6, test duck calls tossed to crowd at Cruz rally in Iowa City. Duck Commander on tap. 
 Standing room crowd quickly filled Cruz rally in Iowa City. 30 minutes to start. Campaign videos rolling. 
  wife speaks to packed building at the Johnson co fairgrounds  
 Catching up on the weather with !   
  making calls in Iowa asking folks to support  
 "We're here for the Constitution" Glenn Beck says at event. "We are a nation of laws and not of men."
Phil Robertson is firing up a packed house in Iowa City to  tomorrow:  
 encouraging Iowans to  tomorrow! 
 "Ted Cruz checks all the boxes for me."   
 Parking lot scene at Iowa City rally 
 "We need someone who'll stand up and fight for our children and grandchildren. We need 
 Lieutenant Gov of Texas rallies volunteers in Des Moines, IA.  
 Johnson County Fairgrounds Building C is filling up 20 minutes before is set to speak. 
 Welcome to Iowa City, where will be speaking to voters here around 1:30.  
 Really strong turnout for here in Iowa City. This race is TIGHT people 
 "A vote for Marco Rubio is a vote for amnesty. And a vote for Donald Trump is a vote for ObamaCare."   
We let Caroline ; Catherine off the bus for some exercise by Ames. They said they were "running to caucus"  
Watch today's  rally LIVE from Iowa City at 1:30 pm CT here:  
  talked Donald Trump, Marco Rubio and what's at stake in Iowa on  Watch the full interview: 
See you there! 
  among 12 or so TX lawmakers campaigning for in Iowa Caucuses.  
  has 3 stops in Iowa today. Iowa City, Davenport, and Des Moines 
 we're in Iowa City, Davenport, and Des Moines today! Join us:  
Get ready to  tomorrow:   
  "broke his promise to the American people" on immigration   
Get ready to  tomorrow: 
WATCH:  
A vote for me is a vote to secure the border ; a  of Obamacare.   
 "A vote for Marco Rubio is a vote for amnesty," says on  
  will be on  in just a few minutes. Tune in as he discusses his strategy going forward in the race. 
 Coming up at the top of the hour on -- an interview with GOP Presidential Candidate  
  is live from Des Moines at the top of the hour with 
TODAY: I'll be on NBC's and -- tune in 
 Duck Commander Phil Robertson leads Sioux City crowd in a duck call to try to lure Trump into a one-on-one de…
 Proud to support my friend ;  conservative for President!   
 At rally in Sioux City, Iowa, picks up endorsement from Tea Party Patriots
Thank you Sioux City!  on Monday:  
You heard him. is asking you to  on Monday:  
So grateful to have Phil Robertson in Sioux City tonight urging Iowans to  
  introducing here in Sioux City 
 officially endorses our campaign!   
Honored to earn the support of tonight in Sioux City!   
 in Sioux City: "I want in the White House."  
 Room is filling up at rally in Sioux City, Iowa. All seats are taken. Countdown to  
 takes the stage in front of a packed house in Sioux City   
  warming up a standing-room-only crowd for in Sioux City 
Crowd is building in Sioux City!   
  on the ground in Iowa for 
 Phil Robertson, and me tonight in Sioux City!   
  on Heidi Cruz as First Lady: "to all the school kids, it means French fries are coming back to school."
  great to be in Ida Grove  49 hours until      
 Used a Duck Commander and found the Chief. Rally for    
  gets flood of House endorsements right before Iowa caucuses  
  1-on-1 w/ talking issues ahead of Iowa Caucus. Story at 6.  
  with daughter asks packed auditorium of Iowans to go out and caucus for Monday 
 Tomorrow sits down with just 1 day ahead of Iowa.   
  third standing room only stop of the day, Darrell's Place, Hamlin, Iowa 
 Just landed in Iowa! Looking forward to supporting during the    
No more deals. It's time for principled conservative leadership!Sign up to  
 Talking to a lovely Iowa family in Ames, big Cruz supporters 
  great to be in Hamlin  52 hours until      
 Tomorrow on  Watch interview as he wraps up his campaign through all 99 Iowa counties 
Thank you Ames! Hamlin is next:    
Find your caucus location:    
 Campaigning with and today in Ames, IA.   
 Huge crowd for the Ted Cruz event in Ames   
 If Ted Cruz can bring people like this out on Monday, he will win Iowa.   
  "Bernie is a socialist and he admits it. Hillary is a socialist and she pretends she's not."
 IN THE PACK -- arriving in Ames, IA. Bigger crowd, more cameras than yesterday.  
Don't miss my discussion with tomorrow morning on Fox and Friends!   
I'm asking you, right now, to commit to  on Monday night:  
  speaking the truth in Ames  55 hours until      htt…
 Hundreds pack a hotel conference center in Ames, IA for rally 2 days ahead of  
 Thanks to for coming out to rally in Ames, Iowa 
 Packed house here in Ames, IA, for this afternoon! 
 Currently backstage at a rally in Ames.That's Glenn Beck in the middle and Richard Dreyfuss on the right. 
Thank you for your friendship, and thank you for joining us in Ames today!  
 Packed ( overflowing) room for Ted Cruz/Glenn Beck rally at the Gateway Hotel in Ames.  
 Heidi Cruz tells overflow crowd in Ames did what people wanted in DC not what party wanted 
 Pano shot of capacity crowd at Ames event...  
 And let the weekend begin!   
 Dialing for Cruz.  
 There are amazing people here in Iowa trying to make sure a constitutionalist gets into the White House.  to be amon…
Honored to have in Ames urging Iowans to  
We have arrived in Ames!  
Thank y'all for starting your morning with us in Hubbard today!  
 Join Phil Robertson ; me in Ames  ; Sioux City  
 Texans housed at  , hoping to give a victory. has the story:  
 "The question is: who’s been consistent? And has not been and has." 
It's almost time to  Make sure you're ready: 
 “The one thing you could say about is he is consistent… He does exactly what he says he’s going to do," says
 Amazing crowd out tonight to see in Wapello, IA!  
  “The question is: who’s been consistent? And has not been and has."  
 If the Republican Party nominates Trump, I hope that I don't hear from my father's grave "I didn't leave the Party, the Pa…
 Well, that seals the deal. gets Caroline Glick's endorsement.    
Iowans: on Monday, I'm asking each of you to vote for me ten times:  
 The crowd for town hall here in Wilton, Iowa (pop. 2,808): 
Was asked in Wilton who would be my first  nominination. Unlike it WON'T be 
The very first thing I'll do as president? WATCH ; 
God bless the great state of Iowa. Thank you all for joining us in Wilton tonight!   
 Audio/transcript: Today's intv w/ 
Iowa's own gets a standing ovation at our town hall in Wilton tonight!   
 firing up the crowd in Wilton, IA!   
Kicking off our town hall with in Wilton, IA, in just a few minutes!   
 expected here in Wilton in about 35 minutes for town hall.   
 Joined now by Listen online 
 Cruz finished strong.  
 Headed to Iowa. Updates all weekend. 
  takes us to  in Iowa where hundreds campaign for on KXAN 
 Thank you and for joining on the campaign trail!  
  on plan for Iowa win: ‘Barnstorm the State’  
  
  stands with Texas in Emmetsburg, IA  as prepares to introduce her husband. 
 I'll be on the show at 6 pm ET. Don't miss it:  
 72 hours out from caucus time and opens the show for the first half hour.  Here is a candidate who uses every minu…
Catherine is ready for the  
  in Fenton  77 hours until      
  
This is OUR time. Get ready to  
 Congressman Louie Gohmert in Ringsted, IA speaking ahead of  
 Ted and Heidi Cruz savor the final days before the caucus in Ringsted, Iowa. 
 How earned one of the few Capitol Hill endorsements that matters to conservatives, Mark Meadows  
You, me, and Phil Robertson in Iowa Saturday and Sunday. More info:   
 Veteran stumps for Cruz at 3G's in Ringsted, Iowa 
A victory for religious liberty! 
 Ted Cruz Announces Huge War Chest  
 'I've Consistently Opposed Amnesty': Sits Down with  
This election is about trust.   
Voters saw a contrast between campaign conservatives and a consistent, proven conservative in the 
 Megyn Kelly meets Ted Cruz's oldest daughter during the commercial break  
In 93 hours it’ll be time for Iowans to decide. I’d be honored if you would caucus for me on Monday night 
As president, I will tear down the EPA’s blend wall! 
I'm proud to stand with the American people and not career politicians in Washington.  if you are too! 
I was proud to keep my commitment to the voters of Texas ; lead the fight to stop​'s amnesty 
This is a grassroots campaign. I didn’t run for the Senate in Texas to go along to get along. 
I am not the candidate of career politicians in Washington 
Jeff Sessions supported my amendment to remove citizenship from Gang of Eight amnesty bill 
Mandate supports Cap and Trade:  
 "If I'm elected we will repeal every word of Obamacare" --  
If I am elected president, we will repeal every word of Obamacare!   
As Commander in Chief, I will completely and utterly destroy ISIS. Join the   
  over the past seven years has dramatically degraded our military.  
 Watching in the  He'll be joining with this Sunday in Iowa.  
The most important determination voters will make is who is best prepared to be Commander in Chief 
I will apologize to no one for the vigorousness with which I will fight terrorism and utterly destroy ISIS 
I look forward to signing the  bill into law as president. 
There is a difference between personal insults and attacks and focusing on issues and substance. I plan to focus on substance. 
Thank you to the men and women of Iowa for your tremendous hospitality! 
Here we go at the  Join us online,  
A pre  prayer 
 DON’T MISS: and more join me for a LIVE  at 11p ET after the 
Tune in to tonight at 9 pm ET,    
 Even more chances to meet Attorney General as he tours Nevada on his Countdown to Caucus for 
 Tune in to support at the  tonight at 9PM ET on FOX News!  
 Tune in to tonight's  on Fox News​ at 9 pm ET:  
 BOOM!! Ted Cruz ad missile is a DIRECT HIT on Marco Rubio’s past support on amnesty!!! 
I was proud to lead the fight against amnesty.When I say I’ll secure the border, you can trust me!
 Congressman Mark Meadows endorses ahead of Iowa caucus      
Thank you! 
 Talking to my good friend  today from 4-5pm CT. We'll discuss the  debate tonight. Listen in here: 
 tune in to the  at 9 pm ET on 
 Here's snap with his new geofilter calling out for skipping the  
 Texans flock north to the  to make more than 15k phone calls a day for   
Going to tonight's  Look for this  filter ; 
 if you're tuning in to tonight's  on    
 Tune in to tonight's  on​ at 9 pm ET:  
 kicks off his tour to Countdown to Caucus for this morning in Fallon. 
 There's a  tonight, but the  HQ in Iowa is buzzing now! 
 
   
 rallying the troops at the  HQ! Get ready to   
 Here's the full debate request from to 
 Read letter just sent formally inviting him to one-on-one debate: 
Camp Cruz had a visitor this morning -- 
Honored to earn the endorsement of Congressman Join the  
 Tonight I endorsed my friend Senator "a principled, conservative leader we need in the White House." 
  "If you are going along ; getting along in Washington, you're doing something wrong."  
  "I think anyone that wants to win the Iowa caucuses owes it to the men ; women...to show the humility...to answer q…
 Cruz: "Vote for me 10 times!" - by bringing 9 people to caucus. 
 Ted Cruz's crowd is shoulder to shoulder ; pouring out the door! 
We have a time. We have a place. All we need is a candidate. What do you say, 
 Ted Cruz takes the stage at the Right to Life rally in West Des Moines - and the crowd goes wild! 
 
  five days out rallying the faithful in West Des Moines.  
 "This is a job interview," says on  in Iowa tomorrow and upcoming caucus 
Encourage to accept:  
 names Trump while talking anti-abortion battles: "Donald Trump today supports taxpayer funding for Planned Pare…
119 hours. That's how long we've got. Let's do this, Iowa!   
 "Our values are his values." introducing at his West Des Moines event
 Besides being a fantastic character actor Clint Howard is also supporter.
 Rick Perry gets them on their feet at anti-abortion rally 
  Bring everyone you know to caucus and let's send to the White House!  
 A standing ovation for in West Des Moines 
 on why he believes you should   
 "You can trust Ted Cruz because he talks the talk AND he walks the walk."  
 Packed room for in West Des Moines. Like, I'm about to get crushed packed  
 Standing-room-only crowd waiting for in West Des Moines tonight! 
 Best surrogate for is his father Rafael. Pastor, not a pol ;passionate abt his love for America--; of course hi…
TONIGHT: I talk to from the  bus. Tune in at 10 pm ET! 
 This is funny  
Watch live here,     
   
Order it here:  
 Tomorrow Millennials for Cruz will be holding Voter Registration Drives on campuses across the country!  
Today we remember the greatest atrocity in human history. The horror of the Holocaust must never be forgotten: 
Don't let  skip the debate. Get your  hat today ---;  
 Will take this challenge from 
Let's debate before the  
 get ready for   
 I believe is the leader to pull America out of the political and cultural tailspin that President Obama’s policies h…
 Ted understands the constitution, the rule of law and the Supreme Court better than any candidate in this race. 
 Passing through Chicago, home of the current president -- on my way to Iowa to join our next president,
Tell to accept:  
 Join Pro-Life Leaders ; me in Des Moines tonight! RSVP here:  
 My full statement on why I am supporting for president: 
  and in Des Moines, IA– LIVE at 7pm ET on C-SPAN   
 Heidi Cruz dishes on 'who is’ -- an 'incredibly thoughtful person' via 
  says he won't be in Thurs. night's debate...now is challenging him to a 1-on-1 debate. 
Tell to accept my one-on-one debate invitation:   
 trembling at being questioned by channels Monty Python:  
 So who is more afraid of: Megyn Kelly or Ted Cruz?
 Nice endorsement for Ted Cruz.Tony Perkins..
I challenged to a one-on-one debate. Tell him to accept:   
 is a man of incredible principle and faith. I am honored to have his blessing and endorsement for 2016!
 I am personally endorsing Ted Cruz for president of the United States. 
  on “He’s a bold leader. He’s the kind of leader we need right now in America.” 
  on presidential endorsement: “I believe the one who is best positioned, best prepared to lead this nation… is
  endorsement: "I believe the 1 that is best positioned, best prepared to lead this nation...is 
 Great day in Iowa with the     
  challenges Trump to a one-on-one debate on
On the radio with now. Listen live here,  
 Ted Cruz joins The Factor tonight to talk about his political battle with Trump --  
 Conservative radio host Dana Loesch  announces her 2016 choice  
Great to be in Ottumwa, IA, for the countdown to  Get ready to   
  will be on tonight! Tune in 8pm ET     
  speaks at a church in Bloomfield, Iowa, his fourth of seven stops today in Iowa.  
We can reignite the promise of America. And with your help, we WILL. Join the  
 AUDIO Heidi Cruz joins Jeff to talk about campaign. 1/26/15 
 At nh headquarters w/ I just sat down w/ her for a fascinating convo. Watch tomorrow am 
I am so honored and proud to have your endorsement, your support, and your friendship,  
 Fantastic interview with and on the  right now.    
Remembering back when wasn't attacking conservatives... 
Joining on the radio at 2 pm ET. Listen here,  
   
Great having join us on the trail today in Osceola, IA!   
Join us,   
  gave a Rocking Endorsement of in Osceola, IA 
   Ted Cruz makes a campaign stop at High Point Bulls in Osceola wi…  
  We need a president who is a servant of the Constitution. We need  
Join the   
 This isn't about me or This is about the Constitution of the United States! 
 David Limbaugh: Cruz has been right since the beginning 
 Here's my column 
 The race for the is heating up! TONIGHT at 9p ET speaks out on why he’s backing Don’t miss…
Join and me in Iowa tomorrow! RSVP here:  
 Look forward to being back in Iowa to support    
 I'm joining on MSNBC at 8 PM EST. Tune in for my discussion on Iowa, ; the latest polls. 
Our new TV ad starts airing statewide in Iowa tomorrow... 
  will be ready to be Commander-in-Chief on day one 
RSVP to join us:  
 Packed house for in the other Manchester *IOWA* with just a week to go before the   
  arriving in Manchester       
 -- join us in Iowa this week:   
 "Ted Cruz is by far the most consistent conservative in that crowd."  | AP Photo 
Just one week until the   Let’s do this:   
 My message about why I support for President.    
 "Ted Cruz will be ready to be Commander in Chief on day one." 
Thank you for your support, Governor! 
Join the  here:  
Listen here,   
 I stand with   will fight for American interests ; values!  
​: Ted Cruz is the most qualified...he's a constitutionalistJoin the  
 Former Texas Governor Rick Perry endorses Ted Cruz 
 "I am supporting Ted Cruz and asking Iowa Republicans to  
Honored to have the endorsement of  us: 
  will be ready to be Commander-in-Chief on day one
  is endorsing for 2016. Find out why on   
 endorses for president
 Next - live on to talk about his endorsement of Watch  
Don’t miss in just a few minutes on on Fox Business!
Join the   
The establishment doesn't like it when someone speaks the truth about what is happening in Washington 
 You can catch the  interviews with ; at 5 ET, with analysis by
Who are you pulling for in the AFC Championship?
Enjoy the big games today and show your support by ordering the latest  gear!  
Thank you for spreading the word!   
 With in Dike, IA at Slice Ultra-Shed last night: His take on  
 New poll: and not  
Americans don't care about politicians bickering — they're concerned about the real problems facing this country!
 ICYMI: Updated: Cruz wraps up NH bus tour by striking back at establishment critics  
 IOWA! "I have prayed for the next George Washington. I believe I have found him," --Glenn Beck, on 
We will ensure the best days for America are still to come -- together!Join us: 
 New poll: and not  
 Ted Cruz's daughters, ages 8 and 5, on the campaign trail in Iowa.  
Thank you and Waterloo, IA for a great event tonight!  
 Ted Cruz wins Tarrant County GOP Presidential Straw Poll!  This TX county includes Ft Worth.    
It’s now time for the men and women of Iowa to vet the candidates and make the right choice  
 I have officially endorsed to become the next president of the United States  
 in Iowa: “What you do in 9 days will affect my children and my children’s children”  
  speaks campaign event in Davenport, IA – LIVE on C-SPAN   
 D.C. is covered in snow ; government is closed but soldiers at Tomb of Unknown Soldier never quit.  
 Headed out to  with the winning ticket   
 Ted Cruz's second stop today: Slice Ultra Shed in Dike, Iowa.  
  -- all in Waterloo (Iowa, that is). Tons of energy at 5 Sullivan Brothers center. 
Thank you Join us:   
  stopped by Slice Ultra Shed to rally the troops ; grab a little pizza    
 trying to re-live Hollywood's "The Campaign."  
 See photos from campaign stop in Ankeny with   
 BREAKING: Ted Cruz just received big endorsement, along with this plea… 
If I am elected president, on my first day in office, I’ll rip to shreds this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal!  
 2500+ fired up supporters in Ankeny, ia   
  endorses for President!!! 
 Our children deserve hope of a better tomorrow than our yesterdays; they deserve
 The presidency is not just a man, it is principles. That's why I stand with
  stumping with in Iowa: "We need a president who is a servant of the Constitution.”  
  takes the stage for at a rally in Ankeny, Iowa.  
 Kicking off at the rally.  Watch live: 
Join and me LIVE in Iowa now:   
 T-minus 1 hour until the rally kicks off! You will be able to view it here: 
 Where Was Donald Trump During the Immigration Fight? Advocating Amnesty  
 This election is about more than someone who understands your anger; it is about those who can stand shoulder to shoulder wi…
 Headed to Iowa!  Going to be a fun day in the Hawkeye state. 
Awesome! 
 If every GOP primary voter saw this before caucusing or voting how many would support 
Together, we can and will break the  Join us: 
 So is Ted Cruz and I have far less doubt that he means what he says and will continue to believe ; act on it. 
 The time is now for conservatives to unite behind Join the  at  ; 
Thank you! 
 Cruz snags support of pro-family leader 
"Ad exposing how Trump has used eminent domain to bulldoze an elderly woman’s home to create a limo parking lot" 
 Gary Bauer, big social conservative leader, becomes the latest Christian movement head to endorse Ted Cruz.
 You have our backs, We have yours:       
 Fight for  Fight for Fight with   ; 
As Commander in Chief, I'll have the backs of our men and women of the military!
  Officer and American hero  who won his gunfight with  loyalist leaving hospital. 
  and  
 David Limbaugh: the irrational fear of Cruz 
 In new column, hits the Establishment's irrational fear of (via 
 Fantastic interview! Jack Welch: does what he says he’s going to do  
 Ted Cruz on ABC News: Trump and Rubio are trying to blur the lines, but they were both pro-Amnesty 
Yes — bring friends! 
 Cruz ad: Trump “colluded with Atlantic City insiders to bulldoze the home of an elderly widow for a limousine parking lo…
It's time we change the system and break the  -- together! Join us: 
 poll: , tied among N.C. GOP voters   
 was right when he called this a "very, very bad deal." 
 While I defended the  in Uniform Defended it in front of the Supreme Court   
  campaign announces he will hold 20 events in Iowa between Saturday and next Friday. 
To the men and women of our military, as Commander in Chief, I'll have your back  
 Phillip Klein: GOP establishment  blinded by its hate for Cruz 
 Just got a call from mom thanking me for my support.  I really appreciated it.
 Just in: Ted Cruz announces his final 10-day Iowa push, during which he will visit all remaining counties and complete …
 Former Algore aide: "a dangerous man. Could win the general election...That’s what frightens me." 
 Last week on  we took an intimate look at recent push in Iowa from his bus tour.
 The antipathy on Cap Hill toward is largely bc he won't play their game, doesn't cower at leadership's demands.
  wraps up NH bus tour by striking back at establishment critics     via
 Sen Bob Dole has harsh words for Sen Ted Cruz-Sen Bob Dole tonight OTR at 7p
 Turns out the establishment ❤️ Trump. After all, he'll make deals with them❤️❤️❤️❤️ 
Jack Welch​: Ted Cruz does what he says he’s going to do!Join the  
 Ted Cruz Spots 1 Man in Crowd Who Changed His Life Forever, Immediately Brought to…   
 Great intv on w re 2016, w very good argument for Cruz. Hope posts online!
 Tune in to tomorrow morning for my exclusive interview with Ted Cruz on the campaign trail
 Abt 150-200 ppl await in Manchester (this is the second room). 
 Big crowd to see  at Theo's in Manchester. And this is the overflow room.   
  wrapping up 5 day NH bus tour at Theo's in Manchester     via
 The scene @ at a packed Ted Cruz event at a restaurant in Manchester 
As president, I'll have the backs of our men and women of the military. Join us: 
Thank you    
 The Republican "Establishment" views Ted Cruz, not Donald Trump as the Threat 
 Bob Dole, Who Opposed Ronald Reagan in 1980 as Too Fringe, Thinks Donald Trump is Better Than Ted Cruz 
 this is the establishment reaching peak fecklessness 
 Revealing Bob Dole quote on why the estab wing can accept Trump: "he’s kind of a deal-maker" (via )
  to this article I wrote in September about   
 Cruz: "Trump SUPPOS amnesty. Read his 2013 tweet"  
 AUDIO: Presidential candidate joined   
 This is what he's talking about on now. Listen here:   
  'Washington establishment is abandoning Rubio and rushing to support htt…
 LIVE NOW: joins  Listen here:  
Rep.​: I’m willing to to put it all on the line endorsing him: 
Trump SUPPOS amnesty. Read his 2013 tweet--while I was leading the fight to defeat Rubio Gang of 8 amnesty.  
Thank you!   
Miss my conversation with last night? Listen here: 
 Tune in at 10 for presidential candidate on  Listen here:  
 Cruz: Trump can't wait to cut deals with Dems 
 I just donated again to  He is the best candidate to lead our nation. 
 Senator Ted Cruz's Michigan office hands out water in Flint 
  “A strong vigorous executive can undo the damage of the Obama administration.”  
  “Everything done with executive power can be undone with executive power.”  
 On says the $50 million+ he has now raised came from 700,000 contributors.
 What is favorite joke on the campaign trail?  
 I'll be live on the in just a few minutes. Listen here: 
  taking the stage in Hollis   Bus Tour   
 Third stop on NH political tour: Ted Cruz rally in Hollis, NH 
 BREAKING: Seeks to Block Joint U.S.-Cuba Security Exercises  via 
 Sen. Ted Cruz's wife and Rep. Steve King as guests on the Steele Report. Hear from them tonight! 
One year from today, we will have a president who will end sanctuary cities. Join the  
 JUST IN: Colorado congressman Ken Buck endorses Ted Cruz for president  by 
  , freshman GOP class president, endorses 
Help elect a consistent, conservative champion of our values as our next president: 
One year from today we’ll have a president who will lead the fight to  Join the  
 Oh boy 
A year from today, a new president will be sworn in, and we need that person to be a consistent, proven conservative
 Thank you!
One year from today we will have a president who will protect the Second Amendment! Join us:  
 Join Phil Robertson in supporting for president:   
 WOW. A rifle from Obama’s Fast and Furious program was found in El Chapo’s hideout: 
  in Exeter, NH: "One year from today, Barack Obama will no longer be president."  
 WATCH Live: Republican presidential candidate and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz holds a town hall event in Exeter. 
  deploys his top surrogate on the campaign trail - one who knows him better than anyone. Meet 
 The 45th president of the United States will be inaugurated 1 year from today – Friday, Jan. 20, 2017.
 Ted Cruz finds eager religious audience in moderate New Hampshire  | Getty 
Don’t miss talking about the latest from the campaign on CNN at 9 am ET! 
 During a campaign stop in Iowa,  speaks to a young supporter. Catch up on   htt…
Thanks to all the Granite Staters who joined us on the  today!   
Thank you for hosting a terrific event!   
 RIP Braden Joplin so sad. Only 25. Thoughts and prayers with his family and campaign 
 Cruz at Scott Brown's "No BS BBQ": "Tomorrow, there is less than a year of Obama in the White House." 
Join the  
 The Republican establishment really, really doesn't like Ted Cruz  
 continues to seek Establishment support. Cartel wants more deals ; cronyism; fears conservatives.  
Heidi and I are lifting up in prayer the staffers injured in a car accident in Iowa. By His stripes, we are healed. Is. 53:5.
 Cruz camp announces $700K Iowa ad buy during NFL playoffs/Duck Dynasty of this Cruz/Duck Dynasty ad: 
  campaign TV ad featuring Phil Robertson set to air in Iowa: 
Check out our newest TV ad, Cruz Commander! Join Phil Robertson​ in supporting our campaign: 
I love  Without her support, I wouldn't be in the Senate. Regardless of what she does in 2016, I will always be a big fan.
Thank you — keep spreading the word! 
  they are packed in  in Freedom   Bus Tour   
  says in Freedom, NH: "This town officially wins the contest for the best named city in America." 
 WATCH LIVE: campaigns in Freedom, NH  
If I’m elected POTUS, any nation that captures our fighting men ; women will face the full force and fury of the USA
 Jammin' with -- North Conway, NH  
 -- don't miss on today at 9 am CT: 
Thank you for a great day, New Hampshire! Join the     
 Watch make case to voters in 
Thanks for bravely speaking the truth....(2/2) 
Thanks for bravely speaking the truth.... 
 Caroline and Catherine just earned two more votes for in SC!    
I am honored to have the support of so many leaders, at the grassroots and all across this nation: 
 JUST IN: Cruz blasts Trump's ties to Democrats  
 AUDIO: TED CRUZ WITH KUHNER 1-18-16 - FULL 
  joins at 2:30! Tune in on AM 680 or  
If I am elected President, we will completely and utterly destroy ISIS!
 Don't miss my interview with at 2:35 on 
  "We need common sense values of Washington  in Washington   Bus Tour  
 Ted Cruz opens his stop in Washington, N.H. saying something he doesn't say often:"It's great to be in Washington" 
I gotta say, the American people are feeling pretty "nasty"towards the Washington Cartel.  
 From Senator Ted Cruz: Today We Honor Rev. King, A Sojourner of Justice  
Thank you! 
  shakes hands in overflow crowd on his way into Lindy's Diner in Keene, NH. 
 Squished standing room only and many more outside standing in snow waiting in Keene!  
 How I Know Ted Cruz Has Major Momentum  
 RETWEET if you think any of our candidates will make a better  in 2016!  
As the  begins, Republicans have to wonder which team would play for: 
  is working to keep his momentum in the polls rolling with a five-day bus tour through  -- 
  NH bus tour begins tonight in Milford on  
  heads to S.C. for volunteer events Mon. in Greenville and Tues. in Columbia:  
 REALLY a full house waiting for in Milford, NH tonight.  primary   
Join the  —&gt;  
There is good news. The fastest thing that can change with a new president is foreign policy. WATCH ;
  Cruz on prisoner swap: Obama administration was 'negotiating with terrorists' 
Join us for the   
I'll apologize to no one with how vigorous I will be winning the war on terror ; defeating radical Islamic terrorism
 Tomorrow on at 2:35 will be on! Don't miss it! 
Disgraceful. W/ a stroke of his pen, Obama becomes the world's largest financier of radical Islamic terrorism.  
We celebrate the release of Americans from Iran, but this deal with Iran sets a dangerous precedent.
  ISIS is a serious terrorist force that has declared war on us.  As president I will defeat ISIS 
  The fastest thing that can change with a new president is foreign policy.  
  Any nation that captures our soldiers should face serious repercussions.   "our enemies our laughing…
 On today -- an exclusive interview with GOP Presidential Candidate Ted Cruz  htt…
 Now on  reacts to the Americans released by Iran 
 Ted Cruz to South Carolina today: Don't. Get. Burnt. 
 Ted Cruz BEATS TRUMP in straw poll… from New York!!! 
 Tomorrow on will talk terrorism, ; 2016. Tune in at 2p ; 6p on  
 Ted Cruz Wins Prominent New York City Straw Poll AFTER Insulting “New York Values”  
 Long cheers for at SC tea party convention when he says, let me tell you if I'm president our sailors will never be on …
  "Anybody who was AWOL from the battle on the Gang of Eight has no standing now to say they will enforce the b…
 . speaking to a packed house in Myrtle Beach, SC 
  handshakes his way to the stage at the South Carolina tea party convention in Myrtle Beach 
Thank you  -- we won the 2016 Straw Poll of the Metropolitan Republican Club in New York! 
 Ted Cruz now lives rent-free in Donald Trump’s head.
 talking with volunteers before caucus training.  
  "Border security is national security." 
 Great crowd at the Frederick Co. rally for Appreciated the opportunity to speak on behalf of  
Even Donald Trump himself says  are different from the values in Iowa and across the country: 
Hopeful this long ordeal for our four Americans held hostage in Iran finally appears to be over 
 BREAKING NEWS: We have confirmed that Saeed Abedini and 3 other Americans have been released from prison in Iran. More info…
Praise God! Surely bad parts of Obama's latest deal, but prayers of thanksgiving that Pastor Saeed is coming home.  
 Sen. Ted Cruz statement on being asked to apologize to the people of New York 
  ;  goers know what NY values are... Ted Cruz lit the match of difference between him ; Trump 
 Ted Cruz's 'Apology' to NY: Sorry You Were Let Down by Liberals - NBC New York 
  apology to New Yorkers. I'm with Ted on this. 
  “Any dictator that attempts to capture U.S. soldiers will face the full force and fury of the United States of Amer…
 and demanded an apology… 
I’m happy to apologize to millions of New Yorkers... 
  great to be in  with so many     
TONIGHT: I'll be on The Kelly File at 9 pm ET and then Hannity at 10 pm ET. Tune in!
 I asked today if he'd apologize to New Yorkers. Here's what he said ; 
Thx! 
 Rick Perry praises flat tax plan and  performance  
 Love to see the grassroots heart of SC brave the rain to see with   
 Lots of applause for line threatening to "cut off federal taxpayer money" for sanctuary cities
  in Columbia with this rainy afternoon, talking Constitutional law 
 Must be in the right place for  town hall 
Thank you 
 Sunday on  -- coming off the GOP Debate -- we'll talk to Presidential Candidate 
Will be on the radio with at 5pm ET. Listen here,  
 we need your help! Sign up now to deploy to South Carolina for our strike force: 
As President, I'll defend our  right to keep and bear arms. Stand with me: 
 Frank Luntz Focus Group: Won Debate | Video :   
 The overall enthusiasm speaks to the confidence brimming among many Cruz supporters that he'll pull off the victory: 
  focus group gave Senator the win "overwhelmingly" in addition to the highlight of the night.
 Miss at last night’s  Watch highlights here:  
 Luntz asks focus group who won GOP debate — answer is "overwhelmingly" in favor of  
Phil Robertson: “Cruz is my man. I’m voting for him" Join him in supporting our campaign: 
Miss my discussion with following last night's  Watch it here: 
 I am thrilled Ted Cruz is mentioning the film 13HOURS. Go see it tomorrow night or Saturday night. It's tremendous!
Join the   
To our service members, law enforcement ; first responders, if I'm elected POTUS, I'll have your back! 
Marco Rubio explains his support for amnesty  
This debate proved once again that I am the only true conservative on the stage. 
Marco Rubio explains his support for amnesty:  
I stood with Jeff Sessions and Steve King to stop the Gang of Eight bill because border security is national security 
 My focus group says tonight's  winner is 📈He is no longer a "long shot."
We need to break the  by ending the subsidies and mandates with my Simple Flat Tax. 
Let's  with my Simple Flat Tax plan! Join us:  
When it comes to ISIS, we will not weaken them, we will not degrade them, we will utterly destroy ISIS  
We need to pass a tax plan like the Simple Flat Tax plan I’ve introduced that allows us to  
We need a Commander in Chief who is focused on keeping this country safe and defeating radical Islamic terrorism 
I understand why Americans are frustrated when we have a President who refuses to acknowledge the threat we face 
 Ted Cruz rocked...believe in himself put it all on the line -that's what America is about taking risk ; having faith 
There’s a reason Gun Owners of America is supporting my campaign. Join us:    
I have a proven record of defending the Second Amendment. As President, I'll continue to do the same   
Ted risked everything to fight DC. Now they're attacking him for it. 
 is knocking it out of the park tonight. So proud of him. 
 is fantastic in this debate!
There's no bigger threat to our security than Iran getting nuclear weapons. This dangerous deal helps them get one. 
 Google searches for are currently spiking by 150%  
 is very focused on Laurence Tribe. Let me tell you who Laurence Tribe is…  
Ted Cruz has shot up the polls. Now everyone is attacking him. Help him stay on top! 
 "The next commander in chief is on this stage." - 
 Ted cruz had a very good opening focusing on our sailors and Iranian.He is also smart to unify the entire team of candida…
 if you agree we should be fighting for the working men ; women in this country ; not Washington, DC! 
The law has been clear from our founding, the child of a U.S. citizen born abroad is a natural born citizen. 
IA farmers are frustrated with DC and deserve a champion who will stand with them. Ted Cruz will be that champion. 
Some good news: the next Commander in Chief is standing on this stage. 
We can balance security and personal privacy and end the NSA's bulk data collection of law-abiding citizens. 
Here we go at the  Join us online: 
The world's strongest nation should have the world's strongest military. Ted Cruz will rebuild our Armed Forces. 
Border security is national security. As President, Ted Cruz will secure the border and enforce our immigration laws 
To preserve our country we need to exert leadership around the world, not withdraw from it. That starts with Russia. 
To preserve our country we need to exert leadership around the world, not withdraw from it. That starts with Russia. 
Ted Cruz will defeat Islamic terrorism and make sure that those who join ISIS are signing their own death warrants. 
Ted Cruz will defeat Islamic terrorism and make sure that those who join ISIS are signing their own death warrants. 
We can balance security and personal privacy and end the NSA's bulk data collection of law-abiding citizens. 
Border security is national security. As President, Ted Cruz will secure the border and enforce our immigration laws 
Less than an hour until the  kicks off! Join us online:  
 Looking forward to hearing stand up for solid conservative values, tonight.
 thank you Cynthia
 thank you!
Thank you! 
  supporting at     
 -- tune in to tonight's  at 9 pm ET! 
Awesome!  
 is ready to be our Commander in Chief. Join us:  
 Help  in tonight’s Fox Business  at 9 pm ET: 
Just hours to go until tonight's   if you're tuning in! 
 Establishment, Media, Trump Push 3 Attacks on Ted Cruz. They're All Ridiculous. | Daily Wire  
I'm thrilled to have support in working together to restore the principles America was founded on: 
  
South Carolinians are fired up for tonight's   
The scene outside tonight's  Tune in at 9pm ET:  
 'You're one of us':  star Phil Robertson backs Ted Cruz  
Tune in to Fox Business tonight at 9 pm ET:   
 to the last  Don't miss tonight's debate at 9pm ET on Fox Business! 
  on rise of terror in US: "Stop treating this pattern as isolated actions of lone wolves. They are a pack.” 
 Help  in tonight’s Fox Business  at 9 pm ET:   
Awesome! 
 thank you for your support and prayers!
 thank you!
Thank you! 
My pre- routine? Read ; 
 if you're tuning in to tonight's  on Fox Business at 9 pm ET! 
Great  rally in Dorchester, SC, on the eve of tonight's  Join us: 
 WATCH and : Phil Robertson endorses for President:   
TONIGHT at 9 pm ET: the first  of 2016 -- tune in:  
 Long,long line of South Carolina voters waiting to meet 
 Sen. Ted Cruz at a campaign rally in Dorchester, South Carolina on the eve of tomorrow's   
 Ted Cruz rallying with several hundred supporters in Dorchester, South Carolina 
 On eve of  in Charleston, holds rally in Dorchester, South Carolina 
  speaks to supporters in  one until  in   
 LIVE on  speaks to supporters in Dorchester County, SC  
Q;A in Dorchester  
If I'm elected president, we will FINALLY secure the borders and end sanctuary cities. Join us:  
We need a Commander in Chief who says that under no circumstances will Iran ever be allowed to acquire nuclear weapons 
Wow. Thank you for the incredible welcome, to Dorchester, SC!   
 in Dorchester, SC 
 "Duck Dynasty" star endorses — watch the "Cruz Commander" announcement video:  
 'Duck Dynasty' ENDOSEMENT: 'is the man for the job and he will go duck hunting' 
 DUCK DYNASTY endorses Great ad 
 AWESOME: Phil Robertson endorses Ted Cruz like only he can in NEW VIDEO  
 EXCLUSIVE: Duck Commander Phil Robertson endorses | via |  
Join Phil Robertson in supporting our campaign. Become a Cruz Commander:  
Conservative Iowans are responding to Cruz's call:    
 I am proud to put my full faith, confidence and support behind for President of the United States. 
"I believe Ted Cruz has the necessary courage, focus ; determination to get the job done." - Join us: 
"Like Ronald Reagan did in 1980, will sweep in a new, courageous conservative movement...” - 
  on about his endorsement: "This is the breaking point election." 
  hosting for 'No BS BBQ' Tuesday, 1/19, 6:30 p., barn at Wallis Road, Rye    via
 Looking forward to joining the today during the 1 pm EST hour to discuss the campaign and the up…
Thank you! 
I am truly honored to receive endorsement!   
 WATCH: fought the United Nations... and he WON:   
I've fought for the Second Amendment... and WON! As president, I'll do the same:  
 'State of denial': slams Obama's State of the Union 
 join us in Dorchester, SC tonight: 
I fought the United Nations ; WON defending U.S. sovereignty. As President, I'll defend our Constitution! 
  “I will apologize to nobody for my commitment to kill the terrorists.” 
 Watch full interview with tonight: 
 Watch full exchange with Sen. here:  
 COMING UP:  is LIVE at 11p ET with post-SOTU reaction from and more. Don’t mis…
 So, will Barack Obama charge Donald Trump and Ted Cruz rent since it's clear they've set up residence in his head?
We need a strong conservative who can win because we don’t need 4 or 8 more years of these policies.  
 COMING UP:  is LIVE at 11p ET with post-SOTU reaction from and more. Don’t mis…
  tells that it was 'striking' that Pres. Obama didn't reference the US Navy sailors detained by Iran…
We need a president who will defeat radical Islamic terrorism. 
Tonight's speech was less a State of the Union and more a state of denial. 
 Coming up: will speak with to get his first reaction to Pres. Obama's final SOTU. 
Will give reaction to  with tonight. Tune in!
 TONIGHT: will speak with and get his first reaction to Obama's address during  cover…
 live from New Hampshire!  
Thanks to all the courageous conservatives in Londonderry, NH tonight for our  town hall!  
 join us live!    
 The crowd for tonight in Londonderry   
 Huge turnout for in Londonderry, NH tonight. People still filtering in as Fmr. Rep. Bob Barr warms 'em up. 
 Today's show opens w/ Listen online at  Also today …
Tune into my  town hall LIVE from NH to hear what President Obama won't say tonight ---;  
Live now on the Listen here:  
 Thank you, Bob Barr.   
  tosses heckler who makes it on stage at his N.H. gun event. When a second emerges, he loses his patience: 
 I hope to see you in South Carolina this Wednesday through Saturday: 
 2016 News next stop today - the studios in Concord    
Change is coming, and our freedom is coming back. Join us:    
The Second Amendment is about the God-given right to defend our lives, our families, and to keep ourselves safe.  
 Former Rep Bob Barr also in Hudson to introduce     via
  is a man who has the courage to stand up for the Constitution — even to members of his own party!  …
“If you haven’t signed up to volunteer with Ted Cruz, do it. If you haven’t donated, do it.”  
Tim Macy of We need somebody to start turning things around. Tell your friends and family to vote for  
 Gun Owners of America chair Tim Macy speaks in favor of in Hudson     via
 Tim Macy of Gun Owners of America recalls vetting -- and supporting -- during Senate race. "He didn't disappoin…
Proud to have join the   Join him: 
Actually, I don't know him. But when I was elected he said he "didn't like my face" and now he says I'm "Satanic." 
She's right. If, like Debbie, you think being a socialist is great ; the NYT is wise, then I'm not your candidate.  
 Why I'm for Ted Cruz for President   via charismamag
The Reason I'd Leave an Empty  Seat...  
 READ: gets a “booming, standing-room-only reception” in Baton Rouge, LA:   
 CR: The great establishment fear is Ted Cruz 
¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
 Had awesome time with on  IA bus tour!  building momentum for  victory! 
 Wednesday through Saturday, join us in South Carolina: 
 Congressman Sam Johnson has endorsed for President
Thank you  for helping turn Baton Rouge into  Join us:  
  great crowd in Baton Rouge     
 Rep Sam Johnson (R-TX) endorses Sen Ted Cruz (R-TX) for President.
  send blistering letter to top Obama officials for ignoring info request on "terrorists": 
 Breaking: Obama Admin Caught Stonewalling Investigation Into US-Based Terrorists. Investigates: 
  gets his seventh congressional endorsement from Texas, winning support of Rep. Sam Johnson of Richardson: 
  here I come!     
 JUST IN: Carson N.H. super-PAC loses most of its staff to Cruz: report  
 Ted Cruz: Unlike Obama, I don’t intend to be Emperor of the United states 
 Full NH staff at pro- 2016 Committee quits to volunteer for     v…
IOWANS: Commit to  today: 
 Leadership Institute Founder Endorses Ted Cruz for President 
Thank you for organizing a  canvas in Hudson, NH, yesterday! 
 Ted Cruz cementing votes in Iowa, today.  
Thank you  for joining  Together, we're going to win:   
As our campaign gains momentum left-wing journalists accuse those believing in traditional values of being "Satanic" 
We will win in 2016 by painting in bold colors, not pale pastels.   
 6 days, 28 stops. Thank YOU Iowa! Commit to  today: 
 Loving Luigi's in Olwein IA   
Great talking with following the conclusion of our  tour 
We're coalescing courageous conservatives in the countdown to caucus. Join us:  
I'm asking each and every one of you to volunteer:   
  Cruz would be an intelligent and classy First Lady.  
Iowa, this is our time! We will turn this county around -- with YOUR help:   
  does the right thing and he does what he says he is going to do  
  asks folks in New Hampton to  on February 1st:  
 is a leader. He's a guy you'll be proud to call President.  
Answering a question in Oelwein on my tax plan. Read more about it here:   
There is a bipartisan corruption of politicians in both parties. Help end it   
 This is the crowd packed into a Strawberry Point restaurant to hear speak. (Population: 1,254)  
Our next First Lady, joins us in Oelwein, IA!  
  surrounded by Iowans eager to hear what he is going to do for Iowa. 
  taking Q;A in Strawberry Point  
 We're  with 
 has joined up with ;  If we elected our First Lady, Heidi wins hands down. 
 The Back Home Cooking is packed to capacity as Iowans wait to hear from 
What a terrific gathering of courageous conservatives today in Strawberry Point!  
 SRO at Country Home Cookin' in Strawberry  Point Ted Cruz rally. Heads to Oelwein at 2 pm.   
  joins Ted on the Iowa bus tour today. "He was raised reading the Constitution at the dinner table." 
  brings along wife Heidi for the last day of his six-day, 28-county tour bus tour of Iowa.  
 Go on board the campaign bus with tomorrow morning on  for a Sunday exclusive 
As POTUS, I'll rip to shreds this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal! Join us   
So glad to have joining us for  today in Waukon! 
 Join us for the last day of the  Bus Tour: 
  
 continues! Join in Waukon, Strawberry Point, Oelwein, New Hampton or Waverly  
Details for all of today’s  stops here:   
What terrifies DC? Americans are figuring out the people we keep electing aren't telling the truth:  
 It's easy to talk about fighting Washington. That's why you must look at each candidate's record.  
If I'm elected president, we WILL secure our border ; end sanctuary cities:   
  
 A packed Mabe's Pizza basement awaits Ted Cruz here in Decorah, Iowa, where Cruz will make his final stop on the day ht…
  warming up the crowd for in Decorah!  
 This is the crowd for at Iowa bus tour stop 23 in Decorah - Mabe's Pizza 
If we stand together, we will win the Iowa caucuses, the nomination, and the White House:  
 Full house for in Cresco, Iowa.  
 We're on the road in Iowa with this Sunday on -- tune in! (Pic from pre-interview convo on Fonz) 
As POTUS I'll defend every service member's right to keep and bear arms    
 Because we gotta keep the sign visible when it snows!  
  says as president he would leave an "empty seat" at State of the Union address — here's why 
 Fox Poll shows leading in Iowa with 27%.  
 Standing room only at coffee shop in Charles City IA as discusses ethanol subsidies 
Thank you! 
 A fired up Steve King stumps for Ted Cruz in Charles City.  
 Aromas Coffee is smooth ; packed crowd is amped up for in Charles City IA!   
  standing on chair so standing room only crowd can see him at coffee shop in Charles City, Iowa. 
That includes protecting their right to keep and bear arms.  
We will rebuild our military ; honor the commitment made to every soldier, sailor, airman and Marine  
 I have done a podcast with the art historian who advises on foreign policy: 
 Cruz reiterating his opposition to Pres. Obama's executive orders on gun control and the refugee vetting process 
  invades Osage Teluwut  
  at Teluwut restaurant in Osage IA with and  
 Great crowd with in the Osage Teluwut  
We can turn this country around. We've done it before, and we'll do it again   
If I'm elected POTUS, there'll be an empty seat for the over 50 million unborn children killed since Roe  
  will interview on the campaign trail in Iowa- tune in to  for the Sunday exclusive 
  walking into Casey's in Manly, Iowa. One man told him he couldn't remember the last candidate that visited ht…
 at in Manly, IA, this afternoon! 
As President of the United States, I will repeal every word of  Join the fight:  
  referring to jihadi university recently in news: "Why isn't that building a pile of rubble right now?" *Applause…
 Ted Cruz, Mason City  
 firing up Mason City!   
Thanks for coming! 
 Congressman Steve King, IA CD  Introducing Sen Ted Cruz, Mason City 
  in Mason City: "I'll tell ya now -- every cop, fireman, or first responder in this country, I'll have your back!…
  People are tired of campaign Conservatives, they want someone with a proven record of Conservatism.
  - If you see a candidate who Washington embraces, run and hide.
If I'm elected, we won't weaken, we won't degrade-we'll utterly destroy ISIS   
Great day on the  tour yesterday. Find out how to join us today:  
A radio interview with from the  bus. Cameo by 
 if you agree we need a president who is focused on protecting the men and women of this country!
 Senator Ted Cruz's comment following a supporter fainting at his campaign rally is priceless…
We kick off day five of the  tour this morning! Join us: 
 Expect to see more of girls on the trail. On his bus, we talk family + he explains "marshmallow hugs:"  
 You were on point! I like that he didn't bash his opponents and actually answered the Q's!  htt…
 Looking forward to seeing in Mason City tomorrow!!    
 A room full of Iowans wait for last stop of the day. 
Thank you to all our friends who joined us tonight in Goldfield. Let's win this--TOGETHER!   
All across Iowa and America there is an awakening and a spirit of revival:   
I'm asking each of you to vote for me 10 times.   
Couldn't join us for  in Webster City? Watch here:   
 Busy night of phone banking for in Manchester, NH with the  
  listens to voter questions in Webster City, Iowa 
 tedcruz in Humbolt, IA. He's midway through a "Cruzin to caucus" tour - ramping up to the Iowa… 
Congrats  for earning over 10M action points! Download our campaign app today:  
 in Humboldt. Packed house if enthusiastic caucus goers. 
We'll restore the shining city on a hill that is the United States of America   
Get yours here:    
 Another packed house for this time in Humboldt, Iowa. Stop 15 of 28 this week 
 In the "Best Campaign Pins" category, this one is a frontrunner  
Thank you for urging Iowans to  in Humboldt:   
 Calls to unite by to win the White House back.  
 Wounded veteran, and supporter, Jack Zimmerman gets rousing ovation in Humbolt, Iowa, campaigning for Cruz 
Thank you, Pocahontas, for the warm welcome!   
If we unite together, we WILL win the nomination and the White House:   
 Thanks so much for talking  and Prez run on 
 Full crowd in Pocahontas even before outside crowd overflowed it   
Freedom is not an abstract concept. It is real. It is personal. Defend it:   
 These ladies are part of Camp Cruz - they've come to Iowa from Missouri to volunteer before the caucuses 
Join us for day four of   
 Excited to have wife joining us this morning at 11:45. Listen in at 
 Check out the Day 3 Video of our  Bus Tour! 
Join us:   
 ABCPolitics' and are snapping from Iowa bus tour. Follow on 
 Support Cruz Miami-Dade Chair Manny Roman!    
 “It took Jimmy Carter to give us Ronald Reagan,” told TheBlaze. 
 Go inside Iowa campaign event as he greets supporters at Godfather's Pizza 
 tune into  at 1020et for my extended Intv w   I'll be on with
  calls North Korea nuclear test a 'crystal ball'   via 
IOWANS: Join us in Pocahontas, Humboldt, Webster City, or Goldfield today:    
 Ted Cruz’s Clear Path  to the Nomination: 1/6/16: Monica Crowley.  via  
Thankful every day to have and our girls by my side -   
Help us look forward to January 2017. Commit to  today:  
  at King's Point, Storm Lake, Iowa b 
Thank you for joining us tonight to encourage Iowans to   
  joke about using pesticides on federal regulators gets another big laugh, this time in Stone Lake 
Looking for an event in your area? Find out where we will be next at  
We must protect the  rights of every law-abiding American! Visit  to read more about my proven record. 
 Exclusive: Inside 2016 campaign playbook — and why it just might work  
  
 Happy birthday - living it up w/ on  
 Packed house at Spirit Lake  Beautiful mom and daughter. Let's get this right for them. 
Thank you  for joining us in Spencer, IA, tonight!  
Let's return power back to We the People -- together. Join us:   
Interested in joining one of our campaign's coalitions - go to  and get involved today! 
Honored to have SPC ; in Spencer tonight.   

 nothing beats bacon, nothing -  
 Cool pic! MT speaking to an overflowing crowd of Iowans at in Spirit Lake ht…
 Army veteran Jack Zimmerman, who lost both his legs in Afghanistan, introduces Rep. Steve King at rally 
 As speaks in Spirit Lake, stop 11, a small onlooker peeks through a crack in the door of the overflow room 
 NEW: announces Rep. Steve King will serve as National Co-Chair. 
I'm here in Spirit Lake today asking each of you to commit to    
Thank you, Jack, for joining us in Spirit Lake this afternoon!  
Stay connected with the campaign by visiting  to download the app, crowd fund, and show your support! 
 Don't miss today! joins at 4:20p ET to talk David's Sling:  
 Continuing to try and change Iowa minds on ethanol, Ted Cruz pens an op-ed for the Des Moines Register. 
Iowa farmers deserve a champion who will stand with Iowa against the bipartisan corruption of our nation’s Capitol: 
 Meeting and greeting.  
Together, we will restore that Shining City on a Hill that is the United States of America:  
I'm in Sibley w/ a word of encouragement. Together, we will reignite the promise of America:  
Last night’s nuclear test underscores why, on my first day in office, I’ll rip to shreds this Iranian nuclear deal: 
 Senator, you forgot the third 
Couldn't join us for  in Rock Rapids, IA? Watch here:  
This campaign is all about taking power out of Washington and returning it to We The People:  
 WATCH: day two of the  tour was a huge success:  Join: 
LIVE on the radio with now. Listen here  
Follow life 'From The Trail' in real-time, courtesy of on the new  homepage!
TODAY: Rock Rapids, Sibley, Spirit Lake, Spencer, and Storm Lake. Join   
Join us for day three of the  tour:  
Join us for the  tour:  
"  is brand new! Check it out and join the  today: 
WATCH: highlights from day two of the  tour!Join us for day three: 
A phenomenal first two days to kick off our  bus tour in Iowa. Join us: 
 In a quieter moment on his campaign bus, said that the severity of U.S. gun violence is not lost on him 
Meeting and greeting after our Sioux Center rally tonight. Join us tomorrow:   
Wow. Thank you for the incredible welcome, Sioux Center! I hope you'll join us:  
We're building a grassroots movement to break the  Join us:  
We need to take power out of Washington and bring it back to the people:   
 We're seeing leaders unite behind Join them:   
My response to calling into question my natural-born citizenship?  
 Best ad that's out there!! 
On the radio with now. Listen here,   
 Blind Supporter: ‘I Can Still See Through  via 
Add our official account - cruz4president - to see life on the campaign trail in IA!  
 been in Mexico for last 6 days and just saw Ted Cruz’s ad featuring journalists crossing the border—i’ll have Cruz know i r…


Let's make 2016 a referendum on adopting a flat tax ; repealing every word of Obamacare:  
Thanks for the welcome to Cherokee, Join him committing to   
Thanks for the welcome to Cherokee!  
Taping an interview for radio show on the bus. Tune in today to catch it!  
 yes
 VIDEO: Supporter: I'm Blind But I Can Still See Through Hillary 
Awesome - Caroline and Catherine loved it! 
I’ll defend our  right to keep and bear arms:  
 Poll: Ted Cruz surges in California, catches Trump 
Thank you Onawa, IA -- on to Cherokee:   
 Great ad by --  INVASION 
Let's take power back from the  and bring it back to the people.Join us:  
Fight back against unconstitutional  executive actions!   
Arriving in Onawa!  
 takes you on a day in the life of campaign bus 
On the radio NOW with — listen here,  
Spoke about foreign policy with on the  bus yesterday -- read more here: 
 through Onawa, Cherokee, and Sioux Center today. Join us:  
  has a new TV ad up in NH, coming to state 1/12, rally Hudson, town hall Lnderry;     
Day 2 of the  tour kicks off soon. Join us in Onawa, Cherokee ; Sioux Center:  
 Another ad from is out. This one is about immigration, and will run in New Hampshire.  
As president, I will triple the Border Patrol, build a wall that works ; secure the border:  
What a terrific start to our  tour through Iowa:  Join us for day two: 
 As introduces to Iowans at Penny's Diner, Cruz starts pouring the coffee 
 It's 1115pm CT at night and is still shaking hands and taking pictures with supporters 
As president, I'll defend our  right to keep and bear arms. Join us:   
If you think Washington is fundamentally broken, and we need to return power to the people, join us:  
 Ted Cruz kicks off marathon bus tour in Iowa, where he will visit 28 counties in 6 days - 
  “The Washington cartel is panicking because conservatives are uniting."  
Be sure to follow our  Iowa Bus Tour on by adding - cruz4president! 
In Winterset, Iowa, tonight we learned that Iowa and Texas have quite a few things in common 
To win in 2016 we have to awaken and energize the body of Christ:  
 With as president, this county will get the leader it needs  
 "Hang 'em high": does his best Clint Eastwood impression at Iowa rally:
 "Politicians behave a certain way when they're panicking," - re: attacks. Exclusive intvw / htt…
 Here early for the rally in Winterset.  
  rally-Guthrie Center, Iowa. Here with sister, Kathy ; brother-in-law Larry Von Tersch. Ted Cruz-background. 
If you came to our  tour through SEC primary states, you may find yourself on our  bus! 
I'm asking you each to vote 10 times--by bringing 9 ppl to caucus w/ you:   
 We get this right in Iowa, we make a powerful recommendation to the country:  
Speaking with now from Guthrie Center, IA. Don't miss what we said tonight on Hannity!  
Listen here:  
 A new gold standard is a very good idea: 
 It's officially 2016! We're behind-the-scenes today with as he begins his Iowa bus tour.  
On to Guthrie Center!   
In Carroll rallying courageous conservatives to recruit their friends to   
If I am elected President, we'll go to Congress and repeal every word of Obamacare. Join us:  
Enjoyed talking about our ground game in Iowa with Joyce of  today  
As President, I will defend our  right to keep and bear arms.Join us:   
Sitting down with on the  bus en route to Carroll, IA. 
Iowa, I'm asking you right now to stand up and caucus with me:   
A terrific crowd kicking off our  tour in Boone, IA. Sign up to join us:  
  starting the  Bus Tour    
TODAY: Boone, Carroll, Guthrie Center, Winterset, and Missouri Valley:   
It's time for Republicans to stand by our principles -- it's how we win. And it's how I'll lead.
 Join Ted in Iowa for the Cruzin 2 Caucus bus tour... Sign up to attend an event at  
 Inside the Beltway: Ted Cruz wants his supporters to take a shot at winning a raffle prize:  
 I enjoyed taking a break from the campaign trail to visit with Ted Cruz in Center earlier today!Last time he... 
 NRA VP Wayne LaPierre observed, Texan  is one of our nation’s leading defenders of the 2nd Amendment. 
  raffling off engraved shotgun ahead of expected action on gun control -   …
We're on the ballot in Illinois! 
In Center, Texas, today with a word of hope and optimism because all across this country, people are waking up! 
 "Ted Cruz is now seen in some GOP circles as a conservative, non-disastrous alternative to Donald Trump."
Special thanks to the Shelby County Cookers for joining us this afternoon in Center, Texas! 
 Cruz raffling off engraved shotgun ahead of Obama's expected action on gun control  
 Hey  don't miss the  Tour    
 You can win this specially engraved shotgun -- enter today:  
TOMORROW: we kick off the  Bus Tour. Join us:  
 Go !Ted Cruz’s Fundraising Jumps in 4th Quarter 
 Tonight my Pastor talked about how he got to meet with and we will be voting for him and I pray that he will be el…
 Senator talkin'  on on LISTEN: 
 Help fund Ted's trip through Iowa! Donate to the Cruz campaign here!    
Monday - Saturday: Join the  Bus Tour:   
Awesome! Way to go  
 Ted Cruz: "Han Solo shot first"  
Don’t miss our  Bus Tour:  
  leads in Iowa poll average with 31%. 
I'm proud to have fought for our  right to keep and bear arms... and won! Join us: 
 Join Ted Cruz in Iowa! | Cruz for President 
Hope to see you Monday through Saturday on the  Tour! RSVP here,   
 Make the right choice support -   
 I support Ted Cruz for President. This is an invite to learn more about him by downloading his official app: 
 Cruz raves about Star Wars 
A fun, non-political discussion to start 2016:  (my interview begins just after 12 mins in) 
Who wins the Rose Bowl?
Obama Admin may not give a timeline for imposing these sanctions on Iran, but I will. The first day of my presidency 
Happy New Year  Thank you for your support and helping us finish 2015 strong! 
 "2016 is going to be an incredible year." shares his thoughts on the upcoming year. 
Wishing you and your family all the best in 2016  
Hope you'll tune in! I'll join and for a special NYE message! 
 can we count on your support before midnight? 
In a Cruz Administration, this ends on day one! 
US labor force participation rate is at a 40 year low, but Pres. Obama’s executive overreach still knows no bounds: 
IOWANS: I hope to see you at the  Bus Tour! RSVP to join us here:  
 New Year's Resolution: Rally around Ted Cruz and make him the next president of the United States 
 Manny Roman on Why He's Supporting Ted Cruz  
 Join me in Iowa for the  Enter for your chance to win today:  
Join the movement:    
 you can still join us before midnight tonight:  
 I support Ted Cruz for President. This is an invite to learn more about him by downloading his official app: 
 thank you so much!
  raises $20 million in last 3 months, cementing status as true contender 
   Senator tours damage, relief efforts after   
 thank you for spreading the word!
 Check out at  in Cedar Rapids:  
  hauls in ~ $20M in fourth quarter; campaign has raised more than $45M thus far:  
 . raises nearly $20 million in Q4, up from $12.2Million in Q3.  Big haul by Cruz. 
 Ted Cruz is on fundraising fire, pulling in $20 million in 4th quarter  via 
 Ted Cruz donors not just from Texas: Money comes from 66% of zipcodes in the U.S., according to Jeff Roe memo.   
 Ted Cruz's fourth quarter fundraising jumped to nearly $20 million as his poll numbers increased. 
Manny Roman on why he’s supporting our campaign: “This is also about integrity and trust.” 
  Senator tours devastation after   What the mayor ; storm victims said 4pm 
Join me for the  Enter NOW for your chance to win:    
 My thoughts on why the  is so out of touch on and his rise in the polls. 
  on The American people — they like him!   
 Some Texas Chick-Fil-A  restaurants opened last Sunday to feed first responders.  |  - 
 Nicely done 
Border security IS national security. That's why I fought to stop the Gang of 8 amnesty bill 
Don't wait— enter NOW to win this custom engraved  shotgun:   
 howdy — good morning!
 At 10, exclusive with on conservative voters, negative headlines, and Super Tuesday 
 Listened last night to Ted Cruz.  Frankly, the finest presentation I ever heard from a candidate.  Great prayer meeting a…
I’m grateful for many years of service to our nation and to the state of New York: 
Congressman  is ready to be our Commander in Chief." Join us: 
Congressman is supporting our campaign -- join him:   
 We enjoyed hearing yesterday. He articulated a clear constitutional case for religious liberty. 
 Ted Cruz scores another influential endorsement in Iowa  
 thank you!
 New Ad Puts Focus on Religious Liberty   
As we get closer to the  I am incredibly encouraged by the growth of conservative support we’re seeing! 
 Don't miss your chance to join me for the  Enter today:  
  defending the cross, the Ten Commandments,  and the Pledge of Allegiance… and winning. WATCH: 
Time is running out to win this  shotgun! Don't wait -- enter TODAY:  
I've fought to defend the Second Amendment... and won. As president, I'll continue to do so. Join us:  
 Congressman is ready to be our Commander in ChiefJoin us: 
 We are now providing relief after the devastating storms in TX. Read our latest post to see how you can help! 
Some ways you can help the victims of the recent outbreak of severe weather in Texas: 
 Glad to see someone's doin this! 
 ICYMI: I officially endorsed for the  and joined the   
 Ted Cruz ad touts: He "defended the cross — and won"  
 Iran cannot be trusted! RETWEET if you agree Congress should reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act 
I want YOU to join me in Iowa for the  Enter for your chance to win today:  
 New Ted Cruz TV ad, silent but for music, tells Iowans he defended the cross, the 10 Commandments, the 2nd Amendment h…
Defending the cross, the Ten Commandments, the Second Amendment, and the Pledge of Allegiance... and winning. WATCH:
 Bozell: It’s Time To Rally Around Ted Cruz 
Want to help reignite the promise of America? Sign up to volunteer with the campaign here:  
  Thank you for standing up for our freedoms and Constitution. You have my vote!! 
 Our founder and editor, endorses for President   
Enter NOW for your chance to win this  shotgun:  
Fighting for you... and winning! WATCH ;
  leads in Iowa with 30.3%, in 2nd with 26.9%, and in 3rd with 11.9%. 
Tragic news out of Texas. Please join me in keeping those impacted by this severe weather in your thoughts ; prayers 
Fighting for the Ten Commandments, the Second Amendment, and the Pledge of Allegiance... and winning. WATCH: 
 TEXAS: As storms cross our state please heed warnings of local officials ; stay safe. 
Texans: please stay safe and heed warnings throughout the night! 
 Brent Bozell: It is time for conservatives to rally around Ted Cruz. 
5,550 miles travelled. 16,931 courageous conservatives. Thank you  
"Ted Cruz has demonstrated time and time again that he is not afraid to take on the Washington Establishment." 
Pure joy: the girls sledding on Christmas Day. 
Caroline and Catherine, two little snow Angels, wishing everyone a Merry Christmas! 
From our family to yours. 
Merry Christmas! 
 Ted Cruz retweets Texas Trib writer Rting Cruz Rting James Woods mocking Guardian columnist at 11 PM on Xmas Eve 
 Ted Cruz retweeting James Woods mocking a Guardian writer at 11 p.m. on Christmas Eve 
Wishing you and your family a very merry Christmas:  
As we gather for Christmas, please say a prayer of thanksgiving for those who serve across the globe to keep us free 
 The Washington Post wrote a cartoon showing his kids as monkeys. Now has a reply  
 some pre-Christmas Eve fun:  for Blue Christmas Like for Hillary Claus ; her lap dogs! 
And now for a little Christmas cheer: 
  "Not much ticks me off. But making fun of my girls, that'll do it."  
Thank you and thank you  for a terrific conclusion to our  Christmas Tour! 
I hope you’ll join me in keeping in your prayers as she recovers from surgery.
 Spent my afternoon reigniting the promise of America with 
Seems like a better idea for a cartoon: Hillary and her lapdogs. 
 on how hard it is to be the daughter of a political candidate ; how over-the-line was
 See Ted Cruz in Star Wars video as Jedi warrior: The Constitution Strikes Back,The Cruzade 
Thank you! 
 Standing ovation when promised to repeal every word of Obamacare. 
Watch our  Christmas Tour stop in Tulsa, OK, with LIVE here: 
Today is the last day of the  Christmas Tour! Find out how to join us here: 
Tune in  
5,150 miles travelled, 13,874 courageous conservatives, ; two more stops to go!   
 anyone excited to see He'll be in Tulsa today! We're live on with the details! 
 Ted Cruz touts support for arming service members in Tennessee 
Thank you, Appreciate the kind support. We're both Dads of young kids, and it's hard enough on them.  
Thank you  for making Little Rock, AR,  
 Another amazing turnout for  Christmas Tour Little Rock, Arkansas  
  to "Stick w/ attacking me--Caroline ; Catherine are out of your league." 
 Good for him! Ted Cruz shames WaPo cartoonist for cruel attack on his daughters 
 newStream©: Ted Cruz to Washington Post: LEAVE MY GIRLS ALONE! 
Classy. makes fun of my girls. Stick w/ attacking me--Caroline ; Catherine are out of your league.  
I want to thank him for his service to our nation and wish him the best moving forward: 
 brought a wealth of experience and knowledge to the presidential race: 
It’s not too late to RSVP for the birthday party/rally in Little Rock tonight:  
As president, I'll defend the  rights of Americans:  
You don’t reduce violent crime by taking away the right of law-abiding citizens to defend themselves:  
 Thanks so much!
Thanks for your friendship, Michelle! 
Thank you, Glenn! 
We’re LIVE in Nashville, TN, for the  Christmas tour. Watch here: 
 RedState LIVE Coverage of Ted Cruz Nashville Campaign Event: 
Thank you, Governor! 
 ANNOUNCEMENT – RedState Will Cover the Ted Cruz Event today Live at 2:30pm ET: 
 "The role of Tennessee is to make sure the next republican nominee and president of the U.S. Is a real true conservative"…
Thank you, Heidi! 
 Thanks so much, Steve!
 Thank you and thanks for your friendship, Erick!
 if you're fed up with politicians who say one thing but do another:  
 Just arriving at Farragut High School where Ted Cruz is set to arrive in 1 hour. Huge line outside! 
Thank you, Tammy! 
 Cruz Talks to Steyn  
Thank you, 
  will stop at Farragut High School on Tuesday. The event is free. HOW TO REGISTER:  
  “We’re fed up with politicians who say one thing and do another, who can’t be counted on.”  
  “People are looking for a leader who will do what he says ; tell the truth ; will stand w/ the American people.” 
  “What I’ve tried to do is every day honor the promise that I made to the men and women who elected me.” 
  “The most important question for Americans has become, ‘Who’s prepared to be commander-in-chief?’” 
 Congratulations on your successful vertical landing of the first stage back on Earth!  
 Tonight Mark guest hosts for on at 10pm ET/ 7pm PT  guest: 
 Texas senator parodies himself in latest 'SNL'-like Christmas ad  
4,350 miles travelled, 9,156 courageous conservatives, and counting! Join us:   
 New poll shows leading in Iowa  
 Watch here: runs the year's funniest campaign video during 'SNL'  
 Interesting: more than 30 other lawmakers demand terror-backing PLO's D.C.-office be shut down 
We’d love for you to join us:    
 ICYMI: The facts on Rubio, Cruz, and immigration:  “Rubio still supports a path to citizenship… Cru…
 It was great meeting you yesterday! My younger sister Sarah (in the pic) was so excited that she met you! 
 ICYMI: new ad is gold 
  was on my side, fought this legislation all the way through."  
  ran this holiday-themed campaign ad in Iowa during Saturday Night Live this weekend: 
  8-state barnstorm started in Alabama — and was there:  
There are still two days left of the  Christmas Tour -- we hope you'll join us: 
If you want the next president to be a strong conservative, join us:    
 You never know who you'll bump into on 🇺🇸 
 Christmas parody ad from goes viral  via 
 CBS poll shows Ted Cruz hitting 40% in Iowa:  by
 Ted Cruz praises (and nearly spoils) new ‘Star Wars’ 
 Ted Cruz with supporters in Trussville, Alabama 
 Watch live on Ted Cruz campaign rally in Alabama - 
 Great opportunity to meet with at the Alabama campaign stop!  
 LIVE STREAMING: Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz visits Trussville  
Great to meet you too! 
 Join KWTP tomorrow night with Ted's Texas Iowa Strike Force Director,  at  
Watch live here:    
 Watch Ted Cruz LIVE in Birmingham AL! 
 2nd Camp Cruz building in Iowa will have similar capacity as 1st one, will be open for last 2 weeks before caucuses: htt…
Thank you  Join us:  
 on Gang of Eight amnesty: "Ted Cruz was on my side and fought this legislation all the way through" 
 Sessions: Cruz was with me every step of the way 
Obamacare's problems aren't a "glitch". Obamacare's problem is it is a failure. We need a   
 In pre-debate, Ana Navarro says Cruz and Rubio have same position on immigration. Sen. Sessions doesn't think so: 
4,100 miles travelled, 7,642 courageous conservatives, and counting! Join us:   
A little levity before tonight's  
 Ted Cruz hits Alabama with an assist from Jeff Sessions: 
Tonight during -- a few Christmas classics: 
Congrats Lori who won our signed Christmas sweater contest - get yours before they sell out!  
  is streaming campaign rally LIVE:  
Thank you, Congressman! 
TONIGHT: Christmas classics like "How Obamacare Stole Christmas" and "Auditing St. Nick" tonight during 
 This has to be the best political ad of the cycle. Proud to support Senator Cruz!... 
 Video: Cruz invades SNL with “Cruz Christmas Classics” 
 Ted Cruz just released the most INCREDIBLE CHRISTMAS political ad EVERRRR!!! 
Our  Christmas Tour is off a great start—and you can still join us: 
 Sen. shares Christmas classics like 'The Grinch Who Lost Her Emails' ; 'How Obamacare Stole Christmas' 
 Check out the parody Christmas ad set to air during  in Iowa.  
SNEEK PEAK: Christmas classics "How Obamacare Stole Christmas” and "Auditing St. Nick” during tonight in IA: 
 Ted Cruz with supporters in Bloomingdale, GA. This is his third visit to Bloomingdale. 
  campaign has a parody commercial for "Cruz Christmas Classics," including "How Obamacare Stole Christmas": htt…
 Watch the Christmas parody infomercial the campaign will air tonight during "SNL"  
 Coming to the Daphne Civic Center today is Republican Presidential hopeful Doors open at 1pm. No bags, purses…
 Watch the Campy Christmas Infomercial Ted Cruz Is About To Play During SNL 
 You Need To Watch The Christmas Parody Infomercial Is About To Play During SNL  
 NEW: does SNL-style Christmas skit to air during SNL. Come for the Cruz family time, stay for the weird. 
If you're looking for a president who will do what he said he would do, I'm asking for your support! 
  We need a president who has a first priority of protecting this country ; keeping America safe -OTR 
Going On the Record with in just a few minutes. Tune in to 
 Today I endorsed conservative leader Ted Cruz for President   
Join us:  
Ken is smart, Ken is principled, and Ken fearless. Join him in supporting our campaign:  
I am thrilled to earn​'s support for President:   
 Republicans in Congress Are Surrendering to Obama, by 
  Campaign Rally in Mechanicsville, Virginia – LIVE at 2:30pm ET on C-SPAN3  
 Amazing exchange here between ; John Wayne 
Thank you! 
 A Ted Cruz supporter made this epic Star Wars themed video 
 Cruz confident he can win Minnesota precinct caucuses. Link to rally recap --  
Will be live on the radio with around 9:40 am ET. Listen here,  
A moment of simple clarity and a challenge to the other Republican candidates:  
Find out when and where to join us here:  
 Hope to see you in Richmond, VA tomorrow. Please note the updated time of 3pm for tomorrow's rally: 
Thanks to for having me back on the podcast to talk  ; more. Give our discussion a listen 
Securing our borders ; stopping illegal immigration are matters of national security: 
Securing our borders ; stopping illegal immigration are matters of national security: 
 WATCH LIVE: Sen. Ted Cruz campaigning in St. Paul.  
  speaks with gathered media before the rally. 
 🎶 "Rockin' around the Christmas tree..." 🎶  = current soundtrack at "Take Off w/ Country Christmas Tour." 
 A packed Harriet Island pavilion waiting for GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz to arrive. 
RSVP to join us:  
 Jeff Sessions: Ted Cruz stood with ME against Gang of 8 bill 
I was proud to fight shoulder to shoulder with to defeat the Gang of Eight amnesty bill: 
 Don't miss Congressman speaking with on  at 5pm ET!
 Focus on the Family founder James Dobson endorses 
 We urge conservatives and people of faith to join us in supporting 
 Presidential candidate is in town today for his Cruz Country Christmas Tour. Watch CH13 later for details. 
 SPECIAL NOW LIVE: w/ AM 1650 Norfolk, AM 820 Richmond, AM 1050 Lynchburg Online: 
Live on the radio with now — tune in,  
 We're all in for Cruz, get busy people, spread the good news of Cruz!!     
 I'll be live-tweeting tonight's action in St. Paul starting at 6 p.m. Catch the livestream here: 
 Sen. Ted Cruz will speak at the Harriet Island Pavilion Thursday night. | 
Join us today at 5pm:  
Border security is national security! We need a POTUS who'll follow the law, secure our border, and protect America!
 Have a question for ?Let us know what it is! Special Edition of the JFRS w/ today @ 12pm! Tune in 
Who does​ like for President? Watch!
The Boston Tea Party was 242 yrs ago. Why are we still fighting unfair taxes?   
Jack Welch​: "The thing I clearly like about Ted Cruz is he says what he’s going to do, and he does it."
  "Americans are looking for a strong Commander-in-chief...we realize this is a nation at war." 
 ICYMI: Rush Limbaugh: "I thought Ted Cruz was outstanding last night” in the  
Border security is national security. If I am elected president, we will secure the border!
 Don't miss tonight on  6pmET on
 My focus group picked and as winners of last night's 
 Join us in Las Vegas ( and St. Paul ( tomorrow! 
America can win again, and with your help, we will win again. Join us:  
 "Believable. Truthful. President." Frank Luntz’s focus group in response to​’s  performance: 
  on with    
Join the  and help reignite the promise of America! 
We’ve done it before, and we can do it again. With your help, we will reignite the promise of America. 
America can win again, and we will win again. Our strategy is simple, we win, they lose. 
We need a Commander in Chief who will do everything possible to keep our children safe. 
The most important decision for voters to make is who has the experience, vision, and judgment to be Commander in Chief. 
 if you agree border security is national security!  
If I am elected president, we will enforce the law and secure the border! 
In the Senate, I led the fight against amnesty bill. 
If I’m elected president, we will enforce the law and secure the border!  
Recently, there was a time for choosing where there was a battle over amnesty with the Gang of Eight  
  scored big with his plan to fight ISIS. Hit the 90s in my focus group. 📈  
Congressman is ready to be our Commander in Chief 
If we topple Assad, ISIS will take over Syria and worsen US national security interests. 
I believe in America first foreign policy. 
If I am elected president, we will utterly destroy the terrorists 
We need a president who is focused on defeating every single ISIS terrorist and protecting the homeland 
 “Political correctness is killing people,” says 
Let’s be absolutely clear. ISIS and radical Islamic terrorists will face no more determined foe than I will be as president. 
We must use overwhelming air power to utterly destroy ISIS 
Congressman will rebuild our military and take the fight to the radical Islamic terrorists
We need to focus on the problem and defeat radical Islamic terrorism. 
The USA FREEDOM Act gives us greater ability to focus on the bad guys and stop acts of terrorism. 
I’m very proud to have joined with conservatives in the Senate and the House to reform how we target bad guys. 
  It's not a war on a faith, it's a war on a political theocratic ideology that seeks to murder us. 
I introduced legislation to suspend all refugees for 3 years from countries where ISIS or Al Qaeda control substantial territory 
  had the strongest opening in my focus group.His tough talk on national security is exactly what voters want to …
If I’m elected president, we will keep America safe. 
We need a president who understands border security is national security.  
We need a president who understands the first obligation of the Commander in Chief is to keep Americans safe. 
Join the   
Here we go! Tune in to CNN NOW for the   
 GOP debate main event, next. I'll join post-debate with analysis.
  Cheer on and help put tonight's  on    + tune in at 8:30pm…
 -- hope you're planning to tune in to the  
 Baby it's cold outside - here in Des Moines! But inside the Cruz campaign HQ it's heating up. The response from... 
 thank you!
Good luck and thanks for joining us! 
 Tune in to CNN for the  tonight at 8:30 pm ET!  
 I'm voting for because I spent half my life in the Air Force and I know what a commander in chief needs to be. He is…
Congressman When it comes to national security, I think has the edge 
Thank you! 
Thank you, John! 
  Cheer on and help put tonight's  on    + tune in at 8:3…
Congressman previewed tonight’s CNN  Tune in at 8:30 pm ET: 
Tonight's  is going to be  order your  t-shirt today:  
 catch Congressman LIVE on in just a few moments! 
 thank you for your support and prayers!
 if you're tuning in to tonight's  
Before tonight's  head to  ; order your campaign jersey:  
Download the app at  
 Sen. pauses to shake some hands 
WATCH:​ previews tonight's  Tune in tonight at 8:30 pm ET: 
 Here's why Rep. is very confident has what it takes to be president:  
 thank you!
👍 Good choice — thank you! 
Thank you — keep spreading the word! 
Live now on CNN: 
Border security is national security. Join us if you want a President who will FINALLY secure the border! 
 tune in to CNN at 2:30 pm ET to catch talking about the latest from our campaign!
  vouches for  
 8:30 pm ET -- tune in to the  
Thank you Larry! 
 ICYMI, here’s my op-ed from the USA Today: Ted Cruz, true conservative. 
 awesome!
 tune in to tonight's  
Thank you! 
The Force… it’s calling to you. Just let it in and tune in to tonight’s  at 8:30 pm ET: 
Join in supporting our campaign:  
Getting ready for the debate tomorrow.  Needed some inspiration:      
 Moments away from joining w/ to discuss Trump ; -- please tune in
 "We learned very very early on that we were a great team." Meet wife  
 From  today -  on surge in    
  I Endorse for President. What Are We Conservatives Waiting For?    
 is unafraid to name our enemy -- radical Islamic terrorism -- ; will defeat it. 
 Presidential candidate, to visit our local area this weekend  
 Tonight's show: Full analysis on Trump vs. Cruz as the final two standing in the first in the nation Iowa Caucuses.
 Ted Cruz campaign launches Star Wars contest for app users  
Congressman joined CNN earlier today to talk about why he's supporting our campaign. WATCH ;
Help us "shake up the establishment." Join the    
Plus a few others! 
 Ted Cruz is surging in the Republican presidential race. A Fox News poll released Sunday shows Senator Ted Cruz... 
 Chuck Todd, Star Wars ; Ted Cruz. 
 Ted Cruz's surge in Iowa has Donald Trump playing defense:  
  analysis: :The First Teavangelical President?  
 Five Reasons Why the Ted Cruz Surge is for Realby: 
 Ted Cruz isn't just surging — he's winning 
"I’ve been calling for a full spectrum, constitutional conservative. One who checks all the boxes" -
Download the  app for your chance to win opening weekend Star Wars tickets ---;  
 How did rise so quickly in the Iowa polls? weighs in on  
 - I stand with my friend ; hope you will too!  
Keep spreading the word and help make it happen! 
 Willing to bet  army embraces this just as much as the senator has. Next hashtag:  
 ICYMI: is endorsed by Iowa evangelical leader Bob Vander Plaats  via 
 Ted Cruz, child of the 80s 
In honor of my friend and good-hearted  everywhere:  
 Moving picture of Rafael Cruz, Ted's dad, praying for his Christian brother Mike Huckabee. 
Scenes from the  live Nativity and caroling at the Michigan State Capitol! 
Iowans: sign up to caucus for our campaign:     
 WATCH: What Ted Cruz Just Did for this Young Man is AWESOME!  # via deneenborelli  
 Seven weeks ahead of the caucuses, is crushing it in Iowa.   
  leads national GOP horserace, surges into second place  
 More from our poll: nominee preference among likely Iowa caucus-goers.  leads with 32%  
 John Podesta: Ted Cruz is likely GOP nominee  Do you agree?
 Cruz camp says via "these numbers are a testament to the ongoing hard work that our volunteers and Ted Cruz …
  is not only dominating horse race in new Iowa Poll but has best-in-field fav/unfav.  Don't tell McCain!! 
Thank you  Help us build the momentum:  
 Greg Abbott works with on bill to keep possible ISIS terrorists out    
Border security is national security. That's one reason why I fought so hard to stop the Gang of Eight amnesty bill.
Cher, thanks for the kind sentiments. And I wish you a Merry Christmas and a blessed New Year.  
 has a titanium spine. He is a bold and courageous leader.” -​  
 "Mr. Cruz is a lawyer and a foreign-policy neophyte." The Times would never support someone like that. 
  on support of Cruz: I believe is the leader that we need at these uncertain times ... 
Mark your calendars for the  Christmas Tour — RSVP details coming soon!  to spread the word! 
 Bob Vander Plaats, called the "evangelical kingmaker," explains why he endorsed  
 Ted Cruz Remarks on National Security 
 Tune in to CNN to catch LIVE on at 7pm ET!
 Good: ; introduced H-1B reform bill yesterday==&gt; 
Miss on Fox and Friends yesterday? Watch the video here!
 Help us win -- contribute now on  and help push us to victory!  
Running for POTUS, you get to meet a lot of great people over lunch, but nothing compares with lunch with Caroline. 
 spoke with Laura Ingraham today about why he’s supporting our campaign. Listen here:  
The Establishment's only hope: Trump ; me in a cage match. Sorry to disappoint -- is terrific. 
LIVE NOW: is speaking with about why he’s supporting our campaign. Listen:  
 ICYMI outlined America's national security priorities in a speech yesterday. 
If I am elected president, I will keep this country safe.Join us: 
 Congratulations on endorsement of Bob Vander Plaats ; Family Leaders. Conservatives can now coalesce 4 Cruz 
 Breitbart News Daily -- a DHS whistleblower, and much more on 125: 
  "The American people are looking with greater seriousness ; gravity at a Commander-in-Chief."  
 TONIGHT on  Don’t miss and more. Tune in at 9p ET.
 With the endorsement of Bob Vander Plaats, Ted Cruz scores Iowa triefcta  
 Catch on the tonight at 9 pm ET:  
 won the Iowa Trifecta of Endorsement to a Landslide Vict…
Miss on Mornings with Maria this morning on Fox Business? Watch and  the video!
  earns endorsement of influential conservative leader  
 EXCLUSIVE: Ted Cruz tells me: "Han shot first."
 is live NOW with Listen here:  
  on why he endorsed "People see him as a serious leader" 
5:30 pm ET: listen LIVE as tells why he's endorsed our campaign with on 
 picked up my piece for sweeps Iowa endorsements.   
Tune in! is discussing his endorsement of our campaign NOW with on  
  Tune in to catch LIVE with on MSNBC at 4:15 pm ET!
Don’t miss it,   
 Coming up at 4PM ET: joins Neil to discuss his endorsement of 
 Cruz wins coveted endorsement   via
 ICYMI: entire national security address earlier today can be found here: 
Honored to earn the endorsement of Don't miss him today with at 4pm ET on
  podcast is now available Beck Blitz: Ted Cruz vs. NPR 
 Another big endorsement for  The Family Leader, endorsed Sen. Ted Cruz -CEO Bob Vander Plaats holds sway w/ IA evan…
  Heidi Cruz talks life on the campaign trail 
"We will be uniting, and we will be going all in for Sen. Ted Cruz." -   
 Vander Plaats on "We will be going all in for Senator Ted Cruz...We believe that he is exceptionally competent."
 BREAKING: receives major endorsement from has swept major IA endorsements
 "I am confident that Ted Cruz is the right man for the job"    
Please join President ; CEO in supporting our campaign:  
 This headline will make some people (on both sides) lose their minds.
We must have the courage to speak with moral clarity -- to call evil by its name. Watch my speech from 
We must use the bully pulpit of the presidency to invite others to unite against evil forces who seek to tear down freedom across the world.
We must unapologetically defend America’s interests around the globe.
We must defend Americans here in our own country.
We must stand unapologetically for freedom.
We should focus on the immediate and unambiguous challenge to our security, which is utterly destroying ISIS 
In the absence of a viable alternative to Assad that isn't ISIS... 
I think we should listen to our closest ally in the region,
For as bad as Assad was and is, radical jihadis controlling Syria would not be an improvement.
But by the time I came to Congress in 2013, it was clear far darker forces were at work.
There's no doubt al-Assad, like his father was before him, is a bad guy who has been an ally to Iran and an enemy to the US ; Israel.
The intervention in Libya was, in a word, a disaster.
Today, Libya is a failed state controlled by warring terrorist networks that pose a significant threat.
We need a president who will stand up and unequivocally defend the national security interests of this country.
They came home because now a President Reagan was in the White House and the Ayatollah knew he would defend America 
They came home not because President Carter had allowed the Islamic revolution to triumph unopposed 
It is not an accident that the American hostages in Iran were released on January 20, 1981.
And this principle should always guide our actions. 
As Reagan knew well, the best way to project America’s leadership is by protecting and promoting America’s strength.
Our third goal must be to restore America’s leadership in the world.
And it is preventing Americans from taking basic steps to protect themselves.
Loretta Lynch’s ban on what she calls anti-Muslim rhetoric is already producing its chilling effect.
In addition to protecting Americans at home, the strategy to defeat the enemy starts by calling it by it’s name: "radical Islamic terrorism"
Rather than stripping ordinary citizens of their constitutional liberties, we should have a clear strategy to utterly defeat ISIS.
The Bill of Rights is entirely compatible with protecting the safety and security of the American people.
There are some on the Right and Left who want to exploit our current crisis by calling on Americans to surrender constitutional liberties.
A safe America starts with a secure America. It is beyond time to secure our border.
What America needs is a firm resolve to always protect Americans’ freedom at home and moral clarity that starts with defining the enemy.
Whether Fort Hood, San Bernardino, or a number of others in between, President Obama’s approach has been to treat each one in isolation.
 On heels of foreign policy-heavy intvw w/ reiterates natsec stance: invoking Reagan rn at Heritage htt…
Our enemy today is radical Islamic terrorism, and it can and WILL be defeated.
Today we are facing challenging times at home and abroad. What America needs today is a moment of clarity.
  delivers remarks on American national security priorities 
 watch live NOW: 
  speaks at – LIVE at 10am ET online here:  
Today at 10 am ET: watch my speech LIVE from focusing on national security and foreign policy: 
 Time to get rid of government radio 
 hope you'll in to NOW to catch live!
 "It was love at first sight..." on meeting
Catch live on next!
 Coming up... our extended interview with  
 Ted Cruz adds two more endorsements from social conservatives.  via 
Was great to meet Jerusalem Mayor 
 Check out at our  in Cedar Rapids, Iowa:  
 Ted Cruz nabs two more endorsements from social conservatives 
  ‘No surprise Iran violating the deal’  via 
 A new endorsement for calls him "the best presidential candidate since Ronald Reagan." 
  push for law allowing governors to opt out of refugee resettlement  
Let’s break the  and bring back morning in America: 
 Cruz Tops New Kristol Clear Straw Poll  
 Fired up to support a God fearing conservative in I will give my all as Faith Director in SC!  
 Joining us TOMORROW...  
 Video: rocks Senate climate hearing... fraud on an 'industrial scale.'  
 
 Cruz has "a record of standing for Israel on more fronts ; with more force than any other senator in modern history" 
 Ted Cruz ascending in polls, well-positioned in Iowa 
 Marco Rubio Misleads on U.S. Spying to Jab Ted Cruz  
  announces 100 county chairs in    
 I applaud and his proposed refugee legislation. 
 live NOW on the Listen here: 
 Check out this license plate! 
 Excited to join  ; announce my endorsement for for President of USA!  
 if you agree that you don’t stop the bad guys by taking away our guns, you stop the bad guys by using our guns: 
 AG weighs in on bill on    
 Our story from this morning — In Washington, and team up to push new curbs on Syrian refugees: 
  and team up to push new curbs on    via
 ICYMI: Watch ; announce State Refugee Security Act. More from DC bureau on @ 7 
 It was named the Rising Tide Summit, but judging from crowd response, we can just call it "Cruz-a-palooza" 
The American people are looking for a Commander in Chief who will keep us safe. 
  Would you support Sen. Ted Cruz's call to 'utterly destroy' ISIS and 'carpet bomb them into oblivion'? 
 Tonight at 6:30/10pm, has the first one-on-one interview with Heidi Cruz, wife of Sen. 
 National Coalition of Rabbis Endorse Ted Cruz for President 
 Spent yesterday w/ the fam supporting in the Smyrna, TN Christmas Parade. His SEC Primary support is scary. 
Made some calls from our new Greenville, SC  HQ this afternoon! Thanks to everyone who joined us! 
  has fought to make this nation secure, while protecting our constitutional rights” - 
Thank you, Konni! 
  works phones in SC; telling one caller he's just ten days older than his mom; thanks him for his prayers. 
 Great crowd of supporters in Blue Springs, MO! 
 Senator talking to a voter at our Greenville HQ.   
 I'm with you, sir! :) FTW  
If I’m elected to serve as Commander in Chief, we won’t cower in the face of evil. America will lead!
 New poll shows Ted Cruz leading the Republican presidential field in Iowa.  
 on fire.   "Poll: Cruz surges ahead of Trump and Carson in Iowa" 
 Monmouth poll seems to solidify Cruz IA surge: leads w/24% there. Then Trump (19%), Rubio (17%), Carson (13%). No one el…
 Why Choose Cruz?  via
READ: has the “gravitas" to Win the Election   
 Happy. Happy. Happy.  
Watch LIVE: town hall with in South Carolina! 
  great to be in  with    
This morning: I’ll be LIVE with at 9:30 am ET. Listen here,  
 The one candidate who can face Washington-- and win.
 It was named the Rising Tide Summit, but judging from crowd response, we can just call it "Cruz-a-palooza" 
 As Ted Cruz consolidates conservatives in Iowa, Marco Rubio is urgently trying to slow his momentum. 
Nothing President Obama said tonight will assist in either case. 
And I will shut down the broken immigration system that is letting jihadists into our country. 
If I am elected President, I will direct the Department of Defense to destroy ISIS: 
READ: my statement in advance of remarks tonight: 
Thx! 
We need American leadership, and we need America winning again. The world does as well. 
Thx! 
Of course. Better to claim Islamic State "isn't Islamic," to admit 10k Syrian refugees, and to attack the 2d Amend! 
This is an important debate. Worth watching: 
 Subject line in latest fundraising email from Gift for Hillary? Links to this; 
Today Heidi and I wish the Jewish Community a very Happy Chanukah! 
Too funny. A very short quiz to determine if you're a Democrat, a Republican... or a southern Republican: 
Order yours here:  
 backstage at  
Please join Congressman in supporting our campaign today:    
 Shorter is positioned to win. "Marco Rubio, Switching Focus, Aims to Halt Ted Cruz’s Momentum 
Miss my remarks at yesterday's Rising Tide Summit? Watch here:  
 Ted Cruz Is the One Candidate Who Can Face down Washington — And Win  
 'If you wage JIHAD against us, you're signing your DEATH WARRANT' - Ted Cruz in great new ad 
  on defeating the Islamic State: "We will utterly destroy them"  
If you want a president who doesn’t apologize for America, join us: 
 "You don't stop the bad guys by taking away our guns. You stop the bad guys by USING our guns!" 
 was awesome at the  !! Thanks for inspiring me!! 
 Ted Cruz easily wins straw poll of Minnesota Republican activists.  
 Ted Cruz wins  central committee meeting presidential straw poll by 2-1 margin over Marco Rubio. 
We'll make it abundantly clear that if you join ISIS, if you try to wage jihad against America, you’re signing your death warrant 
How about the federal government spend less time trying to read your and my emails and more time stopping radical Islamic terrorists? 
  talking Liberty ; Security in a packed house at the  
  message for edit board: "You don't stop the bad guys by taking away our guns. You stop the bad guys…
It is precisely during an era of radical Islamic terrorism that the Second Amendment is so important  
You don’t stop the bad guys by taking away our guns. You stop them by using our guns. 
There has never been a time in the history of this country when we have needed prayer more than today. 
Our liberties are a major reason why we are secure. We are secure because we can speak out and because we are armed. 
For seven years we have seen both liberty and security going away under the Obama Administration 
Will be LIVE at  in just a few minutes. Watch online here: 
 So wonderful to meet the students who are starting a club on campus! 
 "You stop bad guys by using our guns." -   
If I'm elected president, we won’t weaken ISIS. We won’t degrade ISIS. We will utterly destroy ISIS: 
  great to have the one and only in  at     
 I support for president: solid GOP field, but he's the 1 candidate who can face down Washington - and win. ht…
 Today on shared his views on the debate over guns.  
You don’t stop the bad guys by taking away our guns, you stop the bad guys by using our guns! 
 Son Tim meets Ted Cruz in Iowa today. He's on cloud nine.  
 Cruz'n into  🇺🇸 
 How would a President combat homegrown terrorism? | via  
 "You don't stop terrorism by taking away our guns; you stop terrorism by USING our guns" - Senator Ted Cruz on Fox News just…
 Spotted at  in Des Moines. Volunteers from across the country descending on Iowa for  
 Cruz on Fox and Friends just now sure looked and sounded like a President who would be great for America
Our Christmas sweaters are shipping now! It's not too late to order yours:  
 Almost 45 mins after wrapping remarks, still shaking hands at Crossroads 
 Launch update: Winds exceeded limits. New  liftoff time is now 6:03pm ET. Watch:  
  speaking with Ben who represents      
  demands release of  history for San Bernardino shooters 
 GOA Chairman Tim Macy with presidential candidate Ted Cruz and Rep. Steve King (R-IA).   
 Tim Macy of Gun Owners of America says whom group's endorsed, was the only presidential candidate who returned…
  at 2nd amendment event: "You don't stop bad guys by taking away our guns, you stop bad guys by using them" 
 WATCH LIVE: talks to in Iowa about poll numbers + more   
 Awesome work by on this.A 3-day journey through Iowa with Check out what the road looks like; 
Proud to announce our  Coalition today -- the way you stop the bad guys is you have a free and armed citizenry!
 New York sheriff urges residents to carry their licensed guns in wake of new attacks in US.  htt…
 "Ted Cruz Reacts to San Bernardino: Now, More Than Ever, Americans Must Be Armed"   
 Ted Cruz's Third Way RealPolitik Vs. The Neocons 
 Trying to Seal the Deal: Ted Cruz Hits the Road 
 Cruz might be a Texas senator,  but he's a natural on the campaign trail in Iowa:  
The does it again -- surprising visitors at Union Station in our nation's capital:  
 That's right, struck again...this time at  
You don’t get rid of the bad guys by getting rid of our guns. You get rid of the bad guys by using our guns:  
Instead, they remain obsessed with disarming Americans—of stripping us of our fundamental right to protect ourselves 
They refuse to stand up and do what is necessary to defeat radical Islamic terrorism 
The gun control push illustrates the misguided priorities of President Obama and Hillary Clinton:  
  “Since before my first day in office, I pledged to do everything within my power to repeal Obamacare." 
Awesome! 
 BREAKING: Sens. ; Demand Obama Release Immigration History Of San Bernardino Attackers 
We're officially on the ballot in Texas -- thank you  
 is officially on the TX ballot! A big thank you to all the Texans who joined in 
 Sens ; Sessions have sent a letter requesting the immigration history of the  attackers: 
If elected president, I've pledged to rip to shreds this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal on my first day in office 
  One of the most shameful things about this nuclear deal is that it does nothing for the American hostages 
  submits the paperwork to get on the ballot for the Texas primary. 
  announces New Jersey Leadership Team and county chairs leading efforts in all 21 NJ counties: 
  ‘No Surprise Iran is Continuing to Murder Americans’  via 
 We welcome endorsement of Simple Flat Tax Plan which eliminates ALL energy subsidies 
 We appreciate focus on fairness and market competition: 
We need a Commander in Chief who'll not only recognize the threat, but will lead to defeat radical Islamic terrorism 
GOP needs to nominate candidate for POTUS who is as committed to conservative principles as Obama is to liberal ones 
  taking questions from at the  
  on 2016 election: We are going to win by painting in bold colors and not pale pastels." 
We need a president who says to Iran: either you stop your nuclear weapons program or we will stop it for you 
 Another standing O for at  when he talks about ripping up Iran deal as president. Regular line in stum…
We need a president who makes clear that if you go and join ISIS and wage jihad against America, you're signing your death warrant 
  introduced at  as "one of the greatest friends" of Jewish community: cites accomplishments and not ju…
If I'm elected President, on my very first day in office, we will begin the process of moving our embassy in Israel to Jerusalem 
We need a president who will stand unapologetically with the nation of Israel 
Never have I been prouder than to be part of that Gang of Three  
When John Kerry was nominated for Secretary of State, only three senators voted against his confirmation. 
The United States of America should not be rationalizing radical Islamic terrorism 
We need a president who will call the enemy by its name, “radical Islamic terrorism,” and who is committed to defeating it 
Our enemies are at war with us. I believe our nation needs a wartime president to defend it 
Yesterday's horrific murder in the wake of Paris underscores we're at a time of war whether or not the current Admin realizes it 
 The WSJ is, on purpose or not, becoming an extension of Rubio's campaign 
 Today, like every other day in our nation, officers ran TOWARDS danger to protect people. Thank you
 Today is reporter Jason Rezaian's 500th day being held in  on false charges  
 Ted Cruz To Convene Congressional Hearing To Examine Claims Of Global Warming Activists 
Thx! 
Our prayers are with the victims, their families, and the first responders in San Bernardino who willingly go into harm’s way to save others
As president we WILL secure the border, and we WILL stop illegal immigration:  
 On the air NOW with Ralph Smith talking about my endorsement of  
 I'm listening to the interview with on WRKO 680 AM on TuneIn.  
Live now on  listen here:  
 Amazing supporters at Capitol Pancake House in Williamsburg, VA!  
 will be on at 12:15. 
  "has put himself in a perfect position to make a serious run at the nomination over the next six months." 
 Read my personal endorsement of for President ; why you should endorse him too.  
Miss my discussion with on last night? Watch here:  
 Where is America? In AP conversation, Ted Cruz says foreign leaders want U.S. to lead:   
 From CEO/Editor-in-Chief Ann-Marie Murrell:  "I need to emphasize that I am endorsing Sen. Cruz as an... 
 Coming early Wednesday from our second  with a 2016 candidate for president, as sits down wit…
 Tonight's show: on why she's endorsing for president.
 A few Greenville SC  were at the HQ tonight with Rafael Cruz 
Thank you so much to one of our youngest supporters for your investment in America, Julia! 
 Ted Cruz will be on tomorrow (Wednesday) at 12:05 pm EST for a newsmaker interview on The Kuhner Report WRKO AM-680. D…
 Ted Cruz campaign demands Iowa radio stations pull FALSE ATTACK ADS 
 Cruz for President campaign asks radio stations to pull false attack ads running in Iowa  
Don't wait -- take advantage of our 10% off winter sale at  now! 
 Ted Cruz can win GOP nomination. He"s strong on border, refugees, ISIS, taxes ; family values. He would demolish Hilla…
 3 reasons I’m endorsing for Pres: Nat’l Security, Peace Thru Strength ; Eidetic Memory. 
 Ted Cruz is proud to stand with conservatives like Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, and the NRA on the USA Freedom Act - 
I am grateful for support and I'm honored to have her endorsement:  
Heidi and I are keeping you in our thoughts and prayers, 
"Ted Cruz checks all boxes for a full-spectrum constitutional conservative." - Congressman  
 In Richmond with Heidi Cruz to formally file signatures to be on the ballot.  
 Heidi Cruz greets supporters in Richmond before filing paperwork to get on Virginia ballot 
 Outstanding Cruz interview on foreign policy 
 Have you seen this video from about Ted Cruz? Must watch!   
Enjoyed sitting down w/ for a discussion about the 2016 race, some impressions ; more! Watch here: 
 This is the wildest video you will see all day. acts out his favorite scene from The Princess Bride. 
With two months until the Iowa caucuses, "Cruz finds his presidential bid riding a wave of momentum."  
Thanks for the warm welcome! 
 What an honor to have introduced the next POTUS to a standing room only crowd.  
Watch and : "Ted Cruz is ready to be our Commander in Chief."Join the  
 Mrs. Heidi Cruz @ gathering - Raleigh, NC. Will make an amazing 1st lady.  
Terrific time in Bettendorf, IA this afternoon -- thank you to everyone who joined us!  
On the radio with in just a few minutes. Listen live here,  
 Vox appeals to the authority of "The Gender Unicorn." Can't make it up. 
 I'll open today's show w/ and will replay it in hour three.
 Lots of people already here and more flooding in for Ted Cruz in Bettendorf 
 Monsignor Ed Lofton endorses for President:  
 Don't miss out on the chance to save 20% at  with our  sale! 
A packed house of courageous conservatives in Coralville, IA this morning -- thank you for joining us!  
 Hearing right now!! 
 WATCH LIVE: holds town hall in Coralville, Iowa:  
 Come join us at a town hall w today at 4pm in Bettendorf, IA!  
RSVP to join us here:    
IOWANS: Please join Congressman in caucusing for our campaign. Sign up here! 
Today only: save 20% on your purchase at  -- order now and  to spread the word! 
 Thank you for your support and prayers!
 If you'd like to watch an impressive reenactment by of his favorite scene from Princess Bride, here goes; ht…
  pulled into the Depot Express in Van Horne  ..met a few Courageous Conservatives   
  campaigning at Pizza Ranch in Newton, one of the largest crowds at a Pizza Ranch this cycle.  
An impression from my favorite movie? As you wish... 
Thank you! 
  will use every tool we have to win, but he’ll never betray the Constitution he's sworn to defend
 This video epitomizes the reasons I support Ted Cruz for 2016!   
 I've watched Ted Cruz boldly stand against Obama's appeasement of those who threaten our security 
  jokes that this room was named after "Republican leadership in Washington." 
Thank you Lamoni, IA, for a terrific town hall this afternoon!  
Whether you’re pulling for or show you’re part of the  If you’re in LA, look for our filter!
Whether you’re pulling for or show you’re part of the  If you’re in MS, look for our filter!
Whether you’re pulling for or show you’re part of the  If you’re in OK, look for our filter now!
Please join Congressman in supporting our campaign:  
 The  is getting ready for the game! 
Whether you’re pulling for or show you’re part of the  If you’re in KS, look for our filter now!
Whether you’re pulling for or show you’re part of the  If you’re in AL, look for our filter!
 Cruz will use every tool we have to win, but won't betray the Constitution we're sworn to defend 
Congressman is ready to be our Commander in ChiefJoin us: 
Whether you’re pulling for or show you’re part of the  If you’re in SC, look for our filter now!
Praying for the loved ones of those killed, those injured ; first responders who bravely got the situation under control in Colorado Springs
In Arkansas and getting ready for the game? Look for our filter:  
Thank you. Glad you liked it! 
WATCH and :​: is "somebody in whom you can totally depend."  
A Cruz family holiday tradition: Cuban coffee and smack-talk over a game of dominoes. 
Thx! 
Thankful for time with the family this Thanksgiving! 
 We have a lot to be thankful for as Americans, especially those who serve to protect us -- today and every day. Happy Thanksgiving.
We remember President George Washington’s call in the first Thanksgiving Day Proclamation, 226 years ago. 
For what are you thankful this Thanksgiving?  
This Thanksgiving we celebrate the blessings the Lord has bestowed upon us  
 President signs updated Commercial Space Launch Act into law backed by opposed 
Don't forget to say a prayer of Thanksgiving for our men and women in uniform spending the holiday away from home. 
 Mario Lopez gives thumbs-up to 'campaign poster' featuring Ted Cruz 
Awesome -- thanks for reading! 
 Please join our family in prayer for Ted Cruz. Sign up here: National Prayer Team | Cruz for President 
If I’m elected President, we’ll have a Commander in Chief whose first objective is to keep this country safe.
 Ted Cruz and Mario Lopez, together, on Thanksgiving 
Washington isn't going to change until we rise up in unison and make it change: Join us: 
 Now this is a campaign poster 
Welcome to Houston, Great speaking with you this morning at the  HQ! 
  Obama "finally using the adjectives for ISIS that he usually reserves for Republicans ; conservatives." 
  Obama thinks "your SUV in the driveway is a greater threat to our security than is ISIS, than is a nuclear Iran." 
 Don't miss on tonight at 9 ET on  
It's official... we're on the March 8 primary ballot in Idaho! Thank you, State Treasurer Ron Crane! 
Our momentum is building in Iowa and across the nation. Join us: 
  announces Virginia Leadership Team. Chair ; Co-Chairs joined by over 45 leaders from across VA: 
“When we look at this poll, we see has tremendous support.”Join the  
  more than doubles his support in Iowa in new  via 
  down, up in new  poll  reports 
 Quinnipiac Poll: Cruz, Trump in Virtual Tie In Iowa 
 Big numbers for in latest Q-poll: surging to within striking distance of current leader 
 Happy birthday, Eleanor. It was a pleasure to meet the wonderful mother of presidential candidate bless 
Great speaking with you and truly honored to have your support! 
  on  via
Thank you,​, for your incredibly kind comments!Join the  here: 
Thanks for watching and sharing! 
 Agree 100% on the assessment of  
 "The numbers on who Iowa Republicans consider ready to be commander-in-chief are off the charts for Cruz.” 
 In rare interview with Rush Limbaugh describes as     
 ICYMI, full clip. on leader, someone in whom you can totally depend h…
 Cruz Jumps to  Spot in Iowa   
I'm proud to fight alongside YOU to reignite the promise of America: 
 New CBS Poll shows Iowa voters overwhelmingly trust  to lead against national security threats. 
 Did you miss any of Friday night's Presidential Family Forum? Watch entirety of  here: 
  "scores best among all the candidates when Iowans are asked who is ready to be the commander in chief.” 
 Show your support for the campaign AND your team! Order your shirt here  
 is unafraid to name our enemy -- radical Islamic terrorism -- ; will defeat it. 
 Cruz Releases New Ad Challenging Obama to Syrian Refugee Debate 
 Hey now - in 2nd place in Iowa -&gt;  
Mr. President, let's debate how to best defend America: 
"The rights of man come not from the generosity of the state, but from the hand of God.” - President John F. Kennedy 
 if you agree we need a Commander in Chief who is committed to defeating radical Islamic terrorism: 
Washington wants us divided. But the good news? If conservatives unite and stand together, we will win. 
Angry lefty journo doesn't dispute (1) Obama equated ISIS murders to Crusades ; Inquisition (2) ISIS uses same arg.  
 Ted Cruz's day began at 9:45 am for a town hall with Steve King. It's 13 hours later, and he's still taking questions.
Religious liberty is the first right protected in the First Amendment of the Bill of Rights:  
 I predicted EVERYTHING 
 At  "reiterated his belief that U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry "should resign in disgrace.’” 
​ thinks we're her enemies, but we are not. We just think there's a better path than what we're on.
Thank you  in Salem and Hampstead, NH for getting out and knocking on doors today!   
Thank you     
If we stand together, we’ll restore the incredible promise of the nation every one of us loves so much:  
If we’re going to win, we have to energize and mobilize the millions of conservatives who have been staying home 
Hillary Clinton may think we are her enemies, but we are not. We just want to open people’s eyes that there is a better path 
 Thanks so much for your unwavering support of my campaign for Governor.  is tomorrow!
It is important to understand that President Obama is serving as an apologist for radical Islamic terrorism 
The policies President Obama is advancing are helping the other team. 
The use of military force is the most serious decision a Commander in Chief makes. 
 Ted Cruz releases blistering new ad on Obama, ISIS and Syrian refugees 
 if you agree it is neither "offensive" nor "un-American" to embrace the position that we should protect this nation! 
It’s easy to toss cheap insults when no one can respond. Let’s have a debate on President Obama’s Syrian refugee policy. 
This week, President Obama attacked me twice overseas. 
I’m a Christian. Scripture tells us to love everybody. 
 Ted Cruz asked if he really loves everybody. "Do I love the human being, yes. I don’t love the evil they commit." 
When you’ve seen freedom taken away, it is real, it is personal. And if we don’t fight to defend our liberty, we will lose it. 
Religious liberty for me has been a passion for decades because it is the first freedom in our country. 
We’re seeing an assault on the Judeo-Christian values that built America into the greatest country in the history of the world. 
I think the greatest moral threat we’re facing is the assault coming from Washington, the media, and Hollywood. 
As we kick off  please join Congressman in supporting our campaign: 
 As pres. family forum begins in IA, courting evangelicals hard, drops endorsement of 200 "faith leaders:" 
Look forward to joining  tonight in Des Moines, Iowa. Watch LIVE here:  
 - I hope you'll join Congressman Steve King in caucusing for me in Iowa! 
 More than 200 Faith leaders endorse For President:  
 FEATURED Op-Ed:Secure the Border to Protect American Interests  
 Cruz is right. Kerry should resign and Hillary's unfit for president. 
A little bit different of a reception than I normally get in Washington — thank you Harlan, IA!   
Let's have a debate, 
  great to be in      
POTUS should be protecting this nation. Not insulting you, me, and millions of Americans 
 And also putting out web video today on same theme:   
 Loras Schulte formally resigns from IA GOP State Central Committee to publicly endorse ; support 
 New video from challenges Obama to a debate over Syrian refugees. 
 Ted Cruz: Obama’s refugee plan is ‘utter lunacy’    
  “How about we have a president ; a commander-in-chief that focuses on U.S. national security interests?” 
  If I’m elected president,  will finally secure the borders.  will defeat radical Islamic terrorism. 
 GraniteGrok Endorsement: Ted Cruz for President: 
Instead of tossing insults ; engaging in political warfare how about the President do his job as Commander in Chief?
 CRUZ op-ed in Why the Terrorist Refugee Infiltration Prevention Act of 2015 is necessary 
I am thrilled to have support in this campaign!  
 "Under leadership we can put America back on the right track.” - Congressman 
 Rohrabacher Endorses Cruz for President - 
 There are many candidates who are strongly pro-life…one stands out as exceptional - Troy Newman: 
Had a great time talking with Don’t miss this interview,  
 should be protecting this nation—not insulting millions of Americans because we want to keep America safe!
  : Obama, Hillary's Stance on Refugees Is 'Nothing Short of Lunacy'  
  announces the formation of a national prayer team “A Time for Prayer” Join here: 
  “Instead of engaging in political warfare, how about the president do his job as commander in chief?” 
 JOIN US NOW taking your questions! 
 You've asked for it! Senator ; Presidential candidate Ted Cruz - joins me during 1 pm hour of… 
 Thank you so much, Betsy
Joining LIVE on the radio in just a few minutes. Listen here,  
 Looking forward to speaking to on   ; asking YOUR questions! What do you want asked? …
Stop the insults, Mr. President. Let’s debate:  
If I’m elected President, we’ll have a Commander in Chief whose first objective is to keep this country safe: 
Live NOW on the Listen here,  
Let’s debate, Mr. President:  
Learn more here:  
  announces Washington State Leadership Team:  
 . live tele townhall with starting now. Listen here: 
  ‘Insult Me To My Face’ [VIDEO]  via
  fires back at Obama's accusation that GOP critics are "scared of widows and orphans."  
 I'll be hosting Examiner TeleForum tonight 6pm with You'll ask the questions, not me. Sign up here: 
 Cruz for President Expands North Carolina State Leadership Team   Join the  
Mr. President, if you want to insult me, insult me to my face. Let's have a debate on Syrian refugees right now! 
Mr. President, let’s have a debate on Syrian refugees. Right now. Anywhere you want. 
RSVP to join us here:  
 16 years ago Rivals joined hands to help on a tragic day in our state. Thoughts and prayers for the families. 
A prayer for France and for clarity and strength among the leaders of the world.
TONIGHT at 6 pm -- join me and for a live teletownhall. RSVP here:  
  wins the endorsement of Ginni Thomas  via 
A prayer for France from our Rally for Religious Liberty in Greenville, South Carolina, last weekend.
Heidi and I wish Supriya, Bobby, and their family all the best. 
 will always be an important conservative leader in the GOP ; serve to better the future of our country 
  takes your questions, live and unfiltered TOMORROW.   
 we need your help in Iowa! Join our Strike Force to deploy to Iowa in December or January! Sign up here: 
 Ted Cruz Steps Up Ground Game in 24 Early Primary States, Pledges ‘Army of Volunteers’ 
Ginni Thomas: I am proudly endorsing for President:   
Thanks for joining us! 
WATCH: this one sentence sums up everything that is wrong with the Obama/Clinton foreign policy...
  There's "not a more stunning indictment" of Obama's presidency than this statement on fight against ISIS: 
 Lamar Smith, Ted Cruz in key roles as Congress passes law boosting private missions to space  
What's shameful is we have a President who after 7 yrs still refuses to utter the words “radical Islamic terrorism”
 ICYMI: audio/transcript: My Monday intv w/ reacting to POTUS remarks in Turkey, debate: 
 Fantastic evening in Gwinnett County, GA! Thank you to all who came out to support 
 Tonight's show: discusses his endorsement. Stream all three hours of the show live here: 
 Ted Cruz pulled no punches Monday, blasting Pres. Obama for refusing to refer to ISIS as radical Islamic terrorists 
What should our strategy be with regard to combatting radical Islamic terrorism? Very simple: we win, they lose: 
 POTUS and proposed refugee policy "is nothing short of lunacy."
 listen here:  
 Today, I endorsed Ted Cruz for president. Of the excellent candidates, Cruz is most likely to refurbish the Pillars of Am …
Great to meet you too. Thanks for joining us! 
  "Obama and Hillary Clinton's proposal to bring tens of thousands of Syrian refugees to America is absolute luna…
Couldn't make it to our Meet and Greet at the College of Charleston in person? Watch live here:  
LIVE on   speaking at The College of Charleston Bully Pulpit Series  
 At noon at the Mansion we had a minute of silence to pray for the victims of the   
 Great enthusiastic crowd for in Cobb Co today! Georgia is  
 This is HUGE!  King Endorses TedCruz 4 Pres to Restore the Soul of America - Breitbart 
 "'People are increasingly saying  has one of the better potential paths' to the nomination" 
 "I am asking every one of my fellow Iowa Republicans to join me in caucusing for Senator - 
  takes your questions Wednesday. Sign up now for the  Teleforum! 
Join Congressman in supporting our campaign to reignite the promise of America:  
 Watch out endorsement of is big development in GOP race.  Cruz could very well rise late and win I…
Please join Congressman in supporting our campaign:   
I am beyond honored to receive Congressman endorsement: 
 I support for President. This is an invite to learn more him.  
We can’t effectively fight ISIS with a President who refuses to utter the words “radical Islamic terrorism.”
 I'm calling for a statewide minute of silence Monday at noon for victims of terrorist attacks in Paris.  
Glad you could join us! 
In a Cruz Administration, if you wage jihad against America, you’re signing your death warrant.
Thank you  in Myrtle Beach for helping to make South Carolina  
 Ted Cruz is now at a town hall in Myrtle Beach SC. Thunderous applause to his promise to "rip to shreds" the Iranian deal
We need a President who says "we'll defeat radical Islamic terrorism," but one party won’t speak its name 
Awesome -- glad you could join us! 
  hits POTUS on "radical Islamic terror" phrase daily on trail. Now, after  out w/vid re: Paris: 
And we won! 
 We need the Flat Tax. America needs a real plan for tax reform.  
Prediction: they'll "fact" check earlier tweet ; conclude it's false because they found 3 lefty journos who don't think they're ridiculous
If you want to know why everyone finds lefty journalists so ridiculous, take a look at this silly Politifact: 
Group selfie with supporters in Orlando -- thanks for sharing 
We cannot defeat radical Islamic terrorism with a POTUS who refuses to utter the words “radical Islamic terrorism!”
 if you agree we need a Commander-in-Chief committed to defeating radical Islamic terror: 
We need a President who is unafraid to name our enemy -- radical Islamic terrorism -- and will set out to defeat it.
We're facing an enemy who is at war with us even if our own President does not understand that it is at war with us.
America is a center-right nation built on Judeo-Christian values. It’s who we were in 1776 ; it's who we are today 
We're here to say enough is enough.   
What kind of nation have we become when kneeling in prayer has become an act of civil disobedience? 
This gathering today is so important to tell these real stories of religious persecution  
 ; introducing our five heroes persecuted for their faith  
 and now up at the rally to  
"There's no better person to discuss this topic than Senator -  
Proud to welcome to the stage this afternoon!   
 "There can be no liberty in America without religious liberty!"  
 Sen. opened at with a prayer for the victims of the  ISIS an evil force. 
Honored to welcome to the stage at the rally to   
David and Jason Benham speaking NOW at our rally to  WATCH:  
Beginning our rally to  with a moment of silence for the horrific terrorist attacks in Paris 
 Our rally to  in Greenville, SC, begins at 12 pm ET! Watch live here: 
In a Cruz Admin, it would be clear to any militant that if you go and join ISIS, you're signing your death warrant.
We must make it clear that affiliation w/ ISIS ; related terrorist groups brings w/ it the undying enmity of America 
America must stand with our allies against the scourge of radical Islamic terrorism: 
Our deepest condolences go out to our French allies. I know the the US stands by to offer any assistance necessary: 
Horrific reports coming out of Paris. Our thoughts and prayers are with all the people of France — our oldest ally. 
Okay, now this is really cool. 
 Add your name to support new plan to stop illegal immigration!  
I tell you now, we can, and we WILL bring that back. We WILL reignite the promise of America! 
No nation in the history of the world has allowed so many millions to come with nothing and achieve anything. 
I was proud to help lead the fight against amnesty in the Senate in 2013: 
In 2013 we had a battle in Congress over amnesty. It was, as Ronald Reagan would have put it, “a time for choosing” 
We can and will also make the legal immigration system work better:
It is lunacy to be bringing refugees into the country who may be terrorists trying to murder Americans: 
And we will prosecute any and all companies found to be in violation of the law: 
In a Cruz Administration, I will immediately suspend the H-1B visa program for 180 days for an investigation ; audit 
We’ve also been stunned by report after report of companies abusing our H-1B program. These abuses will stop: 
We welcome people from all over the world, but we shouldn’t welcome people defying and gaming our laws: 
It is well past time to end birthright citizenship: 
We need to reform legal immigration, but it needs to be structured to serve America's needs:
We are going to help this country, and we are going to solve this problem: 
In a Cruz Administration, if municipalities are defying federal immigration law, their federal money is cut off: 
In a Cruz Administration, we will end sanctuary cities: 
We are going to restore our enforcement policy and end catch and release: 
If I’m elected President, on the first day in office I'll rescind every illegal ; unconstitutional executive action 
We will empower state ; local law enforcement not as enemies, but as partners, in enforcing federal immigration law: 
We will put in place a strong E-Verify system and a biometric entry/exit system on visas: 
We will triple the U.S. Border Patrol: 
We’re going to start with building a wall that works: 
First, we must secure the border. We’ve had both Republicans and Democrats unwilling to get the job done: 
We’re tired of politicians who blow smoke. Enough talk. We’re going to solve this problem: 
There is nothing compassionate about a politician saying, “I’m so compassionate I’m willing to give away your job.”
A steady flow of illegal immigrants coming in and driving down wages impacts the wages of everyone.
Believing in the rule of law is entirely consistent with believing we a nation of immigrants.
The people being left behind are the working men ; women, the legal immigrants ; people who think the Constitution ; rule of law matter.
The  is in complete agreement over amnesty.
In Washington there is an unholy alliance between K Street and Wall Street. You have the 
Tune in now to hear more about my plan to stop illegal immigration:   
We are live now! Tune in,  
 NEWS: out with details of his immigration plan:   
Watch LIVE at 2:45 pm ET. My plan to stop illegal immigration: 
Miss my remarks at the  Watch here: 
If we continue to stand together, we can bring back that Shining City on a Hill that is the United States of America! 
What ties us all together as Americans is we are all the children of people who risked everything for freedom. 
But if you think Washington is broken and we need to get power back to the people — THAT is what this campaign is all about. 
If you think things in Washington are going great, then I ain’t your guy. 
If you see a candidate that Washington embraces, run and hide! 
I’ll go to Congress and we will pass a Simple Flat Tax — 10% for every American. And then we should  
We will finally, finally, finally secure the border and end sanctuary cities. 
I’ll instruct the Department of Education — which should be abolished — that Common Core ends today! 
I’ll go to Congress and we will repeal every word of Obamacare. 
And with me, when I tell you I’m going to do something, you know I’ll do exactly what I said I’ll do. 
I'll make clear that under no circumstances will Iran be allowed to acquire nuclear weapons. 
As President, I’ll rip to shreds this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal! 
  speaking to a room full of fired up Republicans that are ready to take back the White House in 2016! 
The first thing I plan to do as President is rescind every illegal ; unconstitutional executive action taken by Pres. Obama 
God bless the Great State of Florida! I'm thrilled to be with you today! 
Speaking NOW at the  Watch LIVE: 
 I'll be speaking at the  in just a few minutes. Watch LIVE here: 
 THIS  is nominatable, perhaps even electable..."GOP candidate Cruz acts out 'Princess Bride' scene."
I was proud to lead the fight against the massive amnesty proposal in the Senate just a couple years ago: 
 Presidential Candidate is on the Mike Gallagher Show  
  reiterates to that he's working, right now, on "major reform legislation" to H1B program alon…
 I'll be live on the radio with in just a few minutes. Listen here: 
Hope to see you in Orlando, FL, today  RSVP HERE: 
Act out a scene from The Princess Bride?As you wish... 
Stand with us in defense of religious liberty this Saturday in Greenville, SC:  
RSVP to join us here:  
The IRS is corrupt. It is targeting American citizens. We need to  
Had a decision to make before filing for the ballot in New Hampshire... 
 IA Rep. Terry Baxter endorses for President: “Cruz has proven that he is unafraid to lead the fight” 
There's NOTHING compassionate about politicians giving away the jobs of Americans to people coming here illegally
It’s official,  — we’re on the ballot in New Hampshire!   
Honored to welcome 70 new members to our New Hampshire Leadership Team!    
When filing in New Hampshire, I got to meet a fourth grade class and we heard a song about how laws are made!  
 The "We want Cruz" chants have started as supporters wait for to officially file for NH primary 
Always! 
Live now. Listen here:  
 will be live with in just a few minutes. Listen here: 
 ICYMI: fired up in  after       via
 Watch Ted Cruz comment about enforcing the rule of law.  
 Cruz offers specifics, check them out 
It’s great to be in Kingston, NH tonight for a  Town Hall. Watch live:  
  speaks at VFW Post 1088 in Kingston      via
 Ted Cruz's wife Heidi takes the stage at a VFW in Kingstom, NH. Wishes crowd a happy Veterans Day. 
With an introduction by Thank you, Heidi! 
LIVE on   LIVE NH Town Hall 
Thanks so much, Ross! 
 Cruz kicks off his Kingston town hall with a live hit on Hannity. Spontaneous cheers of "we want Ted!" break out in backgroun…
 This is  '16: "doing a thing for Hannity" before  town hall    via
 " liberty has been a passion for me for decades. A lifelong passion." - on radio w/t 
Join Coach Joe Kennedy ; me at the Greenville, SC Rally for Religious Liberty this Saturday:  
 You did this  Thank you for supporting on social media! Keep it up!   
If Republicans join Democrats as the party of amnesty, we will lose: 
  and were the people's choice after last night's debate  
Like the sound of over $500,000,000,000 in spending cuts? Support my Five for Freedom Plan! 
 Senator Immigration Line Gets High Marks From Debate  
6 pm ET:  Town Hall in Kingston, NH. RSVP here:  Also look for our stream on
 The social media win in last night's  belonged to Senator Ted Cruz  
May God continue to bless America and all the veterans who have kept us free   
If you’re tired of Washington politicians picking winners and losers, join us: 
We owe our veterans a debt we can never repay. Thank you for your service and sacrifice  
 Ted Cruz: “What ties Americans together is that we’re the children of those who risked everything for freedom.” 
  talks debate performance w/ and 
 if you're tired of being called anti-immigrant because you want people to come here legally ; to enforce the law!
Help build on last night's  momentum. Join the  today!  
 One of the most memorable moments from last ight:   
 We are almost to 1,000 followers! We want to thank everyone who has followed this account and continues their support f…
 When made these remarks, the dials on Fox News focus group soared: "Watch how high the lines climb."
 My take: Ted Cruz Wins the Night  via
 Here's fresh plan in writing, exclusively at NR:  
  I think the  will prove very helpful to voters in understanding where GOP candidates are.
  chatted with following the  
 This may have been one best moments tonight:  
 if you agree we must STOP amnesty and defend American workers! Join us:  
Together, We the People, we will turn this nation around. Pitch in $5 now to join us: 
 Listen to he had done his homework and is ready to lead.
Join us at  and together we'll turn this country around and reignite the promise of America! 
If elected President, I’ll veto any statute that exempts Congress. The law should apply evenly to every American! 
Hillary Clinton embodies the cronyism of Washington. End the   
Hillary Clinton has a lot of experience, but her policies have led to disaster.  
End the  
We need to get back to sound money which helps working men and women! 
The biggest lie in all of politics is that the Republicans are the party of the rich. End the  
The problem is the cronyism and corruption of Washington. We must end the  
  started debate night by unveiling plan to get rid of not just IRS, but depts of Energy, Ed, Commerce, HUD 
 Met the charming Heidi Cruz, wife, during  commercial break. 
 "You think defending this country is expensive, try not defending it"
 Cruz's best line.  
 if you're ready for a plan that will cut over $500,000,000,000!   
Thank you! Join him here:     
 Biggest answers belong to Cruz.  
We can defend this nation and pay for it! 
If you think defending this nation is expensive, try not defending it. We can defend it and pay for it!  
We eliminate the IRS, Department of Education, Department of Energy, Department of Commerce, and HUD  
Today we rolled out a plan for $500,000,000,000 in spending cuts.  
The current system isn’t fair. Washington is fundamentally corrupt. We must end the   
 if you're TIRED of being told enforcing the law is anti-immigrant. It is offensive! 
Those of us who believe we should enforce the law, we are tired of being told it is anti-immigrant. It is offensive 
The Democrats are laughing because if the GOP joins the Democrats as the party of amnesty, we will lose!  
Thank you!   
Consistent. Conservative. Trusted.  
We can reignite the promise of America. We’ve done it before ; with real leadership, we can do it again! 
The  is watching the  in Las Vegas! 
I have rolled out a bold and simple flat tax!   
My Five for Freedom Plan brings government spending under control and saves over $500,000,000,000  
Awesome! 
Here we go at the  — join the  
Read my new op-ed in on my Five for Freedom Plan: Bringing government spending under control.  
 nice try
No excuse not to tune in to the  on now! 
Hurry and get your  gear bundle with a special  discount:  
 Ted Cruz writes "A Simple Flat Tax for Economic Growth"  
 We need the Flat Tax plan!  
 Ted Cruz 2016! 
 Excited to cheer on tonight ! 
 thank you!
Want to  We can do it with my Simple Flat Tax Plan! 
 Thank you!
 thank you for your prayers!
 
Tune in,  9 pm ET:  
Looking good! 
 As a constituent of Ted Cruz I can tell you he keeps his campaign promises. Says what he will do ; …
Thank you! 
Y’all picked a good one for their first live show, and 
Looking good,  
“He is somebody who on pretty much all the issues has fought the conservative fight.” Join the 
 Excited to watch shine tonight!    
  will unite our party and the nation behind a positive vision for the future of the country. 
 Tune in at 9 pm ET! 
 under four hours to go until the  Hope you'll tune in: 
Thank you! 
 tonight — 9 pm ET! 
 Thank you! Keep spreading the word!
Great news! 
Awesome! 
 Can't wait-wearing MY new Cruz t-shirt!  
 thank you!
 Tune in to support Ted Cruz at the debate tonight at 9PM EST on FBN!
 We're ready! Are you?   
 Tonight's the night! Be sure to tune in and use  to join in on the conversation. 
Get ready for the​  by watching the most talked about moment from the last debate again!
 What will say tonight? Join us TONIGHT for the Fox Business-WSJ   
 Awesome! Encourage your friends to tune in too!
 thank you!
 planning to tune in to tonight's  at 9 pm ET on Let me know! 
 Help us  in tonight’s   
 -- don't forget to tune in to tonight’s​  at 9 pm ET! 
Help us fight back against the media’s attacks:  
After 7 years, the NYT can't unearth a college transcript, but they're sending reporters to Cuba to attack my dad?! 
They fight so we may be free — please join me in wishing the a very happy 240th birthday!
 if you agree we should stand with the American people rather than violent felons and pass 
  "it is a time for truth; it is a time for liberty; it is a time to reclaim the  of the United State…
A victory for rule of law as Fifth Circuit rules against Pres. Obama's illegal ; unconstitutional executive amnesty!
  Big win against the Obama administration! 
 BREAKING—The 5th Circuit has upheld the injunction against President Obama's executive action on immigration.  ht…
 terrific -- thank you so much!
It's time we stand for the safety and security of the American people. It's time we pass  Join the fight! 
  in is Right: The Muslim Brotherhood is a Terrorist Organization 
​ released its Presidential Platform Review.  see what it says:  
  endorses for president  
 thank you!
Honored to have the support of who’s been a leading conservative voice in the House of Representatives: 
 Are you sick of the  / our sluggish  This tax plan takes care of both.  
  “[T]here is a reason  would be Hillary Clinton’s worst nightmare on a debate stage” 
Saturday: we hope to see you at our rally to  RSVP here:  
 good morning!
  explains his simple flat tax plan  
If you want to  watch this:  
Lubbock, thanks for the incredible welcome! Let's reignite the promise of America together:  
 Thank you! Please spread the word!
 Join our campaign TODAY for your free bumper sticker:  
Awesome! Thank you MA  for getting out and spreading the word about our campaign:  
Read more about my Simple Flat Tax plan here:   
 Me and , wife of at ! 
 thank you!
 Always a great day when I get to hear speak!!     
 "This is a room who knows how to change America." ~ Sen.   
 Great speech by  to the women of TFRW.     
 Happy to see join us at Conv. I am proud to serve as his Texas Campaign Co-Chair.   ht…
Thank you  at  
 The next First Lady??? Heidi Cruz at  
 So great to see in Lubbock  
Next Saturday: join our rally to  -- RSVP here: 
Caroline signs her first autograph! 
It's going to be a busy first day in the Oval Office:   
It is great to be back in Lubbock with  today! 
Speaking at 11:15 at  -- hope to see you there! 
Can't wait to have Steve and as my Spin Room Team for the 
 
Put politics aside. The safety of the American people is no joking matter. Pass   
 Oh, Ted "Shutdown" Cruz. You are  
As President I’d authorize  and we'd get Americans to work!
 VIDEO: Goes After Justice Department for Operation Choke Point 
  explains his simple flat tax plan  
Hillary Clinton's big government agenda is an absolute failure! Join us: 
 We need the Cruz Flat Tax.  
Pass   
 Only two things can get me out in this weather.  1) to vote for and 2)  
 Watch full discussion with Jake Tapper on CNN from this afternoon here: 
Operation Choke Point is an abuse of power that undermines the integrity of the Department of Justice:  
 Watch Ted Cruz Make DOJ Nominee Answer for Targeting Firearms Companies with ‘Operation Choke Point’ 
Thanks for having me on  today,
  told he'd handle ISIS if elected. Tune in now to watch the interview  
 Today on  welcomes  hopeful for a live interview. 4p ET on  
 W/ the next  5 days away, today candidate joins for a live interview 4p ET  
 and produce 4.9 million new jobs with my Simple Flat Tax: Learn more: 
 READ: most excellent day -- "the Senator from Texas seemed to have gone into superhero mode on Nov. 4" 
 A country can get it right on spending, taxes and regulation but still falter if its approach to money is wrong: 
 Cruz slams Dems for blocking tougher penalties for undocumented immigrants:  
 WATCH: Bill O’Reilly calls a hero on  Pass  
Thanks for listening and sharing!   
If I’m elected President, we will secure the border, we will solve this problem, and there will NOT be amnesty: 
Live now! Listen here:  
 I'll join LIVE on the radio in just a few minutes. Listen here:  
 Sure thing! Meet Snowflake!  
 Miss speaking with about his Simple Flat Tax Plan,  and more? WATCH here: 
 Thank you! Please keep spreading the word!
  on his tax plan: “It produces the most jobs of any Republican on that main debate stage.”  
  discloses CENTCOM report proving Iran directly killed nearly 200 US troops in Iraq, wounded nearly 1000 
 inspires people to seek out the truth about God and faith, and I deeply appreciate his support: 
 JOIN Reignite The Promise of America!    SIGN UP at ➡  
This ruling carries equal weight as those issued by  right? 
The Iran nuclear deal is the worst betrayal of American terror victims: 
Where does it say I can't?  
Welcome to Twitter, 
 It's official! is on the ballot in Alabama.  
Thank you, Heidi! 
 if you agree it's past time to pass   
  wife, Heidi Cruz (l.) submits filing fees, signatures to for primary ballot.  
This is why people are so frustrated with Washington: Join us: 
  Leads Effort to Label Muslim Brotherhood a Terrorist Group  via 
The Simple Flat Tax would create booming economic growth ; let us  More:  
 Don’t miss 2016 Republican presidential candidate LIVE on  at 9:15AM!
 "Han Solo remains the coolest movie character in the history of cinema"   
 Don’t miss 2016 Republican presidential candidates and TONIGHT on  Tune in at 9p ET
Congratulations to Kentucky Governor-elect
I'm pleased to welcome these national ; state small biz leaders to kick off our Small Business for Cruz coalition: 
  says new  plan with flatter rates will make for a more rapid-growth    
 Hope you have a very, very happy birthday! 🎂🎁🎉
HOUSTON: Join me in voting NO on City of Houston Proposition 1. Here’s why: 
We have to stop pretending the Muslim Brotherhood are not responsible for the terrorism they advocate and finance: 
Add your name if you agree we should pass   
 Last night's debut show for powered by includes an interview with 
  has proven that conservatism is in his heart:   
Join us:     
 Want a FREE bumper sticker? Sign up to join our campaign today to get yours:  
 Ted Cruz gains momentum after debate | Iowa State Daily   ||
Miss my conversation with about my new Simple Flat Tax plan?  Listen here: 
 with my Simple Flat Tax plan:  
 Great ad by the campaign. "When the Media Attacks, Ted Fights Back!"  via YouTube
 Thanks to for standing up for those who have been unfairly targeted and harassed by the IRS!  
Thank you Lilly! 
 Another good idea from  if you agree!   
I spoke with Larry Kudlow about my simple flat tax plan ( ; more this weekend. Listen here: 
  has filed with for President 
 Find out how the Cruz Flat Tax will get rid of the IRS:    
Download the  app and get started reigniting the promise of America today:  
 Thank you Ken!
  "emerged from the Republican Presidential field as the modern 2016 embodiment of Ronald Reagan” 
  Expedition 1 arrived at the beginning 15 years of continuous occupation   htt…
If you want a president with a proven record of fighting the  join us:  
Arkansans: our meet ; greet w/ Heidi at the AR GOP HQ in Little Rock has been moved to 1:30pm! RSVP to join us: 
I am saddened by the news of Fred Thompson’s passing. Heidi and I will keep his family in our thoughts and prayers. 
 Help keep his momentum going. Donate today   
 Very sweet⏩The 1 Photo Of During The Debate That Has Everyone Talking    
 This Ted Cruz debate line blew away a veteran focus-group pollster  
 How did end his big week? By pheasant hunting in Iowa  
 Ted Cruz. Pheasants. Iowa. Steve King. Two kills. An afternoon-; 
  Join our grassroots army of courageous conservatives to help reignite the promise of America:  
 In Iowa, “it was a Texan who appeared to attract the wildest cheers and most widespread standing ovation” 
If you’ve joined us on the campaign trail, you’ve likely seen Now get to know him a little better: 
  has done exactly what he said he would do. Even when he stood alone. A consistent conservative who stands 4 Amer…
Awesome! 
Thanks for hosting us 
 Some scenes from pheasant hunt with this evening in Akron, Iowa: 
  and talk post-hunt with Jack Zimmerman, who was injured in Afghanistan in the 101st airborne 
  has arrived to pheasant hunt, toting a Beretta 
 🎃  
 Thank you for your support and prayers!
  father Pastor Rafael Cruz is now speaking at   
How about the GOP nominates a candidate as committed to conservative principles as Obama is to liberal principles? 
Thanks to the over 77,000 of you who have signed up to volunteer with our campaign:  
What is your family planning for Halloween?   
 Strong voter interest in Iowa in 
 booth still packed with supporters more than a half hour after his speech.  
A ton of courageous conservatives at the  this morning! Let's reignite the promise of America! 
  has a Halloween-themed booth at  this morning in Des Moines: 
 "Always stand for liberty." ~ Ted Cruz
  has zombies at  I said "do something scary." 
The persecution of Christians -- in Iran, China, or America -- is simply wrong 
I, for one, would rather stand with heroes like Bonhoeffer, than the tyrants who inflicted unspeakable evil 
Justice Kennedy is holding up the Nazis as exemplars for the current  
When a  justice compares his own lawless rulings to the draconian oppression of Nazis that really says it all 
 SC Rep Wendy Nanney speaking on behalf of for President. 
  scores points + cash in   
If you want a fighter for your next President, I'm asking for your support:  
Let's  with my Simple Flat Tax Plan: Read more: 
 End the political corruption in Washington. Support  
 Download the stencil here:   
 thank you so much for your support!
  WATCH and  our new video: When the media attacks, fights back! 
Thank you for the kind words, Gov.​!  
Help us break the   
  "demonstrated that he had the capability to truly outperform the other candidates”  
  “I think over the next 2-3 weeks, you’re going to see numbers go up."  
YOU can help us break the  Join the  today:  
The  just gave President Obama a diamond encrusted, glow-in-the-dark AmEx card: 
 Ted Cruz campaign announces how much money it raised in 22 hours following CNBC debate  
  announces his campaign raised $1.1 million in 22 hours after 3rd  debate.  
 Absolutely. Great to join you!
 Senator - thanks for coming on and for hustling back from out West to be on set- see you in WI for t…
 Thank you Peggy!
Want to  Learn more about my Simple Flat Tax plan here:  
 Here's announcing he's raised over $1.1 million since the start of  a period of about 22 hours: 
 This is awesome! pumpkin carved by TN  Knox Co. leader 
  live with on     
 LISTEN: Rush Limbaugh: scares the hell out of the Republican establishment:  
 Yet again sees spike in fundraising post-debate: $772k raised as of midnight.  
  scored the best line of last night's  and the best line my focus group has ever heard.
Please  what​ had to say about my new Simple Flat Tax Plan   
 Every break came over to the family to be with the girls  
Wow. That's awesome, Angie! 
 thank you!
  wins social media in 
  Burns CNBC Moderators: This is Why Americans Don’t Trust the Media   
WATCH and  my discussion with​ about what he thought was the line of last night's  
 Wonderful photo of loving on his sweet daughters during a break in the action.  
  “We ought to have questions that focus on our vision for America.”   
Watch here:    
 What was Facebook's top social moment? early fiery attack on the questions being asked. 
 Help choose our next President:  
Everyone talks about the need to take on DC. The natural next question is who has actually done so?  
  criticizes moderators for pitting GOP candidates against each other. --   
 help us build on our  momentum. Contribute $5 or more now: 
My tax plan would allow us to eliminate the IRS!   
Join the    
 if you agree we need to  
Join the    
 If you only watch 20 seconds of the  make it this masterpiece 
 if you want to talk about substantive issues people care about in this   
How about we talk about the substantive issues the American people care about? 
My simple flat tax plan will allow the economy to create 4.9 million jobs   
I’m a fighter. I am passionate about what I believe. And I’ve been passionate my entire life about the Constitution. 
 Read about tax plan than has raving:  
It's  time! join us here: 
Thank you! 
 Tune in watch debate tonight at 8PM ET on CNBC!
Thank you Alison! 
30 minutes to go!   Join us online:  
 The final 15 months of Obama presidency will be like "Lord of the Flies," tells TheBlaze TV 
 Just under two hours until the start of the   
Get ready for the  -- order your  gear with a debate day 20% discount  
 Spotted in Boulder: street art  
 Discussing tonight's debate with hopefully the next President of the United States. 
  Help put tonight’s  on   
 walk through complete. Tune in tonight at 8 pm ET! 
 thanks so much -- keep it up!
 Looking for a true  who has proven it again ; again? It's The man fit for the White House. 
 Thank you!
 Putting it in perspective with help from 
The view outside tonight's  
 Smart piece by on why is running the best campaign in the 2016 presidential race.  
Thank you so much! 
 
 Don't forget to tune in to tonight's  at 8 pm ET! to remind your friends! 
Celebrating Catherine's fifth birthday in Boulder! 
In case you were wondering what it looks like from the podium...  
The  stage is set! 
Awesome!   
 appreciate both of y'all's support!
Thanks so much Marcie! 
 ICYMI: An exclusive interview with the man who thinks he can consolidate the conservative vote — 
  taps to chair Texas campaign effort: is allover it  via 
 Get ready for tomorrow's  with highlights from the  
Thank you, Lt. Gov. for serving as our Cruz for President TX Chairman!   
  calls "Dark Horse" candidate with Millennial appeal  
Thank you for watching and for your support! 
 Tune into right now for highlights from interview w/ last night: 
 thank you for signing up! You can get started with  today: 
 thank you Donna -- greatly appreciate your support!
 thank you Rachel! Have you signed up to volunteer? 
 thanks for watching! Keep spreading the word!
  "Cruz is inarguably thoroughbred conservative."  read what else he said about 
Every child in America, regardless of race or ethnicity, wealth or zip code has the right to a quality education 
Now is the time for a consistent conservative who walks the walk:  Join us: 
 If you miss tonight’s interview with catch it on demand on tv. 
  Makes an Argument That Needs To Be Made Over and Over in 2016----; 
 Rush Limbaugh on today: "Cruz is inarguably thoroughbred conservative”   
 One-on-one with at 5pm ET on Watch live or on demand:  
 Excited to have and on my show this week.  
 Honored to join publicly with ; in endorsing for President. 
  is a man of his word, and will do what he says." I am honored to join his team as Texas Co-Chair.  htt…
 It is an honor to join the team. Looking forward to the months ahead! 
  will unite our party and the nation behind a positive vision for the future of the country.  
 I believe Senator Cruz will unite our party and the nation behind a positive vision for the future of the country. 
 Excited to announce my endorsement of for President! We need a Texan in the White House!
 ICYMI: and endorse    
   
 Today I called for an end to sanctuary city policies in Texas ; explained how to do it.    
I enjoy defending the Second Amendment, but exercising it is a lot of fun too!  
 Read my letter to the Dallas County Sheriff explaining why sanctuary cities will NOT be tolerated in Texas. 
Honored to have you on board!   
Americans are looking for a consistent conservative who has walked the walk:    
Plenty of people have talked a good game on the campaign trail, but haven't walked the walk: 
  on "My job in Texas is to make sure he has the biggest haul of delegates possible on March 1."
It's an honor to announce the support of three terrific Texans today at our  HQ! 
"I'm honored to be the Texas Chairman for the Cruz for President campaign!" - 
"I'm pleased to offer my support to - 
"I'm proud to support for President of the United States" - 
 Here's the news release for news conference with set to start soon here in Houston: 
Watch live here:    
 Tune in now to watch my press conference with 
Watch live: and at  HQ at 9:10 am:  
Join us ; defend our 2nd Amendment right to keep ; bear arms:    
 Cruz received perhaps the best response from the crowd, earning multiple rounds of applause  
Was working on my impression while in Iowa this weekend… 
 Ted does a very good me! 
November 14th: join our Rally to  in Greenville, SC. RSVP here:  
Take a stand for the rule of law:   
 Let's  and break the   
The stakes of this election are high: Join us: 
A write-up on one of our recent town halls in Council Bluffs. Hope you'll read and :   
A pleasure talking about a lifelong passion of mine—defending the Tenth Amendment—w/ the Iowa Grassroots Coalition! 
Thank you Iowa  for starting your day with us at Cecil's Cafe! 
If you're in Iowa, we hope you'll join the  on the trail today:  
 if you couldn't make it to our town hall in Council Bluffs, Iowa last night, you can watch it here: 
You're right!  Thx for all you do, and keep it up.... 
  Town Hall in Council Bluffs, Iowa – LIVE at 8:30pm ET on C-SPAN  
Thanks so much to the courageous conservatives who joined us this afternoon at Garrison Coffee House in Clarinda, IA 
  talks to Iowa voters ; joins us on  5p ET 
Have you RSVPed to attend our 11/14 Rally to  If not, don't wait:  
This ought to be a clear choice: With whom do you stand? The American people or violent felons? Pass  
Hope you’ll join us! More info:  
Enter NOW for your chance to join me to watch Seattle take on Dallas on November 1st:  
Add your name if you agree it's time to pass   
Iowa  Hope to see you tomorrow: 
Pass   
We must keep our promise to the American people and vote on a  of Obamacare! 
RSVP now to join our 11/14 Rally to  in Greenville, SC:  
 New from expands TN team with 9 tea party-aligned state lawmakers:  
 Thank you Amanda!
Stand with the American people. Stand for the rule of law. Pass  your name:  
 Texas Files Suit Against Federal Government over Unconstitutional Obamacare Tax: 
 Want to join the CruzCrowd? Every donation counts:  Join today and enter the CruzCrowd challenge!…
Join the   
Stand with the American people — the people we should be protecting. Pass  
Iowans: I hope to see you tomorrow! Find an event near you and RSVP here:    
Stand with the American people -- not with convicted felons. Pass  now!  
We should have a standalone vote on  and we should have it now! 
The  is furious that anyone would dare highlight their repeated mendacity:  
RSVP today for our November 14th Rally for Religious Liberty in Greenville, South Carolina:  
 Ted Cruz joins The Factor tonight to discuss the anarchy in the Senate over immigration laws -- 
Join the  -- download our app and get started helping the campaign today:   
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ I laughed 
This past week I publicly called for Secretary Kerry's resignation:  
Help break the   
 Check out the preview of exclusive interview with  presidential candidate 
Secretary Kerry is utterly unfit for his office. Demand his resignation:   
And sign up to volunteer here:   
 Our blog post features 4 WWII  Homes residents from an trip to DC  
  hits Dems on immigration: Do you stand with murderers who keep being released?  
The sad reality is Washington IS working, but not for us. It’s working for the   
Live NOW on the radio with Listen here:   
 Tune in for The Laura Ingraham Show will be joining us in just a few minutes!
 listen live here:  
Iowans: hope to see you at one or more of these events through the end of the month: 
  hits Dems on immigration: 'With whom do you stand?'  
Wishing a very happy birthday to my friend and tireless fighter for liberty,
Awesome! 
 ICYMI =&gt; I was on discussing ending Medicaid participation for affiliates in Texas 
Join us and help defend freedom on the internet:   
The threats to free speech, under big government statists, have never been greater:  
We must send the message that defiance of our laws will no longer be tolerated.  
 Go on Senate floor exposing Sanctuary Cities scandal.
   
Sanctuary cities are inexcusable. They are a threat to the safety of the American people. And they must end now: 
I thank Gov. for his principled commitment to protecting the lives of unborn children.  
Join us:      
 needs you! Get started raising money, recruiting members ; tracking your progress  
 You're retweeted. By Ted Cruz. 
  
I encourage every state to follow Texas’ lead in stopping taxpayer funds from going to Planned Parenthood 
 Thank you Ken!
If you don't have the  app yet, download it and start earning badges today:  
Join the   
A refreshing voice of reason and clarity at Harvard speaking up for Israel:  
 Congrats, for breaking record for the most time in space by an American. 
 Ted Cruz Demands Kerry Resign Over Israel Criticism 
Texas has acted to  Has your state?  
 Texas completely ends taxpayer funding for Planned Parenthood. Harvesting baby parts will not be tolerated.  
Honored to have your support, 
 -- we need YOUR help in order to win this campaign. Sign up to volunteer here:   
  wins statewide NC tea party caucus with 51%:   
Thank you  for your support in the North Carolina Tea Party Constitutional Caucus 
Always enjoy the chance to catch up with my friend 
In case you missed my remarks at  live, you can watch them here:   
 Greatly appreciate your very kind words!
 thank you!
Washington does not want to repeal Obamacare. The only way to do it is to make this election a referendum on repealing Obamacare. 
Obamacare is a disaster. It is a train wreck. And we should repeal every word of it.  
I can't think of a better question than "who has stood up to Washington?" to help decide this race. 
I believe 2016 will be an election like 1980. It took Carter to give us Reagan, so I can't wait to see where we're headed next. 
Listen to all the stories told at our Rally for Religious Liberty here:   
  tells 8,000 people at  he is seeing a spirit of revival across America. 
As Solicitor General, and I defended the Texas Capitol Ten Commandments monument at  and we won! 
Today, I want to talk about the threats we're seeing to religious liberty in this country. 
I'm here today with a word of hope and encouragement because people are waking up. We're seeing a revival across this nation. 
We all came out here this afternoon because we recognize our country is in crisis. 
It's great to be home amongst so many friends today at the 
 we're live now at  Watch here: 
 Just spoke with at   He says it's critical for Christians to stand-up ; vote our values. 
 Watch live:    
A pleasure to sit down with Meet the Press's Chuck Todd. Hope you'll watch ;  our FULL interview here:  
Can’t make it in person? Watch live online here:  
  it's Meet the Press. Watch exclusive interview with THIS MORNING  
Thank you  
  speaking to       
 Ted Cruz standing on top of a rock speaking to NH voters. Says he doesn't pander much..."but Tom Brady was framed!" 
 Kaye Goolsby and a few of our incredible county chairs!    
 rally in Contoocook, NH this morning  
Rallying with supporters in advance of the 603 Alliance Caucus in Contoocook, NH!  
Get your  gear today!  
 SUNDAY EXCLUSIVE: joins on  -- Tune in! 
 Thanks for watching  this week. joins Sunday morning because  it's  
  calls for Sectary Kerry to resign for saying he believes Israel is behind terror  
Sadly, persecution of religious liberty has found its way to 50-yard line at Bremerton HS:  
  Scott Kelly breaks US record for most days in space  
 THIS SUNDAY: sits down with exclusively - tune in!  
 Nov. 14: Rally for Religious Liberty in Greenville, SC:  RSVP HERE:  
 May you rest in peace, Thanks for the memories, and your legacy will reign on:  
 We've added some new items at  to help you get ready for fall! Order now! 
 should resign:  
 SUNDAY EXCLUSIVE: joins w - here's his July  interview  
Help defeat the  Sign up to take the  Challenge:  
  to TIME TO GO  via 
Sec. Kerry should immediately disavow these offensive assertions about Israel or resign: 
 Ted Cruz’ wife to open Reno campaign office 
Under Barack Obama's failed big govt policies, the top 1% earn a higher share of our income than any year since 1928 
 
 Cash on hand:Cruz: $13.5mCarson: $11.5mRubio: $11mBush: $10.3m
 ICYMI: to report $13.5 million cash on hand—at or near the top of the GOP field  
  finds deep support in Kalona Join the   
 Sign up Now!!    
 African American Conservatives Unite Behind Sen. for President:   
The  was more socialism, more pacifism, more weakness, and a whole lot less Constitution: 
Democrats attacked NRA—an org that defends the Bill of Rights—14 times, but only mentioned Israel once:  
Download the  app ; earn 10,000 Action Points by 11/15 to get a free bumper sticker  
  on  "It was more socialism, more pacifism, more weakness ; a whole lot less Constitution." 
  The Democrats attacked the 14 times but only mentioned Israel once.  
  rocks the web with game-style app  
  is LIVE now on  Channel – are you watching?
  taping w/ will be on tonight 9:00pm ET Tune in    
Momentum is building! Honored to have Paul Pressler's support for our campaign.  Join us: 
Stand for liberty. Join us:   
Long past time Iran release all Americans help prisoner by this despotic regime:   
Download the  app here:  
 Cruz:  offered "a recipe to destroy a country"  
 Download the app here:    
The first thing I plan to do as President is rescind every illegal and unconstitutional action taken by Barack Obama! 
 We're in third place in the latest Fox News poll! Help us build the momentum:  
Spoke with Sean Hannity about rising to third place in the new Fox News poll and more. WATCH:  
Many thanks to the courageous conservatives who started this morning with us in Kalona, IA!  
 . at birthplace of Captain James T. Kirk yesterday. If you vote for Cruz you will live long and prosper. 
At the future birthplace of James Tiberius Kirk: Riverside, Iowa. To boldly go where no man has gone before.... 
10pm ET -- I talk with on Hope you'll tune in!
On my 1st day in the White House I'll instruct DoJ to investigate Planned Parenthood. Join us  
  in third in new Fox News poll:     
  at The Burlington Pot in     
BREAKING: The latest Fox News poll has us in third place with 10%! Join the movement:  
Enjoyed meeting with friends in in Keokuk, IA this afternoon. Thanks to Beef, Bread, and Brew​ for hosting us! 
  great crowd in Keokuk     
  
 In Iowa offers his choice for House speaker 
With regard to Russia, we don't need a reset... we need a reality check:  
Glad you could join us! 
Listen to the full interview here:  
 I'm live NOW with -- listen here: 
Iowans: we have stops across the Hawkeye this month. Join us:   
Thanks  for a terrific Q3 ; for helping us start Q4 strong with over $1 million raised in the first 9 days! 
 Join the   
Great joining Sen. Rep. and so many friends in Sioux City tonight!  
 WATCH: the moment is coming:    
Thanks to in Rockwell City, IA, for hosting a bunch of hungry courageous conservatives for lunch today! 
  raises $1 million in first nine days of 4th quarter  
Help start a revolution, empower the PEOPLE, and build the CROWD.Join  today:  
 Pizza and Politics- Sen. Ted Cruz talks to folks at Pizza Ranch in Rockwell City, Iowa 
  raised $1m in the first nine days of Q4 -- yes, Q4 -- 
Thanks for starting your day off with us Fort Dodge, IA! Let's reignite the promise of America together! 
Even more evidence of the implacable hostility of the Iranian regime towards America.  
Hope to see you there:  
Enter now for your chance to win  camo gear:  
Thank you  for a terrific third quarter! On to victory! 
I enjoyed speaking with North Carolina Lt. Gov recently. If you missed our discussion, listen here: 
Iowans: we'll be traveling across the Hawkeye State throughout October. Find an event near you and join us: 
  
 Horns! 🐂 Congrats on a great win!
Stop the  
It's time for a new path that puts Putin on notice that the US is reclaiming our role as leader of the free world: 
Thank you to our top ten  app users! Download it and join them today:  
 Family, friends and all on a Friday night! Have a great weekend! 
My thoughts ; prayers are with the Israeli people who are enduring a new escalation of Palestinian terrorism 
 ICYMI: audio/transcript of long intv Thursday w/ on what House should do next: 
Get ready for fall -- enter now to win your  camo gear:  
With regard to Russia and Syria, we don't need a reset -- we need a reality check. New op-ed: 
IOWANS: we have events across the Hawkeye State throughout the month of October. Find one near you and join us: 
Thank you  
  
  on fire right now.  
Great to start the day with the men and women of the​. The fight to defend liberty never ends!  
 . currently speaking.    
 The Question Sierra Club’s President Didn’t Want to Answer 
 Cruz for President Announces $26.5 Million Raised Since Campaign Launch; $12.2 Million Raised in Q3 
Obligation to follow fed law doesn’t go away simply because we have a lawless POTUS who refuses to follow fed law 
It’s time to bring constitutional conservatism back to the White House. Join us:   
  Cosponsors Bill to Withhold Federal Funds from Sanctuary Cities -&gt; 
As President I'll defend the Second Amendment, the Bill of Rights, and Constitutional rights of every American:  
 "God bless Kuhner Country! I love Kuhner Country!"
I introduced legislation to crack down on sanctuary cities: Add your name if you're with me 
 VIDEO: One question about  the president of the didn't want to answer. 
  joins at 2:30 today! Tune in on AM 680 or  
If you’re looking for someone who'll fight DC, ask which candidate has a record of doing so:  
 ICYMI: announces campaign leaders in every county of first four nominating states  
Sadly, our enemies are learning America can be trifled with. We must restore America's leadership in the world 
 This is now the second-most read article I have ever written
 Ted Cruz announces campaign leaders in every county of first four nominating states  
  adds a weekend trip to Iowa this month, bringing planned stops to 20 in October.   
I am excited to have the support of such an accomplished group of courageous conservatives in Michigan:  
WATCH:  
  When Makes His Move, Watch Out: 
 Ted Cruz: Russia-US Tensions Increasing Over Obama-Clinton's Weak Foreign Policy 
 Cruz for President announces county chairs in every county in first four states   
 Ted Cruz on Syria: We should STOP engaging in the fiction of trying to find ‘moderate rebels’ 
Want to know what the Obama/Clinton foreign policy of leading from behind produces? Watch and : 
  + gem + shutdown bullpen =  winners!    
I’m grateful for the courageous conservatives in early states who've stepped forward to lead that movement  
The only way we will turn our country around is through a grassroots uprising of the American people  
 Ted Cruz repeatedly grills Sierra Club president with simple question — watch answer he gets  
We’ll gladly return the favor and send campaign  because, well... 
Join us!  
 It was a packed house for Senator rally and he got more than a dozen standing ovations in Kalamazoo, MI: 
 Want to join the CruzCrowd? Every donation counts:  Join today and enter the CruzCrowd challenge…
Sadly, removal of a similar  monument from OK Capitol is latest chapter in an ongoing assault on religious liberty in the US
As TX SG, I was honored to successfully defend the  monument that still stands at the TX Capitol. 
Recruit your friends, help raise funds, and track your progress. Join  for a new way to help the campaign: 
  looks like great weather down there! Although, I'd be fine with any weather.   
Support the campaign from wherever you are. Download the  app today:
 Rush Limbaugh is right: is most-principled candidate:   
 NV Assembly Majority Whip Endorses for President  
Thank you for the warm welcome today, Kalamazoo!     
 Want to join the CruzCrowd? Every donation counts:  Join today and enter the CruzCrowd challenge! 
In Michigan ; across America we’re seeing the old Reagan coalition coming together. Join us:  
 Thank you  
  in Kalamazoo today.  
 The Hill: "slow and steady path to 2016 presidential victory”   
Enjoyed meeting so many courageous conservatives for a town hall in Kalamazoo, MI! Join us:  
Heidi and my prayers are with the people of South Carolina, many of whom have suffered immense loss: 
 To honor the ; BOTH making the playoffs I decided to have the dinner of champions 
I'd encourage every state to stand up and lead in the fight to  
New Hampshire in the fall, at a farm, in a sack race with Caroline and Catherine. No surprise, the girls won! 
Caroline and Catherine enjoying a New Hampshire favorite.  
   
 Want to join the  Every donation counts:  Join today!    
 Want to join the CruzCrowd? Every donation counts:  Join today and enter the CruzCrowd challenge! 
 Want to join the CruzCrowd? Every donation counts:  Join today and enter the CruzCrowd challenge!…
 Want to join the CruzCrowd? Every donation counts:  Join today and enter the CruzCrowd challenge! 
Thanks to for hosting our town hall in Wolfeboro, NH this afternoon! 
 A little mini-golf. Sen.  hits the links with his daughters 
Life lessons w/ Catherine while mini golfing. Sometimes you get a hole-in-one. Sometimes you get stuck under a castle 
States should stand up and lead to   
 Proud to announce my new role as Massachusetts chairman of for President. Ted is the leader America needs! 
  speaking at      
On my first day as President I'll instruct the DoJ to investigate Planned Parenthood  
 Want to join the CruzCrowd? Every donation counts:  Join today and enter the CruzCrowd challenge!…
 Want to join the CruzCrowd? Every donation counts:  Join today and enter the CruzCrowd challenge! 
 Join the CruzCrowd! Every donation counts:  Join today and enter the CruzCrowd challenge! 
 take the  challenge, recruit your friends, and help reignite the promise of America: 
Nothing like a little time at the griddle when visiting the  
  getting educated on jewelry from his two daughters      
People are looking for a leader who behaves the same after Election Day as he does before Election Day: 
 joins Sean. Listen online:  
 
  to Serve as Mass. Chairman for For President    
180 years ago today, Texians in Gonzales responded to Santa Anna's demand to hand over their cannon  
  kicks off a  campaign swing at a faith conference in Nashua    via
Great to start the morning in Nashua, NH with Pastors and Pews! 
 HEY Y'ALL! Thank you everyone! I just wanted to say I love y'all today! I'm feeling better. Should be home soon!! 
We need leadership in Washington that will actually stand up, lead and fight! Join us:  
 I'll be live on the in just a few minutes. Listen here: 
Accept the  challenge -- sign up ; get started today:   
I'm proud to stand with PM and the nation of Israel. if you are too! 
Heidi and I send our prayers for a full recovery,  
 Mark Levin: ‘Ted Cruz is the Most Consistently Conservative Candidate Running’  
 Show your support for the campaign. Get your bumper stickers today:  
 ICYMI: Listen to what Rush Limbaugh had to say about yesterday:   
 Join CruzCrowd! Every donation counts:  Join today ; enter CruzCrowd challenge!  Donate…
 Want 2 join the CruzCrowd? Every donation counts:  Join today and enter the CruzCrowd challenge 
 
MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Help us finish this fundraising quarter strong. Please contribute and :  
We're down to just hours until the end of this fundraising quarter. Stand with us before midnight tonight:  
It's an honor to earn IA Sen. Randy Feenstra's support ; I look forward to working w/ him as we compete to win Iowa 
Did you hear what Rush Limbaugh said today? LISTEN: Join our campaign: 
 What did Rush Limbaugh say about today?LISTEN: Stand with Ted before midnight: 
This is what a Cruz Admin would look like. We need your help to make it a reality:   
We've got a critical fundraising deadline TONIGHT at midnight -- can we count on YOUR support now?  
Honored to have these Liberty leaders join the  Join the movement: 
I am thrilled to have the support of these principled  leaders: Join us:  
 Want to join the CruzCrowd? Every donation counts:  Join today and enter the CruzCrowd challenge!…
 Get started with a new way to help the campaign. Sign up for  today:  
If you want a proven consistent conservative fighter for President, stand with us now:  
 In show of home-state prowess, to unveil endorsements from 36 state reps and five state senators 
Will join tonight on -- tune in at 9pm CT! 
It's time we    
 WATCH: climbs to top of this week's Fox News 2016 Presidential Power Index  
 READ: exposes what is really happening in Washington:     
 Help reignite the promise of America. Sign up for  ; get started today:  
It's the first crowdfunding platform for a Presidential campaign.Sign up and get started today:  
We have a revolutionary new way for YOU to get active in our campaign to reignite the promise of America:  
Thrilled to have Congressman Barr, a proven defender of liberty in this country, chair our Liberty Leaders coalition 
Our Constitutional rights are under attack like never before and we must fight back:  
 Cruz for President announces “Liberty Leaders for Cruz" coalition:   
 Ted Cruz snags former Ron Paul supporters 
 Sen. Cruz: The REAL story of what is happening in Washington 
We should not give $500 million to a corrupt organization that is selling unborn children's body parts  
 23 reasons why The Princess Bride is the most important movie ever  
  
 is one of several new leaders in Congress that will stand up for conservative principles every time 
I'm honored to have the support of for our campaign to reignite the promise of America! 
 "We have an impressive field for the 2016 elections, but we need a president who will march into the White House... 
Insulated communist leaders need to hear the call for human rights loud and clear: 
 New this afternoon — lands his sixth congressional endorsement from his home state: 
 should demand Pastor Saeed Abedini’s unconditional release — and he should do it now!  
Glad to welcome Max Schanfarber to the  as our U.S. Virgin Islands Campaign Chairman!  
 LIVE NOW: Major Mars mystery revealed! Watch live on NASA TV ; use  for questions:  
Republicans can still do the right thing, stand for principle, and   
Thanks to the courageous conservatives at  who helped us win three years in a row: 
Was great to join Fox and Friends Sunday from our new  HQ in Iowa: 
 My man says that we should rename the plaza outside the Chinese embassy after Liu Xiaobo. I agree: 
Join us and help lead the fight to reignite the promise of America:    
Help us build on this momentum and finish the fundraising quarter strong:     
I am humbled and honored to have the support of so many Christian Conservatives  
 Ted Cruz Wins Values Voter Summit Straw Poll - Texas Senator Ted Cruz has won the Values Voter Summit's straw poll... 
Stopped by Rustic Brew​ in Hampton this afternoon for a little refuel and conversation with Iowans! 
Honored for the support of courageous conservatives at  Let's reignite the promise of America together! 
 Today marks 3 years since my husband,Pastor Saeed Abedini,has been in prison in Iran because of his Christian faith: ht…
Thank you  for the warm welcome today! Together we'll reignite the promise of America: 
 WATCH: a consistent conservative you can trust:    
If you missed my speech at  live, watch it here: 
If conservatives unite, we win. So I'm here at  today asking you to stand with us: 
The Reagan Revolution didn't come from Washington. Washington despised Ronald Reagan. It came from millions of Americans rising up. 
I will go to Congress and we will pass a simple flat tax. And when we do that, we should  
We will finally, finally, finally secure our border and put an end to sanctuary cities! 
We will rebuild our military. We will honor the commitments made to our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines! 
I will instruct the Department of Education -- which should be abolished -- that Common Core ends TODAY! 
I will also go to Congress and we will repeal every word of Obamacare!  
Fifth, I will begin the process of moving the American embassy in Israel to Jerusalem -- the once and eternal capital of Israel 
If you vote for me, under no circumstances will Iran be allowed to acquire nuclear weapons. 
The threat of a nuclear Iran is the single greatest national security threat facing America. 
Fourth, I will rip to shreds this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal!  
Third, I will instruct DOJ, IRS, and every other federal agency that the persecution of religious liberty ends TODAY! 
The second thing I intend to do is instruct DOJ to open an investigation into Planned Parenthood and these horrible videos. 
The first thing I plan to do as President is rescind every illegal and unconstitutional executive action. 
But I want to come to you with a word of hope and encouragement because the American people are waking up and help is on the way! 
Every one of us know our country is in crisis. We know this isn't a typical time in politics. 
I'm so honored to be back with so many friends at  today.
God bless the Values Voter Summit! 
Thank you for the terrific introduction at 
Live in just a moment at  Watch here: 
 "We're a nation founded on  It's who we are"  
Speaking at  around 10:15 am ET. Watch live here: 
 Strong "Will we put President Xi on notice that for America, human rights are no longer ‘off the table'?"
Republicans should stand up and fight to   
Republicans need to act like Republicans. Together, we need to actually honor the commitments to those who elected us 
Get your  camo gear! Order today:  
Republicans should stand and fight to   
Thanks for your support! 
  
On the upcoming CR, we should fund the entire federal government, but we should decline to fund Planned Parenthood: 
 Gabriella Hoffman writes an excellent article on why Ted Cruz is the Best Candidate for Millennials  
 from the 2013 Values Voter Summit. Join us again around 10 am this Friday, 9/25:  
I hope during Pope Francis's visit we're each reminded of our call to see every person with eyes of Christ  
 Just in: Vatican spokesman says Pope Francis has met with Little Sisters of the Poor, who are suing over ACA contracepti…
It's time we stand by our principles and fight to   
We can win if we take the case to the American people. Show the Planned Parenthood videos. Stand united. 
 Opinion via The Republican Party’s surrender politics  | AP Photo 
It's time we stand for principle: It's time we  
It's time we fight for commonsense conservative principles and use the the power of the purse to do so: 
Obama fights relentlessly for his liberal priorities while GOP leadership responds by surrendering at the outset 
May Pope Francis inspire us to treat all with charity, pray for the persecuted ; speak out for those without a voice 
Proud to add these courageous conservatives to the  in Arizona:  Join us:  
If elected, I'll instruct DOJ to investigate Planned Parenthood   
I wish all our Jewish friends a meaningful fast this Yom Kippur 
  “Dems in media don’t want to talk about the fact that today Senate Dems stood virtually united in support of lat…
  on why his campaign is successful: “Speaking the truth ; speaking it with a smile has power.”  
Glad to welcome these courageous conservatives to the  in Georgia! 
 Show your support for our campaign. Visit  to get your gear today! 
Add your name if you agree it's time we stand for OUR principles to   
 asked if there’s a question I’d like for him to  tonight… What do you say, 
Wishing a very happy birthday to my friend, -- keep fighting for liberty!
 TONIGHT: catch on at 11:35 pm ET! 
 Cruz for President announces additions to Iowa, Georgia, and Nevada State Leadership Teams:  
I wish Gov. and Tonette all the best in their continued service to Wisconsin and the country: 
TONIGHT: Will join on CBS's​. Tune in at 11:35 pm ET and tell your friends! 
Americans are looking for someone w/ record of standing up to  No one has done so the way I have.
 Listen as delivers powerful message on  "Stand against Planned Parenthood" 
Get ready for fall with  camo gear — order here:  
I'm proud to stand and fight with Iowa's to   
 Tonight on  and Don Henley! Trivia question: Which one of these guests is a member of…
Now is no time to surrender. Republicans should stand up ; fight to   
  
GOP must stop surrendering ; start standing for our principles!   
 Ted Cruz visiting the Machine Shed today.  
 Enjoyed a great conversation with on tune in Friday's at 7 Sunday's at noon to full coverage 
A pleasure to sit down with for  this morning! Let's reignite the promise of America! 
Great time at last night's Faith and Freedom Coalition Fall Dinner. If you missed my remarks you can watch them here: 
Thanks to all the courageous conservatives at tonight's Faith and Freedom Coalition Fall Dinner for the warm welcome! 
With your help, for once we're going to nominate a GOP candidate as committed to conservative values as Obama is committed to liberal values
When it comes to religious liberty, it is a core passion of mine that I've spent over 20 years defending.
In 2016, don't listen to campaign rhetoric. Look at each candidate's record.
I am leading the fight in the Senate against this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal
If I'm elected President, the United States will once again stand unapologetically with the nation of Israel!
The biggest difference between me and the other candidates is when I say I'm going to do something, that's exactly what I'm going to do
On my first day as President we will begin to move our embassy in Israel to Jerusalem
I was particularly honored to receive the endorsement of of America for our presidential campaign
Show your support for the campaign. Order your  gear today: 
It was a pleasure to join  today with a word of hope ; encouragement because the American people are waking up: 
 biggest difference between me and others on debate stage? I'm going to do exactly what I said I'll do, says
  we are a frugal campaign...our new campaign car      
 Thank you  Over $1 million raised in the 48 hours following the   
Together we will restore that last best hope of all mankind, the United States of America 
What ties us all together as Americans is that we are all the children of those who risked everything for freedom 
It came from the American people and it turned this nation around. I'm optimistic because the same thing is happening again. 
The Reagan Revolution didn't come from Washington. Washington despised Ronald Reagan. 
I will go to Congress and we will pass fundamental tax reform. We will pass a simple flat tax. And then we should  
If elected, I will instruct the Department of Education -- which should be abolished -- that Common Core ends today 
We will repeal every word of Obamacare 
The biggest difference between me and the other candidates is when I tell you I'm going to do something that's exactly what I will do. 
 4th thing would do? ‘Rip to shreds this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal’ 
But I'm here today with a word of hope and encouragement because the American people are waking up. 
We're here today because our nation is in crisis. We're here because our constitutional rights are under assault like never before. 
Join us live from  live now: 
Will speak at the Mackinac Republican Leadership Conference around 11 am CT. Watch live here:  
Happy birthday to the and thank you to all those who serve! 
  The difference between myself ; other candidates? I'm gonna do what I say I'm gonna do -OTR  
Miss my remarks at the  live? Watch and  the video: 
If I am elected President, the world will know that America is back 
It is worth remembering Iran released our hostages the day Ronald Reagan was sworn in 
For six and a half years under this President we have abandoned our friends and allies 
The difference between me and the other candidates is when push comes to shove, I will do what I told you I'd do 
 "I want the person picking your doctor to be you, not a government bureaucrat"  
If you have judges behaving like politicians, then they cannot expect to be exempt from the authority of We the People 
I intend to make 2016 a referendum on repealing every word of Obamacare and adopting a simple flat tax 
 "Show me where you stood and fought against career politicians."  
GOP should nominate a candidate as committed to conservative principles as Obama is committed to liberal principles 
If you're looking for someone to go along to get along, I'm not your guy 
We did it before during the Reagan Revolution, and we can do it again with a grassroots army across the country 
If we're going to break the  we have to bring power out of Washington and back to the people 
 TED CRUZ IS ON NOW! 
Live now at the  Watch here: 
 I'll join the  around 5:35 pm ET. Join us live online here: 
Thank you  We're proud to announce our 500th member among our state leadership teams across the country! 
  "is fighting the corruption in both parties exactly like he said he would” 
It's time we stand for OUR principles and   
 Today we celebrate 68 years of excellence. Happy Birthday, U.S. Air Force! 
The people are looking for leaders with a record of standing up to Washington:  
I'm proud to    
We need to stop surrendering and start standing for OUR principles.   
Happy  -- help celebrate by winning a signed pocket Constitution! 
Get your  gear to show your support after last night's   
As President, I'll defend the Constitution -- every single word!  
If elected President I will rip this Iranian nuclear deal to shreds on day one!  
This is what I'll do if elected President. Help make it a reality:    
If elected President, I will fight every day to defend the Bill of Rights!  
If I’m elected President, under no circumstances will Iran ever be allowed to acquire nuclear weapons.   
If you're looking for a consistent conservative for President, I hope you'll join our campaign:  
  "People are looking for a consistent conservative."   
Joining on in just a few minutes. Hope you'll tune in!
If I'm elected President, we’ll kill the terrorists, repeal Obamacare, and defend the Constitution!  
If I'm elected President, we will reignite the promise of America!  
If I'm elected President, our enemies across the world will know the U.S. is not to be trifled with.  
If I’m elected President, our friends and allies across the globe will know that we stand with them.  
I’m honored to be endorsed by as the strongest supporter of  on this stage  
I was proud to lead 31 states before  and win a landmark  victory  
I’ve fought to defend the Constitution my whole life, and I will as President!   
If I’m elected President every single  justice will faithfully follow the law  
We’re frustrated as conservatives because we keep winning elections, but we don’t get results we wanted  
 Join us and help reignite the promise of America!  
 if you agree we need to stop surrendering ; start standing for our principles:   
We must enforce the rule of law!   
Miss any of tonight's answers from the  Here's the video:  
I helped lead the fight in the Senate to stop a massive amnesty plan:   
I am the only candidate on this stage who has never supported amnesty.   
I have been leading the fight to stop this catastrophic nuclear    
I am proud to     
We need to stop surrendering and start standing for our principles!   
I’m proud to stand for life. These Planned Parenthood videos are horrifying.   
This  trusts the Iranians to inspect themselves. This makes no sense!   
We need a Commander in Chief who will stand up and protect this country!   
If I am elected President I will rip to shreds this nuclear    
The single greatest national security threat facing America right now is the threat of a nuclear Iran  
If we stand together, we can bring America back!   
Here we go at the  
We're just moments away from the   tune in now:   
Less than 20 minutes until the   tune in and log on:   
  tune in to the  at 8 pm ET:   
  if you agree!Then  with in tonight's   
 tune in to tonight's  and let's end the  together:  
 get ready for the  — tune in at 8 pm ET ; join us online:   
Just three hours until the  Join us at 8pm ET tonight:   
Have you seen our new TV ad running during tonight's  WATCH: 
 Help us  at the  Tune in at 8 pm ET ; follow along at  
Help us  and stop the catastrophic   
  Help us  in tonight's  Tune in at 8 pm ET and  to remind your friends! 
We have a new TV ad running during tonight’s  Get a sneak peek here:  
 Ted Cruz riffs on Reagan with anti-ISIS campaign ad |  
 Watch Ted Cruz’s fantatsic new TV ad called SCORPION 
Watch and  our new TV ad for tonight's  Then join us here: 
Since the scorpion seeks out destruction, isn’t it time we recognize the scorpion for what it is? 
 Ted Cruz ad uses a scorpion crawling through the desert to depict the threat of Islamic terror 
It's  day! Celebrate with 20% off a  camo hat with discount code “DEBATE"  
Take a stand to   
Join the fight to investigate and   
Three facts about Iran:  Stop the  
Proud to add Constantin ; Jason to our team of courageous conservatives fighting to reignite the promise of America! 
Help make it a reality. Join us:  
Change is coming on January 20, 2017. Join us:  
Tragic news out of Houston. My thoughts and prayers are with family, friends, and loved ones of all those affected 
 now! 
You can support the campaign from anywhere -- download the  app today:  
Join  Prayer Vigil on 9/26 -- the 3-yr anniversary of Pastor Saeed Abedini's unjust imprisonment in Iran. 
Get  gear for your Courageous Conservative in training here:  
We can and should stop this catastrophic   
Not one more taxpayer cent should go to Planned Parenthood!  
Courageous conservatives, join us and help reignite the promise of America:  
Shanah Tovah. Happy new year to our Jewish brothers and sisters observing Rosh Hashanah. 
  wins 9/12 Summit straw poll with 41% of the vote:   
Wow, thank you for your support  
 Ted Cruz wins FreedomWorks for America straw poll at the 9/12 Grassroots Summit 
Get ready for fall with your  camo gear here:  
Republican women are the heart, mind, and soul of the GOP. Honored to join the convention this evening! 
 Sen. says voters are looking for a "consistent" conservative. "With me, you know what you're going to get." 
  thanking the Arizona  for volunteering at the NFRW Convention!   
On At the Iowa/Iowa State game? Look for our filter!  
We shouldn't spend $500 million funding Planned Parenthood:   
 Texas Republican Women contributed 1,907,976 campaign hours during the reporting period, more than any other state! 
 Great crowd after Ted Cruz's excellent speech!  
Iowans: don’t forget to look for our filter on as you get ready for the Iowa/Iowa State game today!  
 Ted Cruz "US Dept of Ed should be abolished" and "Common Core ends on 1st day in office!" 
 Senator Ted Cruz takes the stage at  
A true pleasure to join so many courageous conservatives at the Conference in St. Louis, MO this AM! 
  with the one and only     
 in encourages liberty-minded Republicans to support our campaign  
Please join Heidi ; me in supporting the Chris Kyle Frog ; Lone Survivor foundations in honor of Rick ; Anita Perry: 
In honor of Rick and Anita Perry, we encourage everyone else to do the same:
Thank you, Taya, for Chris's heroic service and your gracious leadership.  
In honor of his passion for our veterans, Heidi ; I have made a contribution to both Lone Survivor Foundation ; Chris Kyle Frog Foundation
The entire GOP field was unquestionably made stronger by the experience ; wisdom brought to the race 
Honored to have such a terrific team of courageous conservatives in Missouri:  
Where were you when you first heard the news 14 years ago today?  
  letter on possible courses of action in aftermath of POTUS breach of Corker-Cardin: 
We owe it to the memory of lives lost to squarely face the ongoing threat of radical Islamic terrorism  
The US should stand with Leopoldo Lopez, not with his oppressors:   
Today we remember the victims of the September 11 terrorist attack:   
Help support our campaign from wherever you are -- download the  app today:   
  — the  is tonight! Who wins the season opener? for the for the
 if you agree with ​that we've got to stop the   
 Hoy esperamos, junto al amor de nuestros hijos, la Libertad. Pronto estaremos todos juntos en casa!  
The Majority Leader ; Speaker have it in their legal authority to STOP the release of over $100 billion to Iran: 
 Breaking: Cruz Pressures Congressional Leadership to Delay Iran Deal Vote  
  How is running the Republican table 
Under no circumstances should Iran be allowed to acquire a nuclear weapon:  
A nuclear Iran is the greatest national security threat facing America. Stop this   
Majority Leader McConnell and Speaker Boehner can and should   
On the radio now with talking  Listen here:  
 if you’re with us!   
Take a stand to   
Let’s get it done:  
No more talk. No more show votes. Let's get it done!Stop this   
Stop this   
No more talk. No more show votes. Let's get this done. Stop this  
Any commander in chief worthy of defending this nation should be prepared to rip to shreds this catastrophic deal 
Mitch McConnell and John Boehner can stop this  if they simply enforce federal law: 
  on  This is a lawless president.
Two men in Washington can defeat this  Their names are Majority Leader McConnell and Speaker Boehner 
If this  goes though, we know with absolute certainty that people will die: 
  on  It is a disgrace for this administration to abandon Americans in Iranian hellholes. 
This vote is likely the most important vote any member of Congress will cast in their career. Stop the  
Never again means never again. We must prevent a nuclear Iran: 
There is no greater threat to the safety and security of America than a nuclear Iran. Help stop the  
This  abandons four American hostages in an Iranian hellhole 
This  is catastrophic. Join the fight to stop it: 
The rally to stop the  is beginning now. Watch live: 
Honored to earn support of​! Join our fight to reignite the promise of America:   
Stop the catastrophic deal with Iran:  
Watch live:   
 Standing firm w/ thousands of Americans today in  ; speaking out at the rally opposing the  
 Stop the   
NEW: Get your  gear for your courageous conservative in training:  
 Two new coalitions for young Americans supporting  
Join Millennials for Cruz and help ensure young people have the same opportunities as generations before them: 
Praise God Kim has been released!   
Praise God Kim Davis is being released. Outrageous she was jailed 6 days for living according to her Christian faith 
 Stand with against this terrible  that jeopardizes U.S. national security:  
Our first priority should be stopping a bad  that jeopardizes the lives of Americans  
We need to address the cause of the migrant crisis -- radical Islamic terrorism is tearing communities apart: 
TOMORROW at 1 pm: Join me ; more at the U.S. Capitol to rally to stop the  
 How Texans do it: $500,000 raised for slain Texas Deputy’s Family: Home Mortgage to be Paid Off.  
Wonderful, uplifting story. True sportsmanship! 
Under the Obama economy, we have seen the lowest labor force participation since the late 1970s: 
Thank you  
 Add your name if you are too! 
If we stand together for working men and women, we will reignite the promise of America: 
Our nation's first freedom is under assault like never before. Take a stand to  
Every Believer, every Constitutionalist, every lover of liberty should stand w/ Kim Davis:  
Get ready for fall with our new line of  camo gear:  
Everyone can show their support and  in different ways. This just happens to be one of the best tasting:
My father visiting the memorial honoring veterans at Young's Park in Knoxville, Iowa. 
The  makes America, Israel, and the rest of our allies less safe. Help stop it: 
 and stand with Kim Davis:  
The  Camo Gear is here! Get yours today:  
  pledges ‘help is on the way’   
  on jailing of Christian KY clerk: "This is wrong. This is not America."  
One thing for which we can all be thankful: college football season is finally back!Who is your team?
I stand with Kim Davis. Add your name if you do too:  
Kingwood was ground zero in our race for the Senate in 2012. Let's do it again in 2016 for White House!  
  “I stand with Kim Davis. Unequivocally.” 
  will be on with tonight    
Can’t thank you enough for your support and your friendship,  
Live NOW on the Tune in here: 
  pledges "help is on the way" in   rally.   
Thank you for joining us! 
 Ted Cruz says "Tom Brady was framed!" Blames it on Hillary Clinton. "Why else do you think she deleted her emails?" 
Thanks so much for joining us! 
Thank you  for making Tyler, Texas  
When the mayor of San Francisco and President Obama resign, then we can talk about Kim Davis:  
 ICYMI: Hear what Ted Cruz said to the media before he took the stage here in East Texas.   
Every Believer, every Constitutionalist, every lover of liberty should   
  endorses while kicking off the  rally in Tyler!  
Wow -- thank you! 
Thank you!  At the rally! 
 Pamela Driver w/ daughter Jamie and son John Paul out here rallying behind  
Where’s the call for Pres. Obama to resign for ignoring ; defying immigration law, welfare reform law ; Obamacare? 
Where is the call for the mayor of San Francisco to resign for creating a sanctuary city?  
I call on every Believer, every Constitutionalist, every lover of liberty to stand w/ Kim Davis—stop the persecution 
  Rally  🇺🇸 was even more amazing in person!! So excited, I'm about to explode!! 😀👏🏻❤️ 
If you couldn't make it to the Fort Worth is  Rally, watch it here: 
 opens up the program - gr8 TX conservative rally  
  we are in      
  in         
Thank you Fort Worth!  
Honored to have your support, Sen.  
Thank you  -- Fort Worth is  
A pleasure speaking with DFW area elected courageous conservatives in Fort Worth this morning  
Great sitting down with this morning before our  rally in Fort Worth! 
Join us today for the Texas is  tour:  
 is a truth-teller, courageous conservative ; powerful voice for liberty. Proud to have his support 
 A short video explaining why I'm supporting for president:
We can work together to come up with alternative ways to ensure govt functions are accomplished w/o infringing on religious liberty.
We should make it possible for believers to hold government jobs without having to violate their religious beliefs: 
Join our rally on Capitol Hill to stop the catastrophic   
  is our best chance to preserve American exceptionalism for the next generation 
 To honor Deputy Goforth ; all law enforcement I'm asking all Texas officers to turn on their red ; blue for 1 minute @ 1…
Even if you can’t donate, it only takes a moment to say “thank you” to those who risk their lives to keep us safe 
To help families of fallen peace officers such as Deputy Gorforth, is taking donations here 
 TEXAS: Join in Fort Worth, Tyler, or Kingwood tomorrow:   
Happy birthday — thank you for fighting for America and thank you for your leadership! 
 Hope to see you in Fort Worth this Thursday:  
 Show your support for our campaign — get your gear here:  
They defend our freedom to worship, we'll defend their freedom to commemorate the sacrifice:  
 calls on TX congressional delegation to reject    Help stop the deal: 
  Brings 'Consistent Conservative' Message Back To New Hampshire    
I am encouraged and honored to have Bill, Shak, and Cynthia head up our leadership team in Virginia: 
 We’ll be joined by Senator coming up NEXT on the Chris Salcedo Show 
Or listen online here:  
 if you stand with law enforcement, fire fighters, EMS, and all our first responders!  
  advocating why he wants to take on the "Washington cartel" to stand up for  - at our NH Town Hall: ht…
Proud to stand w/ law enforcement, fire fighters ; first responders. They're American heroes  
We must stop this catastrophic   
On the radio LIVE with now. Listen here: 
Thrilled to be at our new campaign HQ in NH—together we'll reignite the promise of America!   
Watch LIVE: Grand Opening of our New Hampshire Campaign HQ:   
  @ CVA townhall in NH: If you send me a bill filled w/ pork ; corporate cronyism I will veto it"  
We’re all fed up with politicians who say one thing ; do another. End the   
If I’m elected President, our service men ; women will have their right to keep ; bear arms returned ; protected! 
Couldn’t join the New Hampshire Concerned Veterans for America Town Hall in person? Join us LIVE online:   
This cake at tonight's barbecue in New Hampshire is easily one of my favorites. 
  gets hands on with lobster in Seabrook NH.  
  has a full schedule of events in NH today and tomorrow. Come see him and ask him your Qs! 
 At Brown's Lobster Pound in Seabrook, NH with 
An honor to join courageous conservatives in SC who agree we must   
This  is the height of foolishness: 
Grateful for the warm welcome from so many courageous conservatives in Greer, SC last night:   
Horrific news from my hometown. My prayers are with the family and community. Help find the suspect:  
Truly a privilege to join so many courageous conservatives at the  in South Carolina!   
Greatly appreciate the kind words, 
Paperwork filed in South Carolina. Hope to earn your vote! 
Thank you  -- we're on the ballot in South Carolina!  
Wishing a very happy birthday to Guam 
 I will be LIVE on the in just a few minutes. Listen here: 
 Sen Ted Cruz presidential campaign stop in Greer  
My father, Rafael, saw War Room last night and cannot recommend it highly enough for everyone: 
Enjoyed joining my friend and courageous conservative on this afternoon! 
Our Iowa team demonstrates the strength and diversity of support we are seeing in Iowa and across the country 
Thanks,  Appreciate the kind words of support. 
Stop this terrible    
America's heroes speak out loudly against Pres. Obama's catastrophic   We should stand w/ them—not Tehran.
  ; Mrs. Cruz at the Airport. Doesn't everyone have dates at the airport    
  joins at 12:05 today and is on at 12:35! AM 680,  
RSVP to join us here:  
Stop this catastrophic   
If you’re in South Carolina, I hope you’ll join us this weekend! For more info, visit: 
In honor of successful parachute test,  to visiting Orion at 
I intend to lead the fight to   
Glad accepted my invitation to rally in DC to stop the catastrophic  
We'll be visiting the Granite State this weekend and hope to see you! For more info and to RSVP, visit: 
 Missed interview with candidate We broke show records! Check it out here
Hope to see you in Fort Worth on September 3:    
Not one more cent from taxpayers should go to Planned Parenthood:   
Never have the threats to religious liberty been greater:   
Show you're part of the  Get your gear here:  
Iran acquiring nuclear weapons is the single greatest national security threat facing the US:  
  adds 66 people to his New Hampshire leadership team, bringing the total membership to 107: 
Proud to add this group of courageous conservatives to our NH leadership team:  Join us at 
Humbled ; proud to have Bob, Jim, Brian ; Bill leading the Vets for Ted military coalition:  
All of our thoughts and prayers are with the family, friends, and loved ones of Alison and Adam.
 if you agree we need to  NOW: 
The American people are tired of campaign conservatives who talk a good game on the stump but don't walk the walk: 
Take a stand to   
 
  is a man we can trust to be the same principled conservative before, during, and after the election." 
One more reason why the  is a catastrophic mistake:   
  got to talk about manned spaceflight: 
 Successful 5th Annual Faith ; Freedom BBQ tonight! Special thanks to ; for speak…
Thanks for hosting us! 
People are fed up with politicians who say one thing and do another. Let’s break the  
Even more appalling is that taxpayers are funding these activities:   
Great to be back in South Carolina with so many courageous conservatives at the  
LIVE on   speaking at Jeff Duncan BBQ  
We cannot allow this to continue:  
  "deeply concerned" Obama admin. has been "withholding information it is obligated to provide to Congress" 
A hearty congrats to who is celebrating 10 years on  today — also a must follow on Twitter! 
Secure the border, end illegal immigration ; stop sanctuary cities:  Stand for rule of law: 
 Tonight on The Snark Factor we will play my interview with Senator - 8pm Eastern, 
If Obama Admin insists on allowing a Cuban embassy in DC, let’s give it the address it deserves—on Oswaldo Payá Way.
 BIG GUEST ALE: on today's show. Listen here. 
  Calls on President to Release Pentagon Report on Russian Missile Violation  
  just celebrated 10 yrs on the TX Supreme Court‼️Read this profile and ‼️ 
We’re a nation that was founded on religious liberty: Stand with us to defend it: 
We have got to secure the border and enforce the rule of law. As President, I will! Join us:  
 . on  Iowa is about telling the story of ordinary people who stood up for their faith ; were …
 Sunday: sits down with TX Senator to talk   ; more 
  "The Department of Education should be abolished!"  
 When elected, I will instruct the U.S. dept of Ed that Common Core ends today. at  Summit
 Packed house and it's real loud at   leading off the final general session.   
 telling it like it is - Defending the American Dream at 
 has blown the roof off the Columbus Convention Center.     
 planning on having a busy first day in office! 
 Ted Cruz day 1: "I will move the embassy to Jerusalem, the once and eternal capital of Israel" 
 hammering it home at AFP! Exec Orders, PP, Relig Freedom, Iran, Israel ; shout out to 
  We will repeal every word of  
January 20, 2017 is going to be a busy day: 
 Last night held the best candidate event I've ever attended. The price of poker in Iowa just went up. 
Miss last night’s rally to  Watch it here:  
 I had such an awesome evening with and Thank you so much for your love and support! 
Many thanks to the for joining us tonight!  
All of us must stand together for truth and for our nation  
  brings out Naghmeh Abedini, the wife of imprisoned American pastor Saeed Abedini.
I'd like to welcome one more hero to the stage:  
If elected President, I'll instruct every federal agency that the persecution of religious liberty ends today! 
We stand together today because if we lose our religious liberty, we lose every freedom in America 
What scares extremists the most is that there are more of us than there are of them 
We gather to take a stand against religious bigotry and intolerance. This rally is a chance to stand for freedom 
America is and remains a nation built on Judeo-Christian values 
Religious freedom is and always has been central to the American existence 
Life is a precious gift from God. Once government can take away the right to life, it can take away anything. 
There's a war on faith in America today. Did we ever think we'd witness government persecute people for their faith? 
Honored and humbled to have the support of  
"We've got to stand up for religious freedom in this country." - Aaron Klein  
 "Those of you in uniform are not allowed to have the very freedom you lay your life down for!"  
 All six people or "heroes" says are on stage to give their personal stories  
 Atlanta fire chief: The very faith that gave me my job ultimately cost me my job.  God help us.  
 Kelvin Cochran lost his job as Chief of Atlanta's Fire Department because he wrote devotional book for men. 
  Go Ted Cruz!! Thank You!!
 The Klein's have received hate mail and death threats. 
Watch it here:  
 After more than 19yrs of service, SMSgt Phillip Monk was punished for his religious beliefs.  
 presents the six faces of  persecution in America.  
Thank you for welcoming these victims of religious persecution to the stage.  
  to the Odgaards: "Your faith and your courage inspire every one of us to stand with you." 
 sits w/the Odgaards ; discusses their fight to protect their  
  points out consequence of lawsuit against Odgaards: they went out of business, ; employees lost jobs. 
 talking about the importance of the rights that come from God not government  
 speaking w/ Grimes couple the Odgaards about their wedding business impacted.  
Humbled to host Dick and Betty Odgaard to share the story of their religious persecution.  
Never in the history of our nation have the threats to our religious liberty been so great. 
There is a reason why the very first protection found in the Bill of Rights is our religious liberty. 
Our rights do not come from government. They come from almighty God. 
God bless the great state of Iowa. It's a blessing to be with y'all tonight.  
  "We're at a crossroads. We need a champion--someone who'll fight for us."  
  I firmly believe that God shaped this nation with His mighty name. 
 steps up to speak on  at the rally.  
 discusses the influence of Mosaic and Roman Law on the foundation of the United States. 
Congressman is inspiring the crowd tonight at the rally to  
  helping to kick off the rally to  in Des Moines: 
A sit down with to air Sunday in advance of the start of the rally to  
 The crowd is filling in for the rally to  Join us:  
The Rally to  kicks off soon! Catch the full interview with tonight on 
The stage is set. It's not too late to join us for the Rally for Religious Liberty:  
Great meeting Gabriella after grilling some  
A little youth outreach at the  
Not a fan of pork on Capitol Hill, but we can all agree  is a great thing! 
A stroll through the  
Together we WILL reignite the promise of America!  
  will be at the Iowa State Fair Soapbox about 10.      
Speaking with on LIVE from the  
Always great to run into fellow Texans. Enjoyed chatting with at the  
Walking in to the  
Iowa State Fair Soapbox today at 10 am! 
Tonight is the night -- join us in Des Moines for the Rally for Religious Liberty!RSVP:  
 Wednesday's show: why I endorsed for president 
I intend to lead the fight in the U.S. Senate to  even while investigations continue: 
Glad to have joining the Rally for Religious Liberty:  Join us:  
Our thoughts and prayers are with President Jimmy Carter: 
It's not too late to RSVP for tomorrow's Rally for Religious Liberty in Des Moines: 
 is a conservative’s conservative, and I’m honored to have his support:  Join us: 
These Planned Parenthood videos are horrific. It's my hope they change hearts and minds.  
This is not a partisan issue. It is about the future of our country. We have to stop this disastrous  
 is unwavering in his commitment to conservative principles. I am thrilled to have his support 
Honored to have support of for our campaign to reignite promise of America  
 I am endorsing for president because of his proven courage of conviction and ability to run a national campaig…
Honored to have your support, 
 Tune in to at 2:15 CT to hear Cruz talk immigration, religious liberty 
We need a POTUS who’ll respect rule of law ; won't release illegal immigrants w/ violent criminal records into public 
It's past time we allow our service members to defend themselves:  
Powerful testimony for life from a physician witnessing the troubling repercussions of doctor-assisted suicide: 
Hope to see you this Friday in Des Moines: 
Next time a jihadist shows up at a recruiting center he should discover business end of a firearm of a dozen Marines 
 Get the app:    
It’s time we allow our service men and women to exercise their constitutional right to keep and bear arms: 
Stop the catastrophic   
GOP primary voters are looking for someone who has walked the walk:  Join us: 
Hope you'll join us at the Rally for Religious Liberty this Friday! RSVP:  
One principle history has taught us: if somebody says they want to kill you, believe them:  
Wow—thank you  for earning 1,000,000 action points on our new app! Get the app:  
This Iranian nuclear deal is catastrophic:  
In or around Jackson, Wyoming? I hope to see you this Wednesday! RSVP here: 
 American Amir Hekmati has been unjustly imprisoned in Iran for 1,449 days. 
 That's a campaign I like! Seven States in Seven Days 
FRIDAY: Join us in Des Moines, Iowa, as we rally for religious liberty. It’s FREE, RSVP here:  
  through seven states in seven days:  Join the movement: 
Enjoyed joining on the air this afternoon! 
 Did you miss the show this morning with presidential candidate Ted Cruz? Listen online now at  
 Ted Cruz, between selfies, chatting here in Northern Nevada.  
A special moment in Murfreesboro on the  tour this week: 
Our prayers are with the fallen deputy's family, the Carson City SD, and the entire community 
That John Kerry and Barack Obama decided they'd rather spend time with tyrants than with dissidents is shameful: 
 ICYMI audio/transcript: on his incredible 1000 word debate aftermath:  
Liberty is never safer than when politicians are terrified  
We are going to win in 2016 by running against the bipartisan corruption that Hillary Clinton embodies 
 Asked about health care at  says: "I intend to make 2016 a referendum on repealing Obamacare."
I intend to make 2016 a referendum on repealing Obamacare! 
If elected President, we’re going to repeal every word of Obamacare  
With growth, we can tackle the deficit and debt, strengthen our military, and tackle social security. Without growth, we can't 
I’d tell congressional leadership that if they send me a bill filled with corporate welfare, cronyism, and pork, I’ll veto it 
We need a strong conservative President 
The problem is that leadership in Washington listens to K Street and Wall Street rather than the American people 
All of us are frustrated because we keep winning elections, but the people we elect don’t do what they said they would do 
We have to take on the  
We should implement a simple flat tax and  
We need to pursue tax reform and regulatory reform to reignite the promise of America! 
A majority of Americans believe our kids will have a worse life than us. That may be the most unAmerican idea you can think of 
Great to join tonight for  Watch LIVE here now: 
Will speak at  shortly. You can watch live here: 
What a week on the   Tour. Thank YOU for making it a success:  
If elected President, we will finally secure the border and stop sanctuary cities. Join us:  
Thanks for an amazing week,   
Good choice! 
Actually, it's the Castros, not history, that holds the Cuban people back and keeps them in prison. 
If the President of the United States and his administration aren't taking a nuclear Iran seriously, who will? 
Another Obama-Clinton-Kerry bad deal will neither help Cuban people nor secure America. 
 Had a great time listening to speak at the Union High School PAC! OK is  
 Headed to   event in Las Vegas with and   
 — thank you for an amazing week! Join us ; help reignite the promise of America  
 Fantastic time listening to and meeting  Thanks to you and your awesome staff!   
  packed the house in Tulsa tonight plus a couple hundred more who couldn't get in. 
 We will not surrender our freedom! Join the fight:  
Thanks so much for joining us, Congressman! Let’s end the    
  Go to our website  and contribute! We need the resources. 
 we need your help. Please visit  and make a contribution -- any contribution you can and join the fight!
 let's look forward to January 2017! 
 Watching on  feed and liking him more with every word!   
If elected President, we will finally secure the border and end sanctuary cities! 
If elected President, I will go to the Department of Education -- which should be abolished -- and say Common Core ends today! 
If elected President, I will go to Congress and we will repeal every word of Obamacare  
 Our job is to make Super Tuesday SUPER CRUZ DAY. about to take stage in Tulsa. 
 Sen. is in Tulsa tonight for his  rally. 
  1st day in office: Rip to shreds this catastrophic   
Wow! Thank you Tulsa, Oklahoma!  
If elected President, we will reignite the promise of America!   
 The place is packed, flags are flying the Rally will begin momentarily.    
Stop the   
 Awesome to Meet Running For POTUS in Oklahoma City Today!  
  made a stop in Oklahoma today! Welcome to the Sooner State, Senator 
Q;A time in Bartlesville.  
Thank you for the incredibly kind introduction. Let's end the   
 I endorse  at  
 Freedom...is personal.  at  tells story of Cuban father 
 Mr. Ted Cruz    
  Great Event!! 
 Getting ready for the  tour stop in Bartlesville!
 Met the future Prez a man who stands for true principles!  
 Planning to attend events in Oklahoma? Arrive early. OKC event exceeded capacity.
Thx!  Plunder and Deceit is a terrific book -- everyone should buy it.  
Thanks to Rep for joining us on the   tour through Oklahoma today! 
Thank you Oklahoma City!  
It's time for a new generation of leaders to step up and lead the United States of America and the GOP.  
  meeting with his  Leadership Team   Bus Tour    
RSVP:    
 Possible GOP nominee Sen. expected to speak in NE  in 25min. Part of  tour  
Don't miss the August 21st Rally for Religious Liberty in Des Moines. RSVP here:  
Good morning Oklahoma City!  
OKLAHOMA: don't miss out on the chance to join the   tour. RSVP:  
 Arkansas voters explain why Senator Ted Cruz has their vote  
Wake up, Rick! 
So great to see Pastor Gaylon Wiley 
Hope you’ll join us!    
 It was an honor listening to future President tonight at the Van Buren Lincoln Day Dinner!  
I wouldn't be in the Senate -- or running for President -- without the amazing support of    
Every one of my colleagues should watch SSG Barrett's testimony before they vote on  
 Amazing turnout in Van Buren tonight at the Crawford County Lincoln Day Dinner with  
 What do you think about abolishing the IRS? That's what Senator tells me he will do   Photo 
 Standing, Clapping, Cheering as takes stage "wow... God Bless the State of Arkansas"  
God bless the state of Arkansas ; thank you to the Republican Party of Crawford County for inviting me!  
Thank you Republican Party of Crawford County!  
Dinner and a show with the Republican Party of Crawford County!  
Men and women across Arkansas are hungry for change:   
 The campaign has put out a couple highlight videos of its "Cruz Country" bus tour. Here's the latest.  
Great meeting you too! 
 Great listening to speak today!  
 Got to meet and shake hands with Ted Cruz!  
Awesome! 
 Good event in LR for Ted  
   
Amazing barbeque from If you're in Russellville, treat yourself and pay them a visit! 
Thank you Russellville, Arkansas!   
Be a part of the   tour:  
  ; asked a very important question about illegal immigration that no one has asked yet. 
 Here I am shaking hands with He knocked it outta the park in Little Rock! 
     
 If you want to make this happen:  Then we need your help! Join us:  
Glad you’re joining us for the   Tour!  
Thanks for joining us!   
 Among Ted Cruz's presidential goals: 'Rip to shreds' the Iran nuclear deal:    
 A "Captain Constitution" sketch of given to him by a supporter at a Memphis event yesterday 
Be a part of the   tour:  
  currently speaking to crowd outside the Republican Headquarters in Little Rock. 
  "when I say i'm going to do something, I'm going to do exactly what I say."  
Little Rock, Arkansas is  — let’s reignite the promise of America!  
The   continues! Join us:  
Proud to have the support of these courageous conservatives in OK. Join the   
Hope to see you in Little Rock or Russellville! For more info or to RSVP, visit   
Glad you could join us!   
Tupelo, Mississippi was  this morning! 
   heading to  
Thanks for the terrific welcome to Memphis!   
Meet the Press -- Memphis style at  
Because of YOU,   
Thank you Olive Branch, MS!   
We're in Olive Branch because we love our nation ; want to get back to principles that made it great!  
Hello Olive Branch, Mississippi!  
We want YOU to be a part of the    
Honored to have your support! 
 Just had visit and be on 
 A tremendous honor to meet yesterday and to be part of his leadership team!  
 Group selfie at  
  in Tupelo, MS!  
Glad to have Sen. Chris McDaniel, Keith Plunkett ; Sen. Melanie Sojourer join us on the   
Join us:     
Join us for the    
Proud to announce our AR Leadership Team in advance of our   in AR:  
Hope to see you here TODAY —&gt; 
Take a stand for religious liberty and help prosecute and   
TOMORROW: Hope to see you in Tupelo, Olive Branch, or Memphis! RSVP here:   
Thanks Madison County, TN! It'll get a lot of use rescinding some Obama Admin executive actions...  
Pretty good stage backdrop... A lot of changes coming there in January 2017  
Thanks for the warm welcome, Jackson!   
Hello Jackson, Tennessee!   
 on the road...  
I am thrilled to work with such a tenacious group of courageous conservatives on our Mississippi Leadership Team
Thank you, Franklin!  
Franklin, TN, you have a crucial role to play in ensuring our GOP nominee is a consistent conservative!  
If you see a candidate who Washington embraces, run and hide!  
Thanks for the incredible introduction in Franklin, TN, Rep.  
  campaign experiences fundraising surge following debate.Over $1 million raised in 100 hours: 
 . speaking at event in Franklin. to follow. WATCH   
Murfreesboro has a critical role to play--to ensure we nominate a strong, consistent conservative  
On my first day in office... Murfreesboro is  
Thank you Murfreesboro, TN!  
GOP primary voters are looking for a proven conservative who's walked the walk:   
 In Tenn., makes unscheduled stop at Chattanooga shooting memorial. Family planted flags, said short prayer. htt…
Thanks so much for joining us!   
Thank you Chattanooga!  
 Ted Cruz speaks!!   
 "If you're litigating against nuns, you're probably doing something wrong!"    
 Ted Cruz is in the house.  Crowd goes wild!  
We are all the children of those who risked everything for freedom. That is why we're here!  
  the fourth thing I intend to do in office.. 
Thank you to everyone standing with us this morning in Chattanooga to turn our country around!  
The five flags behind the stage are in honor of the five service members killed in the Chattanooga terrorist attack. 
The grassroots wave is building! Join the   
The   continues today! Join us:   
Energy and excitement are building throughout the   Join us:  
Thanks for joining  -- see y'all again shortly! 
TOMORROW: Please join us in Chattanooga, Murfreesboro, Franklin, or Jackson! More info ; RSVP at:  
 speaks in  "looks we have all of  here, it's like the  
Wow -- Huntsville, Alabama is  Thank you  for a remarkable showing of support! 
LIVE on  The   visits Huntsville, AL! 
A little bluegrass to start off the evening in Huntsville.  
Thanks so much to for hosting us in Huntsville tonight!  
 many thanks!
Great talking with you today on the  bus, 
Alabama, you have a critical role to play in the 2016 Republican presidential primary!  
Many thanks to for joining us on the  bus! 
Thanks so much for joining us!   
Meeting and greeting in Pelham!  
LIVE on   Q;A in Pelham, Alabama!  
  thank you for coming to Pelham,Al. Time to reignite Conservatives! 
The key difference between me ; other candidates running for POTUS is I'll ACTUALLY DO what I promised!  
  what a great crowd in   Bus Tour    
Wow -- Pelham, AL is  And this overflow crowd will play a key role in reigniting the promise of America! 
Thanks so much to our Alabama Co-Chairs for hosting us in Pelham this afternoon!  
 5 actions says he would take on his first day in the    
Don't wait -- RSVP here:   
 hope to see you today!  
ICYMI: Yesterday's remarks at the Gathering.  
Join us in Pelham  or Huntsville  tomorrow!  
 RedState Gathering 2015: Sen. Ted Cruz (R, TX).: 
The American people are fed up with politicians who say one thing and then do another.  
A pretty good rule: if you're litigating against nuns, you've probably done something wrong:  
Courageous conservatives in Columbus, GA are hungry to change the path we're on!  
Wow! Thank you Newnan, GA!   
If you couldn't join us in person for the Newnan, GA  rally, watch it here: 
LIVE on   Tour visits Newnan, GA! 
Hello  in Newnan, GA!  
  Join us:   
Great time visiting with members of our Georgia Leadership Team after   
A little post- speech conversation with 
Thank you    
What I'd do on my first day as President of the United States...   
Thanks for the warm welcome  Join us live:  
Good morning Atlanta!    
Bipartisan opposition to this catastrophic  is growing:  
RSVP to join us in Newnan, GA today: Full  route here:  
  made his first campaign stop in Mount Pleasant following Thursday night’s   h…
  
If elected President, I'll tell both parties if you pass corporate welfare or pork, I'll veto it  
This Republican primary comes down to one word: trust. Will you do what you said you would do? 
Savannah, GA wants to  How about you?  
I'm in Savannah w/ a word of hope, encouragement ; optimism. We can ; will turn this nation around!  
RSVP to join us there:  
Very glad to add these courageous conservatives to our Tennessee Leadership Team:  
   analysis: joins Listen online:  
Join them here:  
Thanks for joining us for the  Bus Tour kickoff!  
 Today's show: joins us to discuss last night's  as well. 
Mount Pleasant is fired up to   
  kicking off  Bus Tour in     
Kicking off  Bus Tour in Mount Pleasant, SC. Add cruz4president on to join the tour online! 
 Today, we recognize ; thank those who made sacrifices in the line of duty.  
Join us if you agree we need a President who will defend the rule of law:  
Hope to see you there:  For the rest of the  Tour:  
 on the road!     
The  Bus Tour kicks off today and we'd love for you to join us! More info:  
RSVP to join us here:    
 Lowcountry Listening Tour continues today Then 1pm I'll be w/ to kickoff  Bus …
 With 100+ supporters waiting, first post-debate act was to surprise his wife with a birthday cake.  h…
A great  discussing issues important to the American people:  Join our fight: 
  Speaking the truth is the essence of what political debate is supposed to be about.   
 WATCH: The  reviews are in:  “great news for 
  gets powerful response from focus group.  
Here's what I'd do on my first day in office as POTUS:  help make it a reality: 
  in closing: "I will fight to defend liberty, because my family knows what it's like to lose it" 
As your President, I’ll fight to defend liberty each and every day because my family knows what it’s like to lose it.  
If elected, on my first day as President, I'll rescind every illegal and unconstitutional executive order enacted by Pres. Obama 
We've seen a lot of campaign conservatives, but if we're going to win in 2016, we need a consistent conservative.  
  from behind is a disaster 
We need a new Commander-in-Chief who will stand up to our enemies and that has credibility  
Over the past six years we've seen the results of the Obama-Clinton foreign policy. Leading from behind is a disaster.  
 if you agree!    
  "We need a commander-in-chief who makes clear if you join ISIS... you are signing your death warrant."
Follow along with our campaign during the  at  
I believe the American people are looking for someone to speak the truth   
What we need is a Commander-in-Chief that makes it clear if you join ISIS then you are signing your death warrant  
  says Americans who travel overseas to join  forfeit their U.S. citizenship.  
We can't defeat radical Islamic terrorism as long as we have a Commander-in-Chief unwilling to utter the words "radical Islamic terrorism."
 if you agree it's    
Here we go at the   tune in to Fox News and log on to  now!
It’s almost time! Tune in to Fox News and log on to   
A little  prep with my two best advisers.   
Headed into the  Join us at 9pm ET on Fox News and  
We need a President who’ll defend the Constitution and restore America’s leadership in the world   
  if you're tuning in!   
 Less than 3 hours until the start of the  Watch on Fox News at 9pm ET  
If I’m elected President, the US DOJ will investigate and prosecute any violations of the law by Planned Parenthood: 
Great conversation with in advance of tonight's   I hope you’ll listen and !
On the radio with NOW. Listen here:   
 Don't forget to vote in  bracket poll on the  ; in finals 
 I hope you're getting excited about tonight's  Join us:  
 would greatly appreciate your vote here:   
Tune in to Fox News tonight at 9pm ET and log on to     
 Ted Cruz: Obama's helping Iran finance terrorism!Mitt Romney: No, he isn't.Barack Obama: Yes, I am.
 Senator tours the debate stage   
Fox News  walk through.  join us tonight at 9pm ET at  
 as you watch tonight’s  at 9pm ET on Fox News, be sure to join the campaign online at 
I’m excited to announce this group of courageous conservatives to lead our grassroots coalition in AL:  
 So excited for the debates tonight!!!  Can't wait to watch   
 Tune in to Fox News tonight at 9pm ET and get ready for the  here:  
 If you want a president who will fight to simplify the tax code and  vote for here: 
Greatly appreciate your support! Let’s reignite the promise of America!   
 Ted Cruz Previews the  Bus Tour on the Rick and Bubba Show  via
 Ready to watch tonight!   
The Georgia team we’ve put together has unparalleled experience running ; winning campaigns at the grassroots: level 
  'Every Procedural Tool' Should Be Used to Defund Planned Parenthood - Breitbart  via
Traveling w/ Caroline to Cleveland for  Watch on Fox News at 9pm ET ; follow at  
  
  Neil Armstrong on his birthday who led the way for explorers with one small step.  htt…
  
No organization that profits from terminating innocent human life should receive one penny of taxpayer money 
 I'm going to "Franklin, TN - Southern Sweets Meet and Greet with Ted Cruz".  See you there?  via…
Encouraged to hear will continue combatting voter fraud to ensure the vote of every Texan counts: 
Our thoughts and prayers are with those in Nashville, and our gratitude with first responders who so bravely gained control of the situation
Excited to have perform at the 8/21 Rally for Religious Liberty: RSVP to join us: 
Get ready for  a profile pic to show you're part of the   
Hope to see YOU on the  Bus Tour:  
Live NOW with on the radio talking  Bus Tour. Listen here: 
These Planned Parenthood videos are horrifying.  NOW:  
 Look forward to joining this Friday in Mount Pleasant to kick off his  Bus Tour... 
  
  announces  lineup – and are coming up next on  
  taps Gortz Haus owners as "religious liberty ambassadors" in Iowa  
See y’all in Cleveland! 
RSVP to join us:  
Hope you’ll join us for the  Bus Tour! Find a stop near you: 
Live NOW with on the radio. Join us here: 
Don’t wait! RSVP now to join the  for the  Bus Tour!  
This  is the single gravest national security threat facing America. Help stop it:  
Sorry the M249 wasn’t available for cooking bacon that morning. 
 because of  "there will be more terrorism, there will be more attacks and more people will die” 
  if you want a President who’ll secure the border ; end sanctuary cities, cast your vote for NOW: 
Hoping to meet you and other members of the  along our  Bus Tour! RSVP to join us here: 
I am incredibly excited to have these 10 courageous conservatives join our already exceptional Iowa Leadership Team: 
It is my hope we see GOP leadership lead the  fight ; we get it done:  
 Ted Cruz shows how to cook bacon with machine gun!
ICYMI: Bacon, Texas style 
  at  Forum.  Watch the complete  Forum here: 
Hope you’ll join our fight to reignite the promise of America     
  "I intend to make 2016 a referendum on repealing Obamacare."
I believe 2016 will be an election like 1980. We’ll win by painting in bold colors and we’ll reignite the promise of America 
I intend to make 2016 a referendum on a  of Obamacare   
We need a leader with a demonstrated history of standing up to the  to turn America around   
This  leaves four American citizens languishing in Iranian prisons   
I believe this Obama Iran nuclear deal is a catastrophic mistake   
  ; ready for  
 WATCH LIVE New Hampshire Republican Debate Forum at 7PM 
 --   
 Get tix to see 8/10/15 at the Jackson Fairgrounds at    
The President’s lawless and radical attempt to destabilize the nation’s energy system is flatly unconstitutional: 
 U.S. Sen. demonstrates the proper way to cook bacon.   
 Join and the  at stops along the  Bus Tour! RSVP or more info:  
In Texas, we cook bacon a little differently than most folks... 
 How to Cook Bacon on a Machine Gun with
Let’s look at the facts on the   
The  endangers the safety ; security of the United States. Take a stand against it: 
 RSVP to join at a  Tour stop near you:   
  Get your tickets here:  
  cast your vote for NOW if you want to   
The  endangers the United States of America, Israel, and the world. Help stop it: 
 A listing of the bus tour through the Southeastern US, as first reported by 
This  is a catastrophic mistake. ACT NOW to help stop it: 
RSVP now to join the  at an event near you:  
Reminder: no one has gone to jail for  even though guns were used for murder and sold to a terrorist: 
Patriotism starts early! My father doing a little youth outreach in Kent County, MI! 
Find an event near you and RSVP to join the  here: 
My Father, Rafael, meeting with some of the  in Michigan 
Arkansas—Hope to see you in Russellville or Little Rock on 8/12Russellville: Little Rock: 
  cast your vote for in 2016 Sweet 16 bracket:  
Sanctuary cities are wrong! We must enforce the rule of law and put a stop to them:  
Thank you  for your tremendous support! Let's reignite the promise of America:  
Heidi met with Betty and Dick Odgaard today. Join us all in Des Moines on August 21st:  
Mississippi—I hope to see you in Tupelo or Olive Branch on 8/11.Tupelo: Olive Branch: 
Take a  -- add your name to   
Alabama—I hope to see you in Pelham or Huntsville (or both!) on 8/9. Pelham: Huntsville: 
Because of you, 3 yrs ago we won a  race many said was impossible. Let's do it again:  
Hope to see you at the August 21st Rally for Religious Liberty in Des Moines! RSVP here:  
On the radio NOW with on Listen here:  
Georgia—I hope to see you in Savannah on 8/7 or Newnan on 8/8! Savannah: Newnan: 
 Listen to full interview w/ here:  Topics include   ; …
South Carolina -- I hope to see you on August 7th in Mount Pleasant. For more info or to RSVP, please visit: 
Join us in Des Moines on 8/21 as we rally for religious liberty! RSVP here:  
It’s time we fight to   
On the radio NOW with on Listen here: 
In Lubbock? Tune in to at 10:05 am CT.If not, listen online here:  
 Just interviewed The interview will air at 10:05am. Tax reform, Iran, and more. Cruz had a few things to say …
Let's debate the substance of the  for all the American people to see, Mr. President  
I call upon DOJ to enforce the criminal laws and investigate Planned Parenthood!  
 Ted Cruz: 'The ghost of Richard Nixon' is smiling down at the Obama Administration  
Proud to cosponsor a bill in the Senate to  Join the fight: 
  
  in 1958 President Eisenhower signed the act creating NASA. However, our 1st day ; birthday is Oct 1, 1958. 
 Join the  grassroots movement — download the official  app:  
 Ted Cruz on his invitation to Obama to debate Iran: "If he can't be pulled off the golf course, he can send as a proxy …
We need to actually stand up and fight to   
DOJ should open investigation into whether Planned Parenthood is a criminal enterprise  
 Thursday morning Sen. will join me to discuss his Presidential Campaign ; a number of issues. Listen: 
Welcome to the newest member of the  Mary Beth! Congrats and Sarah! 
 ON NOW: joins us now! Listen Live: 
Live NOW with on the radio. Tune in to or listen here: 
Listen here:  
 Quick correction: joins us at 11:30 today. listen live 
Watch the Planned Parenthood videos and ask yourself one question. Are these my values?  
Today is a time for action. Today is a time to  
Let's debate this  Mr. President:  
DOJ should open investigation into whether Planned Parenthood nationally is a criminal enterprise breaking the law: 
Show your friends and neighbors you’re part of the  Get your shirts today:  
Honored to have your support for this campaign to reignite the promise of America, JoAnn! 
  
We shouldn’t fund a criminal enterprise that sells the body parts of unborn children:  
 at Planned Parenthood rally: "Enough is enough. Let us stand for truth and let us stand for life."
  
If  goes through, Obama Admin will become the world’s leading financier of radical Islamic terrorism 
I’ll invite at any time and place of his choosing to debate substance of the   
Wishing a VERY happy birthday to 🎉🎂🎁
It's  and a time to break the  Join the fight:  
Talking with on the radio now. Join us LIVE here: 
 Ted Cruz invites  to debate  deal ‘at any time and place of his choosing’   
Conservatives are fed up with the  Help us break it: 
Don't miss my discussion on breaking the  with​ on​ tonight! 
On the radio with now. Join us here:  
I emphatically agree with then-Sen. Barack Obama that  is "little more than a fund for corporate welfare.” 
Live NOW on the Tune in to or listen here: 
Join the fight to break the   
Grateful for your support. Let's  and break the  
 Break the  
It’s time we break the  
We hope to see you Friday, August 21st, as we rally for religious liberty! RSVP:  
  
Break the  corporate welfare.Don't reauthorize ExIm:  
 Did you miss our rally against the  Watch on to catch up. 
Craig Biggio: Hall of Famer:   
No more government of the lobbyists, by the lobbyists, and for the lobbyists. Break the  
Take a stand with the American people to break the  and stop corporate welfare: 
Wishing a time of meaningful reflection to all those observing the mourning of Tisha B’Av: 
Take a  and add your name to   
The  is a classic example of cronyism and corporate welfare. Break the  and  
We need YOUR help to break the  Join us:  
Great conversation w/ on breaking the  Listen here:  Join us: 
Glad the court threw out one of the bogus charges against Indictment was a frivolous abuse of power: 
 It’s time to break the   
 Sen. Ted Cruz will be on the program at 6:20 PM eastern time today!
 Awesome from 
 The Iranian president called the UN Security Council's adoption of the nuclear deal "a historic event." He's right. It's a h…
We need a grassroots tsunami to rise up, break the  and   
Live NOW with Listen:   
Great talking with you today! 
Joining LIVE at 12:06 pm CT to talk about breaking the  Listen here: 
Add your name and help break the  and  
Break the  —  
 46 yrs ago Neil, Mike ; I splashed down in the pacific. The world didn't cheer for 3 guys but what we represented. 
  I support for President unconditionally and enthusiastically  
Defend the rule of law. Stop sanctuary cities:  
Glad to join y’all today! 
We shouldn't fund a criminal enterprise selling the body parts of unborn children.   
 Code Pink heckles on opposition to Iran deal, he lets protester up to the mic, then debates her. VIDEO 
Many congrats to both of y’all! 
I hope to see YOU in Des Moines, Iowa on Friday, 8/21, as we rally for religious liberty:  
 Sen. Ted Cruz: The street by Cuban embassy should be named after a murdered Cuban dissident. 
We must stop this catastrophic mistake of a deal with Iran. Join us:  
  calls  a "criminal enterprise," and calls for defunding and wants a DOJ investigation. 
 "Four hostages are languishing in Iran," says He adds that Obama is demonstrating weakness and appeasement. 
  is coming up next on 
  introduces bill to name  embassy's street after late anti-Castro dissident   …
 Join and more TODAY in Lafayette Park at noon! 
We need to prosecute Planned Parenthood ; cut off every penny of taxpayer funding:   
    
 Ted Cruz is more of a Spider-Man guy, and he has a very strong opinion on Kirk vs. Picard. 
If you agree that Congress must fully  join us:  
Joining​ on​ tonight at 9 pm CT. Hope you'll tune in! 
Sanctuary cities make our nation less safe. Help stop them:  
 Ted Cruz: It’s time to INVESTIGATE and PROSECUTE Planned Parenthood [VIDEO] –  
The US DoJ should open an investigation and prosecute Planned Parenthood:  
 CRUZ: Obama admn will be world’s LEADING FINANCIER of Islamic terrorism if Iran deal goes thru  
   
 Ted Cruz Releases Video On Planned Parenthood Scandal 
My dad has been my hero my whole life  
 Want to help reignite the promise of America? There’s an app for that:   
Join us August 21st in Des Moines:  
 great to see you!
Bring our Americans home from Iranian prisons — NOW:     
 . schedules religious liberty rally/fundraiser for those targeted by the state for their faith
Take a stand for our first freedom: religious liberty! Join us 8/21: 
  on why he is endorsing so early on in this presidential race, on with 
Making history: congrats to Coach Becky Hammon and the Las Vegas Summer League champion 
We need to investigate and fully   
 Amid demands for his release, The Post’s Jason Rezaian marks one year in an Iranian jail 
 — Add your name today: 
The  is a catastrophic mistake. Help stop it:  
I’m glad to welcome to the ever-growing field of GOP contenders: 
I’ll never shy away from defending the religious liberty of every American  Join us 8/21: 
Capitol's flag at half-staff today to honor the servicemen killed by a terrorist in Chattanooga. Meanwhile at the WH: 
*BLOCK*  
The Odgaards’ story inspires millions of believers of many faiths across this country:  
Join us Friday, August 21st, as we rally in Des Moines for religious liberty:  
I want to thank the Odgaards for taking a stand for religious liberty and for telling their story: 
 FLASH: Plans Slew of Highway Bill Amendments  via 
  in 1969, one giant leap for mankind was taken when the Apollo 11 crew landed on the Moon  
A message for the grassroots: If you build it, they will come  
 Way to go  at the South Carolina Peach Festival!  
 Watch our fun  vid: That Time Presidential Candidate Ted Cruz Visited The Field Of Dreams 
Absolutely terrific news! 
Not to mention, with four of the top ten finishers,  looks at home @ the British Open! 🇺🇸  
From Iowa City to the Old Course at St Andrews, congrats to British Open champion Way to represent the  🇺🇸
 Cruz on Video: 'Every American should watch that video and say, ‘Are those my values?'' 
It’s a privilege to fight alongside Rep. Jim Bridenstine in DC, and I’m honored to have his support for our campaign: 
Honored to have your support,    
Unacceptable: Pres. Obama submits most important national security issue in a generation to the UN before Congress: 
46 years ago today: "That's one small step for (a) man; one giant leap for mankind."  
 if you want a conservative for president in 2016 too! Join us:    
Sanctuary cities are wrong and they endanger the security of our country. Help stop it: 
Thanks to all the courageous conservatives at  for the warm welcome. Let's reignite the promise of America! 
So great to have the family up in Iowa this weekend! 
Always enjoy the opportunity to speak with 
  says the first thing he will do if elected is revoke every illegal/unconstitutional action taken by Obama. 
What’s happened at the VA is shameful. We need real accountability at the VA and we should empower our vets to have choices. 
 says he won't engage in personal attacks on campaign trail  
The First Amendment is our first freedom and I’ll never shy away from defending the religious liberty of every American! 
DOJ should open an investigation and prosecute Planned Parenthood and Congress should hold hearings and cut off its taxpayer funds 
2016 will be a referendum on  of Obamacare and if elected I’ll sign legislation repealing every word of that failed law 
Join us live:  
Speaking at  in just a few minutes. Watch live: 
John McCain is an American hero. Although we have some policy disagreements, I'm proud to serve alongside him.
  is scheduled to speak at  around 1:50 pm CT. Hope you'll join him live: 
 Audio/transcript: on 2nd Am rights of military, the terrorism in TN, 
All of our thoughts and prayers are with his friends, family, and loved ones  
 Thanks for talking with us!  
Thanks so much for your hospitality, Linda. Was a privilege to join y’all! 
  to me "Absolutely our soldiers should retain their 2d Am rights to keep and bear arms"
  calls Chattanooga Attacks an ‘Act of War,’ Calls for Fix to ‘Broken Immigration System’ 
Pretty cool. It's not every day you get the chance to do an interview from the Field of Dreams!  
 We back move to block President Obama’s Iran “Deal”   
  leads off show today, our annual broadcast from Disneyland.
  wants  defunded now. We agree! 
We cannot afford to wait six years to recognize what happened yesterday in Chattanooga for what it was: 
 Cruz says Chattanooga shows need to fix immig system "that is allowing this type of individual to gain citizenship."h…
Is this heaven? No, it’s Iowa.  
 46 years ago today Neil, Mike ; I lifted off on Apollo 11. We were in the right place at the right time.  
PM is right in calling  a catastrophic mistake. Stand w/ us to stop it:  
  Threatens to Cut Off Funding After  Nuke Deal  via 
 BREAKING: threatens to cut off State Dept funding as Obama moves to bypass Congress on Iran deal 
All Americans keep the families of the four brave Marines killed serving our nation today in our prayers:  
It’s past time to free the four Americans wrongly imprisoned by Iran     
Wishing a very happy birthday to my friend and official Twitter Laureate of Texas, I hear all he wants is a follow!
Investigate and fully  — now:  
  joining tonight   
 TONIGHT at 9p ET: sounds off on the fallout from the  his battle with ; more.  
 and add your name if you agree it's time to finally   
 Senator Ted Cruz is now on stage for the 'Cruz Control' session  
Glad to join  this afternoon! Watch live now at  
 The  video is shocking ; heartbreaking. My office has launched an official investigation. 
 Zoom into Pluto ; discover mountains, seen during yesterday's  
As President, I would repudiate the  on day one: 
Sanctuary cities endanger the security of our country and it is wrong. Help stop it: 
 VIDEO: Senator remarks at 
Also finally and fully  
  
 Agreed: 
Add your name if you agree we must protect our national security and reject the   
  on  It will fund terrorism + endanger lives of Americans + Israel -OTR 
 Right now ON THE RECORD goes after Sanctuary Cities -OTR 
 "As a candidate for President, I am proud to sign the Family Business Coalition's Death Tax Repeal pledge." h…
Congress should investigate and defund Planned Parenthood: 
 tonight OTR at 7p:  Senator 
  a world where humans have not explored Pluto. was there today! 
  "[Amir Hekmati] wouldn't want to be traded for something that makes the world a less safe place." 
I am humbled and honored by the support of these leaders in the Tarheel State:  
It’s  on the  this evening on  forward to joining you,
 Ted Cruz RESPONDS to Iran deal, calls it a STAGGERINGLY BAD DEAL for US and Israel 
Congress must stop a deal that puts Iran on the path toward a nuclear bomb  
 U.S. DEAL WITH IRAN “UNCONSCIONABLE” BECAUSE IT LEAVES IMPRISONED AMERICAN PASTOR SAEED ABEDINI BEHIND 
 "This is NASA doing what it does best, pushing the boundaries of our imagination," on  
Gov. is a welcome addition to the 2016 GOP field, and I’m glad to have him join the race: 
Unconscionable: Tehran has held Jason Rezaian for almost a year:     
 It’s  for the New York Times! It should release its ‘evidence’ or apologize:  
 Nation's  bookseller and the publisher say no evidence of bulk purchase of Ted Cruz book, contradicting NY Times. 
 Amazon spox: "no evidence of unusual bulk purchase activity”  for NYT: 
  joins in finding no evidence of unusual bulk sales of book: 
 US ; Israeli flags burned in Iran. Crowd yells "Death to America! Death to Israel!" Who's in front? President Rouhani 
 ‘DEMAND the EVIDENCE!’ – Ted Cruz CALLS OUT the New York Times on book blacklisting! 
Today's NYT *Bestseller List*A certain book was curiously omitted:   
 In Vienna, world powers concede more and more to Iran. In Tehran, demonstrators burn American ; Israeli flags. 
 Agree that the NYT should release its “evidence" or apologize to Add your name:  
 NYT doubles down on blacklisting Demand the ‘evidence’ or an apology   
  and a time for lies: New York Times doubles down on blacklisting:  
Sec. Kerry should stop negotiating with this hostile enemy of America and immediately leave Vienna  
 Add your name if you agree the New York Times should release the evidence or apologize:  
 It’s  for the NYT—release the so-called “evidence” or apologize. Add your name:  
  campaign to NYT: ‘Release Your So-Called Evidence’ of Bulk Book Purchases  
Pres. Obama should join in condemning al-Quds Day in Iran where chants of ‘Death To America’ and ‘Israel’ were heard 
  campaign to NYT: ‘Release Your So-Called Evidence’ of Bulk Book Purchases 
 Now leading TheBlaze: publicly challenges  
 It's time to walk away. Retweet to show your support. 
 NYTimes Claims Cruz Purchased His Books in Bulk—Now His Publisher ; Campaign Are Fighting Back  
 The New York Times is lying — they should release their evidence or issue a formal apology  
Many cities across the country serve as havens for those who are here illegally -- sanctuary cities are wrong! 
 While is in  Iranians Burn US Flag, Chant ‘Death to Israel’  via 
Help break the  and reignite the promise of America with a $5 gift today:  
It was  on Bill Bennett's Morning in America today. If you missed it live, listen here: 
Obama Admin refuses to enforce immigration laws. It doesn’t make sense for fed govt to release violent criminals: 
It doesn’t make sense for cities to harbor those who violate our laws: 
RETWEET if you agree that sanctuary cities are wrong! 
  The Obama administration consistently refuses to enforce the laws on immigration.  
  "Sanctuary cities are wrong." 
I call for retention elections b/c I believe a majority of  justices aren’t honoring their judicial oaths 
    
 Willie Nelson is the next recipient of the Library of Congress Gershwin Prize for Popular Song h…
 With after his appearance on with - a great conversation:  
 joins the show right now to discuss his new book  and candidacy for president. Listen here: htt…
Another deadline looms w/ Americans STILL wrongfully imprisoned by a brutal Iranian regime    
It’s Morning in America and  with who I’ll join live in just a few minutes. LISTEN: 
Timeless wisdom worth remembering in the current state of the globe 
It was  on  today. Hope you'll watch and  my discussion with Chris Matthews! 
 Get ready,  is here to play  
Playing  at 6 pm CT on — hope you’ll tune in! 
 Don't miss  tonight on  at 7pm/et 
"This deal will pave Iran's path to a nuclear arsenal"-  if you agree Sec Kerry must end talks w/ Iran! 
We're going to break the  bring the power back to the people, and we're going to do it together! 
It's  in America ; Iowa has a critical role to play in the 2016 primary. Join us  
Good BBQ: one of the few topics that unites us all. At least until the sauce/no sauce debate:  
Imagine a new president signing a  of Obamacare in 2017. Help make it reality:  
It appears Harry Shearer was so horrified by my Simpsons impressions he agreed to return:  
It is  It is time to acknowledge that the Iran talks have been a disaster: 
Looking forward to another great day of meeting with courageous conservatives in the Hawkeye state! 
Will be talking  and more LIVE with at 9 am CT. Hope you’ll tune in: 
It's  later today, Tuesday, July 7, in Sioux City, IA, and I’d like to see you there! More info: 
Other POTUS candidates should join me in demanding Sec. Kerry stop negotiating with Iran ; immediately leave Vienna 
It's time to tell the American people the truth about President Obama's sham deal with Iran 
Thanks to everyone at in Des Moines for the great lunch ; conversation. PS Try the cheeseburger chowder. 
Thank you for your tremendous support,  
Help us lead the fight for a  of Obamacare:  
I’ll be in West Des Moines, IA, a little later today, and I hope you'll join us and bring a friend! More details: 
What a time celebrating  in Milner, GA! Complete with a performance by 🇺🇸 
Congratulations to  World Cup champions!  🇺🇸 
It was  in Augusta earlier today. Thanks so much for the very warm welcome! 
This is why I reluctantly called for a constitutional amendment for periodic judicial retention elections  
 thanks for tuning in!
Great question, Jeff! See the answer here -&gt; 
Wow -- thank you  for an eye-popping showing of support! Together, we're reigniting the promise of America! 
  told that in the three months since he announced, his campaign and SuperPAC have raised $51m.
I’ll be in Augusta ; Milner, GA, tomorrow, and I hope you'll join us and bring a friend! More details: 
 What a showing at the  parade in Faith, NC, by the  🇺🇸 
239 years ago:    🇺🇸 
On this  I want to share with you my hope for America   
I’ll be in Greenville, SC, tomorrow, and I hope you'll join us and bring a friend! Click here for details: 
 Thanks for the warm welcome!
The United States should stop legitimizing the UNHRC with our membership and withdraw now:   
How are YOU celebrating  this weekend? 
The American people are tired of politicians not telling the truth  
We should never hesitate to defend religious liberty — both at home and abroad.  
 Sen. Interview Exclusive: A Time for Truthby: 
Thanks so much for your support, Congressman!  
Always enjoy the chance to sit down with my friend, Thanks for having me join today! 
 ICYMI: Audio/transcriupt of long intv w/ about his new book, and 2016: 
We're seeing a grassroots tsunami rise up to break the  and turn this country around!  
 Glad you were able to join us, Justin!
I’ll be in Woodstock and Decatur, GA, tomorrow, and I hope you'll join us and bring a friend! More details: 
I will never, ever, ever shy away from defending the religious liberty of every American: 
Honored to have the support of courageous conservatives like as we reignite the promise of America! 
How sad is it that under the Obama Admin the US is going to have an embassy in Havana before we have one in Jerusalem 
Many thanks to for sharing one of my favorite stories about Justice Clarence Thomas from  
 ICYMI: and talk at length about what you’ll read about in  LISTEN: 
It’s  and tweets, 
 Talking w/ we both agree a tweeted review of senator's new book by is in order.
Talking  live with right now. Hope you’ll join us here: 
Speaking with live in just a few minutes. Listen here:  
How awesome! One of our youngest supporters drew this picture right after we launched the campaign. Thank you April! 
 Thanks for joining us, Amanda!
 At Houston book signing, calls Cuba move "a serious mistake"  
 LISTEN: talks about breaking the  and why it's  on the 
 I put this one back; was looking for Ted :-) 
 Sen. signs his new book at a Sam's store in southwest Houston. 
It's unacceptable and a slap in the face of a close ally that the United States will have an embassy in Havana before one in Jerusalem.
I’ll be in Arlington and Waxahachie tomorrow, and I hope you'll join us and bring a friend! Click here for details: 
 Texas Senator and 2016 Presidential candidate Ted Cruz returns to the show, NEXT!!! 
 thanks again for having us on the campaign trail. God bless Texas! 
 7 Things we learned from new book | ;  
A heartwarming story about Justice Clarence Thomas from my interview w/​. Hope you'll watch ; : 
Can't thank y'all enough for braving the weather and joining us last night,  
Thx to all who've visited  to support our campaign. If you haven't yet, pls do before midnight 
  “The marriage decision was utterly contrary to the Constitution.”  
It’s time to shine a light on what’s really happening in Washington. It’s  
 Glad to be back on the show with you!
Help break the  with a contribution before our critical FEC fundraising deadline at midnight: 
  SCOTUS rulings were 'lawless'  
 Enjoyed speaking with you, Jake!
I’ll be in Houston and Katy tomorrow, and I hope you'll join us and bring a friend! Click here for details: 
3pm CT today is  on with Hope you'll tune in! 
  Supreme Court Justices 'put on Obama jerseys'   More on  on …
It’s  I likely may not get cast as a voice actor for the Simpsons any time soon, but it was fun: 
The American people want someone who will do what he said he would do:  
The people are tired of politicians not telling the truth:  
  breaking down the   on  
I’m glad to welcome into our diverse field of candidates: 
  Gets Tough on Details of  Nuclear Deal  
Talked about my new book  on today!Watch: Get it here: 
 Joining us in a few minutes...  
  joins us live to talk about his new book, Donald Trump, Chris Christie and 2016 - NEXT! 
 
It’s  -- time to shine a light on what's happening behind closed doors and break the  
Live on the in just a few minutes. Join us online here:  
It's  tonight with Don't forget to tune in to at 9 pm CT! 
 Watch interview tomorrow on 
I’m thrilled to have the support of a hardworking leader with clear convictions like Bill Anderson 
Last week, several  justices stopped being umpires calling balls ; strikes, and instead they joined a team 
It's a time to break the  It’s  
 Sen. visits Tuesday -- what would you ask him? 
It's  It’s a time to shine a light on what happens behind closed doors in Washington: 
On the air live with right now! Join us here:  
 "We should be using overwhelming air power to take out   
Talking  with LIVE now. Watch here: 
 About to sit down for an in-depth interview with Watch on here: 
 Watch live: talks with about 2016 presidential bid 
At 8 am CT I’ll sit down w/ for a LIVE interview. Watch here:  
 Today at 9am ET, watch my live interview with 
It's  on the on Hope you'll tune in at 7 am ET! 
 Today on TODAY.. speaks out re David Sweat capture, one-one w ; the end of 
 Tomorrow morning at 9am ET, I'm sitting down with live on - watch our conversation here: 
Setting the record straight:  
Any GOP POTUS candidate who isn't willing to campaign every day for  of Obamacare should step aside 
 thanks so much for your support and work!
I ain’t running to manage Washington. I’m running to change it  
What a terrific weekend in the Hawkeye State! Thank you, Iowa, for answering the call to  
Great spending the afternoon visiting with folks in Pella, IA! 
If we simply  we can turn things around unbelievably quickly because God isn’t done with America: 
I’m asking you to join me and millions of courageous conservatives in creating a new future for America  
Instead of a federal govt that targets our Constitutional liberties, imagine a federal govt that defends our Bill of Rights 
The real tragedy of the  is that it traps generations of families into generations of welfare dependency.
Real change requires leadership. Real change requires courage. Real change requires more than rhetorical lip service. 
For once, can’t we nominate a candidate who stands for freedom and stands for the Constitution? 
I ain’t running to manage Washington. I’m running to change Washington! 
The  wants courageous conservatives across America divided. They will do everything possible to fragment us.
Today is  It’s a time to stand up to the Washington power brokers — including those in the Republican party 
If Congress won't act, the movement across this nation for an Article V Convention of the States will grow stronger 
As a constitutional conservative, I don’t make this proposal lightly 
I am proposing an amendment to the Constitution to subject  justices to periodic judicial retention elections 
And any 2016 GOP candidate who isn’t willing to stand up and campaign for  every day should step aside 
Make no mistake,  has made 2016 a referendum on repealing Obamacare!
The  is an alliance between big money and politicians who want to stay in power forever
For decades, power has been meticulously amassed in Washington, DC 
Individual freedom was almost unthinkable in 1776 except in America — where we set the new standard 
Our freedom has been paid for by those we know serving in the armed forces and the blood of millions we may never know 
America is an idea. A big idea. A bold idea. It’s an idea that we share a greater purpose. 
Even in the light of the two tragic  decisions this week, I want to challenge everyone to 
I want to share today, a new vision for our nation 
It’s terrific to be in Iowa today. I’ve spent all week in Washington, DC. So it is great to be back in America! 
LIVE on  speaking at Drake University  
Doors open in less than 30 minutes. Join us in Des Moines:  
The stage is set, but there's still time for you to join us in Des Moines to Believe Again:  
This week, we have twice seen Supreme Court Justices violating their judicial oaths:  
We must not submit our constitutional freedoms, and the promise of our nation, to judicial tyranny  
Great conversation with today’s  ruling. Hope you’ll listen and ! 
Lots of hands raised in Sheldon, IA when asked who is frustrated w/ GOP leadership—let's break the  
I hope to see YOU in Iowa this weekend. For more information or to RSVP, please visit: 
Today’s decision in  is judicial activism, plain and simple   
 Obamacare,  and Calvin and Hobbes: 
Happy to see has been righty reinstated as chairman:  Keep standing for principle, my friend!
 decision makes 2016 election a referendum on  of Obamacare:  
Add your name if you want to see a  of Obamacare in 2017:  
I remain fully committed to a  of Obamacare. And in 2017 we will do exactly that:  
 Yes and in 2017, we will do exactly that  
I remain fully committed to the repeal of Obamacare—every single word of it. And, in 2017, we will do exactly that 
Any candidate not willing to make 2016 a referendum on Repealing Obamacare should step aside  
Hope to see you in the Hawkeye State this weekend! More info:  
Had a great time sitting in the Center Seat on Special Report tonight. Hope you'll watch and : 
 Enjoyed it! And when it comes to impressions, well… 
Bobby Jindal is a friend, man of faith ; fearless champion for conservative values. I’m glad he is joining the race: 
Thanks to for having me join Center Seat on  this evening! 
  "ObamaCare has driven health insurance premiums through the roof." 
  "America has receded from the world... Our enemies, they don't fear us."  
 Tonight we have Ted Cruz in the  don't miss  tonight at 6pmET on Fox News 
Time to break the   
How's this for an idea? Join us and help break the   
It’s long overdue, but glad the State Department is finally producing the report on Iran’s human rights record: 
Hope to see you this Saturday. RSVP here:  
 Ted Cruz: Time to defeat 'Washington cartel' 
Washington is looking for solutions for Washington—not solutions that empower citizens across the nation to succeed: 
We can break the  and restore power to the people. And we’ll do it together:  
We must come together, break the  and return power to the people!
How do you break the  The people make the political price of doing the wrong thing higher than doing the right thing.
How do we beat back the  and restore power to the people? It's simple. The American people must rise up!
We should stand with the American people. It is time to break the 
How about elected representatives in DC actually represent the men and women back home we're supposed to be working for? 
If there's one thing Congress is good at, it is doing nothing. And that's what we should do w/ ExIm Bank and allow it to expire 
The  cronyism and favoritism inevitably breeds corruption
 Taxpayers on hook for $100 billion in loan guarantees thanks to Majority of benefits go to 10 select companie…
 "Washington's favors have gone on for far to long" at Heritage right now on ending cronyism.
  
The  has amassed more and more power at the expense of the American taxpayer
The rich and well connected keep getting more favors at the expense of hard-working Americans, and we have to stop it 
Washington's favors have gone on for way too long  
Speaking now on breaking up the  Watch live: 
It’s time to break up the  Join us:   
 Good morning! Thoughts on the day?  Remember we have in "Center Seat" tonight w/ the panel.  Send in q's today w/ 
 good morning!
It's time to put an end to the   
Another example of government of the lobbyists, by the lobbyists, and for the lobbyists:  
It is a cartel of career politicians in both parties in union with the lobbyists on K Street  
What we saw today is another manifestation of what I call the  
 Thoughts on the show? Suggestions?   Wow this is a monsoon in DC right now.  Tomorrow night joins Special Report fo…
Will join around 6:30 pm CT today. Listen live here: 
1,000 days too long.  
 1,000 Days: Pastor Saeed Abedini's Iran imprisonment marks grim milestone | Fox News | 
The Ex-Im Bank is a classic example of corporate welfare. It is cronyism at its worst. Help  
Congress must also pass Cruz-Sessions amdmts to ensure no trade agreement can back-door change US immigration laws 
Cannot vote for  unless McConnell ; Boehner both commit publicly to allow  to expire  
  has had enough of the backroom deals. He will oppose  unless GOP leaders vow to  
 in this Congress has become enmeshed in corrupt Washington backroom deal-making:  
 Praise the Lord! 1,000,000 Strong Demand American Pastor Saeed Abedini’s Immediate Release: 
 
 Editorial: Jordan Spieth, our major, major star | 
What happened to is shameful. No one should be punished for voting his or her conscience 
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Huge victory for Laura ; Marvin Horne and private property rights at  
 the US National Debt was around $11 trillion. Today it tops $18 trillion.
Many thanks to for the warm welcome to the Golden State today—together we'll reignite the promise of America! 
 Thanks for watching!
LIVE on  speaking to SLO County GOP  
It’s time to believe again! I’ll be back in the Hawkeye state this Saturday, and I want YOU to join me. RSVP here: 
I hope you'll watch my dad share his story ; his profound hope for ; belief in American exceptionalism.  
 Ted Cruz’s father Rafael Cruz relates how he came to America in an AWESOME Father’s Day video 
Always been my hero   
This  give $45 or more here:  to join an interactive conference call w/ my dad, Rafael Cruz, on 6/25!
 
 Actor Cary Elwes writes book about the magical making of "Princess Bride."    
My father has always been my hero.  to help wish my dad—and dads everywhere—a very  
IOWA: It’s time to break with the past. It’s time to 'Believe Again'. Join us in Des Moines on Saturday, June 27th! 
 Des Moines Register got a pic of Sen. Ted Cruz talking with Ally 1-on-1 after saying hi to Jade (pictured) ; T 
A little Second Amendment fun at CrossRoads Shooting Sports in Johnston, Iowa!  
Great to spend the evening with friends at Cronk's Cafe in Denison, Iowa! 
Because of courageous conservatives uniting across America, I’m profoundly optimistic we’ll turn this nation around! 
In January of 2017, we will have a new president. Change is coming.  
 Had an interesting conversation with Ted Cruz about media and politics that we'll air Sunday on  
 Important additional updates on Saeed. Prison Pressure increases: 
 At  "received the loudest applause of any speaker that day”   
I am profoundly optimistic that we are going to turn this nation around, and I’m optimistic because of you: 
President Obama's is simply ignoring the law with the long overdue Iran Human Rights report: 
 LATEST from moves to fine the for illegally withholding a key report on  
I will never, ever, ever shy from standing up and defending the religious liberty of every American: 
Morning is coming. The truth has power and it's  in America:  
From a former TX SG to the current TX SG, a very hearty congratulations to Scott Keller for his victory before  in Walker v. Texas!
In Iowa? I’d like to see you tomorrow! For more info or to RSVP, please visit: 
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of the victims of last night's shooting in Charleston 
Stop corporate welfare! Stand with us to   
What might the first 100 days of a Cruz administration look like? Here’s a sneak peek:  
 Today's show: Texas Senator Cruz joins us.  
  Can you do some reading for us before the debate?  
Can’t wait — excited to have y’all perform!   
Will join today at 4 pm CT — don’t miss it it! Listen live here: 
Imagine a President who says “We will stand up and defeat radical Islamic terrorism and we will call it by its name” 
 Thanks so much, Linda. Please encourage your friends to join us here: 
I hope to see you this Friday in Iowa! RSVP here:  
  
 needs to release the long-overdue annual report on Iran’s human rights abuses—and it needs to do it now: 
 Heavy rain overnight across much of TX. Flash flooding at night is especially dangerous!   ht…
If we hope to destroy ISIS before it is too late, we must make clear that is our mission: 
Thank you  for a tremendous showing of support -- together we will reignite the promise of America: 
IOWA: Be a part of the grassroots wave this Friday. RSVP to join us:   
I’m pleased to welcome into the race for the 2016 GOP nomination for President of the United States 
 and its excuses:  
The State Department must release the overdue Iran human rights report now: 
 Important piece by -&gt;  "State Dept. must release the Iran human rights report now"  
Hope to see you in Iowa this Friday. For more info or to RSVP, please visit:  
 GULF COAST RESIDENTS in path of Tropical Storm Bill: Follow local authority warnings. Turn around, don't drown.  …
 BREAKING: Tropical Storm Bill forms in Gulf of Mexico; expected to make landfall in Texas by Tuesday.
Wow,  Thanks so much for your support on Twitter today! Join our fight to reignite the promise of America: 
 391-0: House passes  calling on Iran to release U.S. citizens Saeed Abedini, Amir Hekmati ; Jason Rezaian 
Glad I was able to come see the girls at tennis camp this week! 
Can't wait! 
Obama Admin refuses to supply Kurds—who’ve proven successful fighters—w/ resources they need to defeat ISIS in N Iraq 
I’m glad to welcome to the growing and diverse field of 2016 GOP candidates: 
My approach to radical Islamic terrorism: If you go and join ISIS, you're signing your death certificate. 
We need a clearly defined mission of destroying ISIS --  if you agree!  
IOWANS: I'd love to see you this Friday! For more info or to RSVP to join us, click here:   
 Happy   
We need to repeal every single word of Obamacare!  
 Happy 240th Birthday to  
 May our flag forever fly o'er the land of the free and the home of the brave! 
Thanks to everyone who joined us to celebrate my friend ; relentless fighter for liberty birthday! 
So, we had the chance to host a special guest yesterday.  
Empower the private sector to create millions of good, high-paying jobs ; give more Americans opportunity to succeed: 
Hope you'll read and  my op-ed with It's time we unleash the American energy renaissance: 
I will always fight to defend U.S. sovereignty and the Constitution:  
As a staunch defender of the Constitution ; a free trade conservative, here’s what TPA does:  
28 years ago Ronald Reagan called on the Soviet Union to “tear down this wall.” Two years later, it came down! 
Thanks to for having me on to discuss TPA ; TPP. I’ll always fight to defend US sovereignty:
Listen live here:  
Washington shouldn't be picking winners and losers. Stand with us to   
I’m going to review TPP and see what the agreement is first before assessing if it would be beneficial or harmful: 
I have not voted on TPP, and I haven’t decided if I will support it or not because the negotiation isn’t complete: 
TPP is separate from TPA. Congress has not voted on TPP, and there’s a great deal of concern about TPP: 
TPA is what the Senate voted on recently. I voted in favor of fast track because I support free trade: 
Thanks to for having me on to discuss Trade Promotion Authority, Trans-Pacific Partnership, and more: 
 "When we faced oppression in Cuba, we had a place to flee to. If we lose our freedom here, where do we go?"
 Op-ed: Redefining the mission against ISIS  via 
It’s past time to bring Pastor Saeed Abedini home  
Pastor Abedini's treatment while wrongfully imprisoned by the brutal Iranian regime has been horrific.  
Stand with us to  — add your name today:  
 From Defeating ISIS: 
A true honor to have your support, Let’s  together!   
 America needs steadfast, conservative leadership—that's why I'm supporting   
The upcoming King v. Burwell  decision will be a real opportunity for Congress to lead  
 Op-ed: Redefining the mission against ISIS  via 
The US is blessed w/ greatest fighting force in the history of the world—destroying ISIS isn’t beyond our capability 
Our mission should be to destroy the Islamic State terrorists whose avowed purpose is to harm America and our allies 
I intend to do everything possible to make 2016 a referendum on repealing Obamacare and adopting a flat tax 
Help defend our Constitution. Add your name today:   
Live by the pen, die by the pen. Everything put in place by executive order can be undone by executive order: 
Spoke w/ on what first 100 days of Cruz Admin might look like. Hint: live by the pen, die by the pen: 
Turkish election may represent something that has been in short supply in the Middle East—an opportunity for the US: 
IOWANS: Help build the grassroots wave and join us on Friday, June 19th! More info ; RSVP:  
Turkey's election offers an opportunity for partnership in the fight against terrorism 
Stand for liberty. Take the pledge to defend the Constitution -- all of it:  
 AG victory for life ;  in TX after a federal court upholds HB2.   
IOWA: I look forward to seeing you on Friday, June 19th. Find an event near you and RSVP today: 
 Yes:  and Yes: 
We've got to defend the Constitution — all of it! if you agree! 
Texas: the first state to name an official "Tweeter Laureate." And none more deserving than my friend 
In a Cruz Admin this wouldn't be an issue b/c US would recognize Jerusalem as Israel’s capital  
The Export-Import Bank wasn't a good idea in 1934, and it isn't a good idea in 2015, either!  
Just two days left to enter to join me for an afternoon of shooting. Don't miss your chance: 
Honored to have Steve and Kevin Kookogey serving on our leadership team: 
10 months in and Pres. Obama’s anti-ISIS action has failed. We should unleash our air power to destroy ISIS: 
Help reignite the promise of America -- join the grassroots wave building across America:  
Enter now for your chance to join me for an afternoon of shooting:   
Two states: NH ; MA. One weekend: Will you be next? Help build our grassroots wave: 
 My son with Senator Ted Cruz 
 Debra and I with Sen Ted Cruz 
 And thank YOU for joining us and for fighting for liberty!
THANK YOU to all our supporters who turned out at  I'm honored to fight for liberty alongside you! 
 visiting w/  at    
  
 calling for tax reform. Calling for a flat tax ... And then says we should  Amen!
 with at the NCGOP 2015 State Convention! 
 Sen. discusses importance of religious liberty at   
 Senator received a warm North Carolina welcome today at the State Convention!  
 Regulatory reform is next major goal. Including repeal of Obamacare,  job killer. at 
We’re seeing tremendous enthusiasm here in NC, and it’s a privilege to join y’all at  today!  
Great to join  this weekend — we’re seeing unbelievable enthusiasm and energy for this campaign: 
 Great speaking with you today, Steve!
    
 On D-Day morning at Omaha Beach, US troops leave landing craft, with high casualties, 71 years ago today:       
What a privilege to join the North Carolina Federation of Republican Women today!   
 look forward to seeing y’all! 
There’s no legitimate basis for adding Israel to list that includes parties which only represent the greatest of evil 
 if you agree we need a President who will  
 terrific! Thank y’all for your support!
Discussing how we reignite the promise of America w/ grassroots leaders at Convention. Thx for joining!  
Great talking with in North Carolina today for the Convention!  
  Ex-Im Bank Is Crony Capitalism Run Amok  
Hope to see you at Convention this weekend as we build the grassroots wave:  
I think what Republican primary voters are looking for is trust.   
Primary voters are looking for someone who will stand up and fight to defend conservative principles: 
 The 2016 campaign trail continues to roll through  is next. 
Today, an empty table was a very real symbol of how little regard Obama admin seems to have for the American people: 
Help build the grassroots wave — join us at the Convention this weekend! 
I’m glad to welcome Rick Perry to the ever-growing field of contenders for the 2016 Republican nomination: 
Wow—what a time in MA ; NH! Hope to see you at Convention to build the grassroots wave!  
 Listening to in Howell, MI, "portions of the crowd [took] to their feet in applause on several occasions” 
It was a mistake to use an old joke about Vice President Biden during his time of grief, and I sincerely apologize: 
 50 years ago, Ed White became the first American to walk in space, and Houston became home to Mission Control 
Wishing a very happy 40th birthday! 🎂🎉 Keep up the fight for liberty, my friend!
 Do you stand with the GOP Presidential Field or with Hillary Clinton and K Street?  
Look forward to joining y'all tonight! 
Huge Obamacare premium increases are on the way: We need a  now: 
 My interview with Fox News yesterday: Kin of Americans held in Iran unite: The time is now 
 Today is the 50th anniversary of Ed White's spacewalk, first ever by an American paving the way to spacewalks on the moon a…
It’s time to demand Iran release all Americans wrongfully imprisoned     
  1965,  was first mission controlled from Houston, now known as  
 Congress Uniting with One Voice: Bring Pastor Saeed and the Other American Hostages Home  
Enter now for your chance to join me for an afternoon of shooting:  
Texas is fortunate to have good friends in difficult times. Thank you,  
 It's time for the government to stop picking winners and losers in the economy.  
Tom Brady was framed. And I have it on good authority that Hillary did it. Why do you think she deleted her emails? 
 "I stand before you for my husband who's imprisoned in  for his Christian faith" says of Saeed 
We need YOUR help. Help pick the design of our new mousepad for   
So I paid a visit to Massachusetts on Saturday... 
Thank you NH ; MA for a terrific weekend! Let's reignite the promise of America together:  
No charge for conversations with hundreds of Bay Staters last Saturday... 
In 2017, if Iran hasn’t stopped marching towards nuclear weapons, POTUS should transfer bunker-busters to Israel 
The next president should immediately reimpose sanctions on Iran:  
Too funny. President Reagan humorously sums up our friends on the other side of the aisle in a classic joke: 
We're living in dangerous times. The nation of Israel has never been more in jeopardy: 
Heidi and I extend our deepest sympathies and prayers to all those who knew and loved Beau 
Thank you for the warm welcome, Andover! Together, let's reignite the promise of America!  
 Had a great time meeting and interviewing Hope to see you back again soon!    
Many thanks to for hosting our town hall with today!   
 Welcome 
 Line is out the door for today's Town Hall with Tune in from 12-2 on AM 680 or  
Can’t join us at Southern New Hampshire University for our town hall w/ Join online:  
Only the most recent example of the failed Obama-Clinton-Kerry foreign policy:  
Many thanks to our friends who came out to Franklin Pierce University in Rindge to join us this evening! 
We need a POTUS who’ll chart a new course, not repeat the failures of the past. January 2017 can’t come soon enough 
Obama Admin seems to want an embassy in Havana more than they want to do hard work of securing the American people 
 Sen. meeting with conservative business owners in Manchester, NH 
It's great to be back in New Hampshire! How can you not love a state whose motto is "Live Free or Die"? 
  doing a press avail w/ campaign Co-Chairs in      
Join our campaign to reignite the promise of America -- contribute $5 today:  
  joins for Conversation with the Candidate taping to air soon.    
Very cool… a supporter gave me this at dinner today 
Show you're part of the  -- get your bumper stickers today:  
 
 article contains a factual error… I’m actually on level 357 in Candy Crush  
We've got to defend the Constitution — all of it! Add your name if you're with us:  
We need answers on Obamacare’s subsidy rule-making process, we need them now, and one way or another, we’ll get them: 
 Ted Cruz threatens subpoena of Treasury officials for  testimony  via
Show your support for our campaign to reignite the promise of America — get your shirts today:  
Amnesty is wrong for America and for the rule of law. Especially when done by illegal executive fiat. 
One of the things that is inspiring in this time of challenge is how Texans come together:  
 My thoughts and prayers are with Texans lost and missing in this weekend’s disastrous flooding 
Probably why you shouldn't pass laws to find out what's in them… We need a   
A word of prayer for our first responders putting themselves at risk to rescue others. Please be safe and heed warnings! 
It is breathtaking to think of all the souls who laid down their lives so that we might be free  
This  join me in honoring our servicemen ; women who've fallen; it's their sacrifice that keeps us free. 
This  weekend, what are you doing to help remember and honor those who gave all so we may be free? 
Wishing you a restful and reverent  weekend as we remember those who paid the ultimate price for freedom. 
ICYMI, my father spoke at  yesterday. Please watch and  his remarks! 
Obama admin insists on treating Iran's pursuit of nukes in isolation from Tehran's history of dangerous behavior 
Sorry I can't join y'all in person at  but thank y'all for your tireless work to defend liberty ; reignite the promise of America!
Can you spare just $5 to support our campaign to reignite the promise of America?  
 influence in the Great Lake State and commitment to freedom make her a valued member of our team! 
The stakes are high for this election ; the way we win is to nominate a strong conservative with a positive message: 
We want to see YOU at  this weekend! 
Join our campaign to reignite the promise of America and take the pledge to defend our Constitution today! 
People are fed up with politicians who say one thing and do another   
Humbled by support of courageous conservatives ; 
We’re fighting to defend and protect the Constitution for future generations. Join us:  
  on “he practices what he preaches”   
We'd like YOU to join us at  this weekend in Oklahoma City!  
We need your help. Join us:  
Spotted outside of where we held a discussion with community leaders in Beaumont today  
Greatly enjoyed the chance to discuss how we reignite the promise of America with Golden Triangle community leaders! 
This isn't a matter of left or right. This is common sense.Join us:  
Join us at  this weekend:  We hope to see you there!
This isn't a matter of Dem or GOP. This is common sense...it ain't right to bankrupt our kids and grandkids! 
Thank you for a terrific time at your convention. Look forward to spending more time with y’all! 
If you're going to  in Oklahoma City this weekend, I hope to see you there:  
Honored to have the support of courageous conservatives like Paul Pressler! 
What a series comeback by the   🚀
I hope to earn your support in this campaign to reignite the promise of America. Add your name if you're in: 
Spent the afternoon at Caroline's piano recital. She played Sonatina for a Wooly Worm ; did awesome. That's my girl! 
I hope to see you at  in Oklahoma City next weekend!  
A great pleasure to join courageous conservatives in Athens today for the  
 great to join y'all today!
Justice will now be served for the victims of the savage attack on the Boston Marathon in 2013: 
Though we’re saddened the world lost a legend, we’re fortunate his spirit will live on through his music  
I'd be honored to have YOUR support in this campaign to reignite the promise of America:  
If you’re attending  next weekend in Oklahoma City, I want to meet you there:  
Have you ordered your  shirts yet? Get yours here:  
Great to be in GA to join the Deaton Creek GOP Club for a townhall discussion on reigniting the promise of America! 
LIVE on  Live at Deaton Creek GOP Town Hall 
LIVE on  Live at Deaton Creek GOP Town Hall 
 Do you want to hear from Senator Register for our Saturday lunch and you can!  
"If you like your health care plan, you can keep it.”  
The House passed the  Now the Senate should act to end the NSA's unfettered data collection program 
 This week, began his ground game in Michigan by announcing his new state chairman, 
 A victory fueled by courageous conservatives across TX. Let’s do it again across America:  
We need the support of courageous conservatives across America! Add your name:  
To win we need the support of courageous conservatives across America—and that includes you. Join us: 
I am thrilled to have all of these courageous conservatives join our campaign in New Hampshire  
 Former US Senator Bob Smith: “Senator is a lot like Ronald Reagan.”   
Our military’s job isn't to transform foreign nations into democratic utopias — it's to hunt down ; kill terrorists 
 Thanks so much for your support!
 TUNE IN: AG on in 10 w/ on CNN's 
We begin today with heavy hearts because of yesterday's Amtrak crash. Prayers go out to those injured or killed ; their family ; loved ones.
Our foreign policy ought to be dictated by the vital national security interest of the United States 
  "Often the people that get left behind in this immigration debate are legal immigrants."  
 Don’t miss  tonight – Sen. joins me with reaction to my interview with Tune in at 9p ET.
Imagine abolishing the IRS!Add your name to help make it a reality:  
 For the second month in a row, tops Primary Survey! 
Joining the  tonight on Fox News. Don't miss it! 
Stickers, shirts ; more—show your support for our campaign to reignite the promise of America  
Washington is broken—I've seen it firsthand:  We need YOU to reignite the promise of America: 
 Wishing Richard Overton, our country's oldest WWII combat veteran a very Happy 109th Birthday! 
Let everyone know where you stand in 2016 -- order your bumper stickers today:   
Neither Zarif nor the Ayatollah Khamenei understand that, thankfully, we have no "supreme leader" in America: 
 Show you’re part of the  with this bumper sticker on your vehicle! Order yours:  
Today kindly issued an apology. No offense was taken, nor, I believe, intended—but it is appreciated: 
Unfortunately because of flight delays caused by bad weather, today’s Onawa Townhall has been cancelled. More info: 
Was great to join so many patriots at the  -- hope you'll WATCH and  my remarks from Saturday! 
I am excited to add two incredibly experienced, courageous conservatives to our team: ; 
 "I believe he brings a unique blend.." From  joins us to talk on and more! Tune …
My mom has always been a best friend to me. Happy  
On this  we say thank you to moms everywhere! 
 My mom caring for her 39 year old son battling cancer.  3.5 years ago. That's what moms do.  Love you mom. 
Happy  To the moms of the world, we love you! 
Many thanks to our volunteers who joined us today at the  
Where will we find the answers to the great challenges facing our nation? From YOU! Join us:  
We need millions of courageous conservatives to rise up across America and say “We want our freedom back!” 
Washington is broken. I have seen it firsthand. 
South Carolina plays a critical role in our nation — ensuring we nominate a conservative 
We can't win a war against radical Islamic terrorism with a president who won’t utter words “radical Islamic terrorism” 
We need to restore America’s leadership in the world. 
Education is too important to have it be dictated by unelected bureaucrats in Washington. 
When it comes to standing for religious liberty of Americans, I will always, always, always stand with the First Amendment 
We must defend our constitutional rights — all of them! 
The simplest and most important regulatory reform: we need to repeal every single word of Obamacare  
We need tax reform. The simplest ; best tax reform: we should adopt a simple flat tax. And then  
We’ve got to bring back jobs, growth, and opportunity. 
I don't think we've hit the point of no return yet, but it is close. We must reignite the promise of America 
The reason so many of us are here today is because we love our kids, and this nation is in crisis 
What a blessing to be with so many incredible patriots on this day 
Speaking at the  now. Watch live: 
  spending a little father/son time on    
 Want to show your support for Order your bumper stickers now:    
Look forward to seeing many of you at today's  If you can't join in person, join online around 2:10 pm ET: 
What a spectacular way to celebrate the Greatest Generation ; their tremendous sacrifices for freedom today!  
Great read on a good friend ; courageous conservative who is fighting for Iowa ; our nation in Congress, 
Iowans: we hope to see you in Onawa or Sioux City this Monday! For info or to RSVP visit: 
 LIVE NOW: Vintage WWII aircraft fly over Washington, D.C. on 70th anniversary of   
Congrats to ; for a remarkable victory. Look forward to strengthening the friendship between our nations.
 Prime Minister Winston Churchill acclaimed by crowds in Whitehall, London, VE-Day, 70 years ago today:      
We are a people of faith who see God’s hand in our lives and in our history:  
Sadly, Saeed Abedini is observing his 35th birthday wrongfully imprisoned in an Iranian jail  
As the United States continues negotiations with Iran, let us not forget the Americans wrongfully imprisoned by this brutal regime...
 Terrific -- glad you’ll be able to join us!
IOWANS: Hope to see you in Onawa and Sioux City this Monday! Get more info here: 
Hope to see you at the South Carolina  this Saturday. More info here: 
GOP should present a very clear contrast to lawless ; dangerous tactics embraced by Pres. Obama ; Hillary Clinton 
  on Hillary’s pro-amnesty comments: 
Heidi's and my thoughts and prayers are with all those impacted by last night's tornado outbreak.
Hillary Clinton's declared pro-amnesty platform confirms that she, indeed, is running for Obama's third term: 
An Iran with nuclear weapons poses an unacceptably high risk of murdering millions of Americans or our allies: 
The Senate must stop a bad deal with Iran. My amendment would protect its ability to do so: 
URGENT: Stand w/ us to help preserve the ability of Congress to stop a very bad deal w/ Iran:  
We must stop a bad Iran deal that jeopardizes U.S. national security: 
Humbled to have the support of so many courageous conservatives as we fight to reignite the promise of America! 
Today, there is no greater threat to U.S. national security than the prospect of a nuclear Iran: 
Peace through strength is the only way both to avoid war and to prevent a nuclear Iran: 
The top priority for the Senate should be to stop a bad Iran deal — we need Iran sanctions legislation with teeth: 
I welcome Ben Carson, Carly Fiorina, and Gov. Mike Huckabee into the race: 
Wishing a very happy birthday to
Many congrats to for his reelection as Chairman. Thanks for helping keep the Palmetto State strong and free!
The top priority for the Senate should be to stop a bad Iran deal. Why my amendment to this bill is so important: 
 thanks so much for your support, Kathleen!
We’re grateful to law enforcement who acted decisively to keep Texans safe in Garland, and we'll continue to monitor the situation closely.
Philippians 4:13: I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. Watch 4y/o Catherine conquer the monkey bars 
 Can’t thank you enough for your support — please keep spreading the word!
 Very impressed with remarks on foreign policy today at  convention. 
 Sen. boldly and candidly rousing the crowd at the  Convention.
 Sen. addresses  
 just said "It's fixin' to be a great day in America." I'm so proud!  
 says... He'll fight for "religious liberty" as President.
 At   Met Ted Cruz 
 Sen. takes the stage at the Convention!   
 Sen. is making his way about the convention!  
Day two of the South Carolina GOP Convention is getting off to a great start!  
It's great to be back with so many friends here at the Convention -- thanks for the warm welcome!  
Thanks to for sitting down to discuss the stakes in the 2016 election with me today in Columbia! 
Good afternoon Columbia — look forward to joining y’all at the Palmetto State’s GOP Convention this weekend! 
To win this race, we'll need YOUR help -- please join us and sign up as a volunteer today!   
👍🏻  That time the Zito cowboy boots met cowboy boots 
Great speaking w/ while in Waukee for the Iowa Faith ; Freedom Coalition Summit. Watch our discussion:
Must read: op-ed on the USA FREEDOM Act and stopping the NSA’s mass data collection: 
 so glad you could join us -- thanks so much for your support!
 ICYMI: Washington Times: ‘hitting on a lot of cylinders’ in presidential campaign  
Join in calling on Hillary Clinton to return the donations from foreign govts. Add your name:  
  says  must approve of any   
People are fed up with politicians who say one thing on the campaign trail and then don’t follow through and do what they said 
I think the core issue this race will come down to is trust — who do Republican primary voters trust to do what they said they’d do. 
There has been no other country in the world that has allowed so many to come with nothing and achieve anything 
We need an environment where opportunity is plentiful and businesses are growing and hiring 
And I also believe there is broad bipartisan support outside of Washington for streamlining legal immigration 
I think there is wide bipartisan agreement outside of Washington that we need to secure the border and stop illegal immigration 
What I’ve endeavored to do in the Senate is to tell the truth and do what I said I would do 
In Texas in 2012, I was proud to receive 40% of the Hispanic vote. 
The Obama economy has been a disaster for the Hispanic community 
We need to  and institute a simple flat tax 
Jobs and economic growth ought to be bipartisan priorities 
My number one priority in the United States Senate has been economic growth because growth is foundational to everything else 
We have the prospect, within the next decade, of becoming energy independent and creating thousands of good-paying jobs 
Front and center in this presidential election will be restoring America’s leadership in the world 
 Important column by -&gt;   "Congress must approve of any Iran deal"  via
The top priority for the Senate should be to stop a bad Iran deal. My amendment would ensure that it can: 
What can bring GOP and Dems together in Washington? Ending the NSA’s mass data collection with the USA FREEDOM Act! 
Hope  will rule on side of the Constitution ; let the people, through State reps, continue to define marriage 
Until Hillary returns money from foreign govts, how can the American people trust her w/ another position of power? 
Our government must preserve the peace, protect the people, and serve justice 
We must stop this very bad deal the President has negotiated with Iran: 
If you’d like to help with disaster relief in Nepal, please consider contributing to Samaritan’s Purse here: 
A tragic loss of life caused by a massive earthquake in Nepal over the weekend. Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected.
Spent a wonderful Sunday teaching Caroline to ride a big-girl bike—w/o training wheels! She did awesome; very proud. 
Agree that Hillary should return all the donations from foreign governments? Add your name:  
 thanks so much for your support, for joining us, and for all your help -- keep spreading the word!
Change is coming. In January of 2017, we will have a new president. 
The greatest trick the left ever played was to convince conservatives that America doesn’t share our values 
Religious liberty is an issue that unifies us 
We need leaders who will stand for religious liberty and all our constitutional rights 
This week I introduced a constitutional amendment to preserve authority of states to define marriage as between a man ; woman 
America is a nation founded by men and women fleeing religious persecution 
We have seen religious liberty come under assault at unprecedented levels 
People are waking up. We are seeing an awakening across the state of Iowa and all across this great nation 
I want to come to you tonight with a word of hope and encouragement 
It is great to be back with so many friends here in Iowa tonight 
God bless the great state of Iowa! 
LIVE now at  Watch: 
Speaking shortly at  Join us LIVE here: 
Terrific couple of days in Nevada. On to Iowa — hope to see you there! 
 . files legislation to prevent the federal courts from trying to redefine marriage/religious freedom
Glad to join so many friends in standing with our friend and ally, the nation of Israel, at  this morning. 
Add your name if you agree Hillary should return all donations made by foreign governments:  
Hillary Clinton should return the donations from foreign governments. Add your name if you agree: 
Proud to sign pledge as candidate for president so taxpayers can be assured I’ll do what I say I’ll do. 
Until Hillary returns money from foreign governments, how can American people trust her w/ another position of power?
I call on Hillary Clinton to return the donations from foreign governments:  
 thanks so much for your support — keep spreading the word!
It’ll take a new generation of courageous conservatives to reignite the promise of America. Join us: 
If you agree Hillary should return all money raised from foreign nations, add your name: 
Join in calling for Hillary Clinton to return money raised from foreign nations:  
I’m  to return all the money she raised from foreign nations. Add your name if you are too:
Add your name if you agree Hillary Clinton should return all money raised from foreign nations!
We have to hold the Obama Administration accountable, and that is what trade-promotion authority will help do: 
Imagine a new president signing a  of Obamacare in 2017!Help make it a reality: 
WSJ op-ed w/ in short, TPA is what US negotiators need to win a fair deal for the American worker: 
Wrote an op-ed w/ in support of establishing TPA to strengthen the bargaining position of the US: 
Help get government out of the way and embrace a great American energy renaissance. Add your name today: 
 thanks so much for your support!
 thanks for spreading the word!
Help deliver a  of Obamacare. Add your name —&gt;  
179 yrs ago TX secured its independence at the Battle of San Jacinto. May God continue to bless the Lone Star State! 
 greatly appreciate your support!
 thanks for your support!
Imagine in 2017, a new president signing a  of Obamacare. Help make it a reality: 
LIVE now with on Fox News!
Will be LIVE on America's Newsroom on at 8:15 am CT. Tune in!
 179 years ago this morning—Mighty Texas won its independence!Happy  
On questions of the Constitution—and the Bill of Rights—I, for one, am content to stand with our founding fathers  
Help reignite the promise of America ; get back to the principles that made our nation strong. Sign up to volunteer: 
I’m proud to stand with our founding fathers in support of  even if the NYT “just doesn’t get” their arguments: 
There's a Texan in the running for ACM Entertainer of the Year. Cast your vote for Miranda:  
Terrific to see so many friends at Londonderry Fish ; Game today!   
LIVE on  Live at Londonderry Fish ; Game 
Miss my speech at the New Hampshire  Watch ; :   
We are all the children of men and women who risked everything for freedom.  
I am so grateful to be back with each and every one of you today  
Instead of a president who boycotts PM imagine a president who stands unapologetically with nation of Israel  
If we want to restore American leadership in the world, the first thing we need to do is tell the truth  
One of the things I’m most proud of was introducing legislation to mandate victims of Fort Hood attack receive Purple Hearts they were due
I’m proud to stand with our founding fathers for our liberties!  
We need to defend our Bill of Rights. All of them!  
On regulatory reform, we need a  of Obamacare.  
On tax reform, we need a simple flat tax and then we need to   
It is great to be back with so many friends in New Hampshire!  
Speaking NOW at the New Hampshire First in the Nation Leadership Summit. Watch live:   
Great to see you!  Look who I just ran into 
Glad to hear all appropriate benefits will finally be provided to those who received Purple Heart @ Ft Hood ceremony! 
Thanks to for having me on the podcast.  
Honored to have Congressman supporting our campaign to reignite the promise of America!
 LISTEN: “ is where you go if you want to support Ted... I love me some 
Thank you to all our supporters across all 50 states! Help build the momentum:  
Great conversation today with Catch it on tomorrow's
Thank YOU for your support for our campaign! Let’s keep building the momentum—donate $5 now:  
 Cruz for President Reports $4.3 Million in Last Eight Days of First Quarter  Thanks  
I believe we can stand up and reignite the promise of America: If you do too, join us: 
Help us get back to the principles that made America strong:  
Join our fight to  Contribute $5 or more today:  
It’s  —  if you want to 
 is upon us again. More of Americans’ hard-earned wages should be able to stay in their wallets 
Anyone else feel like this today? Imagine instead, we  ; have a simple flat tax  
A Great American Energy Renaissance is at our fingertips. Let’s embrace its full potential: 
Cuba must prove it is willing to change its behavior before the US removes it from terrorist list 
When it comes to our right to keep and bear arms, the Constitution means what it says  
I’m confident that with your help, we can and will reignite the promise of America together: 
We need a new track. We need to get back to the principles that made America strong:  
We need to restore America’s leadership:  
Pres. Obama ; Sec. Clinton have had their chance. Their policies do not work. Leading from behind is a dismal failure 
There's still time to enter before midnight:  
Marco Rubio is a strong addition to the Republican field, and he will undoubtedly elevate the debate for all of us: 
LIVE on  LIVE John Locke Foundation Luncheon 
Help show your support for OUR campaign -- download a new profile picture today!   
Join me for an afternoon of shooting in TX--donate $25 before midnight for your chance to win  
A well-deserved congratulations and  to Masters champion Way to make Texas proud!
The American people have had enough. I believe now, more than ever, is a time for truth. Join us: 
An honor and privilege to join for his 75th birthday celebration this evening! 
Is the world a safer place because Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State? No:  
We're  Join us:  
 Hitting refresh, waiting for the big announcement like . . . 
President Obama is leaving the Cuban people imprisoned in the past: 
Join me in Texas for an afternoon of shooting! Donate $25 or more here for your chance to win:  
Great discussion w/  Listen ; join the fight to reignite the promise of America 
On the radio LIVE with right now. Listen here: 
A simple message...  Stand with us at   
This is a time for getting back to free market principles ; constitutional liberties that made America the greatest nation on earth 
The only way we will turn this country around is for millions of courageous conservatives to rise up! Join us  
When I was SG of Texas I led a coalition of states before  to win a landmark decision upholding our Second Amendment rights 
In 2016 we need a leader who will tell the truth and do what he said he will do 
Imagine a commander in chief standing up with clarity and saying we will defeat radical Islamic terrorism! 
Joining Leadership Forum at around 4:10 pm CT. Watch live here:  
 Our story from Killeen: After yrs of waiting,  shooting victims receive Purple Hearts  ht…
Truly humbling to witness these heroes finally receive the recognition they've been long due   
 “Enough games!” – Ted Cruz promises to keep fighting for benefits of Fort Hood soldiers 
I will continue to fight until every one of these soldiers receives the benefits they deserve   
 COMING UP: joins us LIVE at 8:52am/et 
Grateful the victims of Fort Hood terrorist attack will finally receive Purple Heart these heroes so rightly deserve 
Courageous conservatives: we need your support! Sign up to volunteer today:  
Red, white, or blue -- we've got a new profile pic for you! Download yours here:   
We stand together for liberty! Join the fight:  
I hope that the victims of the Boston terror attacks can find some solace and closure following today’s verdict: 
Give bold voice ; action to reclaiming the unlimited potential of each of us. Join the fight:  
It is a time for liberty! This is our fight — help reignite the promise of America:  
It is a time to reclaim the Constitution! Join the fight:   
I am glad to welcome my friend Rand Paul into the 2016 GOP primary: 
Show your support for our campaign to reignite the promise of America -- download an avatar!  
WATCH our TV ad that aired this weekend  Then join the fight to reignite the promise of America 
 Victims of 2009 Fort Hood attack to be awarded Purple Hearts ; Defense of Freedom Medals. 🇺🇸 htt…
Help reignite the promise of America by signing up to volunteer today:  to encourage your friends to do the same!
He is risen! Today is a day to cherish our faith, our freedoms, and all precious gifts we've been blessed to receive. 
Great talking with earlier today at Palmetto Pig 
A crowd full of optimism for reigniting the promise of America at the Aiken Republican Club  
LIVE on  Aiken Republican Club Town Hall with 
Good barbecue and great conversation at Palmetto Pig BBQ in Columbia today!  
As our Jewish friends celebrate the Passover, let us give thanks for the gift of freedom: 
Great time with courageous conservatives at in Spartanburg this afternoon. 
Washington is broken. Trust me, I’ve seen it first-hand.The answers to the challenges facing our nation will only come from the people!
We’re going to make 2016 a national referendum on repealing Obamacare and abolishing the IRS!
The simplest and most important regulatory reform is we need to repeal every word of Obamacare! 
We start to reignite the promise of America by bringing back jobs, growth, and opportunity.
There has been no country in the history of the world that has allowed so many to start with nothing and achieve anything.
We are all here because we love our kids and we’re worried about the direction this country is going.
LIVE on  Spartanburg County GOP Town Hall at the Beacon Live with 
Thanks for joining us!  Thank you coming back to Iowa! it was great to see you again, Senator and Mrs. Cruz!
Have you seen our new TV ad airing today and on Easter Sunday? Hope you'll watch and !  
Thank you Iowa for a terrific couple of days. On to South Carolina in the morning! 
Instead of a President who boycotts imagine a President who stands unapologetically with the nation of Israel 
We need to restore America’s leadership in the world 
Education is too important to have it be dictated by unelected bureaucrats in Washington. 
Religious liberty is foundational to America. We're a country that was founded by men and women fleeing religious oppression. 
The 2016 election should be a referendum on  and a  of Obamacare! 
We need regulatory reform. The simplest and most important regulatory reform? Repeal every word of Obamacare!  
The single best tax reform? We should adopt a flat tax! And when we do that, we should  
We’ve got to bring back jobs, and growth, and opportunity 
|LIVE NOW| Des Moines Town Hall Live with  
Honored ; humbled to stand w/ each of you at as we fight to restore our “Shining City on a Hill." 
|LIVE NOW| Linn County GOP Town Hall Live with @ tedcruz  
|LIVE NOW| Linn County GOP Town Hall Live with  
A crowd of courageous conservatives in Cedar Falls is ready to turn the page and reignite the promise of America! 
 LIVE on  Ted Cruz holds another standing room only town hall in Cedar Falls  
Wow. $4 million in just over a week after launching our campaign because of YOU. Thanks for your incredible support! 
Terrific to join so many courageous conservatives at standing to reignite the promise of America! 
Great to join friends in Sioux City who are rising up to turn our country around ; reignite the promise of America! 
If elected, the 1st thing I intend to do is rescind each unconstitutional or illegal executive action from Pres Obama 
A new generation of courageous conservatives is rising up. Join the fight:  
Together, we can win this race and reignite the promise of America. Join us with a $10 contribution before midnight: 
|LIVE NOW| Cruz for President Campaign HQ Open House  
Thanks to everyone joining our Campaign HQ Open House! Download your photos at  
On the LIVE now. Listen here: 
If you want to see courageous conservatives come together to turn this country around, we need your support: 
On the air LIVE with now. Listen here:  
Help reignite the promise of America — please chip in $5 before midnight: 
We have a critical fundraising deadline at midnight. Please chip in $5 to help reignite the promise of America: 
I’m proud to stand with Gov. for religious liberty, and I urge Americans to do the same 
Help reignite the promise of America:  
IOWANS: Look forward to joining you across the state on Wednesday, 4/1, ; Thursday, 4/2. For details ; to RSVP: 
This is our fight! Let’s reignite the promise of America together:  
Wishing you and your family a blessed and reverent 
It’ll take a new generation of courageous conservatives to reignite the promise of America. Join us:  
Thanks to ; for a terrific brunch and discussion this morning!   
 "Repeal every word of Obamacare and abolish the IRS."  
 "Young people have always been on the cusp of change." -Ted Cruz  
We're all the children of those who risked everything for freedom. Let's reignite America's promise together! 
I’m encouraged by courageous conservatives here ; across America rising up to reignite America’s promise!  
Join our fight to reignite the promise of America:   
I believe we can rise up and restore America's promise.  if you do too!  
Join the fight to defend liberty and reclaim the Constitution:  
I am honored to stand with each of you as we rise up to reignite the promise of America:  
I believe in the power of millions of courageous conservatives rising up to reignite the promise of America. Join us 
Wow! What a tremendous start to this campaign -- our campaign: Thank you for your support: 
Join our grassroots army of courageous conservatives to help reignite the promise of America: 
It’s a time for truth. A time to rise to the challenge — just as Americans have always done:  
In 2017, if we win this race, I hope ; expect to sign a  of Obamacare. Join us:  
Speaking live with NOW. Tune in: 
LIVE on the now! Tune in: 
Together, if we mobilize courageous conservatives, we can reignite the promise of America:  
 Live, from New York: interview w/ is getting underway. Watch:  
  interviews presidential contender in NYC this afternoon, 2 CDT. We're  it. Watch: 
The heart of our campaign is a grassroots movement from the people. Join us:  
 joins me on radio now. Listen free:  Watch:   SJ 
LIVE with on the radio. Listen here: 
Powerful montage from  Imagine....
Enjoyed sitting down with  Hope you won't miss today's show! 
Sat down with today to discuss my announcement at Don’t miss it on tonight! 
I believe in America ; her people. I believe we can stand up ; restore our promise! Join us:  
I am running for President to stand with each of you to reignite the promise of America:  
Spoke w/ on radio about today’s speech:  Don't miss hour-long TV interview on Hannity​ tonight
 Tomorrow On TODAY ;Heidi Cruz's 1st joint interview since announcing presidential run  
Appreciate the kind words!  Great speech this morning by announcing for President..Terrific content and delivery..
Want to get involved in our campaign to reignite the promise of America? Sign up to volunteer: 
I am running for President of the United States to stand with each of you to reignite the promise of America 
The power of the American people when we rise up and stand for liberty knows no bounds. 
Instead of a president who boycotts PM imagine a president who stands unapologetically with the nation of Israel!
Imagine a federal government that protects the right to keep and bear arms for all law-abiding Americans.
Imagine a federal government that stands for the First Amendment rights of every American!
Imagine abolishing the IRS! 
Five years ago today, the President signed Obamacare into law. Imagine in 2017, a new president signing a  of it!
Imagine millions of courageous conservatives rising up together to say, in unison, we demand our liberty!
The promise of America has allowed millions of people to come to America with nothing and achieve anything 
Some people wonder if faith is real. In my family, there’s not a second of doubt: 
Today I want to talk with you about the promise of America: 
Speaking at now. Watch LIVE: 
Will be speaking at momentarily. Watch live here: 
I'm running for President and I hope to earn your support! 
Tonight around midnight there will be some news you won’t want to miss. Stay tuned…
 My interview on how Obama Admin. may be sanctioned for misleading judge on Obama's amnesty order: 
Long past time for Iran to release our Americans MT Pres. Obama on Americans detained/missing in Iran → 
 LIVE on
Congrats to — he's been an extraordinary leader for Israel! 
Had a great time raising a toast for Saint Patrick's Day with friends yesterday evening! 
Watch ; : Discussed importance of rejecting Obama Admin’s very bad deal w/ Iran ; more on 
Joining momentarily -- tune in! 
Hope y’all will tune in!  Tonight:  Keri Russell, and music from   
Look forward to appearing on NBC's at 12:35am ET/11:35pm CT TONIGHT.Tune in and tell your friends! 
 Stay tuned for tomorrow's big interview with  
The American free enterprise system has been the greatest engine for prosperity the world has ever seen  
If we want growth, our focus has to be on small businesses. 2/3 of all new jobs come from small businesses  
A pleasure to join  this AM to discuss a critical topic -- opportunity conservatism  
The energy, passion ; enthusiasm to turn our nation around is breathtaking    
I'm optimistic because of the men and women rising up all across America to turn our nation around!  
Was proud to argue before  that no POTUS--Dem or GOP--can give up the sovereignty of the American people!  
Federal govt has no business sticking its nose in education. We need to repeal every word of Common Core!  
We're a country that was founded upon religious liberty, and the federal government shouldn't be coming after it.  
Our first priority needs to be bringing back jobs, growth, and opportunity.  
There is an urgency in politics unlike anything we've seen before. It's  in America  
We are in remarkable times. We are deeply concerned about the direction of this country.  
Look forward to joining Grafton County GOP's Lincoln Day Dinner this evening. Watch live:   
Great Chili ; Chat w/ this afternoon -- it's  in America!  
We're going to stand together and turn this country around!  
 Senator Ted Cruz is expected next on     
If you want to join our grassroots army ; help reignite the  text the word CONSTITUTION to 33733! 
Admin is giving us choice b/w bad deal ; war. There’s another option, which is a better deal:  
We should not be willing to risk the global cataclysm that would result from Iran acquiring ; using a nuclear weapon 
Looking forward to speaking with around 6 pm CT. Hope you’ll join us live online here: 
 The President must respect the rule of law. Read my op-ed in the National Review:  via 
 Important question: if deal with Iran isn't legally binding, then what's to keep Iran from breaking said deal and develop…
Can't wait to join ; many friends in NH on 4/18 to discuss how we reignite the   
We made DC listen! You spoke out ; ATF decided not to follow through w/ “green tip” ammo ban. Keep speaking out! 
Sadly, Lt. Commander Wes Modder is latest target in a series of assaults on religious liberty in military ; across US 
Congress should use every constitutional tool it has to rein in the abuse of power by this President 
President Obama’s executive amnesty is wrong, it’s unfair, and it’s unconstitutional.  
There’s a frustration across America w/ politicians who campaign saying one thing ; do something different in office 
  live with now on Listen:  
Joining live on Mickelson in the Morning @ 9am CT. In Des Moines? Tune in to If not, join online 
Congrats ; best wishes to new Chairman, Look forward to working alongside you to keep Texas free and prosperous!
Live now at  Tune in:  
Iowa farmers feed our nation ; world. Govt shouldn't stand in their way. Watch our  discussion @ 11am CT 
Bloody Sunday was an assault on the dignity of each man, woman, and child, and on the rights bestowed on them by God alone 
“I shall never surrender or retreat.”   
It is our shared legacy as Texans. Always standing for liberty no matter the cost.  
 Asked federal judge for discovery today to investigate misrepresentations by DOJ re Obama's illegal  
Letting Americans buy insurance across state lines just makes sense. Proud to fight for it w/ 
On this day in 1952, Ronald Reagan and Nancy Davis were married.  
The Obama Administration's deal with Iran must be stopped! 
ICYMI: Israeli PM powerful address to Congress on importance of stopping nuclear Iran:  
 Elie Wiesel, Ted Cruz Urge U.S. to Take Iran Seriously, Listen to   via 
Proud to stand with Prime Minister with the nation of Israel, and against a nuclear Iran! 
Happy Texas Independence Day!  The Most Texas Things in Office  
  
Happy Texas Independence Day! 
