I don't even know what a wine cave is, but I'm sure I don't like it!
While they were able to reach an agreement, there’s still too many working people fighting for a better wage. Let this be a model for leaders to put our workers before politics. 
Working people, including those preparing for our next debate, deserve to be put first. I am hopeful from the support shown by the democratic candidates for
 has shown his true colors: he’s a billionaire who shames others for not making as much as he did and spent his time as mayor making the rich even richer. 
 is a fighter. She’s a trailblazer and a clear voice for justice in the Senate. We’re lucky she’ll be a leader and conscience in this party for a long time to come.
 is right. bought elections in New York City and now he thinks he can buy the presidency. This is not how America is supposed to work. 
First all female moderated panel.  Not surprising that it stuck to substance and the issues people want to understand. Congrats to
I said it once, I’ll say it again. This is a fight for the heart and soul of the Democratic Party and we need a candidate that puts working people first, which only some candidates on tonight’s stage understand.
Bernie has more energy and vigor than most folks in their twenties — and I can attest to it. His voice matters deeply to this race. It’s time for the media to get back to talking about the issues that matter.
 The DNA test results are in, turns out is 100% gonna hold accountable.
 It's about time someone drained the damn swamp. Go get 'em,
 helped Dems talk sense on trade in Prez race. Thankfully also get it 
 No question that during his campaign brought up issues that needed more airtime: inequality, racial justice...…
 There are so many good memories from the trail, but this one stands out for me. As we were preparing for
  run for President put his progressive accomplishments center stage. Universal prek, paid sick days, endin…
 Thank you for running a smart, positive campaign. I hope everyone takes note of your "put working people fir…
 It was not Bill de Blasio’s time, but I appreciated his compelling vision of bold progressivism. His achievements as ma…
 I agree with Mayor that the fight for working families isn't over. I appreciate him continuing his fight ag…
 From Universal Pre-K to fighting for raising the minimum wage, has a record of taking on the important issues w…
 Nothing can take away the accomplishments: Universal pre-k, ending stop ; frisk, paid sick days, NYC’s Green New Deal. A…
 Thank you for your advocacy for working people, your work on universal pre-K education, and for having been…
 '36 million American workers could lose their jobs as early as 2030.’ — Mayor might’ve ended his presidentia…
 Lifting up working families was the centerpiece of campaign. His proposed workers’ Bill of Rights was a step…
 one hell of a ride. 
  snapped this pic about 48 hours before we launched. I had no idea what lay ahead but knew prom…
  president Peter Ward: “We know will continue to build on the groundbreaking progressive changes he’s alr…
 Congratulations to on running a campaign to lift up working people and push for bold solutions we need, in…
 I had the chance to spend a bit of time with Bill DeBlasio and his family on the trail. He has done a lot for New Yorkers,…
 Thank you for making working families the center of your campaign. This is our moment to fight for an America th…
 From trips on the road, to debates to gaggles, you all have made this journey incredibly rewarding ; fun. And to
It’s true: I’m ending my candidacy for president. But our fight on behalf of working people is far from over. 
 Coming up next: Stay tuned for some breaking 2020 news.
Going live with on Tune in!
 Dr. Emily Clyburn was a vibrant force for change and a beautiful soul who will be sorely missed. Her legacy will live on and…
Had a great time talking with on on the latest presidential debate! It’s powerful to see young people like him fighting to make a difference in the world.Take a listen to our podcast conversation here &gt;&gt;&gt; 
 New episode and talk the latest 2020 presidential debate before Jarrod chats with 2020 Preside…
  has a plan to implement NYC’s public campaign financing scheme nationwide. 
If we’re going to fix our broken democratic system, we need solutions that fit the scale of the problems that we face.My Democracy Platform makes the changes we need to once again create a government by, of, and for the people.Check out my plan on here &gt;&gt; 
Sending love and prayers to after the loss of his wife Emily, an incredible and dynamic activist whose legacy will live on.Rest in power, Dr. Clyburn.
As you read this, Trump and his corporate enablers are still pressing for passage of the USCMA deal, aka NAFTA 2.0.I’m calling on everyone to please tell your representative in Congress to say, “NO” to NAFTA 2.0 and demand trade policy that actually PROTECTS workers.
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again and again: STOP THIS MARCH TO WAR.A war with Iran would put countless lives in danger. Our country has made that mistake before. We CANNOT do it again. 
 and I send our love, solidarity and best wishes to Rachael and Carl today. Thinking of you, brother. 
 Promise is showing America’s harsh reality of gun violence in America and how it impacts our own children.It’s necessary for parents to see the truth. 
Congratulations to for winning the highest recorded percentage win in 20 years for the  mayoral election! We celebrate you and your progressive leadership tonight!
On this day 8 years ago, Occupy Wall Street was launched and radically changed politics in New York City and this country. We can’t stop fighting until this country truly works for the 99%. 
Americans didn’t bail out GM so they could slash jobs and pay. In the 1930s, sit down strikes gave birth to the middle class. Today we all must join them to defend it. 
 I teamed up with New York City's own to curate a music mix of some of my favorite jams featuring
Had a great conversation with Ken Riley, an extraordinary leader of ‘s local chapter in Charleston, South Carolina about the automation job crisis and how to fight back with union organizing.We must organize to protect American workers from the ills of job automation. 
 What a fabulous take on New York City’s multi-ethnic, cross generational block parties, on celebrating life together, on love…
 “When you say, what about the workers? What about the people? A silence descends in the room.”On the latest Recode Decode…
I recently sat down with on to speak on how automation is an existential threat to working people in this country.I argue against UBI as the ultimate solution to the automation crisis, which is why I’ve introduced the robot tax.Listen to the podcast here: 
  will appear live on Myrtle Beach’s at 8:35 AM this AM- tune in!
 So tried to bring attention to this on Monday. He visited a school in San Juan. was the only news c…
Brett Kavanaugh should’ve never been sworn in. He knows it. His college buddies know it. His VICTIMS know it.The Senate Judiciary must re-open its investigation NOW. 
Great people, great food and great conversation over at Brown’s BBQ in Kingstree, SC. 
Last week, IBM announced that more than 120 million employees would need to be “retrained” due to the presence of artificial intelligence. The time to meet the threat of automation is right now. 
 Today I did FOUR Recode Decode podcasts on big issues with ceo, of
Last month, a racist empowered by Donald Trump drove 10 hours to murder Latinx men, women and children in Texas.Yet just a few weeks later, the GOP is okay with airing political ads featuring the burning face of Latina congresswoman. This is dangerous and downright sick. 
Great to join with to discuss my automation plan yesterday. Listen in to learn more about my proposed robot tax.
Go to  to contribute toward getting my voice on that stage next month.  
The Democratic Party will only win next November by nominating someone who can ensure that it is the party of working people. 
It showed when no candidate spoke up about a credible plan for automation, Puerto Rico or how they'd translate progressive proposals into reality for millions of Americans. 
Despite having 10 candidates on stage, something was still clearly missing from tonight's debate: someone who has actually delivered real change for working people. 
Thanks for sharing the story about your dad, 
Nothing tonight on the looming threat of automation and what it means for working people across our country. Here's why it should've been one of the first questions:  
To truly invest in our public education system, we have to start EARLY. Public pre-k changed my family’s life — so making it available for the 8.6 million people of New York City was my first priority.  
When Washington ran away, we signed an executive order committing New York City to the goals of the Paris Agreement and released the first city plan in the world to align with the agreement’s 1.5C target. 
Climate change is the biggest threat of our time. In New York City, we’ve championed our own  by enacting world-leading retrofit mandates. 
 Just this week, I rolled out the ONLY plan to rebuild and revitalize the community of our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico:  
Note to Puerto Rico is in OUR country. 
We’ve got to give workers the pen to rewrite our trade deals.  
Nobody should have to live in constant fear of gun violence — especially our kids. Strong gun laws keep ALL of us safe. That peace of mind is priceless. 
In New York City, we ended the era of stop-and-frisk policing and required officers to wear body cameras, receive implicit bias training and to be trained in de-escalation. By healing the bonds between police and community, we've become the safest big city in America. 
Health care is a human right. Period. 
 I pay $9,000 per month for the cost of full-time care, I'm grateful for the Affordable Care Act, but the status q…
 and are right — we have to stop pretending that Americans are in love with their premiums, deductibles and insurance costs. We've expanded health care for EVERYONE here in New York City and it's time we did the same for the entire country. 
You won’t see me on stage tonight. But I'm joining you to watch the  live — and I'll hold to task every single one of the candidates on stage.
You won’t see a candidate who ended the era of stop-and-frisk while reducing crime year after year to become the safest big city in the country. 
You won’t see a candidate that has raised the minimum wage to $15/hour for 8.6 million people while rolling out paid sick leave for an additional half-million working people. 
You won’t see a candidate that has rolled out free, high-quality pre-K for three and four year olds in the biggest city in the nation. 
We’re a few minutes away from the  but there are already a few things you definitely won’t see tonight.
Thanks for chatting with me, !
Had a pretty personal conversation with Terrell Starr and about how having a family opened my eyes to the depths of racial injustice. 
This deal doesn’t go far enough. The Sacklers must do more for families whose lives were forever altered by the opioid crisis they created.
The Supreme Court has made it virtually impossible for anyone to seek asylum at our border. When future generations look back on history, they’ll see that the Supreme Court was standing on the wrong side of it.
Hats off to you for a big win yesterday!  is vital for fighting back against climate change and protecting coastal communities like ours 
This is an overt attack on unions — and an attack on unions is an attack on all working people. We’ve gotta fight for our unions like we fight for our families. 
This president should be the LAST person casting stones. It’s long past time to get our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico the funding they need to rebuild. 
This is BIG. We’ve gotta demand fairness for ALL working people — especially from companies that claim to be the standard bearers of “innovation.” 
“A McKinsey ; Company report speculated that by 2030, as many as one-third of all Americans jobs could be made obsolete by A.I and robotics. One third.” 
It’s been 18 years since September 11, 2001 and so many of us are closing our eyes tonight with hearts that still ache. As a country, it’s our duty to be there for those still struggling. And it’s our duty to mean it when we say  
 The  shines for all innocent lives taken on September 11, 2001  
Always.  
 The is hallowed ground. Join us to honor those we lost 18 years ago today.  
New York City will never forget those we loved and lost. We will never forget the courage or the sacrifice. And we will never forget those who are only there for us one day a year.
The truth is this: Washington is FULL of people who pretend to love our city one day a year. “Leaders” in Congress spent most of 2019 blatantly forgetting the sacrifices of our first responders in order to dodge their responsibility to fund the 9/11 Victims Compensation Fund.
“Never forget.”It's not a bumper sticker slogan for New Yorkers. It's a solemn commitment to those we loved and lost on September 11, 2001 — and to those who continue to suffer.
Good question, Here’s the thing: most folks can’t know which new drugs are safe—that’s why we have the FDA. I'd create an agency to define, regulate, and yes tax job-automating tech so when a worker is replaced with a machine, companies pay—not the worker's family. 
While we’ve expanded health care for everyone here in New York City, our country is in the midst of a health care crisis.There should be no such thing as a family without health care in 2019. 
Years after returning home from combat, my father took his own life. The stigma attached to mental illness prevented him from ever seeking or accepting help. It’s time for our health care system to include mental health care as a human right. 
 On this  remember that it’s on all of us — leaders, educators, mentors — to help prevent suicide. L…
 We launched  to make a difference in the lives of all New Yorkers — and I’m grateful to be part of this movement to…
 As one who served on the staff of when he served on the and introduced him to many prominent Jewish…
 Thank you.
La promesa de la democracia americana nunca ha llegado a Puerto Rico de la manera que debería haber. 
Unlike universal basic income, my automation plan wouldn't accept a post-work future. It would instead hasten the intrinsic value of a work-filled future — in spite of automation. 
 HTC President Peter Ward: "On behalf of our 40,000 members, I applaud for taking yet another step forward for work…
“Nobody knows what the future will bring but we do know that the mayor of the City of New York is a rare breed, unquestionably committed to his progressive agenda while also being a staunch supporter of Israel.”Thank you, 
Ahora mismo, tenemos al Departamento de la Vivienda federal aguantando el dinero destinado para la recuperación de Puerto Rico, lo que es absolutamente inaceptable. 
Consulten mi plan y contribuyan para ayudarme a mantener las necesidades urgentes de Puerto Rico dentro de la conversación political nacional. 
Consulten mi plan y contribuyan para ayudarme a mantener las necesidades urgentes de Puerto Rico dentro de la conversación political nacional. 
Yo como presidente, me aseguraré que Puerto Rico tenga los recursos suficientes para reconstruirse despues de la tormenta y revitalizar su economía.
Más puertorriqueños llaman la ciudad de Nueva York su hogar que cualquier otro lugar fuera de la isla. Yo como alcalde, sé que ellos cuentan con que el gobierno federal cumpla sus promesas con el pueblo de Puerto Rico.
Desde que el huracán María tocó tierra en Puerto Rico hace dos años, con cada mes que pasa deja en claro que Washington se ha olvidado de la isla y de los TRES MILLONES de ciudadanos estadounidenses que la llaman su hogar.
As President, I’ll make sure Puerto Rico has the resources it needs to rebuild from the storm and revitalize its economy. Check out my plan and contribute to help me keep the urgent needs of Puerto Rico in the national conversation. 
More Puerto Ricans call New York City home than anywhere outside of the island itself. As Mayor, I know they’re counting on the federal government to keep its promises to the people of Puerto Rico.
Since Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico two years ago, every passing month makes it clearer that Washington has forgotten about this island and the THREE MILLION American citizens who call it home.
Touring neighborhoods still recovering from the destruction of Hurricane Maria two years ago. Trump’s blatant disregard for our fellow citizens living in Puerto Rico is one of his biggest failures to date. 
As President, I would issue a robot tax for corporations displacing humans, and create a federal agency to oversee automation. 
Such a pleasure to meet with school employees in San Juan this morning. The resilience of our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico is astounding. 
The first thing Congress should do now that it’s back in session is push McConnell to pass common sense gun legislation.The time is today. Not tomorrow. Not next week. TODAY.
 Ok, we know we said we were done at  But caught up with to talk 
 Working with Mayor to create  for NYC was pretty awesome!!! Even b…
In President Obama’s farewell address, he warned Americans about a grave threat that has received less attention that it merits.  
  with at   
Why would an executive of a major financial institution support someone who’s fighting for everyday people? 
We can’t allow automation to go unchecked as the rich get richer at the expense of working people. Even couldn’t disagree with that.  
There aren't a ton of metrics in politics, but if you're pissing off a guy named Grover Norquist, you're probably doing something right. My automation plan:  
Just finished a live interview with If it’s not already clear, I’ll take on anyone who challenges what we’re trying to do for working people. Who wants next? Go to  and we’ll make some appointments.
 De Blasio’s calling for the creation of a "Federal Automation and Worker Protection Agency,” a.k.a. FAWPA. 
 Opinion from Bill de Blasio  "The scale of automation in our economy is increasing far faster than most people reali…
 De Blasio proposes "robot tax" to counter job losses from automation  
My automation plan is the ONLY plan that would provide security for current workers and facilitate new, secure, good-paying jobs for the next generation of working people. Take a look — and chip in if you’re with us: 
Current automation practices are an existential threat to our nation’s workforce. These practices destroy good-paying jobs and direct more and more profits to the wealthiest Americans. 
Generations of working Americans greeted technological advancement with hope instead of fear because they knew it would complement good-paying jobs — not replace them.That is no longer true for this generation. 
Today I’m proposing a plan to protect American workers and ensure we all share in the gains of a high tech future. 
 Accessibility to pre-K allowed my son to grow into the wonderful man he is today and I’m so glad that today it’s becoming a r…
 On this first day of school, we all often think back on our children. It feels like I was taking my son Dante to school not t…
I remember when we took our kids to their first days of school. Sometimes they didn’t want to let go, but most times they didn’t want to leave the classroom. As for us dads: it never really gets easier — but we get through it. Our best to you and Vanessa! 
Our children learn the most between birth and five years old. Today we introduced free, high-quality pre-k for three year olds in all five boroughs of New York City. It's time we did the same in all fifty states of this country. 
 Someone's swinging into his first day of 3-K   
 Happy First Day of School, New York City!As we speak, students across our city are getting ready for a new year — and some…
Every child in every corner of this country deserves an early education that will set them on a course to a brighter future.
If you’re a parent with a kid who has experienced our Pre-K For All program here in New York City, my team would love to hear what universal pre-K has meant for your family.If your child finished pre-school elsewhere, we’d still love to hear from you: 
One of my first priorities as president will be to provide high-quality, full-day universal pre-K for every three and four year old in the United States — just like we’re doing here in New York City. To teach our kids, I'll create 500,000 new teaching jobs in the next decade.
Patrick from Queens said, “I remember how my kids' mom used to struggle to get our first son to attend half-day pre-K while also nursing two younger kids. Memories of this make universal pre-K a godsend. All our kids deserve quality UPK if they are to function in today's world.”
Hector from Staten Island said it was “very helpful.” Jascena from the Bronx said that because both of her sons completed universal pre-K, they were ready to “read and write sentences” by the time they started school.
Earlier this week, I asked folks in our community how Pre-K for All has made a difference for them — and the responses that came back were pretty inspiring.
Access to quality pre-K made a huge difference for our kids, and ultimately changed the lives of our family. That’s why my first goal as mayor was to provide free pre-K for every child in New York City — and I did it.
We celebrated Dante’s 22nd birthday last night, but and I still remember waking him and his sister up on first day of school just like it was yesterday.The best part about sending them off to school back then was knowing they were prepared. 
There’s nothing like the feeling of the first day of school. To all of the parents and caregivers that are sending their children off to school this morning: enjoy every minute of it. The time goes by too quickly — but the earlier they start, the stronger they finish.
 We hope you’ll listen, chip in and share what you enjoyed most!  
 From his earliest years, Dante has been intent on going places, but it’s hard to believe he has traveled so far and so fast.…
From his youngest years, Dante has always been thoughtful + caring + kind. He has turned into a big man with an even bigger heart and a wonderful mind. I'm as proud as can be! Happy Birthday, D! 
This is NOT up for debate: when you lock up children in cages and separate them from their parents, they are left scarred and traumatized. If you can stomach it, I encourage you to read this report. Trump's "zero tolerance" policy is inhumane and unconscionable. 
 I am praying for the people of the Bahamas, on the island and here in New York City. You are not alone.💛
Had a great time talking about universal pre-K, health care, the safest big city and baseball loyalty (not stubbornness) over at Check it out, chip in what you can and share your thoughts:  
This is a big win for our democracy. 
 New 2020 candidate interview! New York City Mayor joins to talk about running a city, achievin…
 So pleased to hear that  is showing leadership and taking action to address our gun violence epidemic, although Trump…
Paging Mitch McConnell: you can take a hint from  Now that you’re back from summer vacation, it’s time to act and ban assault weapons.
Powerful words from president on how unions have been the vehicle to help working people secure good jobs with fair wages and benefits — all WITHOUT crushing health care costs or student debt. 
Over the past 50 years, economic gains have been increasingly concentrated at the very top.This  we can’t wait any longer to re-write the rules of our economy so that it works for workers — not just because of them. My op-ed: 
Right-wing media calls a $15 minimum wage, two weeks paid time off and two weeks notice on your work schedule “socialism.”I call it a 21st Century Workers’ Bill of Rights:   
This  we remember the workers who fought for modern standards like the 8-hour work day, a federal minimum wage and workplace safety.Let’s honor their victories by fighting for workers of the 21st century. My plan: 
We’re guaranteeing health care to everyone who doesn’t have it. 
Who can turn a blind eye to an epidemic as tragic as this one?A president bought and sold by the NRA. That’s who. 
Americans with disabilities shouldn’t have to wait for a strong economy to find fulfilling employment with fair wages — and disabled workers shouldn’t have to be the first casualties of an economic downturn. 
Enough is ENOUGH. 
 What’s good for our planet is good for us — let’s take care of both!
The only folks benefiting from the “opportunity” of Trump’s tax giveaway are the developers who asked him for it.
The concentration of wealth and power is in the hands of a few. It doesn’t have to be that way. 
Of course he did. New Yorkers know he’s been lying like this for decades. 
 Mayor talking with members about healthcare/public workers, the need to organize underpaid work…
The defense of such a deeply anti-Semitic ad by the Rockland County GOP is reprehensible. The ad blatantly invokes Nazism and calls the growth of our Hasidic community a “threat to white families.”White supremacy and the cowards who dare to defend it are a threat to us all. 
 The video released by the Rockland County Republican Party is anti-Semitism at its most grotesque. They should be deeply asha…
There’s nothing “demonizing” about wanting equitable access to the American Dream. My plan:  
First, it was undocumented immigrants. Then, asylum seekers. Then, families of immigrants. Then, legal immigrants. Now it’s the children of parents brave enough to protect our country. Make no mistake — this is just further proof of Trump’s blinding xenophobia. 
 I will never forget how you and  made me feel last night. With gratitude and love. 🙏🏾 ❤️ 
 With Hurricane  fast approaching Puerto Rico, we’re receiving regular updates and are in contact with the National Hur…
Thanks for all you do to represent our great state, Your powerful advocacy has been vital to this race. All the best from me and
Disgraceful. 
 More than 51 years ago, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated. Just years before, he gave his “I Have A Dream” speech a…
 16-year-old showed more climate leadership in one ocean voyage than the entire Trump administration has since…
Dr. King knew the biggest threat to the status quo was the understanding that the fight for civil rights was intrinsically tied to the fight for economic justice. 56 years after the March on Washington, let’s honor him by fighting for ALL of his dream to become a reality. 
This is state-sponsored robbery. And if  results in EVEN ONE fatality due to lack of resources, it's state-sponsored murder. 
Our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico haven't just been bracing for this storm. They've been bracing for blows like this: a president who would rob his own citizens to fund racist immigration enforcement policies. 
Families can't afford to wait on Donald Trump — especially when it comes to health care. 
 You’re absolutely right, Steven. We actually began the expansion to three year olds last year. Early education is changing lives in our city.
 Bill de Blasio: "Donald Trump has spent his last three years trying to take away health care from millions and millions of Ame…
I'm with you, It's working here in New York City and it could work for the entire nation:  
Serena Williams has no rival. Congratulations to one of the greatest athletes of all time. 
The rainforest is burning. Indigenous communities are dying. Yet it’s clear Bolsonaro thinks this is a game. To put your ego to the side and ACCEPT this critical aid before it’s too late. 
 Grateful for the support, Jack!
Praying for our brothers and sisters in Puerto Rico. 
 Thanks for tuning in, Elizabeth! I appreciate it.
 Say what you want about - he’s holding his own on this morning defending public education,…
As a working woman during World War II, my mom Maria de Blasio was a pioneer. This  let's remember that it's on all of us to continue the work of trailblazing women — and it's on all of us to advance the cause of equality for women of every background. 
By lying about the addictive properties of its drugs, Big Pharma created an epidemic that has stolen countless lives in the name of shareholder profits.This is a small price to pay in comparison to what so many families have lost.  
 Bill de Blasio: "Donald Trump has spent his last three years trying to take away health care from millions and millions of Ame…
We can’t let what happened to Eric Garner happen again.We need federal leadership that mandates the body cameras, de-escalation and implicit bias training that we’ve championed here in New York City. 
While has spent his last three years trying to take away health care from millions of Americans, we've guaranteed health care for every single New Yorker who does not have health insurance. 
 This means a lot to me, Marcus. Thank you!
 Thanks for watching, Rhiannon! I appreciate it.
I was really angry with my dad when I was younger. He was my role model and it hurt to see him falling apart. But today I know there are countless people going through the same pain. We have to destigmatize mental health challenges in this country.  
 Thanks, Magi!
 New York Mayor Bill de Blasio says Americans who believe immigrants are to blame for their economic insecurity are wrong. “I want…
I've done a LOT of town halls. And I've learned that listening to each other is the best way to find the wisdom we need to move forward.  
  might be on a commercial break, but is still taking audience questions.  
 "I have the most aggressive tax plan of any Democrat." NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio says the first thing he'd do to fund health care,…
 Bill de Blasio to struggling Americans: “The immigrants didn’t do that to you”   
If you tuned in to my  tonight, I want to sincerely thank you for hearing me out. What we’ve accomplished here in New York City proves we can expand the limits of what's possible for this country.Go to  to be part of our big vision. 
 Bill de Blasio says Eric Garner case showed “we had to do pretty much everything differently”  
 “The first thing to say is Eric Garner should not have died, and then the next thing to say is there can never be another Eric Gar…
 Bill de Blasio: Americans without health insurance “should be a thing of the past”   ht…
I couldn't be more proud of what we've achieved for our youngest New Yorkers and their families.  
It's time to stop giving the 1% a leg up. Trust me: they don't need it.  
What we need: comprehensive immigration reform with a pathway to citizenship. What we don't need: Trump's efforts to demonize immigrants that don't look like him.  
News flash: White supremacy isn't new. It's just been put on a pedestal by  
You heard me right: if elected president, I promise to tax the hell out of the ultra-rich. That's how we put money back in the hands of working people. Visit  to learn more.  
Millions and millions of Americans only have one doctor: the emergency room.We've expanded health care in New York City to make sure every person in our city has access to a primary care doctor, mental health services and so much more.  
My life changed when I met And our experience raising a family together changed my point of view when it came to governing in the most diverse city in this nation.  
There needs to be federal leadership mandating body cameras, anti-bias training and the de-escalation techniques we've championed in New York City since we lost Eric Garner. 
My dad took his own life because of the helplessness he felt when returning home from combat.There are still veterans being told they can't have a job because they served in combat. That's why we passed a law banning discrimination against our combat veterans.  
When I started this campaign for president, I heard the same thing from rural Iowans that I was hearing from New Yorkers. Working people are struggling across this country.We all have much more in common than we think we do.  
 Now on CNN: Democratic presidential candidate and New York Mayor Bill de Blasio answers questions at a  moderated by
Tune in now to to hear more about my vision for working people across this country. I can't wait to share. 
Feelin’ ready.  
 De Blasio has looked to tout a slate of policy wins in New York – namely guaranteeing universal pre-K and a $15 minimum wage – as…
 Thanks See you out there.
 Coming up: back-to-back LIVE CNN presidential town halls. Montana at 6 p.m. ET and at…
Best of luck, 
 Democratic presidential hopefuls Steve Bullock and Bill de Blasio take questions from voters in New York City in back to b…
Last week, early results confirmed that free, high-quality Pre-K For All is reaching deep into our communities to change children’s lives, achieving something that could not be done without an early start. It’s working. 
TONIGHT: Tune in for my live town hall with on 
Tomorrow night, I'll join for a live town hall on Can't wait to share more about my vision for working people across our country. 
 Children should never be excluded from education because their families can't afford it. That won't happen in New York…
This nation’s top 1% own 40% of this nation’s wealth. It's time they pay their fair share in taxes. I'm proposing the most aggressive tax on extreme wealth of any candidate in this race. We need a system that puts working people first. My plan: 
I lost all faith in the Department of Justice this year and this disgusting “mistake” is the latest example of why so many Americans are questioning whether this department is capable of living up to its name. 
 Please join me to learn more about vision for the country👇 
Big weekend ahead. 
Ruth Bader Ginsburg is my favorite Avenger. 
 When we give teachers and students the tools they need to succeed, anything is possible. 
 Best wishes, Congressman.
 “Water is the beginning of everything,” Mayor Bill de Blasio says at Frank LaMere Native American Presidential F…
In New York City, we’ve led the fight for a $15 minimum wage, enacted paid sick leave and expanded guaranteed health care for all.We're putting money back in the right hands. It’s time for our country to do the same. 
 I’m proud of the reforms we’ve made in New York City to raise the minimum wage, provide paid sick leave, as well as banning d…
 From my first NYC job in magazine publishing to later positions in public service, I was always conscious of how my identity…
Whether you saw me on or heard me on whether you watched me confront or challenge — it's no secret that I tell everyone the exact same thing.Contribute what you can to keep my voice in the race:  
The entire planet is at risk.
The Amazon's indigenous communities are at risk.
The Amazon rainforest is at risk.
Bolsonaro's lies don't change the facts. Deforestation in the Amazon has increased 67% since he came into power. Follow THIS thread... 
Black women can't wait any longer for equal pay.In New York City, we made it ILLEGAL for employers to ask about salary history or discriminate based on hairstyle — all-too-common practices that keeps women of color trapped in a cycle of low wages.  
It's August 22nd. Black women had to work this many days into 2019 just to catch up to what white men earned in 2018. When you shortchange women, you shortchange families. 
 Happy Anniversary!
Thanks to for fighting to keep climate change front and center. Though he’s moving on, we know this fight is far from over. Here’s to doing all it takes to preserve the planet for the next generation. 
Trump promised that steel jobs were coming back. Three years later and all working people got were layoffs and more lies from the Conman in Chief. 
Thanks for having me Skype in today,
If a high-pitched voice is what it takes to spread a message about putting working people first, pass the mic and I’ll try my best chipmunk impression while talking about how we achieved universal pre-K, a $15 minimum wage and a  for New York City. 😂 
 Update: The AFL-CIO will play the de Blasio video again“You all deserve to hear the Mayor speak in a— his own…
A canceled flight can't stop me from sharing my vision for putting unions and working people first (or apparently from auditioning for Alvin and the Chipmunks).To Stay tuned for a less-glitchy video featuring my actual (and less entertaining) voice. 
Never forget that pain and suffering is the goal of this administration's immigration policy. It always has been. 
 President Trump spent at least 30 minutes yesterday on the phone with Wayne LaPierre, CEO of the NRA. The call ended the way t…
Republican economic policy in four steps:1. Blow up the deficit with big tax cuts for billionaires and big corporations.2. Scream about the deficit you created. 3. Try to pay for it by demanding cuts to education, health care and other services working people need.4. Repeat. 
Trump called the NRA yesterday to assure them universal background checks won’t happen on his watch. Hours later, a gunman shot into a crowd of 200 near Clark Atlanta University and wounded four college students.This is NRA-backed domestic terrorism. 
Sit down. 
Trump is loyal to white supremacy. He believes if you're not loyal to him and his “values,” you're not loyal to the country. Make no mistake: there is a DEEPLY anti-Semitic precedent for that type of thinking and it led to the death of SIX MILLION Jews.Let’s prove Trump wrong. 
Trump accused Jewish Democrats of being  “disloyal” yesterday. Not so long ago, he insisted there were very fine people in a mob chanting “Jews will not replace us.” Let’s be clear: Trump’s loyalty is what we should be questioning.
 LIVE: makes his case directly to WFP supporters in a live Q;A w/  
I’m about to go live with Join us for a Q;A:  
 Ok y’all tonight I’m sitting down with as a part of our  series let’s go. 
“I think my rhetoric brings people together. Our country is doing incredibly well.” - 
 I stand with Planned Parenthood and the thousands of Americans who depend on access to their services! 
 TONIGHT: Join us for the fourth in our  online Live Q;A series with RSVP here and join us at 6:…
The rich got richer because the government was with them every step of the way. It’s time for the government to be there for working people. 
Planned Parenthood was forced to join New York City by making clear they will NOT deceive patients seeking reproductive care — no matter what the Trump administration tells them.To Standing shoulder to shoulder with you.   
Proud to add my voice in support of the bipartisan Remove the Stain Act. Thank you to and for their vision and sense of justice. 
In December 1890, hundreds of Native Americans were killed by the U.S Army in a massacre that claimed mostly women and children. Yesterday I pledged to revoke and rescind the 20 congressional medals wrongfully awarded to the soldiers responsible. 
Today’s decision will not bring Eric back, but I pray it provides at least a small measure of peace for his family. There’s still work to do and we must remain focused on a sacred goal: that no family in this country will ever have to suffer through a tragedy like this again.
While the Department of Justice failed to act, our NYPD facilitated a fair, impartial and objective trial that resulted in the termination of Officer Daniel Pantaleo today. 
Five years ago, we watched an unarmed man die. So many asked: what if he was my son? What if he was my brother? What if he was my father? What if he was me?Eric Garner was a father, a brother, a son. And he should be here with us today.
 claims consumers are 'loaded up with money.' What a con. While his billionaire buddies are even more flush with cash from the Trump tax giveaway, hundreds of millions of working people are struggling to get by.
 has never had soil under his feet or grease on his hands. Thank you Gary for reminding Americans that Trump is of and by and for the wealthy, and not working people. 
 OJ Semans, Co-Executive Director of Four Directions responds to and his call to Remove the Stain. 
 and I cared for both of our mothers early on in our marriage — and more families are facing the challenge of caring for aging family members every day. This is yet another reason why we need  which covers long-term care. 
 New! de Blasio issues statement on Remove the Stain Act. 
 Glowing and thriving. ✨I’m working on a playlist of my favorite songs that I will release soon, and I can’t wait to hear yo…
Thanks for having me! 
Great to march in New Hampshire with the today! 
 Thank you for your support ❤️❤️! 
In New York City, we’re guaranteeing health care for anyone who doesn’t have it—and giving them a health care card to make sure they can access a primary care doctor.We could do that all across this country. 
Every American has the right to safe patient care at their most vulnerable moment. And every NURSE should be able to provide that care with adequate staffing. Proud to support nurses at as they fight for their patients.
 CNN will host town halls with Democratic presidential candidates Montana Gov. Steve Bullock and New York Mayor Bill de Blasio on A…
 CNN to host a Town Hall with New York City Mayor moderated by on Sunday, August 25th at 7pmET: 
 CNN to host presidential town halls with Steve Bullock and Bill de Blasio  
Today, Social Security turns 84. When FDR signed it into law, many believed it would fail, but today it lifts up millions of families, seniors, and veterans. It proves that progressive ideas are worth fighting for and protecting.
 Here’s the full interview with 
 TONIGHT: 2020 presidential candidate is here!📸: 
 ‘I bring something very different to the equation’ — talks accusations of donor conflict of interest, discri…
😍 
What did and I discuss tonight? Tune in to at 11 ET to find out! 
Disgusting. Iowans deserve so much better than Steve King. We all need to step up to help them take out the trash and elect 
Tonight, I’m talking with on Tune in and watch! 
 In case you heard otherwise: 
  is coming up next on  to talk with on 'The Conversation.' Tune in at 
I visited my grandma's birthplace for the first time yesterday. 
What should you call a Secretary of Agriculture who mocks struggling farmers? A *former* Secretary of Agriculture. 
 I am excited to announce the launch of  a comprehensive initiative to staff, fund, and train voter protect…
Trump's revisions to the Endangered Species Act endanger one species more than any other: MANKIND. I will reverse every single one of these horrible revisions within my first 100 days. 
Emma Lazarus' words were written in stone for a reason. If the Trump administration is suggesting a rewrite, they'll have to take it up with me. 
To and the airline catering workers demanding an end to unaffordable health care and low wages today: give ‘em hell.One job should be enough to put food on the table. Period.  
 I'll keep saying it, keeping millions of ppl in poverty is a choice this country makes every day. There is enough money…
This is critical work as we approach what is literally the most important election of our lives — and there’s no better warrior to lead the fight. 
Sending solidarity to our brothers and sisters in Hong Kong protesting and putting their lives on the line in this fight for their democracy. We’re with you. 
 Another FIRST happened last night.Congratulations to on becoming the 1st woman to land a triple-twisting, dou…
Trump's latest policy would literally take food out of the mouths of babies and deny ailing family members the health care they need. We won't go down without a fight. 
I'm proud of what we've accomplished in New York City. 
As we remember Heather Heyer and recommit ourselves to the fight against racism, anti-Semitism and white nationalism — let’s remember that there are NOT “fine people on both sides.” The fine people are on Heather's side. 
Two years ago today, confirmed to our nation exactly where he stood when he defended and emboldened white supremacists in Charlottesville. 
  thanks for coming by tonight and giving  a thumbs up! Wind is the number one source of renewable…
 LIVE in the 8 PM hour:  
  is speaking now at the Register Political  at the  Watch:
Now here’s a game I’ve always been good at! Great running into Marcus Culpepper.  
 Victory is sweet!  
Never give up, folks!I dedicate this win to all the dads whose kids grew up too fast.  
None of us can compete with the ballplayer.  
 What do you mean, my love? It’s going exactly as I planned. 😉  
This isn’t going quite as planned...but we’re just warming up!  
I never thought I’d say this, but I think it’s time:I STRONGLY endorse Totchos.  
We’re here! And we’re READY.  
 Eid Mubarak to all who are celebrating Eid Al-Adha! 
Growing up, and I had to do drills to prepare for nuclear war. Mass shootings aren’t an abstraction for kids today; they are literally living with the trauma of these massacres. We did so much to prevent a nuclear war. We need to do more to prevent these tragedies. 
 Far as I can tell, is only candidate at this point to call for a boycott of Walmart. "I say we take money out of t…
 When it comes to solving the crisis of gun violence, says "It's not Hollywood, it's not video games, it's the…
Look out,  The de Blasios are coming for you (and we’re a little competitive). 
Thanks to and for having me. I look forward to working with you from the White House to end this epidemic of gun violence once and for all. 
Change comes from the voices of the people. We don't wait for it to come from on high — we build it from the ground up. We build it from the grassroots.  
Imagine if every one of us could use our power to stop gun violence. Guess what? We can. 
The panic in Times Square the other night proved that our entire country is on edge. This horror has become a national norm and it can't go on. It's not business as usual anymore when people keep dying. 
I'm proud to join and to fight for commonsense changes. There's something else we can do to protect innocent lives: we need to bring our police and community closer together. That's exactly what we're doing in New York City.  
We have the power to go at the gun industry's wallets. In New York City, we divested from the gun industry. There's a lot of better places to invest. 
To It's not Hollywood. It's not the video games. It's the guns. Stop shifting blame. Stop making excuses. Take those tiny hands, call the and tell him the Senate needs to vote for tougher gun laws RIGHT NOW. 
I’m about to speak at the Presidential  Join me live. 
Some of wealthiest people in the world committed a horrible crime. If they think for a second that they got away with it because Jeffrey Epstein is dead, they’re dead WRONG. 
Magdalena’s pain is gut wrenching.The human cost of Trump’s cruel immigration policies is incalculable. Our children deserve better. 
I believe in a woman's right to choose. Period. 
Ari Fleischer has made a career out of lying on behalf of the rich and powerful, from weapons of mass destruction to the Bush tax cuts for the 1%. The fear in his eyes is all the proof you need to know we’re onto something big for working people:  
Like Eric Garner, Michael Brown should be here today.My city knows the pain of Ferguson all too well — and what we've learned has fundamentally changed us. There’s more to do and we’ll be at it awhile, but our mission is clear: NO ONE should die due to the color of their skin.
Shame on Stephen Ross. He can't preach racial equity then turn around to host a white supremacist and expect us to think he's not part of the problem.  
There's too much at stake for charades. 
“Poor” kids are just as bright and talented as white kids?To quickly dismiss words as a mere “slip of the tongue” is as concerning as what he said. We need to have a real conversation about the racism and sexism behind “electability.” 
We can't afford to maintain the status quo — especially when it comes to global warming. 
Guess it doesn’t feel good to be known as  Know what feels worse? Losing a loved one to senseless gun violence. The world is watching, We’ll hold you accountable. 
Strong gun laws keep ALL of us safe. If can't take my word for it, he should take it from the finest police force in the country. 
I’m mad as hell and I’m not gonna take this anymore!  
Don’t think I’ve ever used the word “shred” in this context, but I’ll take it. 
Imagine the feeling of a work out that doesn’t also fund racism, xenophobia and the ultra-rich.Now open your eyes. I present to you the Big fan. 
The battle for the heart and soul of our country is much bigger than Donald Trump. 
I’ve been happily married to for 25 years. Would love to have an honest conversation about marriage and how this country can better support working families.
You sure you wanna bring up the topic of marriage right now, Rudy? 
I’m not afraid to tell anyone about our fight to put working people first — even Hope you caught our chat tonight! Chip in $1 and let’s spread this campaign’s message far and wide:  
Trump needs to take a hard look at what he's created. 
  was 16 years old when she was sentenced to life in a Tennessee prison for killing a 40+ year old man who forced…
Wow. Is this really how Republicans plan to honor the memory of innocent victims in El Paso? 
I respect the pain these communities are feeling and understand their resistance to this visit. But Trump needs to see the suffering he's caused by bringing racism and division into the Oval Office. He needs to see what he's created. 
Times Square is safe and secure, but the panic and fear people felt tonight was all too real.Nobody should have to live in constant fear of gun violence. NOBODY. 
Not bad, May have found you a sub until comes back. 
This president is aiding and abetting domestic terrorism. 
The world lost a legend in Toni Morrison today. and I spent time with her years ago and her words of support meant the world to us.We send our deepest condolences to her family, loved ones and the scores of people around the world mourning with us. 
Hey, — what happened to “The Truth Is Worth It?” Not the truth.Not worth it. 
  : What do you think people get wrong about ?It’s not so much that people get anything wrong,…
Let's stop pretending that Americans are "in love" with Big Pharma. 
The best way to avoid sending “thoughts and prayers” to the wrong city?Pass a BILL that will make every city safer.
We didn't just introduce universal pre-K to improve educational outcomes and put money back in the pockets of working families. We did it to address longstanding racial inequities and creating a more fair and just society. 
Trump is too busy blaming the “fake news media” and people with mental illness to speak the truth: we’re facing an epidemic caused by white supremacy and easy access to military-grade weapons.The truth is plain as day. Open your eyes and grow a damn spine,
If thinks HE can disrupt the status quo for working people, just watch what we can do. 
 Racism, being anti-immigrant, birtherism, and hatred are LEARNED BEHAVIORS that have been encouraged by the president. (2/2)
 Trump recently attributed the mass shootings to a mental illness problem.This is another attempt to demonize the overwhelmi…
 GilroyEl PasoDaytonMurders that could be prevented. Children losing parents and parents losing  children. Communities sha…
Urgent memo to the Senate: COME. BACK. TO. SESSION. Take a break from the thoughts and prayers and honor the lives of those murdered by passing the universal background check bill that the House already passed. 
Trump takes every chance he can to distract us from the fact that he's just trying to make his billionaire buddies richer. 
Catching up with Ready to sign the  Catch us live: 
This May, I celebrated my 25th wedding anniversary with the love of my life, Access to high-quality pre-K changed our lives — which is why I made it free for families across our city. 
Two mass shootings in less than 24 hours. Three in one week.Domestic terrorism perpetrated by white nationalists is bringing our country to its knees. This president needs to address the nation and be honest about the real threat to our sovereignty.
20 dead.26 wounded.Countless tragedies all because the gun lobby has certain “leaders” more scared of losing support than losing loved ones.Enough empty words. These families deserve action. 
The myth that people are in love with their insurance premiums, co-pays, deductibles and out-of-pocket expenses isn't helping anyone. 
 Horrific. Innocent civilians gunned down by assault weapons in El Paso.Gun violence is an epidemic in our country—one that…
Soon, I'll be talking about my vision for putting working people first, and how I'll be a champion for labor as president at the forum in Las Vegas. Watch it live here:
Universal healthcare is not scary. Here's what's scary: Greedy pharmaceutical companies denying families the care they need in order to preserve profits. 
 is delaying badly-needed aid to Puerto Rico as our fellow citizens on the island continue to suffer. Something certainly does stink of corruption, but the source of that stench isn't thousands of miles away — it's coming from Washington DC. 
Of course Trump should be impeached. Here's the best way to do it. 
Public pre-K programs changed my children's lives, so I made it free for every single child in our city. Other American families deserve the same. 
 De Blasio to unveil "most aggressive wealth tax" during debate  
You heard me right. Last night I vowed to tax the HELL out of the 1% and put money back in the hands of working people.Introducing the most aggressive tax on extreme wealth of any candidate in this presidential race:  
It’s time to be the party that disrupts the status quo. 
 "The wealthy ; the powerful have been allowed to hold the American Dream hostage... we can't stand for this. We can't s…
 YOU are the real socialist. The problem is it's socialism for the rich — and I'm going to end it.Go to  and join us so we can put working people first in America.  
Of course this president should be impeached.We also should make sure the wealthy pay their fair share. We should put working people first. And we should vote Trump out of office in 2020. 
Democrats CANNOT fall into the trap of agreeing to a new NAFTA.We need to champion an agreement by and for workers — not by multinational corporations enabled by politicians.  
 waited FOUR years and 364 days to tell Eric’s mother they would do nothing. We made the mistake listening to them when they asked us to hold for federal action.We will never make that mistake again. 
 
Hey, Still waiting for a direct answer is right: You can’t just invoke President Obama when it’s convenient. 
From ending a broken policy of stop-and-frisk to training our officers in implicit bias, we've fundamentally changed our city because of Eric Garner — so that a tragedy like this never happens again. 
While I believe that respecting the process is the best way to get justice for Eric Garner's family, I recognize and identify with the pain people across this country are feeling. 
I want the Garner family and every single person hurt by the tragedy of his death to know they are seen and heard. We all watched Eric Garner's dying words. They haunted this nation. He NEVER should have died. 
To the protestors in the audience today: I heard you. I saw you. I thank you.This is what democracy looks like and no one said it was pretty. 
 The math is simple: one person going bankrupt because they got sick is one person too many. 
This should be the party that stands for universal health care. This should be the party that says we're not going to stand for anything less. 
 Thank you Bill de Blasio. I too am sick and tired of hearing about the "mythology" that private insurance is fantastic.
We need to stop pretending that people are "in love" with their health insurance. People are angry. People are struggling. People wish they had BETTER insurance.It's time to get real about our relationship with private insurance. 
Ten introductions and only one person has talked about putting working people first and the 1% last. 
 On December 31st of this year Bill De Blasio's NYC will be at $15 minimum wage.   is real and is working.htt…
 Raise the minimum wage to $15/hour? Bill de Blasio says “Yes, it can be done!”   
 Mayor has the first opening statement and is the first to bring up the need for a $15 minimum wage. "We rai…
  the working people of America, I bring a message of hope. When I became mayor we went on a path of change. W…
 For 40 years woking people have taken it on the chin. The rich have gotten richer. -  
They said we couldn't get universal pre-K done. They said we couldn't end stop-and-frisk. They said we couldn't raise the minimum wage to $15.I said: Watch me. 
 Go get ‘em, my love!  
Cc:
God bless America. 
I'm ready. 
Like what you saw at the  last night? You ain’t seen nothin’ yet.Join my fight:  
 Many news sources declared one of the big winners of the first  back for the second deb…
Hmm. So if this is what it looks like to go “full commie," what do you and your dad call your meetings with Putin?Get some rest, bud. 
 So pleased to hear arguing for early childhood education for all. My husband worked to bring universal…
Want to see someone on the debate stage with a record of delivering progressive results for 8.6 million Americans? Want to see someone who's not afraid to stand up to the status quo? Tune in tomorrow. I'm ready!  
WHAT. A. NIGHT. Wow.Here's the bottom line: Moderates are NOT going to win this election. It's more clear than ever before that we desperately need a president who is going to fight for Democratic values and for working people. 
Looks like the word is out: I'm on And I'm kind of into it so far. Follow for my thoughts on this evening's *riveting* moderate revolution — and what you can expect from me tomorrow.   
When we rolled out universal pre-K in New York City, we knew it would revolutionize the lives of families across the five boroughs. We were right.Imagine what it could do for families across our nation.  
Glad agrees that we need to completely reject a new NAFTA. We need stop allowing corporate elites to write our trade policies. It's time to hand WORKERS the pen.  
 is right: Big challenges require big ideas — and climate change is the existential threat of our time.In New York City, we're showing what a  looks like in practice.  
Uh, you ok? Don't worry: you'll see me at my patriotic best tomorrow night. 🇺🇸  
8 of 10 people on this debate stage are defending a broken system. Insurance companies have a literal stranglehold on our health care. It’s time to break it. 
Best wishes to all my comrades tonight. Looking forward to a lively debate. 
 South Carolina was good to and me this past weekend! What a warm welcome. 
I said a few weeks ago that we need to completely reject a new NAFTA and start over with a whole new vision for trade. Glad to see putting forward her proposal. We need EVERY Democratic candidate to join this fight:  
This week some House Democrats said they want to vote on Trump’s NAFTA 2.0. This would be an unmitigated disaster for workers and for our party.For too long, Democrats have cozied up to corporate elites. We need to say clearly that those days are over.
 For decades, America’s trade policy has worked great for the rich and the powerful. American workers? Not so much. Tonight in…
I've known for decades and Trump's characterization is not only disrespectful, it's untrue. While was pushing for justice in the teachings of Dr. King, Trump was calling for the execution of five innocent black boys. 
Al SharptonElijah CummingsIlhan OmarAlexandria Ocasio-CortezAyanna PressleyRashida TlaibMaxine WatersJohn LewisFrederica WilsonBarack Obam Is this really your campaign strategy? Attack as many people of color as possible? You are a disgrace.
I am honored by your endorsement and support, 
  speaks on behalf of in the  process on this month's  "He's an ally…
One full-time job used to be enough to support a family. Today, working people are being stripped of their fundamental rights. Introducing my 21st Century Workers’ Bill of Rights. 
Democrats have a lot to talk about in Detroit this week. 
When I became mayor, my first goal was to provide free pre-K for every child in New York City — and we did it. Now we're expanding it to every 3-year-old. 
Best wishes to as he leaves the hospital today. He’s done so much for the people of the Dominican Republic, Boston and beyond that you don't need to be a or a baseball fan to see this man is a blessing to the world. Thank God he’s still with us. 
There is something very specific that we ALL should be looking out for on the debate stage this week. 
Public pre-K programs changed my children's lives. Other American families deserve the same.
We’re standing with you,
"People get up and go to work there, they care for their families there, they love their children who pledge allegiance to the flag just like people who live in districts that support you. They are Americans, too."Words MATTER. No one is fooled by Trump's racist dog-whistling. 
The Democratic Party is at a pivotal moment right now. Here’s my challenge to every single candidate. 
When I became mayor, my first goal was to provide free pre-K for every child in New York City. Here’s why that was so personal to me — and why I want to do it across the country. 
Trump’s tax cuts didn’t fail — they worked just great for exactly who he intended: himself and his billionaire buddies.While working people across the country are struggling to make ends meet, Trump and his cronies are laughing all the way to the bank. 
It’s outrageous that  would put Trump ahead of our Democracy. The GOP is quickly devolving into something only a Russian dictator could love. 
What an album. Bravo
It’s possible ! 
A $15 minimum wage, guaranteed paid vacation and the right to know your work schedule two weeks in advance.Trump’s favorite network calls it “socialism.” We call it a plan that finally puts working people first. Thanks for telling everyone about our proposal, 
Trump will never fight for working people the way he fights to fill his own pockets.
Sprint or T-Mobile subscriber? My condolences.Trump’s latest merger could cost customers at least $4.5 billion annually.
Once upon a time, Trump promised working people he would fight for them. He said he was a "master" at deal-making. The truth? Trump lied (again). He just authorized a deal that could result in 30,000 lost jobs and an average wage cut of $3,300. 
Donald Trump seems to have a lot to say about New York City lately. So I issued him a challenge last night 
Thanks for having us tonight,  
 We’re here!  
  knows NOTHING about his hometown. He never lived a real New York City life. He should get off Twitter and s…
 Here are the facts: New York City is the safest big city in America — and we got there because our NYPD officers and our comm…
That’s it. That’s the tweet. 
 Just 8 minutes after the  Trump asked a federal judge for an emergency order to prevent House Democrats from…
Even when trying to undo the harm of HIS OWN policies, Trump’s bailout to farmers goes overwhelmingly to big agribusinesses — while some small family farmers are literally getting $1.Typical. 
Our governments have not been able to get to the truth consistently enough to have the right to take a life. I’ve always opposed the death penalty and this time is no different. The Trump administration should leave the death penalty in the past where it belongs. 
 I'll be interviewing ; at BuzzFeed's Internet Live tomorrow. Oh and: Lil Nas X, Snooki, and many m…
¡FELICIDADES, PUEO RICO! THIS IS POWER. It’s the power of organizing.It’s the power of protest.It’s the power of the people. 🇵🇷  
We can’t just complain about the 1% and Wall Street. We must also take action. That’s why we’re looking to people like you to take action on making the 21st Century Workers' Bill of Rights a reality.I’d love to hear your thoughts.
 Bill de Blasio: "I think we'll hear the truth. I think Mueller's a guy that actually is respected across this country and at…
 "I want to tell you that anyone who takes on this union is in for the fight of their lives."Yesterday, Mayor Bill de Blasio…
 Thank you for your commitment to workers and for making it central to your Presidential campaign.  htt…
Anti-semitism is a cancer and we can’t let it invade our cities, states or country anymore than it already has. We cannot protect our fellow Jewish Americans unless we continue to denounce white supremacy. 
Troubled to hear of another threat against our Jewish community. Hate crimes against Jewish communities have spiked nationwide and we have to stand together to stand up to this epidemic. 
Bob Mueller’s testimony proves that efforts to obstruct justice were as clear as day. Congress must move forward with impeachment of this president and it must move forward NOW. if you agree.  
“Could you charge the president with a crime after he left office?” Bob Mueller: Yes.
This morning a woman threatened to blow up a YMCA I frequent. She said her reason was because I "like black people."Don't ever question whether racist pandering is bringing out the worst in our country. 
As we prepare to say a final farewell to Brother Figueroa today, it’s encouraging to know is in good hands. I have no doubt that Kyle Bragg has what it takes to lead us onward and upward. 
 Great new plan from His 21st Century Workers Bill of Rights has so much of what we want to see from a Presi…
 In an op-ed for BuzzFeed News, NYC Mayor and presidential candidate writes that working people’s rights hav…
YES. YES YES YES.“Never Forget” isn’t a bumper sticker slogan; it’s a vow that was made to survivors on September 11, 2001. To every congressperson who voted to renew the 9/11 Victims’ Compensation Fund: Thank you. To everyone who turned their back: WE will never forget. 
  pledged to make it easier to join a union. He understands that having our voice at the table helps not just…
Today I introduced the farthest-reaching paid leave policy of any 2020 candidate. 
New York has the largest Muslim community in the country and our success has been because of that diversity, not in spite of it. Thanks for having me today, 
This New Yorker is ready to get rid of Donald Trump for you. 
Less than ONE HOUR to enter to win a free trip for two to the next presidential debate! No contribution necessary. Read the rest of the rules here:  
Thanks for having me yesterday, 
Less than THREE hours to enter to win a free trip for two to the next presidential debate with me, and Team de Blasio! No contribution necessary. Read the rest of the rules here:  
Glad to see finally coming to his senses after defending the disastrous crime bill for 25 years.But the blunt truth is this: we need leaders with a progressive vision for the future — not leaders who failed when they had the chance.
It's time to put money back in the right hands.Introducing the 21st Century Working People’s Bill of Rights: 
Thank you again for your endorsement and for your friendship! 
We’ve made it to the next presidential primary debate! To show our gratitude, we’re offering a FREE trip for two. Don’t wait — there are less than 24 hours to enter: No contribution necessary. Read the rest of the rules here:  
Rosselló must go. His pattern of sexist, homophobic and entirely inappropriate behavior is as divisive as it is disqualifying. Our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico deserve better.  
  makes the cut for the next round of Democratic presidential debates. He'll be joined by
Proud of for holding feet to the fire to begin this much-anticipated bargaining. You held firm and made execs come to the table — and it’s about damn time.Right on! And best wishes tomorrow.  
It's official — I've made it to the next debate! And I want you to join me: No contribution necessary. Read the rest of the rules here:  
Continuing to try and rile up your “base” by calling for the heads of women of color is a brand new low, These aren’t the Salem Witch Trials and this isn’t a Klan rally. It’s 2019 and the lives of American citizens are at stake because of your vile racism. 
Lots of people said universal pre-K would never work in New York City. But, guess what? The children of those critics still benefited from having access to free, high-quality early childhood education. Universal doesn’t have to mean inferior.
If wealthy and healthy people opt out, a public plan suffers. Working families suffer. (And for the record: yes, I believe the same is true for education, why I oppose corporate charterization.)
An important debate, my friend. But the best way to guarantee high-quality care is to make sure wealthy and poor people, healthy and sick people all get the same care.To allow corporate interests to stay at the table will do the opposite. 
  a Black legislator and army wife who is 9 months pregnant ; was told to “go back where [she] came from” in…
At the last debate, and I were the only ones brave enough to raise our hands when asked about standing up to greedy private insurance companies. Chip in to help me keep challenging everyone unwilling to fight for health care as a human right. 
This is simple: we either care about corporate profits or we care about access to quality health care. A system meant to maximize corporate profits can’t coexist with a system meant to take care of people.
If someone proposed a “radical” idea called public education today, Beto would try to warn us that 180 million Americans would be kicked out of their schools. Let’s leave the lazy fear mongering tactics to Trump. 
Let’s be clear: this is on and every single person who refuses to condemn his vile racism.  
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: It begins with a tweet. Then a chant. Now a racist attack on a 9-month pregnant lawmaker and military wife just trying to feed her family.  
Congratulations to the newest chair of Leader We’re lucky to have such a trailblazer leading the way. 
What a pick! Trump’s labor secretary appointee worked tirelessly to make sure employees would not get adequate health care and to weaken post-recession rules on banks.What a  pick. 
Proud. 
 CNN's Democratic debates lineup is set.Tuesday, July 30:SandersWarrenKlobucharO'RourkeButtigiegBullockRyanHicken…
 ❤️ 
 First big applause line of speech: talking about how brought universal pre-K to all New Y…
 Dante de Blasio speaking on behalf of Mayor de Blasio! 
 We’re excited to have young Democrat Dante DeBlasio adressing our convention on behalf of presidential candidate
 How can one struggle ‘briefly’ at watching a president enable a crowd to make xenophobic chants at a brown-skinned, American…
This is what American leadership looks like. Thank you. 
If Democrats think Trump is going to negotiate a trade deal that actually HELPS working people, I’ve got some bad news: 
Today's vote in the House is historic — but there's much more work to be done. If you want a president you KNOW will fight for working people, contribute today. 
The fight for $15 started in cities and states and I'm proud that New York City was one of the very first to take action.
Five years ago, no one would have predicted that the House of Representatives would pass a $15 minimum wage. Today they did. 
There’s a special place in hell for people who vote for massive tax cuts for the rich then use the deficit THEY created to deny family members of 9/11 victims the compensation they’re owed. Amen, Jon Stewart. 
New Yorkers don’t want him either. But I’m sure Putin has a spare room.  
 is wrong about  was one of the few to say I would stand up to the private insurance industry at the debate. Donate a dollar and I'll stand up to anyone at the next debate who doesn't believe health care is a human right.  
Five years after Eric’s death, we’ll never make the mistake of trusting again. 
There has never been more at stake in our fight for reproductive justice. Thankful to and ready to stand shoulder to shoulder with as she takes the helm at
 Five years of waiting, with pain piled on top of more pain. My heart breaks for Gwen and the entire Garner family today.
We put our faith in a federal process that dragged on for years.That won't happen again.We're different because of Eric Garner. 
To the workers striking on this  EVERY worker has a right to fair wages and working conditions. Give ‘em hell. Standing in solidarity with you.  
Congrats, This win is no surprise — you’re doing a fantastic job in Clark County. 
We’re racing past detractors, skeptics and trolls to put working people first — and we’re gaining momentum. Add your name and let’s show America what a movement like ours can do: 
 Every woman of color has been told she doesn’t belong — in the board room, in the House, or in this country. But we know…
Trump is obsessed with trying to make American HATE again.  
 New York City Mayor de Blasio on President Trump: “He said he was going to make America great again, and what he is doing is mak…
It's time to rewrite the rules of international trade and give workers the pen. 
Trump is trying to ram his trade deal through Congress and it's time for all Democrats to say NO. We don't need a NAFTA 2.0 or 5.0. We don't need NAFTA period.It's time to start over. We need a brand new approach that puts working people first — not Trump's billionaire buddies.
Despite being from the ultimate city of immigrants, Trump proudly upholds a bad American tradition of telling people to “go back” to where they came from I dare YOU to go back to where you came from. Your hometown would like a word.
 "He said he would 'Make America Great Again,' what he's trying to do is make America hate again."Presidential candidate
 “We don't need this ICE though. This ICE as it’s formed now should be abolished, a new agency created that’s not about separat…
Here’s the blunt truth: isn’t trying to “secure our borders.” He’s trying to make America HATE again. That’s an agenda I’ll never cooperate with. 
New York City has never been safer.I don’t regret having that conversation with my son, but NO parent should have to have that talk with their child. And I hope for the day my son doesn’t need to have this talk with his child.
Today, New York is the safest big city in the nation — but it’s not because of racist vigilantes or practices like stop-and-frisk. We saw the rampant fear and suspicion on each side and pioneered a practice of building relationships between the police and the community.
It’s a talk parents of black and brown children know too well. And it shaped the way and I viewed the world, each other and the people charged with protecting us.
Tragic stories like these made it necessary for me to have an ongoing conversation with my own son about a topic we shouldn’t have had to discuss:Staying alive. 
Six years ago today, a man was acquitted for profiling, stalking and killing a teenager by the name of Trayvon Martin. Four years ago today, a young woman named Sandra Bland was found hanged in her jail cell after being arrested during a traffic stop a few days earlier.
Think of how different our country might be if trusted Anita Hill on Clarence Thomas and doubted Geroge Bush on Iraq. 
 Bill de Blasio in Ankeny: “I believe that we must be always the party of change ... People have to know that about us,…
The future is unwritten. 🤟 
What if trade deals were written BY and FOR working people? 
 What an incredible day it’s been in South Carolina so far. Thanks for the warm welcome, and…
While Trump has tried to hide from climate change, I believe in SCIENCE. We’ve championed the  right here in New York City — because climate change isn’t waiting for Trump to wake up. 
A full-time worker shouldn't have to choose between feeding their family and paying their bills. In New York City, we raised the minimum wage to $15 and won paid sick leave for half-a-million workers. 
I’ve proven that stop-and-frisk, a practice that criminalizes our black and brown youth, is wholly unnecessary when it comes to driving down crime. 
Every child deserves a high-quality education. By investing in free, full-day pre-K, I've lightened the load for working families and created higher wages for childcare providers.  
I can take on this president because I have the receipts to prove that courageous and progressive ideas WORK. Join me: 
Take a hard look at the what this administration has done to our country. Take a HARD look. Don’t keep scrolling or turn your back in callous disregard the way Pence does here.Cold, hard fact: This is America in 2019. It’s up to us to change that. 
 We are proud to have endorsed and we are proud to stand with him today as he speaks up for workers. New Yorkers…
What Junior fails to realize is that more and more working people are waking up every day to the reality that Trump lied to them. We’re taking back our country no matter how much the Trumps kick and scream.But nice try there, bud. 
Instead of debating whether Trump's trade deal is better or worse than the original, we should ask why NAFTA should be the starting point for anything. 
We’ve been warmly welcomed in Dubuque. 
Some of the strongest voices in our fight for fairness come from the labor movement. Hector Figueroa’s voice was one of the strongest. To Brother Figueroa leaves us with a powerful reminder that there are no shortcuts. We must mourn, but we WILL organize. 
 and I were reminded of the resilience of New Orleans when we visited last weekend. This city knows why New Yorkers don't debate climate change after Hurricane Sandy.We’re praying for the Crescent City as Tropical Storm Barry closes in. 
 EXCLUSIVE: joins on  Tune in! 
I believe in the rule of law. But we have to acknowledge that we are dealing with a lawless president who’s turned ICE into a political operation to terrorize our immigrant communities. It must stop and we must  
The only trade deals we've ever seen have been written by and for corporations. What if we gave working people the pen for once? 
The next labor secretary SHOULD NOT CODDLE SEX OFFENDERS.And, for heaven’s sake, let’s not stop there. The next labor secretary shouldn’t open the door to wage theft. Or let gig companies deny health care. Or gut occupational safety rules. Or roll back overtime protections.
Acosta fought to undo the logical increase in the overtime salary threshold, battling HIS OWN agency's internal research, as well as evidence that shows why and how it’s needed.
Acosta allowed the roll back of critical health and safety protections for workers and dramatically weakened funding for +
Acosta betrayed gig economy workers by letting their companies misclassify them as independent contractors with no rights. +
Acosta let employers police themselves as he dialed back enforcement, leaving millions of working people vulnerable to the on-going epidemic of wage theft. +
Americans deserve a labor secretary who will be on the side of working people. Here are a few more things you should know about Alex Acosta. + 
Can ANY Trump appointee be trusted to work on behalf of working people?The answer is no — and Alex Acosta proves it. 
Donald Trump is DESPERATE to convince this country that immigrants are the cause of their misery.Well, guess what? We’re not buying what you’re selling. 
In 1994, President Bill Clinton inadvertently laid the groundwork for the rise of Donald Trump. 
Paul Ryan dodged the truth the way Trump dodged Vietnam. It’s too late to admit to the American people what we knew all along.The moral cowardice knows no bounds. 
American workers deserve a president who says HELL NO to trade agreements that fail to put working people first. 
 What a day, what a team and what a time to be alive! Thanks for showing America what  looks like, ⭐️❤️
 “You need to right now say that you reject any attempt to rewrite the NAFTA deal, there’s no better NAFTA,”
 “Companies should not be able to do business in the United States if they do not cut their green house emissions,”
 “It’s time to say no to NAFTA and anything like it..” now rolling out a new line:“Say no to NAFTA. We do…
Like her boss, Betsy DeVos proves time and time again that broken promises to working people are a hallmark of this administration. This is robbery. 
Hey the people have spoken and they were LOUD and clear. It’s time to put your money where your mouth is. 🤑  
 Bill de Blasio: "If I were President of the United States, I would insist that Congress pass an amendment to the Amateur Sport…
 "Let me hear you say it: USA! Equal Pay!" Bill de Blasio tells the crowd at the  ceremony outside City H…
 NYC Mayor riding with the  champs for victory parade.   h…
 arrives at  City Hall for the   
 Now, speaking from City Hall says if he’s elected president he would sign an executive order to ensure the…
In New York City, we've made unprecedented investments to make universal, quality health care a reality. This country can do better than Trump. This country deserves better than Trump. 
Health care is a HUMAN RIGHT. This administration is obsessed with attacking the health care of 130 million Americans with pre-existing conditions.  
Thank you for your endorsement, One of the hardest working people I know in public service. I am honored by your support. 
These women are American heroes. They deserve our respect, our admiration, and Equal Pay Now! 
Thank you and for hosting us last night! 
 Honored to host NY Mayor and Presidential candidate and his beautiful wife the First Lady of NYC toni…
 Great conversation tonight with Mayor about his vision for this country.  Glad to have my former colleagues
Pleasure to speak today at  and to meet again. 
 Presidential 2020 candidate, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio speaks during Essence Fest. He’s served as the NYC Mayor…
If you think it’s past time for fundamental changes to the way our nation approaches education, sign on in support of my constitutional amendment today: 
Yesterday in my address to I proposed a constitutional amendment to establish a right to an adequate education in America.
 is a patriot who has dedicated his life to serving his fellow Americans, and I’m so honored to have his support. 
 “What is your comprehensive plan for funding public schools so that students receive the supports they need to thrive?" –Trish…
 NY Mayor “I’m angry about the privatizers. I hate the privatizers ; I want to stop them. There’s plenty of mon…
 - And I'm not just talking to talk I'm walking the walk in New York City. Today we have started three k f…
 “Every year I have been there, we have given a raise to educators and that should be true throughout the country...We shoul…
  says universal Pre-K for 3 and 4 year olds will create 500,000 educator jobs. He also calls for a constituti…
 “My kids go to public school.I went to public school. This is personal for me.” on the need for a federal pr…
 “The next secretary of education should be an educator.”- also points to his appointment of two educators as…
  is swinging hard against charter schools. "Too many Democrats have been cozy with the charter schools, we need t…
 Mayor opening statement to  "I am angry about the state of public education in America. I am an…
Had a great time this morning at the Independence Parade in Independence and the Pancake Breakfast in Cedar Rapids hosted by Freedom Festival. 
  spent the  morning in eastern Iowa, including the Independence parade. Photos here ; 
Yesterday at the American Legion Hall in Cedar Falls. Thanks for having me! 
I hope you get a chance to go out and celebrate the freedom and independence that have made America great for so many centuries today. And I hope you come back ready to help stop the threats working to undermine it.
The Fourth of July is not just a day for family, friends, and fireworks. It is also a day to celebrate the independence of our nation from foreign interference. Russia has not only been trying to undermine our democracy, they’ve been doing a pretty damn good job of it.
We MUST take care of our heroes and make sure they get the support they need every single day. 
Lou Alvarez was a true New York City hero.
When we fight, we win! 
 ⁦At our SEIU HCII office, Bill de Blasio speaks out in favor of the  calls out special-interests who…
The minimum wage must be a living wage. That means at least $15 for all workers. Proud to stand with for $15 in Chicago.  
Thank you so much, for inviting and I to speak at today. You taught us and countless others the power of organizing, and to never stop fighting for justice. 
  talked at the  about his conversation with his son about police violence as we continue to deal with po…
I've had a front row seat to see the effect has had in New York. From  and the  to  and the  the WFP has been on the front lines every time. I'm proud to be selected as a finalist for their endorsement.  
 Mayor and at  March 
 Mayor marching in the  parade! 
As President, I’ll immediately restore benefits to the LGBTQ veterans who received a less than honorable discharge simply because of who they are. The brave Americans who choose to dedicate themselves to serving this nation deserve to be treated with dignity and respect.
As President, I will sign an Executive Order that automatically provides an honorable discharge to all those who were forced to leave the military because of their sexual orientation. I will also reverse Trump’s transgender military ban.
Tonight is our campaign’s first public financial reporting deadline. Let’s do this. Contribute $1 or more now to our campaign to put working families first. 
The attacks against are racist ; un-American, period.
 When you ask to pose in front of a really important sign, and he does ❤️🌈  
 New York Mayor speaks at the Stonewall rally!    
 Sharing the stage with veterans of the  Mayor declares June 28  
 ‘The vice president has to apologize.’ — and are demanding Joe Biden apologize to multiracial…
I only meant it as a literal message to the striking airport workers that I believed they would be victorious in their strike- BdB. (2/2)
I did not know the phrase I used in Miami today was associated with Che Guevara ; I did not mean to offend anyone who heard it that way. I certainly apologize for not understanding that history. (1/2)
  visits migrant facility in Homestead, FL: "It looks like a prison... It's a prison camp." 
Homestead Detention Center is an American tragedy. A private corporation is abusing innocent children for profit. We refuse to standby ; spend tax payer dollars to treat these kids like prisoners.  
 With ; at Homestead Influx Detention Center in Florida. What is happening to immigrant child…
 Thank you!
 Thanks!
Calling it a night! Thanks to so many of you for the encouragement this evening. Your energy means the world to me and — and this momentum will mean even more for working people across our country. -Bill  
  in his opening statement at the  "This is the party of working people. This Democratic party ha…
 Mayor Bill de Blasio: "Every time you talk about investing in people and their communities, you hear folks say there's not enough…
What a night! Thanks for tuning in with us. There's a reason we fight alongside Bill de Blasio and we think that reason was clear tonight. Join us and let's reclaim the heart and soul of our country for working people:  -Team de Blasio  
 "Putting working people first, it matters" in his closing remarks during the 
 “It matters in this fight for the heart and soul of our party that we nominate a candidate who has seen the face of poverty…
Bill committed unprecedented resources to fund re-entry workforce services for formerly incarcerated people. -Team de Blasio 
Bill implemented a two-year rent freeze — the first in New York City history — to keep rent stable for 2.5 million tenants. -Team de Blasio 
In an effort to address the gender pay gap, Bill banned employers from asking prospective employees about their salary history. -Team de Blasio 
Bill provided free breakfast and lunch to all public school students (a service that will continue throughout the summer at schools, pools, parks and libraries). -Team de Blasio 
Bill de Blasio established free high-quality, full-day pre-K for every four year old in New York City. He's currently expanding it to every three year old. -Team de Blasio 
Bill is making New York City the first city in the nation to require employers to provide at least two weeks of paid vacation to employees. -Team de Blasio 
Bill required ride sharing companies like and to pay drivers a living wage, leading to a $10,000 annual pay increase for more than 80,000 drivers. -Team de Blasio 
Bill enacted a fair scheduling law protecting over 300,000 fast food workers from unfair scheduling practices. -Team de Blasio 
Bill helped lift 281,000 New Yorkers out of poverty or near-poverty. -Team de Blasio 
Bill fought for and expanded paid sick leave for an additional half million workers. -Team de Blasio 
Bill de Blasio has been fighting (and winning) for working people for a long, long time. Some facts to know as this debate comes to a close:-Team de Blasio  +
We're fighting for the heart and soul of our country.It matters that we put working people first. With your help, we can do it. 
Russia is undermining our democracy and doing a damn good job of it. 
On climate: Bill oversaw a major divestment in fossil fuels, making New York the first major American state or city to do so. He then doubled investments in climate solutions to $4 billion. -Team de Blasio 
Bill ended the era of stop-and-frisk policing, reducing stops by 93%. He required NYPD officers to wear body cameras, receive implicit bias training and be retrained in de-escalation. -Team de Blasio  
If we’re going to address gun violence, we need to have a conversation about policing. I know how important it is to build relationships between police and community. We did that in New York City and have driven crime down to the lowest numbers in our history. 
 The Democrats on stage were asked if they would be in favor of completely abolishing their own private health insurance in fa…
 New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio interjected a message to struggling Americans during the  "Immigrants didn't do…
  message to working class people frustrated with economic struggles of their lives sounds like a rebuttal to P…
There are plenty of microphones, they’re just in the wrong hands. -Team de Blasio 
 Yes, Democrats can deliver on big, progressive ideas, wrote in an op-ed  
 De Blasio wins the first half hour. No one predicted that. Shameful that only he and Sen. Warren raised their hands when the w…
Bill invested more than $90 million since 2014 to provide free legal assistance for immigrants facing deportation. He went to court against President Trump to defend New York City's immigrant communities — and won. -Team de Blasio  
Immigrants are not responsible for the misery that exists in this country. Immigrants didn't do that to you. The corporations did that to you. The 1% did that to you. 
 A big moment. Q: Who would give up their private healthcare for government run healthcare?Only and
Universal health care isn't a "goal" in New York City. Bill has made unprecedented investments in healthcare – making universal, quality healthcare a reality. -Team de Blasio 
Private insurance isn't working for all working people. Period.In New York City, we guaranteed universal, quality healthcare for all New Yorkers. 
 The answer just gave an excellent answer about how progressives are the ones fighting for average Americans. T…
Bill awarded more than $11 billion in New York City contracts to businesses owned by women and people of color. -Team de Blasio  
The Democratic Party is supposed to be the party of working people. In New York City, we've proven we can put money back in the hands of working people. 
 Proud that my mayor ; a fellow Latino are on the big stage! 
Good luck, boss! -Team de Blasio  
That's all for now, but there's still so much more. Tune in and let's continue the conversation! -Team de Blasio 
By adding a record number of new jobs and raising the minimum wage to $15 for New York City employees and contractors, Mayor de Blasio has built an economy that puts working families first. -Team de Blasio 
By taking on the fossil fuel industry, creating new clean economy jobs and building greater resiliency citywide, Bill is confronting our climate crisis and demonstrating to the world what a Green New Deal looks like in practice. -Team de Blasio 
While the White House continued its attacks on our health care, Bill introduced universal, quality health care for all New Yorkers (including mental health). Because he KNOWS health care is a right. -Team de Blasio 
When Bill ended the era of stop-and-frisk policing, naysayers said New York City would get more dangerous. Today, it's the safest big city in America. -Team de Blasio 
Everyone loved the idea of free, universal pre-K, but naysayers said we couldn’t afford it. Bill made it a priority. Within two years, every four-year-old in our city had access to it, saving working parents tens of thousands of dollars. - Team de Blasio 
Working people in this country deserve better. It's true and we all know it. Our team also knows that Bill can give us better. How?Because he's already done it in New York City. Here's a helpful thread before things get started. -Team de Blasio 
Team de Blasio signing on! And we're gearing up for a great night. Where are you tuning in?  🤸‍♂️🏋️‍♀️🤳👩‍💻 
  on pre-debate "He's calm, he's relaxed, he's ready. I think he can't wait to get on the stag…
We’re here! Trusting Team de Blasio with my Twitter account tonight as I’ll be a little busy. Follow along as we show the world how we won historic victories for the working people of New York City — and how we can do it for the rest of the country, too.  
Americans from all over have spoken in our  poll, “What’s Don’s Greatest Con ever?” Find out the results: 
Lucky to have the talented, debater Dante de Blasio helping me get ready for Wednesday! 
 Yesterday, Democratic presidential candidate voiced his support for  plan for  Thanks for…
Thank you ; for your tireless defense of reproductive justice! All people in this country deserve care, no matter what. 
Thanks so much for having me, You are leading the charge to take back the White House ; put working people first in this country!  
 “There’s plenty of money in this country,” says taking about accomplishments in NYC including paid sick le…
  “No more Hyde Amendment, it’s over, that’s a part of our history. We’re going to protect women’s right to chose,…
 NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio at  “We need to codify Roe v. Wade into federal law once and for all!” Thank you
  “A woman’s body is a woman’s body is a woman’s body … so our law simply codifies that whatever else is happening…
 At  touts New York City’s new policy to fund abortions for people who cannot afford them via
From speaking with to attending the World Famous  the first day of convention weekend was a blast! 
 de Blasio takes the stage at the fish fry: “Our party needs to be the party of working people.” 
 Mayor “That is some damn good fish!” at the Jim Clyburn fish fry in SC. 
 Bill de Blasio is here at the House of Beer mingling with SC Young Dems before the fish fry 
We've won big, meaningful progressive victories in New York City. It's time for the whole country, too.Join us today: 
Have you voted yet on  greatest con?See the list of Donald Trump's Cons and vote for your 'favorite' now: 
 is a reminder that our country can’t be free if we deny basic freedoms to others. We must lift each other up and win this fight.
 We’re one step closer to protecting access to affordable birth control and other essential health care through Title X! Health ca…
It’s past time for apologies or evolution from He repeatedly demonstrates that he is out of step with the values of the modern Democratic Party. (2/2)
It’s 2019 ; is longing for the good old days of “civility” typified by James Eastland. Eastland thought my multiracial family should be illegal ;  that whites were entitled to “the pursuit of dead n*ggers." (1/2) 
I applaud for sharing this story with the next generation because the struggle is far from over. (2/2)
 is a racist. It was racist to target these innocent, young men back then ; it is racist to refuse to apologize to them now. I pushed to settle the case because it was the right thing to do after decades of injustice. (1/2)
Well, I hope they let me on the stage because I don’t look anything like that guy! 
So who will be left to do all of that "side work" at your country club?  
And we know how to do better. In New York City, we have some of the strictest gun laws in the country. We’re also the safest big city in America.
Nine lives were cut short by gun violence four years ago as they worshipped at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston. Remembering them today. We must do better.  
My proudest accomplishment. Happy Father's Day! 
Few scenes from Nashua today. Great first official trip to the Granite State. Thank you  for showing us around. I have a feeling we’ll be back.  
But inviting hostile foreign powers to interfere in American elections isn't just idiotic or unpatriotic, it's actually treason. Talk about the “Art of the Deal.” We can't wait any longer. It's time to 
Democrats should focus on issues that matter to working families and beating Trump in 2020. That hasn't changed.
 "If the American people look at any Democratic nominee and say that person is the status quo, we're gonna lose. Let's be b…
 Coming up: ; 
That’s what the debate in Miami should be about -  how we turn around this country and give hard-working Americans a better life. I look forward to making my case to my fellow Democrats and the American people.
Working Americans have been falling behind for far too long. As President, my job will be to change that. As Mayor of the largest and most diverse city in the country, I already have. My administration has put money back in the hands of working people. 
Thank you for your friendship and your kind words and for all you do for your community. I look forward to continue collaborating with you on putting working families first. 
Thank you for your relentless leadership. There is so much more we must do — and will do — together. 
This is not the time for half-measures. There is no "middle ground." Thank you ; others for making us all feel the urgency of this moment.
That’s also why I have signed the “No Fossil Fuel money pledge” in my campaign for President. I will not take one red cent from fossil fuel PACs and CEOs.
And we are implementing our own  right here in NYC—it’s the equivalent of taking 1.3M 🚘 off the road ; will create 25k good jobs. We are taking action because climate change is an existential threat that must be met head on.
We’re divesting billions of dollars from fossil fuel companies and investing billions in clean energy solutions. We are saying “No” to new fossil fuel infrastructure like the Williams Pipeline.
Climate change is a global emergency and in NYC we are doing everything in our power to combat it. We’re suing the big fossil fuel companies because they are complicit in the deadly consequences of climate disasters. 
 "If we're unified with the wrong message, we're going to lose ... the losing message is moderation for the sake of moderation…
 "If we're unified with the wrong message, we're going to lose ... the losing message is moderation for the sake of moderation…
 "This country's not fair right now." on 
 "We've put working people first here." on his time as mayor. 
Thank you so much for having us! You are a true leader for your congregation and your community. 
 and I had a great time in Iowa this weekend. Thanks for fighting to put money directly in the hands of working people! 
 “I would be committed to making sure that those companies don’t dominate anymore,” tells this voter who ha…
 “I didn’t come here with a bunch of proposal papers, I came here with achievements,” tells the crowd befor…
I crossed speaking in a big tent on the prairie off my bucket list. Thanks for having me! 
I kicked off my trip to Iowa in Hiawatha this morning. Good times are coming in 2020 because the work that is doing to lift up working people. 
 “People do not feel like they’re getting their fair share for their hard work,” tells this crowd of about…
 “He’s a champion of working people,” says state Rep. Molly Donahue when she introduces  
We don't have to choose between what we believe in and what we can get done. We've won big, meaningful progressive victories in New York City, and we’re going to do it for the whole country, too!Join with us today: 
Now can I do the Dr. Jekyll tweet? 
What’s Don’s greatest Con? Claims he’s a strong leader but gets taken advantage of, claims he’s helping working people but gave tax cuts to the rich.. See the whole list of Don’s Cons and vote for your favorite now: 
I will be talking to on  at 6pm ET today. Looking forward to it!
Couldn’t agree more with Proud to take this pledge to fight for fair redistricting. 
We should never sacrifice what’s right for working women because we think it makes us more electable. End. Hyde. Now.  
I need to brush up on late 19th century  literature. needs to brush up on women’s reproductive health. 
The hardworking members of are leading the charge to put working people first in New York City! 
 “We love Bill! We love Bill!” Hotel workers chant as they endorse  for President.  “Brothers and sister…
 NYHTC President Peter Ward: "Our union is proud to endorse and throw the full weight of our membership and politic…
And when it comes to supporting American women on issues like repealing the Hyde Amendment, is Dr. Jekyll.
The Hyde Amendment only hurts low income women, especially women of color. If you don’t support repeal, you shouldn’t be the Democratic nominee. 
Pleading poverty to deny services to ACTUALLY impoverished kids is shameful. Maybe if  tax scams hadn’t shoveled billions to his rich pals, we could afford to let kids play soccer. 
 We can't make progress for working people without allies in leadership working hand in hand with workers and unions.
  has fought tirelessly for working people:  📓 Universal Pre-K🛑 Ending stop-and-frisk👶 Paid family leave 💵…
 NYHTC is throwing our political muscle and member organizing into early primary states for 💪🏻💪🏼💪🏽💪🏾💪🏿
. is a tireless champion for working people. I’m proud to have their endorsement. 
Sí se puede! 
This is a lame duck summit. 
Great scoop ! Enjoyed talking to you and look forward to seeing you on the trail. 
 Londoners appreciate the solidarity has shown to our city. Proud to work with him and mayors across the USA on…
 “Donald Trump has made a career of attacking people based on race and religion and ethnicity.”NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio…
 is Putin’s twin, only his presidency will be shorter.  

 takes another shot at me. But I’m a total stan, so consider any comparison a compliment. Plus the Mayor is a much better British doppelgänger than Brexit Bojo.... 
 Recently joined us ON STRIKE in Iowa and promised that his campaign will be supporting McDonald's workers - -…
It was a joy to kick off  at the Outfest in Columbia. 
 has dedicated his entire career to uplifting South Carolinians. I’m so grateful for his support and friendship! 
 and I enjoyed meeting with today! These South Carolinians are leading the charge to put working people first in this country. 
It’s been an incredible month because of supporters like you. But we need your help to ensure our shot at explaining our agenda for working people from the primary debate stage. Contribute today: 
You,  and others should be held accountable for supporting a bill that has torn apart so many families. (4/4)
We ended the era of stop ; frisk. We cut down the jail population by 30%. We reduced arrests by 150k per year AND we reduced crime. (3)
In NYC, we’re proving it’s the exact opposite. Over policing in communities of color does NOT make us safer. Crime is at a historic low because we've rebuilt the bonds of trust between police and New Yorkers that the  destroyed. (2)
 — this is the ultimate, racist expression of white privilege. We would never tell white communities their choice is under policing or over policing. Or that they have to choose between getting murdered or being arrested for little or no reason. (1) 
 is much needed shakeup to the status quo who will deliver real change for working people!  
Congress must continue to investigate  ; his cronies. I'm focused on beating in 2020. As a New Yorker, I know all of his tricks and am tough enough to take him on.
 I’ve been a fan of yours since I was a kid. Thank you for showing me ; countless others how to be feminist. And thanks for never giving up the fight. 
 “Mayor de Blasio is among my top four choices for President and the only male human being on that list.” -
 Gloria Steinem says is one of her top 4 candidates for president — and the only man on the list. Didn’t say…
Honored to participate with Today is a day to remember our fallen, to remember the people who gave their lives for the freedoms we enjoy. 
 We asked Dem presidential candidates to honor the true meaning of today. Here is what they sent. We thank them all, and remem…
Fue un placer gozar con los Puertorriqueños de Las Vegas! 
I launched Pre-K ; 3-K for All in NYC to ensure that working people could give their kids the best start in life without going in debt. As President, I’ll expand access to early childhood education across the country.
Speaking with educators at this afternoon. As the product of a public school education ; the parent of public school graduates, I know first hand how important our educators are to the future of this country. 
Stopped by the beautiful this morning. It’s an absolute must see if you are in the Vegas area! 
 Gracias Mayor for meeting with our immigrant families! It was such a treat to have with us as w…
 are leading the charge to put working people first in this country. Enjoyed meeting with them today! 

Thank you for your service is a nice phrase, but this country needs to do so much more to support our veterans and their families who have sacrificed so much for this country.
 and I are honored to visit today. This is a personal issue for us. Our parents served in World War II, and we know first hand that the war came home with them. 
If you make the federal minimum wage, you would have to work 40 hours per week for 400 YEARS to make what Elon Musk makes in a single day. There’s plenty of money in this world. It’s just in the wrong hands. 
 Mayor in Des Moines Iowa with striking workers pledges that he and his campaign won't go to McDona…
My heart aches for these families and children.  This has to stop. And why are we just learning of this now? How many more kids have to die? The Trump Administration must be held accountable. 
 Solidarity Mayor de Blasio! We stand with you, together we will win $15 and union  rights for all…
 you’ve been out on notice.  
 "We're going to confront McDonald's everywhere in this country," says announcing his campaign…
Honored to stand with workers in Des Moines today in their  Working people deserve to be paid fair wages for their labor, period. 
 Happening now outside of the McDonald’s on Merle Hay Road in Des Moines, joining a national protest today…
 PRESS RELEASE: Federal government finds in violation of federal labor law, orders it to bargain wi…
Here in New York City, a place that is legendarily big and tough and complicated, we proved that when you give back to working families, the whole city gets stronger. Now we can do that for our country too. Join me:     
Someone needs a Twitter time out. 
 
 No, I don’t but it could be a good belated birthday present for anyone asking!
Today’s Playlist: Rudie Can’t Fail by the Clash, Is This Love by Bob Marley ; The Wailers, Mirror in the Bathroom by the Beat 🤘 
 “I understand this guy’s game plan. I’ve watched it for so long. And I understand there’s a way to confront him that’s unnerving t…
 New York City Mayor joins New Day in the 7 a.m. ET hour to discuss his 2020 presidential run 
 ; Co keep on attacking me because they think I’m a threat. Well, guess what—I know a bully when I see one, and I’m not going anywhere. 
Proud Dad Alert! 
Such a powerful observation by We cannot allow an entire generation to lose faith that government can be a force for good in people's lives.    
 got to visit Pete the Plastic Pelican today! We’re  looking forward to returning to the Palmetto State soo…
Thank you Reverend Swinton for inviting me to speak at Ebenezer AME about  No working family should have to go into debt to give their kids the best start in life. Proud to stand w/ to invest in our kids ; schools.
 A morning in church: as Presidential Candidate - greeting parishioners at Ebenezer Church in
 will interview Sunday morning, only on Up with David Gura on Tune in  🍩!
 A tale of two mayor and Mayor Michael Butler work the room 
  now at Dukes BBQ in Orangeburg SC. Talking with customers before he grabs some dinner.  
 "I want to see a lot more farming communities have these kinds of biofuel facilities," NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio said on his…
  fielding questions at the Richland Library in Columbia, SC 
 Happening now: speaking to Democratic Black Caucus monthly meeting in Columbia, SC.  
 Right on time in Columbia SC: - his first campaign stop in South Carolina as a presidential candidate. 
  is on the stump in Iowa and is with him. Here’s Day One with  on the Campaign Trail.   ht…
  targets ‘Con Don’ on Iowa stump, words and art by  
From Sioux City yesterday!  
 in hot water again! We’re really throwing him off his game. Want to stop  from hurting working families? Go to  to join the fight!
  is our hashtag of the day. 
At the POET Biorefining Ethanol Facility in Gowrie, Iowa this morning, with former Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack and POET general manager Wael Sanduka. 
 In Iowa today, I asked Mayor  what Democrats are supposed to take away from his late night video Twitte…
  in the living room of George and Patti Naylor talking with small farmers. 
 Bill de Blasio talking to farmers 
 Bill de Blasio and former Ag Sec/Iowa Gov. Tom Vilsack on an ethanol tour 
 They’re also speaking with the company’s general manager, Wael Sanduka.  
 . and Tom Vilsack take a tour of the POET Ethanol plant in Gowrie on the mayors first trip to Iowa since…
 First stop on  presidential tour in Iowa POET Biorefineries in the town of Gowrie 
 The ethanol plant in Gowrie, Iowa that is touring this morning on his first full day of campaigning for presid…
 Tomorrow on 2020 contender joins us live. 
We're coming for you,  
We're helping working people secure an economic future they can believe in. I'm relying on you to lend me a hand.Become a founding donor to our campaign:   
 New York Mayor and his wife spoke with following his announcement that he will be running…
 "Working Americans deserve better." New York Mayor is the 23rd Democrat to enter the presidential race and says putt…
Bill de Blasio is running for president, and we're ready to put America's working families first. Join the de Blasio 2020 team now:  
Every day, Americans are getting screwed. But here in NYC, we decided: it doesn't have to be that way. Now Bill's ready to fight for working families nationwide. Learn more:  
Paid sick leave. Guaranteed health care. Free pre-K. We built an agenda in NYC that put working families first — America's families deserve the same. Join the fight:  
It doesn’t matter where you live — city or rural area, big state or small — working families in every part of the country deserve better. Let’s fight together to put working families first. Will you stand with us and donate $1 today?   
When we put working people first, everyone succeeds. We proved it here in New York City, and now we're going to bring the same determined solutions to working families across the country. We're just getting started, and we're counting on your support:  
Paid sick leave. Guaranteed health care. Free pre-K. We built an agenda in NYC that put working families first — America's families deserve the same. Donate $1 to help us keep fighting:  
NYC has record low crime ; record high jobs.  We’re investing in working families with free Pre-K ; guaranteed health care.  taking advantage of working families is no joke. Go to  to join our campaign. As President, I’ll put working people first. 
Today I am proud to announce my candidacy for president of the United States of America, because it's time to finally put working people first.Join me:   
27 years ago, a woman walked up to me to ask a question. At that moment, I remember instantly experiencing a phenomenon some call love at first sight.That feeling NEVER faded. Happy 25th Anniversary, my love! 
P.S. This is a photo of my mother Maria de Blasio working at the Office of War Information during World War II. She was a working woman AND a pioneer!
My mother was the hard-working daughter of Italian immigrants. I’ll never forget the lessons she taught me: the importance of standing up for what’s right, persevering in spite of doubt and having the courage to fight for fairness. 
 Happy Mother’s Day, my love! New York City couldn’t be luckier to have you as First Lady and I couldn’t be luckier to have you as my partner in all things — especially the toughest job of all: parenthood. We love you! 
Too many people work hard but don't get any time with their families. That's why New York City will be the first city to guarantee workers two weeks of paid vacation or personal time. All Americans deserve paid leave to be there for the people we love.
There's literally no question in my mind that health care is a human right — and we're done waiting for anyone else to agree. 
It has been a tough day for our city, but I'm still grateful for the many, many birthday wishes. Hugging my loved ones a little tighter and renewing my vow to never ever stop fighting for families.
There is plenty of money in this country, it's just in the wrong hands. It's time to give back to working people and invest in families. One of the many ways we're doing that in NYC is guaranteeing healthcare for all. 
While the Trump administration and the Republican party is working overtime to take health care away from millions of Americans, in New York we are working to guarantee health care for all. Health care is a right, not a privilege.
I know from my time in Charleston that is a force to be reckoned with! 
On  let's remember there's plenty of money in the country – it's just in the wrong hands. Working people deserve to share in the prosperity they have earned. If we stand together, we can build a fairer world.
We can't wait any longer. The time for action is now. 
Climate change is an existential threat to New York City, which is why we're leading the way with our own  It will radically reduce emissions, directly confront income inequality and generate tens of thousands of good-paying jobs.
In the richest country on earth, we have diabetic patients rationing their insulin. And a President that wants to take away health care from people in need, rather than making it a human right.
Our planet is in crisis. The Green New Deal -- and bold action like it in cities and states across the country -- is our best hope to be able to celebrate this  and future Earth Days on this planet we call home.
The number of Fortune 500 companies that pay $0 in federal taxes roughly doubled last year, in fact some even got refunds. Working people are shouldering the burden for corporations and billionaires, thanks to the 
For decades, working people have gotten more and more productive, but receive a smaller and smaller share of the wealth they create. It's time for those at the top and the world's biggest corporations to pay their fair share.
On  we are all paying for the  giveaway to the wealthy and corporations. 
We don't debate global warming in New York City – not after Superstorm Sandy took so much from us. Climate change is a national emergency without a national policy. But we're not going to wait for Donald Trump. We're taking action to prepare now. 
 racist rhetoric couldn't be more wrong. In New York City, we've got the highest percentage of immigrants than at any time in the last century and we're safer and more prosperous than ever.
I’m proud to stand in solidarity with and workers demanding a seat at the table. When we join arm in arm, the people win. 
 Gracias Mayor  for taking time out of your day to meet with me and talk about our immigrant and working famil…
 Question for from Gidget, a cook and Culinary Union member: “What will you do to make it easier for worker…
 Culinary Union President Ted Pappageorge introduces “it’s great to have a friend of with us today…
He was in Memphis standing with striking sanitation workers because he believed the fight for economic justice was synonymous with the fight for civil rights. If you can, please take a minute or two to listen to his words tonight.  
Fifty-one years ago last night, Martin Luther King Jr. gave a speech that defined his life's journey - a life that was cut short the very next day. 
In New York City, we banned the practice of employers asking workers about their salary history during the hiring process, which discriminates against people who have been systematically underpaid. 
Women and people of color deserve to get paid the same as their white male counterparts for doing the same work. Period.  
My message to progressives in NH is simple: don’t talk yourselves out of your own power. The people are ready to hear us say with all our hearts that we will build a country where they have decent lives. That’s the kind of America we should be living in. 
When I ask if people feel like they’ve got enough time for their families, I get the same answer everywhere I go — from NYC to Antrim, NH. It’s not an accident — it’s an agenda that started with Ronald Reagan and goes all the way up to the GOP’s tax cuts for the wealthy. 
 It is so good to see my mother’s hometown of Claremont, New Hampshire in such good hands. Thank you Mayor Lovett for hosting…
Great to spend the evening with in Manchester talking about building a fairer future for all. Incredible to hear what they’ve built over the last few years. 
We must never forget the lives that were taken in this sacred place. 
 and I cannot thank Orangeburg Mayor Michael Butler enough for his hospitality this morning. 
Brothers and sisters, there is plenty of money in this country. There is plenty of money in this world. It’s just in the wrong hands. 
All over this country people are working harder and harder, but getting less and less. It‘s not an accident. It’s an agenda to ensure that working people won’t get ahead.
 The mental health crisis is not just a New York City challenge. 
 The people of South Carolina are so lucky to have a fierce fighter like on their side. 
So much respect for and the work he’s doing in South Carolina. We greeted each other this morning in the age-old tradition of tall people: standing back to back to see who’s taller. 
Great to start the morning in Columbia with the Northeast Democrats. They know real lasting change comes from the grassroots. Every time they go out there and knock doors, they’re building the wave that will change South Carolina forever. 
 NYC mayor Bill de Blasio is at JetBlue Park today.I talked to the mayor about his Red Sox fandom, which includes a love of R…
Nothing like spending some time with my two great loves: and the Weren't even favorites to win the division, and now they’re the reigning World Champions! 
What unites us all is the reality of working people’s lives. 
We’re a nation of a whole lot of people that need to come together - and can come together - if our leaders help us get there. 
Great to join the Asian ; Latino Coalition today in Des Moines 
People want to talk about the issues: families, jobs, healthcare; those are the issues of the Democratic Party. I don’t care if some place has historically voted republican, it’s on us to go there and bring our case to the people. 
Great night in Sioux City! Thanks for having me. Real change starts here. 
It’s great the folks at Third Way watched a bunch of campaign ads. I talk to working people. They’re struggling. They’re working more for less. They know there’s plenty of money in this country, but it’s in the wrong hands – like centrist think tanks. 
